I came here for my mother's B-day on Valentine's Day. After reading some reviews I was prepared for a long wait but parking took less than five minutes, coat check was a couple of seconds and after meeting up with my sister upstairs in the waiting lounge we were seated within 5-10 minutes.[We arrived at around 7:40ish] Woop! Woop! I'd say the atmosphere is cozy. You can see everything that's going on and the tables are all pretty near eachother. Our waiter was extremely polite and attentive. As soon as we finished our breadsticks(which were very good) he made sure to re-fill. My mother and I shared the special of the night which was a three-pound lobster stuffed with shrimp on top of mashed yucca. It also came with a chunk of filet mignon.(The presentation was beautiful) The steak was delicious, very juicy. The shrimp filled lobster was also very good but something was off about the lobster. I'm not a food expert so I really can't say but it kinda felt like it was cooked before-hand and then heated up slightly to be served because the lobster was some-what cold and a little too chewy..like if it was overcooked. My brother-in-law immediately changed his mind about his dish and had the waiter exchange it for what my mother and I were eating. The waiter was extremely polite about it and had the dish switched.*free of charge* My sister had the plantain enrusted red snapper which she let me taste and it was also delicious.(We all had rice and beans for our side dishes) To drink we had a pitcher of red sangria (Very good, not too sweet nor too strong IMO) and our waiter also let us taste the coquito.(It definitely needs more alcohol!) My only complaint would be the mashed yucca, it's simply not edible. After dinner (Which cost about 300 inluding the nice tip for the great Romanian waiter) my two year old daughter ran over to the bar area and started dancing. Instead of kicking us out the in house photographer was sent to take a piture of her. Over-all I had a nice eating experience and would recommend this place to all of my friends. And for the people who complained about "the ghetto hostess" well, this is a Puerto Rican restaurant maybe their dress attire is the look they're going for. They were all very polite towards me and if I did have any complaints the manager was conveniently right in the front of the restaurant keeping an eye on things. *Thumbs up for leftovers which you're sure to leave with!!*
I've attempted to get into this place on a couple occasions but for whatever reason, never made it.  I was happy that I finally got to go on a Thursday evening for dinner.  This isn't the place for a cheap meal, but the money will be well spent.  The food is delicious and the portions are huge.  The drinks are a bit pricey.  The atmosphere was nice, trendy with dimmed lighting. It does get a little loud as people try to talk over the music.   Valet parking was free which was nice.  (Once I got as far as the parking lot and valet was asking for $20! Don't get jipped!)
I have been here for HV Restaurant week and for the Monday night $28 3 course special...service is attentive and food is well prepared and authentic (with regards to Puerto Rican seasoning and flavor) and the portions are HUGE not just big but HUGE!!!!  This is definitely a go to spot for fancy pants PR food...and I hear that on Thurs-Sat it's quite a happening spot  (though very crowded and loud) but we've never gone on those nights so I'm just hearing this from people who have gone on those nights, but it might be a fun time so the BF and I might check it out one night without my parents :-).
Food and atmosphere are good. Great place for a group of friends.  The flavor of the food is excellent but the portions are large. I mean really large, and if you want to share with someone they charge you extra (the only really negative). The price are a little high but you get a lot of food for what you pay for. The music is great, they have live bands on certains nights and dancing on the weekends. Great place that is local to Westchester, so if you don't want to go to the city try Don Coqui.
We celebrated my cousins  Birthday at DonCoqui & when i parked my car at the valet parking i expected good service but instead. .someone was in my car looking through my stuff. & my CDs were thrown around in the car. what kind of service is that? We just spent $700 in that place & i expected better service then that. i thought my car & my stuff would be fine & for a place that charges 30.00 for some drinks ..should have better service then that. also make sure you ask how much is a drink cost cause they tell you the drink is great but dont mention the price & to pay $30.00 for one drink is kind of steep..
Entering the door of the building at first I was disappointed from the setting. But when I entered the second floor I was impressed. The ambience was very good. The food was very good, the portions huge, the service excellent. From ordering to getting served, it took less than 5 minutes. The paella and the cured pork were excellent. The desserts were delicious. I am definetely going back.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!! Food & Drinks are amazing....I been following the owner since Jimmy Bronx Cafe.. True Fan WEPA...
today was the first day of restaurant week .this gives us a chance to try restaurants for the first time and not cost us as much as a normal night.we heard that don coqui was a choice so we went.all i can say is that the food was excellent. service  superior, the waiters were not only prompt but very knowledgable  and friendly.portions were huge we took home more than what we ate.quality was  tops  i recommend going here  especially during restaurant week. also,the mojitos are great.we will go back again.
I have been to this location over 10 times. The food is good but overpriced . The drinks are great but extremely overpriced. I have never complained before because I never had a bad experience until this past Saturday. I went there with my family to celebrate a birthday. I am so sorry that I recommended this place. First let me start off by saying that any party over 8 receives a personalized menu which includes family style appetizers and dessert and one entree. As soon as we were seated our appetizers came out. After we ate our entrees the desserts came out with the check.  10 minutes later our waiter told us that we needed to move to the lounge because others were waiting to be seated. ARE you kidding ME! we spent $700 that night. We were ready to order more drinks but were told that we needed to go to the lounge. I was so upset and embarrassed since I had chosen the restaurant for our gathering.  This has never happened to me at any restaurant. I called to complain the next day and spoke to Jimmy one of the managers. He was a nice guy but basically condoned the waiters behavior . I was appalled. I told Jimmy about how I have been here many times. Well I guess this business makes so much business that they dont care about losing loyal patrons. I told him that I was disgusted and that I would never come here again. His response was thanks for letting him know.  He should have offered me something but I guess they are better than that. Shame on you Don Coqui. Anytime anyone ever inquires about your restaurant I will let them know about my experience. Seems like your biggest downfall is the fact that you guys rush people out. I love to support Latino businesses but I will never come here again.I will make sure I post on Facebook to my 2000 friends that you guys dont appreciate your customers.
This review is late about a month, but sometimes you have to marinate on the good stuff or I forgot to review. The Paella.....the Paella.....the Paella......this has got to be my favorite dish, with Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Lobster, Calamari, Chicken and Chorizo. I can't even bring myself to order anything else. This is my second visit to this location and the food, music and atmosphere are great. At about 11-12ish it turns into a night club with a mixture of music......Lots of dancing Oh and there is a Birthday every 30secs, or atleast it seems that way.
Driving an hour from Ct. We were there celebrating a birthday. A few comments to help improve your service. Arrived to the interior and no one was there to greet us. We did not know where to go! Finally found the elevator, When we got off again no greeting. Had to find someone to ask where to go. Dinner was good. Did not enjoy your transgender entertainment. Thought it made your place a little Sleazy!! The off color dancing she provided wasn't appropriate. The music was great you did not need that. The girl playing the drums was a show in itself... Felt a little rushed you removed the meals and dessert kind of quickly. At the end after having several glasses of wine and wearing heels we were forced to walk down the stairs! Why??? if I rode up in an elevator. I will try you once again in the near future and hoping for a more positive outcome . In any event good luck !
I'd actually give this place 2.75 stars but a three will do.  To be honest, I have no serious complaints.  I attended a party here and it was decent.  I order pernil and they gaveme half a ham shank.  Now, I love to eat but this was a little much.  They happlly wrapped up what I couldn't eat so nothing went to waste.   In regards to the taste, the food was nothing special.  It wasn't horrible or delicious, just a little better than okay.  I noticed that this place really doesn't offer anything but brown food--no fruits, vegetables, or greens to be seen.  Now, for me, this is not a problem as I am a meat and potatoes type of guy, but for the health conscious, be forewarned. The staff wasn't exceptiponally freindly but definitely not rude.  I appreciate this type of service, just because you are my server doesn't mean that we are homies for life.  Just keep my water glass filled, check on me from time to time and I'm all good. The space itself is a little rundown.  I think some my misconstrue poor upkeep for charm, but a trip to the bathroom eradicates any misconception of charm.  Charming doesn't smell like pee. In any case, I'd definitely return to this spot.  The large portions (I'm a pig), the atmosphere (there was live music!), and the location (right off of 95) is enough to warrant another go aound. P.S. I'd say this place is excellent for large groups.  They are very accomodating and everyone in our party was pleased.
Attended a birthday dinner here and it was very nice! I'd love to come here on a regular night just to get a feel of the crowd but I liked what I saw. Staff is super friendly and kind. If you've never been here or past here it may be hard to find. Must visit!
This place is an experience when you step into the restaurant. Don coqui in the Bronx is my favorite branch because of the Spanish influence " feel" layout of the restaurant. I went here during restaurant week with a group of 14 people and the food was phenomenal! The paella with lobster was huge! The portions were all huge and the dessert bites.. Soo good. We even got drunk off their sangria. I think this place offers a good and largely portioned selection during restaurant week. I will, have and continue to return. Oh! And spanish music galore.
Not my kind of scene at all. The food is okay...You can get the same quality food elsewhere for a much better price, better service, nicer ambiance, and cooler crowds. Overrated, I'll go elsewhere.
Don Coqui screams, FUN! FUN! FUN! Its the type of place you go with a large party because you know the food is good, drinks are big and strong, music is upbeat, the people are sexy, dancing is a must, and good times are a given. I have been here for several birthday dinners. The custom menus they put together are cute and practical. Guest don't spend hours looking through the full menu, and everyone stays within the same price point. Terrific! Service is hit or miss, but this is overshadowed by all the fun being had. P.S. When you go, please take me with you! **smile**
I came here for my birthday and had such a good time.  First off the location is beautiful. I almost felt like I was walking into a wedding reception. The Bar: Before our table was ready we headed over to the bar. James was our bartender. He was friendly, timely, and super attentive to our group's needs. He also makes kick ass drinks. If you are not sure what to get like I was, trust his taste. You won't regret it. Dinner: OMG the portions are mammoth; we had left-overs for days. Each plate was good enough to serve 4 or 3 hungry people. I was ready to get rolled out of there by the end of my meal. The mixed appetizer platter in the pre-fixe menu were just like home. So good! The staff was courteous and fun. The music and the after dark club experience was super fun too!
I celebrated my Bday there and Love it love it love it!! Servers, music & food was great. They give u hurge portions so go with an appetite! I would definitely do it all over again.
Heard about Don Coqui from many people so thought I would give it a try. First thing you should know there have a few different locations, I attended the one in New Rochelle.   The Breakdown: Vibe- Went on a Saturday night- they played salsa music the later it got around 11ish it had a more nightclub vibe. Place was packed everyone was having a great time. They have a small space in the front near the bar area where people were dancing. All in all great ambiance. You can go there all dressed up or semi-casual. Food- Come with an appetite, the portion sizes are huge. You really get bang for your buck. We got the calamari for apps which was huge.  I got the Paella, had a mixture of shrimp, lobster, clams, mussels, calamari etc. My friend got the salmon with varying sides both dishes were delicious. I could not finish mine. I tapped out after the 12th bite. So all in all food pretty good. Now this review would have been 5 star across the board if not for one small problem. Where Don Coqui is located you have to park valet (there is hardly any way of getting around it). Anyway we parked valet everything was fine, upon leaving we get the car the valet driver was great. We get about 5 mins away and realize that ipod that was left in car was missing. Go back to Don Coqui talk to the valet manager, he apologizes and explains that this hasn't happened in 6 months...(it honestly shouldn't be happening at all) anyway he gives us some number to some insurance claim that is affiliated to Don Coqui. We are still in the process of calling the "claims" office which has been no help whatsoever. Based  purely off of food and venue 4 stars,  but the valet experience tainted the experience.
Service is terrible but the food is so good! All 3 times I've been here it's been on a Friday night for dinner. It's always really loud, which is fine & expected but I'm not sure if that's what affects the service. Perhaps the dining room side w/ all the tables should have less speakers bc it's impossible to hold a conversation due to the loud music. Some of the folks in our group were missing utensils. No one comes to check up on you during the course of the dinner. The bus boys aren't cautious at all; they dropped the utensils and some food in us while taking the food away. I know that most of the time they're in a hurry but they need to be a bit more careful. Valet is $20 & you have no other option bc there's no street parking. Ridiculous. Overall, great food & drinks but the service needs to improve. The Astoria, Queens location is better.
Been to this place four times in one year. Grate food and good service. The food was consistent and me and my group of friends always have a blast.  I recommend this restaurant because not only is the main course good but we love the mix platters. I've experienced this place both during the day and night; night was way better. The place looks pretty worn down doting the day, and the wood floor needs refinishing.  I would give it four stars if the place looked better during the day.  Night time is a blast because of the nice lighting they use to make the place look classy
Be prepared to eat!!!  Their portions can feed a small village.  No seriously we fed a small village with leftovers.  All jokes aside if you are looking for a traditional PR meal and lots of it. This is the place to go.   I get the pernil with arroz con gandules.  You get a miniature pork shoulder.  Like the ones in the supermarket to feed everyone at a party just about half the size.  I could never finish their food and I'm a big guy!   Flan great!  Cocotini delish.  Prices are a bit high but I don't mind because it's like getting two meals in one. Only reason I gave this place a 4 would of been a 4.5 if they let me was I feel rushed.  If you go there when it's busy they do try to get you out quickly.  Understandably so to serve more people make more money.  Also if you go there late the floor becomes a dance floor.  The start moving tables away.  And it feels like a wave little by little of misses tables when you are trying to finish your meal.
It was my second time visiting a DC restaurant, the food is a 7/10. The cocktail drinks are alright, do not get the bulldog! It's wayyyyy to syrupi. I've been to the DC out in westchester and that one is better than it's new Rochelle location.
Went for dinner after driving to the White Plains location to discover its closed Mon-Tues-Wed during the summer months. I've been to this location before and service is always solid but last night we had what can only be described as a seamless meal from start to finish. The maitre'd is classy and understated, the food wasn't disappointing, but what made this evening great was our server. Talia was personable, made appropriate suggestions, and had impeccable timing. The only reason this review gets 4 stars and not 5 is because the bus boys were over zealous and made us feel rushed. How many times can someone offer to take your plate before you feel like they want you to hurry up and leave? Overall a solid eatery
The food is always excellent! But, the customer service last Sunday, 3/2/14, was awful. We are regular customers, since this is our first time to use Groupon, we saw the difference in service. We felt like we're discriminated, or we don't deserved to be treated well because of Groupon? We're all disappointed, what's going on? Our server is the only one wearing a blue jean pants as opposed to other well dressed male servers. He made us wait for more than 15 minutes because the other table who's not using Groupon called him while he was writing our   order. And more waiting moments happened in between orders. I wonder if other customers using Groupon experienced the same preferential treatment? My 2 daughters and paramour can attest to this dining experience.
Very unhappy with this establishment. After being told there would be an hour wait, we sat at the bar. The security suggested we eat at the bar, because if we didn't we'd have to give up our chairs. Give up our chairs?? We were buying drinks not taking up space. In any event, we ordered our meals at the bar and once again, were being rushed off to finish in order to remove our chairs. I have never been rushed through a dinner ever. The food wasn't even the greatest. More quantity than quality. I ordered the Ropa Vieja and received a huge dish of food but the beef was more like a soupy gravy. Yuck! It was not pretty to look at And just "okay" to the palette. I won't be returning. Sorry!
Too loud!  Too loud!  Too loud! Hate to sound like a buzzkill, but there should be a warning!  Beware, you will not be able to converse with your date, due to the DJ playing trite cliched music, LOUD! Why?  I don't get it, nor did my girfriend, since of course the DJ kicked it up and it went from bad to worse over the hour or so we were there. What compels a restaurant to do such a thing?  Is it the sense that people will say better things about the place, as in... "Hey man, Don Cocqui rocks, they played Michael jackson music full blast, it was cool, we could barely speak it was so loud, you have to go and be tortured"...? That aside, I like the place, the food is good, and next time I bring my earplugs and will try to the hookahs..
This review is for Brunch only!!! I will point out that my husband and I have been coming here and enjoying this restaurant since they opened about 5 years ago. It was one of our first date night spots and will most likely continue to be. For brunch? I can honestly say that's a no-go. To start, we ventured here early Sunday after reading of their new brunch on their IG page. I was excited to try before we headed to our Super Bowl festivities later that day. Lets just say I never made it that far. With our 10 month old in tow we arrive and had to pay valet (for brunch?) we were seated promptly as there were maybe two other tables being occupied. Our server was nice as can be and started rattling off their dinner specials for the  evening...ok what? When we brought up how we were there for Brunch he immediately apologized and told us he never does brunch and would be right back with the right menus........ok So he returns with two small paper menus. I was a bit surprised by the ultra slim pickings but figured it was because brunch was so new. He asked us of we had any questions so I asked him what the Encanto drink was. His eyes grew wide and he seemed like he had no idea what to say. He ended up reading the ingredients to me off of a cocktail list on the table. Hmm. We then asked of the steak's sides could be substituted, he didn't know that either and ran somewhere to ask. Overall he gave us the impression that he was completely unprepared and not versed in the brunch whatsoever, which is not typical of DC.  We ordered the steak and eggs and my husband ordered the red sangria and I had the white. The food comes and I was completely underwhelmed. I kick myself for not taking a photo of it, but it was a few pieces of steak with onion and some scrambled eggs, presentation nor taste were memorable. We never received steak knives so we flagged down another server for them, since ours went missing for a while. The server who brought the knives see, med a bit embarrassed by the service and said "I'm sorry, I should've taken this table"...hmmm We each had 2 more glasses of the sangria as the server kept mentioning it was "unlimited" and encouraged us to take advantage. We pay we leave...then the fun begins. On our way home to change, we both start feeling deathly sick! Omg I wasn't drunk but I felt suddenly hungover, headache, nauseous, dizzy and lightheaded. I've had alcohol poisoning just once before and it was all coming back to me. Since we had the same meal and diff sangria we couldn't tell what exactly made us so sick. We both threw up a few times, one of them in the street before our house, but I was too out of it to care. We have ordered pitchers of sangria in the past for dinner, and have never once felt this way. I was out of it for the rest of the night all the while trying to take care of my son, missed the game, wasted our only day off together as a family and oh the pain!!! I don't know what went wrong but boy was it WRONG. Never again! #traumatized
I had the most amazing time for my mothers birthday the staff was amazing very polite the food was fast and fresh the drinks are awesome will def be coming back sooner than later
If I could give a lower rating I would. Last night was absolutely horrible... With the exception of the valet the service was terrible.  Let's recap. It's my birthday weekend and I wanted to start it off by spending an evening of eating,drinking and  maybe some dancing with my friends. So I invite them. We all arrive at the same time. And two couples can not get in because the guys have on sneakers. So we say we are here to eat. And the response is not unless you have a change of shoes in the car. Then we see a group leaving with two guys in it and guess what... They have on very similar outfits ( except they were a different race) as the two guys that were denied the right to eat. We say... How come they were allowed in and the response is... They got here before 11 so it's allowed then.  Hmmmm ok. Then we proceed to to see females enter with sneakers. And nothing is said. So two couples leave.... Determined to have a good time, the remaining 4 went upstairs to be seated. Note: we were the only couple that had been here before and I was telling all of my friends how fun it was because we celebrated my mans birthday here a few months back and had a great time - just drinking and dancing at the bar- so we had to try to have a good time although the party was already cut in half. On our way up the stairs we learn that 3 more people will join us in about 45 minutes ( yes that's how long we all drove to get there even the two couples that could not get in to eat) so we asked for a larger table.  We sit.  We are given no menus just a paper for parties of 5 or more to order family style ( there's only 4 of us at this time) so I ask for a regular menu and I'm told that this paper menu will only be a little over 40 a person... So I say well that doesn't matter because I will not eat all of that. I would like a regular menu. He complies. Now the fun starts...We order drinks. I ask what flavor margaritas there are. I ask for a mix of regular (lime) and strawberry.  ( this is the drink I had on our other visit except I had mango strawberry mix which was yummy going down not so much the day after as all I could taste was mango the day after so I did not want to venture down this road again). So out comes a Huge Glass with two coronas in it and a shot. I say to the waiter what's that?. I didn't order that. I ordered a margarita. He replies that this is the only margarita we serve in the dining area. I say I don't drink beer. And the waiter replies, there's so much alcohol in it you won't even taste the beer.  At no point did the waiter gesture for the drink knowing this was not what I wanted. So my man, trying to diffuse the situation because once again it's my birthday says that he will drink the beer and removes them from my drink.  Pacified for the moment I take a sip of said drink only to taste mango. Now I'm upset. I have to flag the waiter down again. He comes back over. I say I did not want Mango. I specifically asked for lime and strawberry. He says but it ( mango) is good. I reply that I did not want mango. So he asks if I want to take it back.  I won't tell you what I really wanted to do with that drink at this point but I replied yes. I will not drink mango. So he finally brings out the right mix and drops it off and walks away. The 4 of us were like is he coming back we want to eat. ( remember this is the point of the evening)  My man actually leaves the table to look for him. And the waiter comes back to introduce us to our new waiter.  Who promptly walks away after the introduction and then I get up to try to get his attention. We finally order and the waiter was ehhhh  ( he actually walked away after I ordered neglecting the other couple until I said hey they need to order). The food came out promptly and was actually good ( which may have been the only good thing besides the initial valet service). A few more drinks were messed up. And we got the bill it was great to find out that my margarita with all the extras I didn't order was $42 and that we were required to leave a 20 % tip for waiters who obviously don't care because they don't need to do anything for their tip but show up. Oh yeah and if you're wondering what happened to our first waiter. He must have ended his shift and promptly changed into a tee shirt and sneakers ( yes the very same type of tee shirt and sneakers that caused the denial of entry to two other couples because it was after 11) and was drinking and having a great time off the mandatory gratuity for terrible service. Nice. So now here's the problem we have. Three of the couples (including myself and the couple that was denied entry) purchased groupons for this location. We did not use them last night but now no one wants to go back. Can we be refunded or use them at another location because the service was disgusting and no one should be subjected to it.
Omg this place is awesome!!!!!!!! I'm always skeptical to try the pernil everywhere I go, but I was brave enough to try it! I can honestly say this is the best pernil I've ever had! Of course not better than mommy's but almost there! Their Moro de gandules (rice and pigeon peas) is to die for! Very impressed!
The most unique characteristic of this place is the décor. The place looks like its a warehouse of some sort as well as a raw kitchen. Very interesting to say the least. The open area, elevator and overall décor is quite interesting but that is where it ends! The food was without any doubt very good but not amazing like I expected. I did come here for a party so maybe that can be a legitimate excuse but not really....the food is the food there period. The drink (mojito) was excellent though. I like the glasses that they were served in. Despite it all.....I will come back, the spot in Queens was really good and I know that this place can and will deliver. I'm adding an extra star to my review, thinking about it really the food was not disappointing at all so they do deserve an additional star. I'm sure my next visit will be very good as well and I'm sure I'll add the 5th star.
I feel so sad that people come here and think this is what real Puerto Rican food tastes like. For a Saturday night, the wait wasn't bad, only about 15 minutes and you can sit at the bar and order a drink. After a long week my family came here to relax and unwind and we were STARVING and ready to dance. The waiter was nice but once our food came, rather quickly actually not even ten minutes had passed, we completely lost our appetites. The pernil is a huge hunk with the bone and all, so fatty and unappetizing. My family and I couldn't get over what looked like a pig knuckle in our dish. My grandma's rice and gandules is my favorite meal on the entire planet and I was excited to try theirs. So disappointed, tasted like they had just taken it out of the freezer and microwaved it. The mofongo was okay but they put huge hunks of pernil over it not chicharron, for $19 skip the toll and go somewhere in Washington Heights for better mofongo and 1/3 of the price. My moms churrasco was so salty it was burning her lips. Mojito was okay but barely any liquor. When the waiter came over and asked us how we enjoyed our food and we told him we didn't have a good experience, he really didn't seem to care. And proceeded to ask if we wanted dessert. We agreed to stay for coffee so we could stall till the dancing. Their coffee machine was broken, what a surprise. It was almost 11pm and still no dancing so we just decided to leave. What a waste of a night out. We spent the rest of the night wondering why we just didn't go somewhere else.
Great wait staff! After hearing rave reviews about this restaurant I must say I had a pretty lack luster experience. I was served wine in a dirty glass and when my pernil came out It was bland. I've had better Latin cuisine at the corner cuchifrito! Very disappointed. I was satisfied by the portions but I was waiting for the blast of flavor that never came. WoMP WomP!
I've been to Don Coqui in Queens and was thoroughly impressed so I was hoping to feel the same way the New Rochelle location. I was. My girlfriend had her son's chrisenting dinner there (he's such a cutie but I digress)......there was about 35 people so we had to sit at two tables.  We started out with family style appetizers....baked clams, tostones with shrimp, cod or beef and a delighful plate of different appetizers such as fried calamari, sausage on skewers, fried pork, empanadas (beef, shrimp and veggie), fried chicken chunks.  Everything was absolutely delicious!!  I REALLY enjoyed the baked clams, they weren't overly breaded like some restaurants and was well seasoned.  They also had baskets of plaintain chips - which were also very good, well fried but not greasy.  Everyone talked about how good the appetizers were. For my entree I had the skirt steak this time as I've had the paella at the Queens location and I wanted to try something different.  I ordered the steak medium and that's just how it came - well cooked and well seasoned.  It came with a side of brown rice and beans and well everything was delicious I was just too stuff to eat it all.  I took the rest home (as everyone left with doggy bags) to give to my husband and he agreed that the food was delicious. My daughter ordered the Pernil with rice and beans and it looked like she had a half side of pork on her plate.  She she it was very good and again well seasoned. We ended with family style desserts like coconut flan, rice pudding, regular flan but I was just too full to eat another bite. Once again I wasn't disappointed with the food at Don Coqui's and ask I'm typing this review I'm trying to think of another reason to go back there again. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Went here for the first time last week with a friend. We decided to try it because we had a living social deal.  It was just ok. We both agreed that we won't be rushing back.   We had a pitcher of sangria (which was $40 and in total was about 3 glasses, 1.5 glasses each), the appetizer for 2 and the don coqui paella. The bill came to $116. That is just insane. We asked them to split the paella so we could share it and they told us it was a $10 charge to do that. Seriously? We then told them to give us a separate plate and we'd split it ourselves. It was good but the seafood was VERY sandy. The appetizer was good and definitely worth the $25. The server was friendly but kind of inattentive.  It took forever for us to get him back to the table. I gave it 3 stars because the food was good overall but it was just way too expensive. For those prices it should have been fantastic.
If you're looking for delicious Latin cuisine, good drinks and good music then this is the place to go. I went to the New Rochelle location about a week ago with some friends for food and drinks and was thoroughly impressed. Neat and elegant decor, good music and great service. We ordered their Tostones Rellenos (both steak and pernil) by far this has got to be the best appetizer ever. The bartender put us onto this burger that blow our mind away. If you're a fan of a bacon cheeseburger then make this special request .... skip the bacon and ask for them to use pernil instead .... By far the BEST burger you will EVER have. Had a great time here and can't wait to head back.
Amazing good, great atmosphere waitstaff very attentive. Best place to go to for authentic puerto rican food.
Get the Sangria or Mojito with your food! Do not miss the Paella at this place otherwise you will watch it go by to every other table and kick yourself.  If your not into seafood I would highly recommend the vegetable Paella otherwise get the real deal.  You will not be disappointed.   The grilled steak, pork, chicken, and salmon with chimchurri (ask for it) were cooked perfectly and presented beautifully.  The tostones and yuka chips were also great sides.  If you wanted a hunk of succulent roasted pork do not hesitate and bring your appetite (don't plan on eating all day before you arrive if you plan on eating this without some help).   As for dessert.... Don Coqui will not let you down.  My personal favorite was the guava empanada style dessert that was crispy on the outside and guava sweet on the inside.  The flan was perfect and worthy or several bites.  The tres leches cake was not too sweet and super moist which is hard to achieve.  Sometimes tres leches can be way too sweet but this version was made just right.  My sister loved the chocolate lava cake that was gooey inside and very decadent. End the meal with a cafe con leche or another cocktail and sit back to hear the live music.  Great way to impress a date or try something new for a fun night out.
I totally love this place, amazing food, drinks. The servers are fast and very friendly, my family and i are constantly here. My fave restaurant.
Delicious food, great environment, and exceptional customer service. The wife and I decided to visit for dinner and could not be more pleased with the experience.  The place was quite full but we were fortunate enough to be taken care of by our bartender James.  He had great suggestions for our drinks and meals while providing some conversation so our wait would not be as daunting.   Once our tables were ready Travis provided very quick and friendly service.  I had the Churrasco while my wife had the shrimp Mofongo.  Portions were excellent, not overly large and just enough to hit the spot.  Cesar also provided some assistance at our table given the volume of guest and made some excellent dessert recommendations. I would definitely go again and will be recommending to all of my friends. Keep up the good work.
Ghetto in every way possible. I was awaiting to taste this amazing food that I read reviews about.  2 hours later still waiting because they can't accommodate 15+ people.  To add to the greatness i had to pay 10 dollars for parking and got told I can't go upstairs without coat checking my jacket. I come here for dinner not to dance. I find out it's also a club hahahaha if you are looking to have a nice dinner stay away!!!
I love the coquito here. I drank a bit too much before dinner waiting at the bar for the HUGE dinner party we were attending to all arrive. The food was good. We had a HUGE party we were with and there was a pre fixe menu. So that kinda sucked for me since the two things I had really wanted weren't offered as selections. (I've been to the Don Coqui in Astoria and really liked the food) I have to admit this place gets INSANELY crowded on the weekend, to the point we were eating with people asses in our faces....NOT cool. They cram WAYYY to many people into too small of a space. The staff here were also SUPER rude. I was waiting for my car (they ONLY have valet here, which I never like, I hate being obligated to pay for parking) I was told I couldnt stand and wait in what was seemingly a waiting are near the hostess stand. It wasn't so much that I was told I couldn't be there but more the tone I was told. I will go the Don Coqui, in Astoria, on a weeknight, when it's not crowded and I can enjoy my meal with out someone's ass in my face.
Over rated food and service. The location was hard to find and their signage is so small. The music was the only good thing. Group of 6 ordered drinks and was shocked at the price. They charge gratuity on top of tax on the bill. Waited over 20 minutes for appetizers. When we did get our entrees the food wasn't hot, but luke warm. It was a busy place, but the waiters have poor service. I guess they don't bother giving good service cause the gratuity guarantees their tips.
Travis, thank you for the excellent service last night for the four women celebrating a birthday. You made the night with the helpful selection of the wine, the entrees and the special birthday celebration at the end of our meal. Kudos, this is what makes for a great meal. My only complaint, and you know I made it several times, is the volume of the music, it does not lend itself for good conversation which is the fourth element in a good dining experience. I know the idea is to have people dancing by 9:00pm but there can be a comparable level for all to have an enjoyable time.
I love this place...great puerto rican cuisine, lively atmosphere, and diverse crowd!  Dont come here expecting a traditional american dining experience.  The environment is boisterous, vibrant, and energetic.   I've been here a bunch of times and this place is always very busy so there are some things you have to keep in mind to ensure a successful/enjoyable experience. Parking:  Its very limited and most likely you will have to valet your car so tip the parking attendant as soon as you hand him the keys.  They will park your car closer and it will shorten the amount of time you have to wait for your car to be retrieved when you are ready to go. Food:  Every dish I tried here has been great, but keep in mind that the portions are huge so traditional dishes like paella (which I recommend because its one of the best paella's I ever tasted) can easily be shared by 2 people with big appetites.  And try avoid the appetizer sampler unless you are ordering it for an entire table of 6 or more people and everyone at your table is hungry, because its very costly and you will be surprised by the amount on your bill.   Service:  I've only been here when the place was extremely busy so my experience with the service level is somewhat varied from OK to Not-so-good.  I expect the service to be subpar so Im not surprised when it is, but extremely happy when its good.  The tip is already included in the bill, which I dont like and probably contributes to the inconsistent with service.   After you've eaten, stay a little while and dance...the DJ play all types of good music :-)
I love this place on the first visit yes!! Seen the gift card offer in Costco great deal.  So we decided to go that evening. After reading the reviews I figured I would call for reservation just to see.. well yelpers was right no reservation but the hostess did politely tell me about happy hour which was goinv on until 8:30. Yeah we kinda flew there lol! No fee parking I guess this was becauase it was still happy hour and not club hours. Eveeyone was friendly and polite the bar was popping $6 mojitos/ sangrias cant beat that.. we ran into an issue with the gift card the bartender was confused because it wasnt printing out a recipe so she figured it wasnt working and even told us the gift cards was empty... so as management manually checked all the gift cards along with my Costco recipe luckly I had on me. But they did clear it crisis resolved. About 4 mojitos and an hour later the dining area started to fill so we eneded our happy our time and moved to seating. Our waiter was decent nothing to really note.. but the massive portions from our neighboring diners sparked a humorous conversation on hows hes eating an half of cow.. I guess we was laughing to much because the diners to our right moved there table.. oh well lol Now time for dinner omg I had the seafood stew oh my fringing goodnesa is was so creamy and rich make you wanna slao your momma!! No really!!.. my friend ordered the seafood paella a look of defeat came in his face lol he was full before he started.. just say hia left overs provided lunch for 3 people. ... The massive drink "the bulldog" is not for the light hearted or for beginners!  With a $41 price tag it was well worth it.. fyi I didnt order it but I did taste some it from my friend. . One of us had to remain sober lol Cant wait to go back.. definitely during happy hour.. I can see this place getting packed and I dont like big crowds so I will stick to the earlier times.
I have been to Don Coqui a few times (7-8) over several years and the place always exceeds my expectations. The ambience is inviting, the decor is clean, minimal yet contemporary, the wait staff is very friendly, the drinks are good, the prices are fair and the food is delicious. The two floored venue is large so the wait times are not extended. I have been to DQ for lunch, dinner, after work functions, drinks and dancing. Always a great time. This is one of the best Puerto Rican restaurants in NYC. I've tried Mofongo con Pernil - Amazing Churassco (medium) - Tender, juicy and very well-seasoned Pernil - Very tender and juicy Bistec Encebollado - Tender with the right amount of oil, vinegar and onions Appitizer Paltter - a Cornucopia of taste Sangria - Great taste and the liquor sneaks up on you Tres Leches - Mmmm if I still have room
This place is just amazing.. This is the original Don Coqui but have also been to the Astoria restaurant as well. Both are just as delicious. Items i have ordered previously: Shredded Pernil wrapped in Yuca (App) Ropa Vieja Pernil (entree) Mofongo One bad thing is this place get jam packed and the wait can get a little crazy - so prepare yourself and go early because reservations will only be taken for a party bigger than 6.
Hubby and son took me to this restaurant for my birthday, it was hard to find since in the web and in this site it has the wrong number address, we were using navigation from the car, my phone and hubby's phone to get there, and no luck until we finally asked another driver and gave us directions how to get there. When you valet parking your car, and go up some stairs to get to the main entrance, you open the door and there's a lady doing coat check, after taking coats, she then told us we can walk to the right and go upstairs in an elevator, we wasnt sure what floor we needed to go, so hubby just pressed one of the numbers, when the elevator stopped it says in the door knock before opening door..lol, well hubby did, a guy opened the elevator door hubby asked..it is in here?( meaning the rest)..he answered yes!  I thought he get asked that a lot. After inside the place is a big loft space. With chairs and tables decorated in white color, you can also see the kitchen which is in the open just with glass covering. Which I thought was cool! and the ceiling you can see a bunch of wood and stuff since its a loft. Wasnt pack that day which it was on sun, march 17, so just few tables with people around us, the waiter was courteous and can say helpful..sorry dont remember his name. But he were attentive without disturbing, he told us what drink are the popular there, hubby got a big peach drink, which was good. And I got the cocotini I think is the name topped with coconut flakes, and was delicious..a creamy drink. We also when for their fixed menu they have on the tables, which includes familiar appetizer, main course and desert. Too much food tho, when I saw the bowl where they served me my paella I was about to faint.( I was just eating too much from the appetizer). Hubby had seafood in sauce. We ended not eating desert and taking all that food home. I was... omg all this food, hubby say, well we can shopping here. Overall ended paying $90+ and plus 20 tip for waiter.Its an ok place but nothing different from other places I've been to.
I had a family dinner here for Mother's Day. It was great. From the drinks to appetizers to the main course everything was so yummy. The empanadas were a hit they didn't last long at all. My sister & I shared the mango bulldog with 2 coronas in it. The cup was huge. I don't even think we finished it but it was excellent. My main course was the pernil rice & beans with the potato salad. So so good. Had to take my food home because the portions are huge. The service was great.
I called Don Coqui to make a reservation for 5 when I was told I really didn't need one, since it was a tuesday night. I then proceeded to tell her that I had a groupon for 4 but my son would make 5 and we would order his separate plate . The manager Jaleene was so unprofessional about it and told me to come back when I only have 4 people. i told her we would pay for a plate for him and she said no, that she my groupon would be voided.. I asked to speak to a manager and she said she was the manager. I couldn't understand why she had a nasty attitude. She told me that I was on the phone with her for 6min talking about  trying to get my son to sit at the table with us like she couldn't be bothered. She offered no solution but to come back when i had 4 people. I fellt horrible after that phone call. All I wanted to do was take my family out to dinner and I ended up being told off by an unprofessional so called manager. I will not be coming here!!!!
If you want to have a good time, this is the place to be! I've always experienced a great time with friends and the food is delicious! They have a great DJ that has us dance all night.
The very first time I went I had an amazing salad and drinks. The second time was horrible. For the money we spent we received a platter of dried up appetizers, the first waitier( we switched tables) got my drink completely wrong, I told him that it was not what I wanted and did not like the warm drink enough to tolerate it. He harassed me for the 12 dollars as if I was leaving, and never offered a new drink, I was blown!!! The second waiter was much better, patient, knowledgable. With that visit I would not say I won't give the Coqui a second chance but I'll def bring it to the attention of management right away. Well not the female hostess that stands there and side eyes you as if she just caught you with her husband, I'll approach someone with a smile that's happy that customers are patronizing and appreciates our Buisness. (So tacky!)
The Don Coqui's been around for a few years now. I've been here for several occasions, but never for my birthday. Since my first place of choice was 'physically' closed, I decided to come here with the parents, so we can appreciate another culture's offerings. Being that I've been, I know their Sangria is wicked...being the designated driver, the parents ill-advised the wicked Sangria (dammit!). Also, I forewarned them that the portions are LARGE. Let's skip appetizers, and order our entrees. "You sure?" "Trust me". Thank God they listened because we came home with doggy bags. If you know my family, we hardly ever do! Papa ordered the Pernil with Arroz con Gandules ($24). Mom and I split the Crab-stuffed Lobster, which comes with Yuca Mash and Mofongo ($70). In addition to singing to me over Tres Leches cake, you always receive complimentary shots of Coquito (Puerto Rican spiked eggnog). And I was tipped off by a fellow Sagittarian that if you EAT there on your ACTUAL birthday, you get $25 off your bill. We walked out not only with our bellies full, but with extra money in our pocket, and a new-found appreciation for upscale Spanish food.
Went there with a friend for her birthday.  Great environment,  great service,  and most of all excellent food. Planning my own birthday there.
Great place !!  Love both locations !!!   The only place I go to ... to eat Puerto Rican Authentic food !!!  My absolute favorite is the Churrasco steak &/or Salmon with the Yuca mash !!! The service is great and I always have a great time !!!
Went to the white plains a location had 10 people set menu amazing food the night club was amazing the most amazing birthday ever really know how to treat customers great service amazing atmosphere
I danced, danced, and danced; the DJ was great...kept us on the dance floor and catered to its crowd. The food was also awesome. I would visit this place again whenever I am in NY.
I'm not sure if I was cranky on my first visit here, or maybe because they seated me so close to the speakers it scrambled my brain. But I went back a second time for the seafood stew and everything was utterly amazing! I was sure the seafood stew was the best item on the menu. But man o man if you are a meat lover u must try the skirt steak. I've been to almost all the steak houses and restaurants in NY and this was definitely top 5. Perfect medium right through. Melt in your mouth tenderness. Just unbelievable. Paired with the pitcher of peach mojito I couldn't have asked for anything more.
I've been here on numerous occasions and they never disappoint. The service is great, I've never experienced a long wait to be seated. The food is Banging!!!!!  I love their churassco and fried yucita! At night it turns into a lounge, so be sure to dress casual. In the winter they have free coat check, which is always a plus if you plan on dancing. The only annoying thing is the wait time for the valet parking. You have no choice but to valet park here, so expect to wait a while on your vehicle. However  the experience  is worth the wait!
Im have only been to the club part, not the restaurant. The club is OK, Lacks AC in all areas, music is the same every week, A good mix of people from all races. Overall fun and its free. Parking is a problem but Valet is there and is the only choice. Anyone can get in, no dress code since its a rest also. DJ plays 1 hour of each type of music..
Went here last night with my hubby.  He ordered the Ropa Vieja and I ordered the Pernil.  The wait was pretty long, about 15-20 minutes for appetizers and another 15-20 for entrees.  Mind you the restaurant was not packed... Finally got our entrees and they literally gave me 1/4 of a pig... the portion was ridiculous... but unfortunatly my pernil was dry... would suggest they serve it with a sauce or a mojo... The food was OK... I have had better food from a small hole in the wall spanish take out joint.  But I understand the people go there for the atmosphere, the music was pumping... and the scene was nice. BIG TURNOFF... around 7:45PM the waiter comes with our check and I look at him and say oh we werent done yet we want more drinks.  He tells me well they are about to move your table so its not really worth it.  He saw the look on my face and then told me if you really want the drink I can get it... but they are still going to ask you to move.  I looked at him gave him my credit card and said im done, we are leaving thanks.   Ok I am in the hospitality industry... and when someone wants to spend more money at your establishment you do not turn them away! Especially on alcohol purchases since the profit margin on drinks is high... Would only go there for drinks next time and will sit at the bar and avoid the tables.
I am not one to eat other people's potato salad however their Pernil, Rice and Potatoe salad were delicious! I rate their Cheesecake Flan 5 stars. The atmosphere was great and so we're the waiters, I will definitely come again.
I have my share of experiences going into restaurant/lounges...... and this one is simply a disgrace. I decided to go here with a group of friends to celebrate a bday and wow we were simply surprised....... but not a good surprised..... more of a dissapointment..... I was expecting more from this place.  First of all the hostess on the second floor (ghetto as can be) was so unprofessional...... from the way she spoke to the way she dressed  :( Its amazing how such a nice looking place can present itself in such a negative way!!!!!! Anyways the hostess told us we were going to be seated within 20 mins and it took them 2 hrs to seat us... once we got seated we waited for ever to recieve our menus and water...... We ordered a plate of mixed appetizers and it wasnt all that... alot of food but the flavor was no where near typical puerto rican seasoning. :( overall, I am just disgusted and dissapointed by this place. I will never go there again!!!!!!!!
If you're into eating good Puerto Rican food in what I call a club setting, hence the guy who takes your photo upon sitting (very tacky), then this is the place for you! At the end of the day, it is just rice, beans, steak and or seafood which doesn't warrant it's price of $80.00 for 1app and two entrees but I can not complain about the taste.  I guess what I couldn't get over was that I could've easily taken a 15 min ride to my mothers and gotten the same meal for free. :) Not worth returning but if I had to, I wouldn't complain.   P.s. The Sangria was good.
The place is great.  The food is very good and you get your moneys worth.  The bar is a little pricey but the bartenders are great.  If you go early have dinner then stay for the party you will have a great night.
My family and I ate here last night while celebrating my mother-in-law's birthday.  I always drove past this spot and wondered about trying it out and never did before last night.  They have valet parking and coat check which is a plus.  On the first floor, they have what looks like a test kitchen and separate dining area.  I am not sure about this but I think they may offer interactive cooking parties.  We walked in around 6:45 in the evening and were seated right away which was great because soon after, the place got packed!  Our server was very accommodating and he also had multiple runners to assist him so we never really wanted for anything during our meal. ON TO THE FOOD: Ok....so, firstly, I would say that whatever is being offered that isn't on the menu, definitely ASK for the price before ordering.  The server was explaining the day's specials to us and because we were a 6-top, he suggested that we get the family-style appetizer to share.  I wish he would have been a bit more forthcoming about the details around this particular appetizer.  It ended up being a full meal on its own, costing a whopping $90 which we found out after receiving the bill. The first platter portion of the family app (yes, I said FIRST platter) was a combination of various Empanadas, Fried Calamari, Fried Chicken pieces and Fried Pork pieces.  The second plate had Tostones with various toppings of pork, steak, cod fish and shrimp.  These two plates were really good. I loved the cod fish-topped tostones and the shrimp empanadas the best.  Yea, so I am not done explaining this giant appetizer platter....The third plate had these Breaded Baked Clams.  Um, yea...not that great.  They tasted uncooked, very fishy.  I think they were trying to go for an oyster oreganata-type dish but missed the mark.  The last plate had some Pork Sausages but I don't eat pork and am not sure how they tasted.  They were almost done by the time we all finished the appetizer so they must have been good. Now, on to the entrees.  I ordered their signature Paella.  I asked them not to put in chorizo or chicken and they complied with no hesitation.  The dish was very good and a very large portion for $26.  There were large shrimp, clams, mussels, calimari and even a half of a lobster in the shell.  I just wish I still had room in my belly after that humongous appetizer to finish my entree.  Both, hubby and son ordered the Churrasco which came with black bean rice and chimichurri sauce.  I had a bite....AMAZING.  They cooked the steaks to order and the temps were perfect.  The others in our party had the Porterhouse Steak, Shrimp Scampi and Grilled Salmon entrees and everyone enjoyed their meals. In my opinion, I would love try out Don Coqui again but I will be better informed when I return.  One appetizer, if any, to share between two of us, and an entree per person, is plenty enough for a filling meal here.  I enjoyed the food.  For the most part, it tasted good but the price of the family-size app was outrageous and had we known about the cost and size of it, we would not have ordered it.
Veggie paella was outstanding and huge (got 3 meals out of it) but the lobster was $70! Ask for prices of specials before ordering.
Been here a bunch of times..my wife and i always go out every weekend and find ourselves always coming back to don coqui in new rochelle.what more can we say ..The food is delious and whatever drink we order from James the bartender he nails it..Also the best sangria and mojitos on the east coast
A friend and I went for an early dinner to this lovely restaurant.  I picked her up in the Bronx and it was a quick ride to Don Coqui.  My car was valeted and we went upstairs.  This used to be a factory of some sort and the metal stairway and exposed brick walls lend an industrial air to the place.   We were seated at a table and right away there was the air of island charm.  I've been fortunate enough to have traveled to PR several times.  It feels like Old San Juan without the heat.  There are lovely white tables and cushioned booths against the wall.  Of course, you have the requisite potted palms.   The service is first class all the way.   Our San Pelligrino was served like fine wine would have been and even placed in a wine chiller on a pedestal stand by our table.   We were at a loss trying to decide on an appetizer and entree.  Everything sounded so mouth wateringly good!  The people next to us had 4 appetizers.  It looked so tempting that I lost track of my manners and stared at all that was on their table.  Embarrassing!   Calamari Salad: fried calamaris on top of mixed, dressed greens Tostones (twice fried plantain slices) with various toppings:   pernil-perfectly flavored baby shrimp- in a strange bland creamy sauce, very dissapointing and an insult to shrimp everywhere beef-tasted like ropa vieja, tasty bacalao-cooked salted codfish on top of a tostone?  Made me crave bacalaitos, but pretty good nonetheless Yuca wrapped pernil with sauce made of its drippings- I asked the waitor if the sauce was low fat, haha.  Delicious though!   By this time, we were so full that it took all that I had within me to eat dessert.  I chose the coconut flan which we split along with some coffee.  Then I started craving Tembleque.  Anyway, the flan was kind of gelatinous and not that "eggy".  It was sprinkled with toasted coconut.   Our waiter gave us 2 little glasses of coquito.  And trust me, there was plenty of rum in there.  I was driving so I couldn't drink much of it.   I'm glad  we went the route of several appetizers rather than giant portioned entrees.   It gave us the chance to try a few things without taking home bags of leftovers. The only complaint I have is when we recieved the check.   They tacked on 2 things that added up to an extra $20.  Had I had the coquito, I would have lost the capacity to add up the bill and paid for the waiter's mistake.  I still was generous and over-tipped him but I will see for next time, to see if this overcharging is a trend.   As we were leaving, the band was setting up.  Wednesday is Latin Jazz Night.  I plan on coming back on a Thursday for Salsa Night.  The restaurant started getting packed and noisy so I think its definitely going to be a hot place to hang, especially for the summer.
Came here on Saturday night with my best friend and her husband. We waited an hour for the table, which sucked but it was 9pm on a Saturday and we didn't have a reservation so that was on us. The music is great here. I felt like I was at a family party, very comfortable. It gets VERY loud but I loved it, again like a family party, everyone's had a few drinks and likes to sing-a-long to the music. If you want an intimate date come here early and don't complain that it's too loud later on or that they play Spanish music (really?). The bread they bring out for the table is yummy and the virgin Pina Colada I had was delicious! I had the grilled shrimp with yuca mash which was very satisfying, I admittedly always count the number of shrimp I get at any restaurant and they are very generous. My friend had the plantain red snapper which was flavorful also. Her husband had this gargantuan sized paella, I don't eat pork so I didn't try it but next time I will definitely order one sin chorizo. For dessert we had the tres leches which was pretty awesome. Overall I think the place is reasonably priced for the portions you get, can't wait to try some of their white sangria, another couple said it was delicious. Her husband had two mixed drinks that were okay at $9 each. My only complaint would be the bathroom. Two stalls for a ladies' room is a no-no. Especially since this place got packed as the night went on. Other than that, the staff were all very friendly and I can't wait to go back and try the paella!
the food is great, the service is great, but the groupon is not worth it !!! do not buy the groupon! !!!
Don Coqui is in an old ammunition factory so the space is pretty cool - two floors, one of which is used as a dining area, the other which is a big kitchen used for cooking classes.  It's a great space and all through dinner we kept commenting it'd be a perfect place to rent out - whether for a bridal shower, anniversary party, etc. We decided to have the chef pick our courses for us, and we found the food to be delicious.  First up we had crispy plantains, one topped with shrimp and one with steak.  The shrimp was in a creamy sauce and it was excellent, as was the beef.  I'm not too adventurous when it comes to plantains, but it was definitely a different way of eating, as opposed to a piece of bread or a chip.  I'll admit I didn't finish the entire plantain, but the shrimp and steak were great. On to the next course - a watercress, avocado and tomato salad with queso blanco and a house vinaigrette, which was a vodka dressing.  I enjoyed all the toppings on the salad, thought the vinaigrette was good, and liked the combination of it all together.  Watercress can be difficult to eat though, so if you were going out on a first date or an office function, I'd maybe get an appetizer or something else instead. The next dish was our favorite.  Out came a plantain crusted broiled Alaskan king crab leg, and a plantain crusted broiled clam.  It was perfect timing, considering my friend revealed he never had king crab legs before.  Both were soaked in butter, the crab was so sweet and the plantains were a great alternative to bread crumbs. As we made our way to the entrees, Chef Stephanie warned us that these were only a third of the size of the typical plates.  She wasn't kidding.  When we saw what "real" portions looked like, let's just say my friend commented that these could feed a family of five.  If you are the kind of person who wants to bring home leftovers - for your entire family - this is the place for you.  These portions were unlike anything I've seen before.  For example, the roasted pork Don Coqui presents its diners with is the whole leg. We were served the plantain crusted red snapper fillet with yuca mash.  I enjoyed the fillet, but my friend wasn't as big of a fan.  Again, thought the plantain crust was a nice alternative, and my fish was perfectly cooked.  My friend and I both agreed though that we weren't loving the main side.  Yuca is another root vegetable and it was yucky (I know, I'm a dork).  It felt like eating glue.  If you've never tried yuca before, I'd say skip it and get another side dish instead. We then tried the roasted pork with plantains and pigeon pea rice, which is rice with black beans.  I really enjoyed this dish, and thought it was great even the next day when I had it as leftovers for lunch.  The pork was very tender, and we later found out it had been braised for close to 6 hours.  The rice and black beans were my favorite side dish, so maybe this could be your Yuca replacement! By this time, I already had to slowly slide my tights down a bit because I felt so incredibly full.  However, dessert was on its way.  We had a trio of desserts - coconut sorbet, tres leche cake and a cheese flan.  I think cheese flan was my favorite - it felt like a very rich, thick vanilla pudding.  The coconut sorbet was very refreshing as well and the tres leche cake was so moist, that I had a difficult time figuring out what my second favorite dessert was.  Unfortunately, I couldn't finish either, so I'll need another trip to Don Coqui to crown a second-place winner. Throughout the dinner, a mixologist kept bringing us drinks.  We had El Encanto (a bellini type drink), pear mojitos, a pineapple mojito and a mango mojito.  Honestly, I was so focused on the food I kept forgetting to drink (and the mixologist kept yelling at me to drink, bringing me back to my sorority days) but I liked the El Encanto a lot since I love anything with champagne and my friend loved the pear mojitos.  The pineapple mojito was a tad too sweet for me. As we left the restaurant, we stopped in and saw a cooking class.  The food that was being prepared looked great, and unlike other cooking classes I've been to in the city, this was relatively affordable, with most classes around $85.  Upcoming classes include sushi & sake, and cooking with champagne.  There's also cooking classes for kids, if anyone is interested in taking a niece or nephew.
Excellent food, good drinks but expensive.  Bring plenty of money, soda at the bar is $6.  No joke. This is a great place for a birthday or get together with friends.  It gets very crowded though so make those reservations or you won't have anywhere to sit.  The entrees are delicious and you should have plenty of leftovers for the next day.   Great hospitality and a mature hispanic/caribbean crowd.  Mostly popular latin music, salsa and merengue.  Bring the friends that know how to MAKE a great time, not demand one.  Go get your dance on!
Warning! Do not go here if you are boring, cheap, impatient and/or have an overall disdain for Latin culture... I really can't understand some the negative reviews.  Are drinks expensive? A little. Does it get crowded and noisy? Yes. Will you have to wait up to an hour for a table? Possibly.  However, at least from my experience, the food is delicious, plentiful and served by a very friendly and attentive waitstaff. If you have to wait for a table hang at the bar and have a shot with a pack of sexy Spanish chicks or dressy businessman looking for a fun night out.   As far as the food goes, my wife is puerto rican so dc gets the authenticity stamp.  Although a bit fancier than her families cooking, the portions are the same.. Huge! Although some reviewers have inexplicably complained about this, I welcome them as tomorrows leftovers.  I've had everything from the flinstones style pernil, to the snapper, steak, and apps... All delish. Overall, it's a great atmosphere, food is fantastic and service is good.  It might not be for some people, but I personally look forward to my next visit.
While at the club, the DJ announced that the kitchen would be open for another 15 minutes (closes at 2AM), so my friend and I rushed to the bar to order some appetizers.  We ordered the beef and chicken empanadas and they were amazing. Its great that the kitchen stays open until 2AM on Fridays and Saturday nights.   As for the club,  it gets very crowded and it becomes difficult to travel through the crowd to go back and forth to the bar.  Every time I'm there, I feel like I am always being pushed and shoved.  The crowd is pretty diverse and they play a great variety of music.  Also, no cover charge.
Went here with a friend on a Thursday night, before Halloween weekend. It was my first time having Puerto Rican food, so I can't really compare it to anything else, but as a dining experience in itself, this place was really good. We had the clams as an appetizer. They were amazing. I find myself craving them every now and again, but unfortunately I live across the country :( The portions were absolutely HUGE and I'm not a skimpy eater either. I had the Churrasco for my main entree and ended up taking half of my plate home. I typically don't like red sangria, but theirs were very good - not too sweet and not too strong. The atmosphere was very nice as well, but it started to get pretty loud around 9:30. Can't really complain though, by then we were tipsy enough from the sangrias to enjoy watching everyone dance. The only negative thing I can even really say, is that the later it got into the evening, the more difficult it became to get our waiter to pay attention to us.
Nice atmosphere, nice decor, like the music. But for a place that has so much, including chuchi valet parking, the food should have been phenomenal, and it wasn't. The appetizers were better than the entrees. My bf even had to send his shrimp mofongo back to the kitchen, it tasted awful. The paella was more about spice than flavor, and the shrimp in it were tough and rubbery. They totally hit us over the head with the appetizer sampler. $105, are you kidding? I don't think if you bought what the sampler had a la carte it would have cost that much, holy cow. Save your money and stay local, you can find much better Latin cuisine that's not nearly as expensive. Not worth the trip to New Rochelle.
This place was good, the food was good, but not the mind-blowing Caribbean food you can get at some dive in the Bronx or Queens. I think you are just paying for the atmosphere which is great. I think the drinks are nice and strong and the service was very good, our waiter was very helpful in guiding us through the menu. Our favorite dishes were the clams and the paella. A little heavy handed on the salt, but that's ok, I love salt in my food!
Don Coqui should be ashamed.... On this VERY cold NY day I was craving Sancocho. Since I was in New Rochelle getting my nails done, I decided to place a to go order for some Sancocho. I received my order which for the price and amount I received, was amazing. The flavor and quart size container for $7 was so reasonable I was floored and almost ordered two but I refrained. It all went downhill when I decided to get a side order of white rice. I was FLOORED when they brought out a small chinese soup plastic container of white rice for $5. REALLY for white rice, this is insane.  I could've gotten a pint of white rice from the Chinese restaurant for $2 or heck even waited the 20 minutes to make a pot of rice at home for $1. The Sancocho is great but the disappointed in their prices for rice. I mean come on you make huge pans of rice for only dollars. Makes me sick.
1. Great Venue & Ambiance 2. Great to celebrate with both small and large groups of friends/family 3. Food portions are HUGE, you will definitely need to take the majority of it home 4. Sangrias are very well made, and strong 5. if you are planning on eating dinner on a busy night, make sure you are there early because it gets very loud
House band has to be on point.  Good old skool music.  Food great as well.  Don't sleep on the house band.
Great atmosphere..great food!  Shredded roasted pork over rigatoni is fantastic!! Must try!!
I went there this past weekend and the food was amazing... I like sweet drinks and the waiter said the passion fruit mojito was the sweetest n pretty good but i didnt like it... 1 drink i did try was the mango frozen margarita n tht was really good. I had the pernil and the portion was huge n it was soooooooo good :) The club scene there was also very good... It wa a mixed crowd and the DJ was on point the entire night from spanish music to reggae to music from the 80's... My feet was killing but i didnt want to leave becuz i was having so much fun with my gf lol... I will go there again.. I loveddd tht they played a variety of music and it was just perfect!!! Thumbs up to DON COQUI keep doing ur thing The only downside is the valet parking *yikes* it does take a while for you to get your vehicle when ur leaving if it wasnt so cold and if my feet werent hurting mayb i wouldnt of mind lol but thts the only complaint i have... U cant have it all :) awesome place for gf's to hang out to dance or dinner or a couple!
Giving 2 stars only because of a prior dining experience that was OK. My friend and I went to Don Coqui for a drink late two Saturday nights ago. We got there around 12:15 and waited on the line for parking for about 10 minutes. The valet guy parked my car in front, gave me the keys and told us to have a good time. We went upstairs and 5 minutes later I felt someone tap my shoulder. It was the valet guys telling me he forgot to charge me for parking and it was $20. That is ridiculous for parking!!!! Low and behold we paid the valet guy and headed to the bar for a drink. There was a private birthday party going on with a very loud DJ. If we knew that there was going to be a million people dancing around us while we were trying to enjoy our drinks we wouldn't have come. The sangria was TOO sweet and didn't taste right. We drank our drinks and left. Someone should have let us know that there was a party going on before we paid $20 for parking and bad drinks. We won't be going back. Once we left, we sat in my car for 15 minutes due to other cars being in the way and too much traffic. I would have rather parked on North Avenue and walked all the way to Don Coqui rather than the $20 i spent to park my car and sit in it longer than I was actually at the restaurant for. Awful
Food was delicious....service today was extremely horrible...Waiter was in such a rush....I understand your busy but come on. No napkins no water....ugh he annoyed me.... hopefully we get a diff waiter next time. Oh there Is also a groupon: Party of 4-85$ w a bottle of wine! Check it out.
My girlfriends and I came on a Tuesday for a birthday dinner.....and Im soooooo glad we did. I was the first to arrive (as usual -_-), so I took a seat at the bar, and looked at their drink menu...  I wasnt sure what to get because the drinks looked so good, but the bartender recommended the Coquitini..OMG it was delicious!!!!  It was like a really strong coquito drink...they add crispy coconut flakes, but I decided to not have them. Forward 20 minutes: My friends finally arrive, and we are all starving, so we planned on having a hefty meal.  We each ordered an appetizer: chicharron de pollo (fried chicken chunks),  Shredded Roast Pork (Pernil) Wrapped in Crispy Thin Yuca, and the Green Plantains Topped with Steak.  All of the were very good, except that the steak was a bit on the salty side (and I love salt, so it must have been really salty for me to notice).  The portions were much bigger than we expected, and we decided to hold off on ordering entrees for a bit. We got lucky as it was Karaoke Tuesday (as it usually is) and there were some pretty good regulars...They also have a competition, and the winner gets a gift card to use towards dinner. After a few more coquitinis, and margharitas, and shots (oh boy) we were hungry again, but decided to share a churrasco with rice and beans....everything was really good, I would have eaten the entire thing by myself...and the beans (I love black beans) I could have eaten by themselves.....yummmm The space is amazing, very open and fresh, clean white drapes, hardwood floor, natural light, I loved it. Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely be returning...  Shout out to Brenda the hot amazing bartender, and Jimmy & Joe, great guys!
Amazing service, amazing food, beautiful environment, beautiful music, perfect presentation. They even added a side table to our table just so our table wasn't overwhelmed
Heard about this place from a girlfriend who is a fellow foodie, so when Living Social rolled out a voucher for one of the cooking classes that usually goes for $65 and up, I jumped at the chance to go to there Tapas, Sangria &  Mojito Party. The group was interesting to say the least, but extremely fun. It was a fantastic evening had by all with free flowing drinks, great conversation and awesome tasting food made by us under the very watchful eye of the adorable Chef Jack D'Angelo. And if left overs and great company wasn't enough, we decided to go upstairs to have dinner and yet more drinks. The waiter staff was surprisingly attentive among a bustling atmosphere of music and lively dining area, and even though I didn't have a chance to taste my girlfriend's paella it looked and smelled heavenly and I must say I enjoyed the taste of my seafood salad of which I had leftovers to enjoy for a few more days. Overall Don Coqui's is now on my list of fav restaurants that I look forward to frequenting over and over again.
I ate at Don Coqui last night (a Thursday). It was my first time there. We were immediately offered salsa lessons upon entering, but our party was there to eat, not dance. Maybe some other time... Anyway, for dinner we had a variety of dishes, most rice based with either a meat or fish. A few notes... the prices at DC are fairly expensive. BUT, you get massive portions of food. Each main entree could easily feed three people... the Aroz con Pollo dish was served in a dish so large you could probably bathe in it. My problem is that the dishes are like 90% rice, so $20+ for an entree that is a few pieces of protein and then almost all rice, it's a little pricey no matter how large the portions are. Also, if you're with a party of 4 or more, they automatically add on a 20% tip. Which i like so i dont have to do any math... i'm just glad i noticed before i accidentally left a 40% tip Another slight problem i had was our waiter, who appeared twice... once to take our drink order, and again for our meal order, then never came back until bringing us the bill (to which we had to wave him down, for as almost 30 mins of us sitting at an empty table had passed). When i finished my beer, a busboy took the empty bottle and glass, and no one ever came back to ask me if i wanted another. Just little things that annoy me at restaurants. So i guess the food, though pricey, was delicious, and the service was half-assed at best for us.
This place has a reputation that precedes it and thus gave the impression that it is over rated...my paella was pretty lackluster...the rice was tasty but the seafood lacked flavor and almost felt like they belonged to a different dish...on the other hand my cousin ordered a skirt steak and it was delicious...the fried shrimp---not so much....my grandmother loved her pernil but that doesn't say much...mom didn't seemed impressed with her dish either she stuck with chicken and rice after finding out that all of the beans were prepared with pork....the ambiance was cool...I think I'm a bit biased because I'd heard so many rave reviews that I expected to have my socks knocked off...my waiter was a five star guy and as you can read I'm pretty critical...overall this place is cool for date night or dinner with a friend just don't expect to have a party in your mouth...
You walk into this place and you feel like you are in Southbeach.  The place is beautiful and so are all the people who go there.  I met up with a large group of people on a Saturday night for a late night dinner.  Be prepared to wait for a table because this places is packed with patrons eating dinner.  There is a large bar and lounge area to have some drinks while you are waiting for a table.  Later in the night, the wait staff clear some tables near the bar and make room for a dance floor.  Then the d.j. comes and plays a great mixture of music while you are eating or dancing.  So just go to the bar area have a drink and dance a little while you are waiting for your table.  I had a glass of white sangria.  That glass was huge and tasty. When we finally sit down at the large round table, the huge plates of food start coming out.  A giant platter of mixed appetizers came out first.  Fried empanadas are to die for, chicharron are crispy and delicious, shredded perinl on crostini was OMG good, fried calamari were crispy and not greasy and the baked clams with some kind of creamy sauce were tasty and tender. Then the monster size main courses come out for everyone to eat family style.  Pernil was garlicky and tender, paella with lobser was yummy, the grilled skirt steak with chimmichurri sauce was tender and delicious.  There is meat, rice and beans everywhere.  I've died and gone to Puerto Rican heaven. Then at the end of the meal the tres leches cake was so amazing, I loved it and the coconut flan was decent.  I just personally do not pieces of coconut in the smooth flan.  Then my new friends have the waiter come with a birthday flan to me with a lit candle and a big happy birthday song.  Such a sweet ending to a great night. There is a ten dollar charge for parking your car, so be prepared to pay for parking..
Came here on a Saturday night for a date. The place is decorated very SoBe chic. The service was really great and attentive and even the people in the neighboring tables were friendly engaging us in conversation (yes you are that close that people think they need to be your friend). I didn't like that it looks as if you walk into a kitchen, honestly, I thought I had; but they have private cooking classes and one was going on at that moment. A little distracting and not good for ambiance. When you get upstairs there is just too much going on...are you a club/lounge or restaurant. It was a bit schizophrenic...make up your mind. I really don't want to yell at my date, not yet anyway! Bistek encebollada was excellent. Mofongo was mediocre and fish dish and yuca mash just ok. I agree with other reviewer who likes Sofritos food better. I prefer Sazon. Sad, but choices for upscale Puerto Rican cuisine are limited in this town ( go figure we use to be the largest Latino minority), so I will be back to bring my mami for a special occasion.... I will try to convince her to have the steak!
I really hate the parking situation here, but that's one of the few bad things I can say about Don Coqui. I really love everything else. The service is great. The waiters are attentive. The place has class (I mean, they scrape the crumbs of your tablecloth). Oh, and the food is outstanding and comes in heaping portions. My favorite dish: the cazuela. This is a seafood stew that just blows my mind. It comes in a spicy sauce made creamy by sweet coconut milk and has just about every sea critter you can imagine. There's meaty lobster, calamari, shrimp, and clams. It's a smorgasbord of textures and tastes that blend so well with the sauce, to the point where I want to order the dish again mid-way through the meal. As for the other dishes, the churrasco here is delicious and massive. The pernil, ditto. The fried calamari is great and is enhanced by the great dipping sauce it comes with. The empanadas are a bit expensive as an appetizer, but one taste and you'll quickly ignore the price. Oh, and the sangria here is reliable, will get you nice, and flows freely here. I've come to a few parties here, and the party platters they serve here are outstanding. On my most recent visit around Christmastime, I had the privilege of trying the fried, breaded clams (or were they oysters or mussels? I always get those three confused) and I'm pretty sure there was crack sprinkled on top because I couldn't stop eating them. They were ridonculous. I will say that this place gets pretty wild later on in the evenings and the music can get loud, so the earlier you come the better if you're just seeking food. The music selection is usually pretty good, a mix of old school r&b, hip-hop and different types of Latin music.
Can you say portion size? You might say this place is pricey, but one meal easily doubles as tomorrow's lunch. The atmosphere is VERY festive.  A random Thursday evening is like you are dining at a night club. The atompshere is extremely loud, you will probably lose your voice, once you leave this place (by only talking to the person across the table from you) As previously mentioned, the food comes in HUGE portions. I was full from the empananda appetizers, which were split between three people. BTW, those empanandas were AMAZING. They are the best Iv ever tasted. Those, in combination with the special sauce creates an out of this world experience. The bread was great as well. It was warm and tasty. It reminded of my love for pre-dining bread. I got the mofongo. It was my first mofongo, so I had nothing to compare it too, but it was pretty delicious, maintained consistency, and was still good the next day. Comparatively, it looks kind of small, but eating it, definitely didn't feel small. My mother got the oxtail A+, My brother got the pork chops which were also an A+. At the advice of Yelp!, I ordered the Don Cocqui sangria. I was not a fan. It tasted like they added some unnecessary liqueur. I should've stuck with regular sangria. My mom got the pina colada, which she felt was pre-mixed. My brother got the Sea Breeze, which he enjoyed. The service was the best part for me. Our waiter was both knowledgeable and patient. He made sure we were happy throughout the night, he cleaned our table after every dish, and he did other "little" things that enhanced the experience of the night. The worst part of the night was the valet. In going and coming, they were pretty back up. The line to get the valet was very long, and the line for the car return was longer. I believe we waited more then twenty minutes for our car. There went his tip. Overall, it was a great and fun night. If you go to drink, make sure you bring your extra bucks, they are kind of expensive. But the music and atmosphere is invigorating enough, you many not have time to imbibe if your talking, dancing, or delighting in the music.
The food is good to above average.  I like all the dishes I have ordered especially the pernil. I like food that is seasoned but is not salty! The food taste fresh and the plating is also well done, Even if you are not hunger you will be tempted to eat! I found I enjoy eating here more during the week because during Friday and Saturday service and to some extent the plating of the food does seem to be lacking as compared to the weekday. The ambience is nice but can get crowded and somewhat nosy but that is to be expected!  I would go back but just not during the weekends. It can be a nice spot for a date night or girls night.  It does need to improve somewhat in the area of customer service since some staff are friendly and more helpful than others.
We went in a large group with a reservation for a birthday. We waited over an hour for our table to be cleared out from when it was reserved. When we did sit down- they had custom little menu's with the Birthday Girl's name on top. Cute. Glad to have had a detailed menu with descriptions because the music was so loud - you couldn't hear the waiters 90% of the time. Also resulting in you screaming to talk to your friends whom are all sitting within a few feet. It was very packed in the bar and lounge area! The DJ was good...and across from him by the window, there was a percussionist playing to the music streaming by the DJ. Food was great - but each dish could feed a whole family. The leftovers lasted me 2 days! Far too much food...and the appetizers already filled us up! White Sangria was GREAT. Valet is free before 11. YAY. Takes a long time to get your car afterward. NAY Don Coqui is right off the highway. Looks a bit like a factory from outside. Coat Check on first floor before going upstairs - Yay. No coats would have fit upstairs - possible Nay.
Came here on a Tuesday night with the family for my father's birthday. My sister had the "Don Coqui Paella with Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Lobster, Chicken and Chorizo" (probably the best out of all our plates) which could probably feed three people, seriously. My mom and I ordered the "Braised Oxtail (Rabo Guisado) with White Rice and Avocado" since we heard good things about it and it didn't disappoint. Dad had the "Grilled Wild Salmon" and enjoyed it very much. Good thing about this place is that the portions are big. One thing I found weird was the $10 charge for sharing a main course. Overall, good service, good food, decent price for 4 people (check was about $127 after tip).
This place was absolutely terrible. Went there with a few other people, and my friend ended up going up the fire escape to get into the restaurant because everything is so disorganized. When we finally got our order taken, we were surprised to find that each order could have easily fed 2-4 people. The hunk of roast pork served was enormous and disturbingly fatty. The Paella was decent, but cold when it got to the table. This would have been okay, but the absolute worst thing about Don Coqui is that the management has apparently decided that the best thing to do is to turn their coffee and espresso machines off after 8.00pm on the weekends in order to kick diners out early and get the turn over for the dance floor. This does not even make logical sense, as we were staying to eat dessert anyway. The wait staff were apologetic, but this is easily one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.
I came here for my friend's birthday. we had sangria, a mix of cocktails, family style appetizers that were to die for. sooo much food and soooo good that by the time my soup came around i was starting to feel full. (not a bad thing considering that I am puerto rican) the paella as the main course could feed 4 easily but I took it home and was happy to eat it the next day. the flavors were authentic and delicious. family style dessert was fabulous! I dont normally dine at latin restaurants because I can basically cook all these dishes myself and I am known to criticize so called spanish food BUT I Loved loved loved the food here. will be making reservations for my daughter's HS graduation this week! (saves me from slaving in the kitchen and cooking) added bonus is that I get to dance some of those calories away right in don coqui after dinner.
Just celebrated my colleague's birthday at Don Coqui, it was an amazing experience from start to finish.  The day before the celebration, I called Don Coqui and spoke with Ms. Jewelle Rodriguez to confirm a reservation for 8 people.  Within 24 hours, they had customized menus with a "Happy Birthday" message on them and a delicious pre-fixe arrangement. There was a live Salsa Band and the DJ played a mix of R&B, House, and Pop music.   My choice of cocktails is either the traditional mojito or sangria! Small bit of advice, be sure to arrive early because valet parking can definitely take some time.  Otherwise, the experience was spectacular and I can't wait to check out Don Coqui in Queens. Definitely, check it out!
Always leave with a smile....the team is amazing!   Whether you are looking to relax, enjoy a delicious meal with a special someone or let loose, drink, and dance with friends you will not be disappointed my friends
Karaoke Tuesday. I've been to Don Coqui for the night life but haven't tried food until my last trip. Because of my experience the place deserve to hear my review. I came here for my birthday and started with the calamari. It was a generous portion that could feed four people. The establishment was off to a great start. The passion fruit bulldog is a must try if you'd like to start with a cocktail. Now for the main course. I ordered Paella. When I tell you this plate was hugh. It was filled with all kinds of sea food. It was delicious. After I finished eating there was still enough to fill two "to-go" plates with leftovers.  My friend had the skirt steak and Shrimp Scampi. This is also a must try. overall service was good. The drinks had great taste and packed a good punch. Food was excellent and the portions are large you wont feel hungry after your meal.
I loved everything about this place from the spacious layout to the romantic ambiance, the wonderful service and the top notch dining experience. My waiter suggested a seafood salad of octopus, shrimp, calamari, and clams that was the best I've ever had, and I order this salad everywhere. It was not oily or greasy, and kept me on track with clean eating. They play Latin music and the crowd is full of energy. One of my favorite places in New Rochelle, and saves me a trip into Manhattan for some great Puerto Rican fare.
What a bad night.  The one star is for my entree -- skirt steak -- which was delicious.  My husband's food was inedible and wrong:  the waiter just kept getting his order wrong, until he finally gave up and ate nothing.  My daughter's meal was inedible:  we don't even really know what it was. Overall, a really bad experience.  Parking is ridiculous, location is ridiculous, and the staff is just gross.  Really nice for the lady who greets you to grunt and beckon to the stairs.  That's what you want out front. Really?
Awesome, Great place for authentic Puerto Rican food, music, and dancing. Casual attire on thursday w/live band at 9:30pm. The food was colorful, flavorful, and hugh portions that will be enough for next days lunch (in which im looking forward to). Ceasar our waiter was friendly and accommodating. Fine Gourmet Latin Cuisine tasty to the palate.
Sangria baby! If you are sangria fan def have it here.  This place has it all.  Great food/drinks, ambiance, friendly staff and a band at night to get you on the dance floor.  If you're too shy to dance now worries..... Watching people dance is thoroughly entertaining.  :)
Pleasant experience- nice after work spot and a really nice ambiance. Food was ok- Sofrito's is a lot better. Rasberry Martini absolutely to die for.
Took my wife to this spot a few weeks ago. I heard it had good puerto rican food and vibe. I'm not puerto rican but my wife is, so I thought it would be nice since her parents were babysitting. Easy access of highway, ballet parking. First time there we walked in and could not tell where we were suppose to go to eat or drink. The hostesses at the front must of noticed I looked lost but offered little assistance. After I asked I was given half hearted directions to go upstairs. We made our way upstairs, found a pretty crowded dinning area, we were able to be seated quickly. We got the last two seats available, after a few minutes realized there was a leak over our table. Small leak so I didnt bother to report it. The party next to us was friendly enough to share their choice of drink with us. My wife and I not drinkers but we ordered drink which was suppose to be a fruity version of a Long Island Ice Tea. It was decent but pricey at $30. We just had appetizers because we were looking to have a drink or two and enjoy what was suppose to be a lounge area. That opened a little latter but it was much of a lounge. It was a bar area where they began removing tables as people finished their meals. DJ played old school music which I like, and then brought it up to the present. Enjoyed a few dances but then it got crowded and we got out of there. Overall a decent place to have a decent meal and drinks, and then a little dancing with your mate.
Don coqui's is one of my most favorite places to go and have a great time with my besties the drinks are great the food is excellent and the people are nice .would definitely recommend this place .
So idk about their food at all, I never ate from there. But I will say that their lounge/club is live! Love the drinks, love the vibes, music, etc. The drinks can be overpriced, but I think they're worth it! Oh and the valet parking guys?! Damn boos!!!!
This place is great.  The ambiance on weekdays is very romantic, a little loud(not in a bad way) on weekends.  The drinks are very good, the selection is small but the drinks are really good.   The food here is a 9 out of 10, the chefs do an amazing job; the food is very flavorful, I highly suggest the oxtail beef and chicken stew, I think its called a Sancholo.  The prices are very good.
Food was good, not great....but Ricardo B.  was the worst server ever! He was rude, not attentive...when we asked him to box our food he threw it out.... then he added a 20% gratuity on top for a party of 4. Last time I checked, gratuity should only be added to parties of 8 or more!!! I used to be a server and I don't mind paying 20% when good service is given, but in this case, Ricardo B. did not earn it and he huge be fired.
Great setting for food early in the night or for drinks and music late at night. Haven't been here in a while but from what I remember, los tostones rellenos y el rabo guisado son los mejores.
Don Coqui is a very interesting, extremely diverse restaurant.  Named after the indiginous frog of Puerto Rico, Don Coqui provides traditional hispanic food with a down-home flavor. Wasn't a huge fan of the sangria - just felt it was lacking that fruity kick that I look for. ALSO - and this is impoprtant to note - Don Coqui gives excellent cooking classes!  So if you're looking for something fun to try one evening, learn how to cook specific dishes with the in-house chefs.  The chef that provided my lesson - Stephanie - WAS AWESOME.  Very talented and made the evening fun.  NOTE: some of the cooking classes can be expensive - but I felt the juice was worth the squeeze by the end of the class. This is also one of the only restaurants that provides a Manhattan feel in lower westchester, based on my limited knowledge base.  It also stays open late from Thursday - Saturday....so it gets BUSY!  Reservations are strongly recommended. Lastly - be patient while waiting for your car.  The valets seem to be a bit on the slow side.  Took between 20-25 minutes for me to get my car.....which was parked 50 feet away from where I was standing.  I asked for the keys numerous times....and was left standing in the cold.
Don Coqui sure knows how to make the tasty flavors just jump at your taste buds with mostly all of their food, especially the pernil with yuca.
Food is good - but bit on the salty side....
I've been here 3 times and each time is just as great as the others! It's a festive environment with great Spanish music, usually mostly Salsa. It's a upscale spot, so make sure your dressed accordingly (although you can sport jeans and boots, just don't expect to stay for the lounge/club it turns into later as they require a dress code if that's your plan). It's in a warehouse looking building right of the exit on 95 N/S. Parking is to the rear and they have "valet" that does it for you, it's free (I've heard some people have had to pay but I never have and I don't have the "hook-up"). You walk to the front and the show you upstairs to be seated. It's a large room with a bar that is semi-detached. We sat near the speakers, which was fine for me, I love me some Spanish music, it was a bit loud but for me not to bothersome. Service was quick and professional. Ordered drinks which were quite tasty, I could have gone for a bit stronger but the taste was great. They give you platain chips with two dipping sauces which I enjoyed. My wife got the seafood Paella. It comes with half a lobster, shrimp, mussels and calamari on a heaping portion of arroz con gandules. She said it was delicious. I ordered the steak mofongo. Out of this world. Steak was cooked a perfect medium rare, juicy, seasoned perfectly on a large scoop of mofongo. Crispy and chewy and soft in the right places with a distinct garlic & mojo flavor. Added a side of arroz con gandules. That was a little too smokey flavored for me (maybe they semi burned the pork when cooking it) but still good. We both only finished half our plates, but splurged on coconut flan (my favorite) since it was our birthdays. Bomb. At the end of the meal, they gave us a complimentary round of coquito. I'm not sure if this is something they do all the time (because we did not mention it was our birthdays) or that it was the holiday season, but it was appreciated. Like I said, dress to impress, especially if you plan on staying for the nightclub. With dinner, you get free admittance. Gentleman, the women are smoking hot, so look good. There were a lot of families celebrating a birthday/something, so it gets loud. For the club part, the DJ's be ripping it up, so get your groove on. Can't wait to go back (but I may check the Astoria Queens location next).
Drinks are really good, dinner is a whole other story. They serve family style (which is nice) but they're such in a rush to get you out. I had a waiter literally take a knife out of my hand & removed my plate before I asked him too. That's just bad service. Food is good for those with strong stomachs!
Went there last night on a Friday at 8:30pm.  Fortunately, my wife and I didn't have to wait more than 5 seconds to be seated.   General Observations: The dining room is a really fantastic loft space.  Very chic, offering a nice ambiance.  Around 10:00, the restaurant clears out some of the tables so that people can dance, with the DJ spinning old school classics.  The bar area was rather packed, particularly with guys, so this would be a good place for the ladies. haha  Pretty diverse crowd, as well, which is good to see.  All types of folks, young, old, Asian and white, etc. The Food: The portions are ridiculous!  Really, 2-3 people can share one dish.  We order the empanadas, seafood paella and the roast pork.  The empanadas were okay, nothing special.  The paella was tasty and flavorful.  The pork was okay as the bottom pieces tasted more flavorful and moist. All in all, we had a really good time.
"A diamond in the rough." Wow. Authentic spanish food, R&B old school music, salsa music set in a rustic/warehouse settting with a noticably upscale air without being snobbish. Great service. Hot steaming food served quickly and with style ( our server demanded our attention as he aptly described ingredients and ways in which our dishes were prepared0. THE PLACE FILLS UP FAST AFTER 6PM SO GET THERE EARLY! Spacious, clean and modern looking with an adoring staff is all anyone could ask for. This place is a must!
If we go here one more time they will know our names. Ha I loved this place.  We go for Birthday and Graduation dinners.  Most of the portions are huge except for my favorote Mofongo,, but it's great none the less. My husband and I go on weekends for drinks and dancing.  My favorite is the Mojitos.  Wooo
Service: A+, Food: A++, Ambiance: A++. I celebrated my birthday here and was delightfully surprised! It looks like a fancy warehouse from the outside and I was really confused on where the entrance was because the first level looked empty. I ordered a stuffed lobster special. The food was delicious, so much that I couldn't even finish it. My boyfriend ordered the oxtail and we had an empanada appetizer. Everything was absolutely delicious. My drink had a little too much alcohol for my liking but it was still great. I would definitely come here for another special occasion. The live band added a nice touch to the atmosphere.
Food was okay, definitely not worth the price. Place had great music and the staff was nice. Our server didn't speak English well, it was hard to communicate with him. He had a hard time understanding us. We had fun but probably wont go back, it's over rated.
Great food!
I really like this place. Went here on a Sunday night around 6:30pm with some friends for dinner. The place itself has a very industrial vibe with exposed brick walls and beams...pretty cool. It was packed! Usually a good sign. We had the Don Coqui mojitos which were your basic mint mojito. They serve them in mini Mason jars with a stick of sugar cane.. very cool and they were delicious. Definitely did not chintz out on the booze. I had a raost chicken with potatoes and that was quite good. My company had seafood paella which came with a generous size lobster claw on top and I tried it. It was very good. Some other had skirt steak which was juicy and generous in size as well. Overall a good experience. I would come back. Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable as well!
I would come to this place twice. Awesome atmosphere.
Back in the day, me and my buddies virtually lived in one of the hottest restaurants slash niteclubs in NYC, Jimmy's Cafe in the Bronx. The Caribbean cuisine was fantastic, the crowd was beautiful and the niteclub was always jumping. Things were so good that eventually they were able to expand and opened a Jimmy's in three other locations. Sadly, things took a turn for the worse in the late 90's and eventually the doors were all shut. However years later, Jimmy Rodriquez, who owned Jimmy's Cafe has stepped back into the restaurant business and thank God for that. He started slowly with Sofritos in downtown Manhattan (will review that at a later date) and eventually opened up a newer, bigger and badder joint in New Rochelle called Don Coqui. The restaurant is super easy to find, literally right off Exit 16 on the 95 North. Valet parking will get you into the restaurant in no time. The first thing you'll notice is that from the outside the place looks huge. Well it is. You head up a small set of stairs to the dining area and you are greeted with a large dining space with exposed brick walls, wood beam ceilings and chic white furnishings. There is a to the far left that you will likely have to hit as this place can be packed. I've been a few times and it's always been a small wait. Even recently when I went with some buddies from work, we made reservations and still had about a 20 minute wait. However that's not so bad considering that the food is well worth it. The cuisine for Don Coqui is Latin Caribbean, with a concentration on Puerto Rican food. Obviously that's something I'm very fond of so you can imagine my delight upon reading the menu. I started the nite with a few drinks at the bar and couldn't wait to sink my teeth into some food. I ordered the Roasted Pork (Pernil) with Pigeon Pea Rice and Green Plantains. Let me tell you something, I thought I was going to just get a serving of Pernil, little did I know they would bring me a entire mini pernil. It was like heaven. It was seasoned perfectly and just melted off the bone. My buddy ordered the Don Coqui Paella with Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Lobster, Chicken and Chorizo. It looked amazing and according to him, it was the best he ever had. I forgot to mention we started with an amazing appetizer platter than was far too much to handle even for the six of us. All kinds of Latin deliciousness!! After we ate up, it was time to hit the bar again and just spend some time watching the pretty ladies dance while sipping on a few glasses of Puerto Rican rum. It's only appropriate. The music was a mix of latin, hip-hop and some great old school r&b. That was a perfect blend considering the crowd was a nice mix of thirtysomethings from every demographic. It really felt like the good ol' days at Jimmy's Cafe except a bit more chill. Just the way I like things. As always, I love being able to enjoy time with some friends over a good meal and drinks. No worries about money or other things you can't take with you when you die. Just enjoying life, friendships, and experiences. So if you are in the neighborhood or just looking for some GREAT Latin cuisine, look no further than Don Coqui. It's a meal you won't soon forget.
I have been here two times.  The first was okay but after the last experience I had to leave this review.  The drinks are average at best with the Sangria being pretty good.  The appetizers were excellent but after that it was all down hill.  We had to wait an hour and a half to get seated.  Once we sat down the service was terrible.  I have had more attentive waiters at Apple-bees.  The food was not properly explained and I felt it was a little pricey.  The entrees came out and I felt all the dishes were underwhelming.. pernil, red snapper  etc. nothing was really that good. Then you get hit with a 20% gratuity charge for sub par service. It was a birthday so we decided to have a drink to make the best of it. (mistake!!)  The bar was packed and they let anyone into this place.  I could not move and it wasn't a" fun packed".  You know when your in a place with alot of people and you have a great time.  It was a "sloppy packed"  when something kind of smells weird , you get bumped around a lot, and you start to wonder when are we leaving.   I will never be back to this place!
Visually the place is awesome. However it is extremely pricey and the food was not that great. Drinks were good but the food was definitely sub-par. I think Sazon has better food. For all that money, I was expecting at least a good meal. I was not impressed food wise. The dancing, dance floor, and waiters were awesome and accomodating.
Love love love the size of their drinks and food.  I must admit im a fatty I love to eat but hey don't we all love good food.  Went here for a friends bday dinner and they even custom made a menu with my friends name on it how cool is that.  Their sangria huge and awesome.  I had the pernil and something and it was like a whole pernil just for me holy moly.  The music didn't start picking up until like 2 and by then I was too full and sleepy to want to dance.  Would def like to go back here again.
Very snobby catering service rep I would like the owner to know that due to her I would never book a party there!
This place is hard to find, tucked away in a corner. Called for help w/ directions and they were very nice, got there right away. Ambience is nice. Be aware the menu is different from the Astoria location, especially brunch. All staff were extremely helpful, quick and provided great service. Ordered brunch $25 you get a free drink which we picked sangria-very good. They bring plaintain and yuca chips w/ dip-delicious. Get a choice of salad w/ grilled shrimp or chicken soup for appetizer- both very good(nice size juicy shrimp, no baby shrimp). Now, here's where they went wrong...had chicken and waffles on the menu! Although it's a popular brunch item not everybody can do it right. They def did not. Brought 3 Eggo(toaster) waffles with chunks of fried fatty dark meat bone in chicken on top, with syrup drizzled on it already!!! NO,NO,NO! Completely wrong! Okay so that was def a miss but they replaced it w/ something else of our choice no problem. Ordered the lasagna-big portion, good not amazing, like a pound of meat in one portion! All in all the experience was okay. I'm really in love with how amazing their customer service is...got them 4 stars instead of 3!
Awesome crew!! Went there for a friends bday dinner. My party ended being 45 minutes late and I thought the staff was going to hate us but they were extremely accommodating and super patient. A friend and I waited by the bar and made great conversation with Rose the bartender, There was a prefixed menu but our waitstaff allowed us to order outside of the menu at the same price. I ordered the Pernil and it was GIGANTIC! Barely even touched it because I was intimidated by its size,the waiter seen my puzzled look due to the big chunk of meat that he helped me cut it.  We had our own birthday cake and shared it with the staff and the table next to us who gave us complimentary drinks. I would definitely return back to this restaurant (this specific location) even though a new one opened up closer to me in queens.
I would rate it a zero if I could.  Went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Got there before 11pm but the cue for valet parking, which incidentally is the only option, was long.  We finally made it into the lot at 10:58pm. However, the valet didn't approach our car to give us a ticket until 11pm.  This meant the price of parking increased from $10 to $20, a major price differential.  We did not understand why the valet did not give us the ticket whilst we were in the cue so we opted to leave.  Additionally, because of the lack of parking spaces, they drive your car around until a space frees up for it.  So you pay $20 for them to burn your gas (which is also expensive).  I won't be returning to this establishment.  I know a racket when I see one.
This is an amazing restaurant/dance venue.  I had the dinner first...seating was immediate.  Venue is decorated simple, yet classy and tasteful.  I ordered the Steak and Garlic Shrimp with rice...delicious! Very tender, rich and tasty! The drinks were amazing!  Had the coconut mojito and Passion Fruit mojito.  Generous on the liquor and amount overall.  Highly recommend the "Sexy Island" and "Bulldog"...they come in HUGE glasses! Very pricey BUT the amount will last you all night!  Can't say enough about this venue...Food is amazing that you want to eat everything on the menu! Drinks are tasteful, tropical and lots a variation!  Service is good and friendly.  Dance floor is feet away from the dining area, so while you eat, you are IN the party enjoying the music and energy.  Great crowd.  Grown and sexy with a laid back vibe.  Not too uptight, yet not to immature.  This place is great to celebrate Birthdays, take a date or group night out.  Can't wait to go back!
Average food. Ok drinks. Below average service. Nice decor. Hard to find.
Oh where to start?! This is an experience! Come here w friends and let your hair down & bring your appetite! Authentic Puerto Rican cuisine. Very impressed from the start. This is quite the operation- there is a lot going on! Bar, dancing, loud music, families, private parties, open kitchen, staff everywhere. Caribean feel with ALL white drapes, chairs, benches, linens,  & exposed brick, high windows, ceiling fans, hard wood floors. Comfortable, sexy, loud & yet relaxed and very pleasant. Not an easy combination/achievement- transforming! Serious people watching too! Rosie @ the bar serves strong flavorful cocktails & is very nice. We had Mai Tais & coconut mojitos, coconut martini - excellent! Preferred the shrimp empanadas over the chicken w guava tomato dipping sauce which found too sweet. The arugala salad was very, very good & huge so share w your table mates! The arugala is NOT the tender young type so it's a bit more peppery & cumbersome to eat but very good acidic dressing & ample ripe avocado. Entree: seafood risotto - huge, full of flavor- not for the slight eater, skirt steak w mofungo & shrimp- husband was in heaven & said the steak was true medium rare, 1/2 roasted chicken w gondolas & rice- OMG this was simple in concept but so delicious- chicken was full of flavor & very moist. Tried the chimichuri sauce- too vinegary so I was a bit disappointed. Gargantuan double pork chop- friend really enjoyed it, great flavor cooked properly yet didn't even make a dent! Tres leeches cake was good but rustic & I have to say I've had much better. The "cheese" flan was custard smooth sweet heaven! Excellent espresso. Service over all is very good. These waiters take their profession seriously & are very respectful, knowledgable, and keep your table/ settings clean/rotated. We did have to ask a few times for things but they were never disgruntled but promptly returned w our request. The manager & owners daughter America came to our table to inquire about our meals/service- she is enthusiastic and consciencouse. Valet parking. Gets pricy but so worth it! Can't wait to go back!
Great place to visit if for a fun date dinner. Everything is great from the service to the food and decoration. Would definitely recommend.
Meh, I've had way better Latin food. My friend and I went there last night, apparently on Monday nights, there is a special menu; appetizers, entree and a dessert that you don't have the option of selecting. To make a long story short, the appetizers seemed like it was cooked earlier in the day and warmed up. I order the skirt steak as an entree, it was over-cooked, not done medium as I ordered. The black bean rice was hard as rocks ... basically the entire meal was cooked earlier in the day and warmed up in a microwave. The portions are large, I guess this might be a plus for people who like to feel overstuffed. I like my dining experience to consist of good food, that is made to order and not warmed up in a microwave. The service was poor!! I can't believe I wasted my money on a crappy meal. I certainly will never go back.
I went here this past Saturday night with a group of 12 for a friends birthday.  We had a customized pre fixed menu which was great.  The food was very good and so were the portions.  As appetizer we had mussels, calamari, empanadas, fried pork, etc all served family style.  For dinner I chose the seafood stew with white rice, I was so stuffed by the appetizers I only ate the lobster and took the rest home.  The prices weren't bad for the food but the drinks were ridiculous.  We ordered a pitcher of mojito that was watered down. My friend ordered a "Sexy Island" which was rather large and strong but cost $30!!!! She didn't know this when she ordered it because the drink menu has no prices and really who expects a drink to cost $30? We stayed after dinner because by about 10pm a DJ gets there and as people finish their meals they take away tables to open up the floor for dancing.  The DJ was AWESOME, she started out with old school and worked his way up, he even gave our friend Valerie a bday shout out when I asked him to.  As much fun as I had dancing here are my issues: 1) Not enough space, as you're waiting for people to finish their meals it gets very tight. 2) Not enough ventilation. It got so stuffy we had to keep going out for air and when you mix heat with drinking the outcome is usually dangerous. 3) Only one bar.  As packed as this place gets they NEED more then one bar.  They should definitely add a bar to the other end. 4) Overpriced drinks. 5) The bathrooms are so small no more then 2 people can wait on line inside. People kept getting hit with the door. All in all I had a nice time. I hope they make a few improvements and I may go back.
Went to Don Coqui for restaurant week on 3/21/13, the place was pack but service was fast. We got the family size appetizer which was delicious with red sangria. I was already full from that. Then my entree came, felt like I was served the whole pork shoulder. The pork was tender & very flavorful. It tasted like a homemade meal. I was amazed by the portion size. My sister ordered the baked chicken which was also delicious. After 10pm, there was a live band. People on the dance floor dancing salsa. It was very entertaining. Went home told all my friends about Don Coqui. Can't wait to go back. Great job to all the staff!
i love the place...the food...the drinks...the atmosphere...really a nice place. salsa thursdays are really good...always with live band and great crowd. fridays and saturdays are a little bit more hectic...at least 2.1/2 hr wait for food...and they text u, saying that your table is ready.  with all the money that there getting they should invest in electronic buzzers that light up, like everything other restaurant...lol overall the food and drinks are off the hook thou.
I was there last night and it was tremble! When we got there we waited about twenty minutes for valet parking, there is no other option of parking, and the reason why it took so long was because someones car got stolen from the parking lot.  It was a 2009 Audi. Anyway, so its too late to turn around, so we parked our own car because valet was backed up.  We go in and we can't be seated bacause our other friends were not there. They were on the line that was accumulating outside. So everyone arrives, we get seated, but now the music is too loud. So loud that we were yelling at each other.  We were not able to talk to each at all that night.  The food was great. I had the shrimp scampi w/ yuca and mussells as an appetizer. The rest of my party had steak, fish and mofogo, everyone was very happy.  We ordered a bottle of chardonnay and the first bottle was like water, horrible, the next bottle was slightly better.  After that we decided to stay for dancing and drinks. We found a table by the dance floor and we ordered a bottle of Grey Goose.  They didn't have it so they brought us some other non brand vodka and charged us $235 for it.  The same price they would have charged us for a bottle of Grey Goose.  We left half the bottle and left. This place needs new management.  I observed the manger and some of the staff drinking. As the night went on it just got worst.  We will not be coming back to this place again.
Food is excellent. Have never had a bad meal or service here.
Empanadas, tostones topped with either pork, codfish, or steak..fried pork, chicken, pork wrapped yuca all as appetizer on a Sunday. After that, my main course was the paella..all for $28..by far the biggest and most ignorant serving sizes I had in my life. Great food and a great deal!
This venue is NOT closed. Why does it say that? The place was packed! But very organized and professional. Food came out promptly and it was amaaaaazing!!!! Highly recommend. Portions are huge!! Doggie bag for sure!
I went for drinks and dinner. Excellent decor and super ambiance  , great food, great music and attentive service. It feels like you are in very exclusive Miami outfit....owners should consider opening in Miami Beach!. Can't wait to come back.
Great food. Great music. I took my gf here for her birthday along with 8 other family and friends. We had to wait about 30 minutes for our 7PM reservation but going from other reviews that was typical. Once we were seated our server was friendly and attentive. What can I say about the food? We had a prefix menu to choose from and everything was plentiful and delicious. After dinner we headed to the lounge area where I had reserved a spot. Our server there was super friendly and very attentive as well. The music was really good and we danced for hours. I would definitely recommend Don Coqui for any kind of celebration or just a dinner for two. Can't wait to go back
I truly love this place; the food is the best Puerto Rican food I ever had. Among my favorites are the pernil wrapped in yuca,the churrasco, shrimp mofongo and Pernil. They make really good mojitos too and you need to try their green sangria.
I thought the food and the drinks were fabulous.  Definitely an expensive place though, so I'm glad my rich lawyer sister took me there ;-)  Apparently she goes there quite a bit!  I do agree though that the music was so loud it was hard to talk to people at your own table.
Always a good time at Don Coqui. My only regret is not going enough.
Best empanadas so far with a bangin sauce.  An order is 2 pcs for $6. If Im thinkin about them the next day and the day after that it has to be good.
Yes,  I came here after work and had a great happy hour sangria and some wonderful appetizers that melted in my mouth.  Valet parking only kind of too close to a busy highway like street but once in you will be delighted with the ambience.  I still have to try and go later at night were I was told there is a great DJ to dance the night away as they push some of the seating to make room for the merengue and salsa dancing until closing.
Loved this place! Restaurant then lounge. Great, great tasting food and good music. It's a lil costly but good once in a while to have dinner and hang with friends dancing or drinking.
place was OK, the was a barthender that was a Ass Hole, but a other was very nice, the music was not bad, but a last moment the dj when on and the music was great!!! i been a couple time here last time music was better but this time was ok
This is a decent attempt to create an upscale puerto rican restaurant. Fun venue, easy location right off i95. Only thing I would warn new timers is after 9pm the place turns into a nightclub so it gets a bit rowdy. But if that doesn't bother you and if your ready to dance to latin beats then it's worth a try.
We went on a Saturday night, of course we had a 30 minute wait which, is understandable. The place is beautiful and has a romantic flair. What really attracted me to this place was the music, and the vibe. It's definitely a more adult crowd, which is different for me but nonetheless the best experience I had. In the meantime my friend, her husband, my fiancee and I went to the bar and ordered drinks. The guys ordered the long island while we ordered passion fruit mojitos which, were amazing! At the table we ordered empanadas as an appetizer which were accompanied by a very good red sauce. We also had cassava and sweet plantain chips that were accompanied with a dip that tasted a bit like hummus. As entrees I had the pernil with arroz con gandules and potato salad, it was soooooooooooo delicious! The only thing is the pernil is humongous, I obviously didnt eat the whole thing. My fiancee had the bistec encebollado with white rice. My friend had the seafood stew and her husband had the shrimp mofongo. Everything was delicious. For drinks my friend and I had coconut mojito. This was a very refreshing drink! Its my new favorite! The guys had long islands I believe. Only this time they weren't in mason jars but in big goblets. The best part of this place is the fact that after hours it becomes a lounge. We danced the night away. I also loved the fact that they played all kinds of spanish music while incorporating hip-hop and freestyle too. We will be returning.
I've dined at Don Coqui a number of times and the portions are ridiculous in size.  One serving appears to be family sized - who are they trying to feed?  However, I can't complain.  Order the pernil and they actually serve the entire pork shoulder.  The rice could be better (a big soggy) in my opinion, but over all the food is good.  I've been to Don Coqui Sunday early evening and I've also been Saturday late night. Saturday's is crazy.  If you're dining rather late on a Friday or Saturday night, a portion of the floor turns into a salsa/merengue danceclub which I found to be awkward for diners. I would recommend dining early prior to the place converting into a night club.
Heard that the food was good but never had a chance to try it out because the SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. Our group tries to go out to different restaurants to try different cultures and cuisines in order to share our diverse backgrounds.  I was warned that there is a long wait even with a reservation. Don Coqui was recommended for the food so we made a reservation 2 weeks ahead for a group of 15 people at 8:00pm and was told everything was set and that a coordinator would get back to me to iron out the details. Played phone tag with he coordinator (JOLENE RODRIGUEZ)  who confirmed the above and would send me an email to confirm the details.  I also asked her if there would be a long wait because I had heard that there had been issues with long waits and reservations before and she told me that is NOT a problem at their establishment. (LIE #1 from all the reviews and comments from coworkers) The email she sent me stated that they COULD NOT take our group for 15 at 8:00pm even though she had already verbally confirmed over the phone.  She wrote that they could only take our group at 5:00pm.  I already told her that our group was planning on dinner and then staying for salsa dancing afterwards. - (LIE #2) The email also had a party menu attached for GROUPS OF 8 OR MORE.  I called her back and was transferred to her voicemail.  I left a message to ask what happened to our original agreement and if we could split into two groups to get closer to 8:00pm if there wasn't any other choice. Instead of returning my phone call, MS. JOLENE RODRIGUEZ, sent me an email stating that they do not take groups larger than 8.  She already sent me a menu that states it is for groups of 8 OR MORE. (LIE #3) Finally, got in touch with her on the phone, had my fiance call instead, since she wasn't returning any of my phone calls.  I also sent her an email to which she didn't reply or even offer an apology.  She repeated the above and was extremely rude on the phone. I have to assume that they are not professional enough to handle more than a small group, or MS. JOLENE RODRIGUEZ is not competent enough to handle large events or keep her details/lies straight. I was planning on having a cooking party there but now I will never eat there even though I know the owner is a friend of a friend.
I don't even have to say anymore. It is that simple! The place of the restaurant is kind of awkward though, but that's not the part that matters. Do try this place. It is simply heaven. I will be putting this review on Urban Spoon as well.
Was here for a family event! The staff was very professional!  The food was delicious.  We ordered buffet style and there was plenty to go around!  It is pricey, but you get what you pay for!  Authentic Spanish food and topnotch service with a smile!  We rented the place and the DJ was able to plug into the system with no problem.  For what we paid, we got our money's worth!
Ive been to this place quite a few times.  I have several complaints about it.  My 3 stars are for the food, as it is really pretty good, and the ambiance and decor of the place is cool.  What I dont like about it is that when you enter you have to check your coat?? WTF?? Now is the Owner down with the mob or is he behind on his bills? Why in the world should you have to check your coat in a restaurant?? Everyone is suspected of carrying some sort of sawd off shot gun! Not feeling it!! I always adamantly say HELL NO! And the wait staff look at me like "who the hell does this *ITCH think she is?" Well, NO, it is! The other issue I have with this place is the music...LOUD! Boistrous and borderline ghetto! This is a spot you go to with girlfriends, afterwork pals or something like that--romance is OUT! You cant hear yourself fart up in here!! The other issue is the parking! You are forced to Valet Park and pay.  There is only buck dryazz highway on every corner of this spot..yes, its in the middle of nowhere, not a sidewalk to be found ANYWHERE!! Picture yourself sitting right in the middle of I-95 protected by small barriers....If you can get past that then you might enjoy a cute meal at Don Coqui.
Love the food here!  Great place to have dinner and cocktails with friends.  Portions are very generous and tasty and I love the SANGRIA's.  The service is great too.  Fun place!  I will definitely be back.
I've been to Don Coqui several times and each time I have a different experience.  I've gone for dinner....loved the grilled chicken breast, white rice and red beans with a side order of tostones (fried plaintains).  I've enjoyed their cooking class which is so much fun.  Not sure how much "cooking" is done by the participants since they serve white and red sangria and beer!  I've gone for drinks at the bar which then turned into a dance club at night.  They have themed nights which are also loads of FUN.
The food at this restaurant/nightclub was amazing. I had the mfongo and shrimp and it was so flavor filled I actually ate the whole thing. I could not control myself. While dinner was happening the nightclub was going strong on the other side of the room and the music was good a mix of Spanish and English music. As the night progressed they changed DJs and I lost that loving feeling for the place because he played only Spanish music and we got fed up and left. Also seating is an issue most patrons hogged the limited lounge chairs.
Another place with way over priced food that you can get cheaper and way better tasting somewhere else. Really $30 for rice and beans get real. You pay the valet to park your car in the street because they have limited parking. When it gets a little late you are basically rushed so that they can clear your table for dancing, which can get awkward if your table is one of the few left while people are standing over you.
We love this place. The paella is great!! They definitely give you a huge portion it can feed 2 or 3 easily with enough seafood. The skirt steak was seasoned perfect with a green sauce it was so good served with a black rice that my husband goes crazy for. From the outside it looks like a commerical building not the ordinary restaurant look to it. It is classy inside so dress accordingly. Food is great, service is great!! Great place to go on a date or grab dinner with friends and drinks. They have special events that they do on certain days like salsa night so be sure to check it out. Don Coqui also offers cooking lessons in their state of the art kitchen that my friends attended and said it was amazing. Great place!!!
This is our #1 go to place for drinks and good food.  The services is always great and the food doesn't disappoint.  Try their white sangria.
Great ambience. Live Latin band and ambience with Video DJ. Drinks good, crowd dancing. Dropped in with my brother from Florida for birthday hangout, it was happily crowded and the food was good. Dancing at random. Definite treat, White Plains is newer but this is still so good.
The food is good and quite tasty. Some of their portions are so big that there is no way you can eat it at one sitting (like their paella). You can easily split the paella between two people, but seeing how the owners impose their insane rules, they'll probably hit you with their $10 sharing charge. I have been there about four times since it opened a few years ago, but usually with just me and my wife. However, it seems they go out of their way to strap handcuffs on you and take away the enjoyment of the food. There is like an undertone of "we don't trust you" in their protocol. We had several people coming to dinner on a Sunday night. After calling up to make the reservation in advance, they asked for a credit card, then texted us to confirm (?) and then sent an e-mail with precise instructions on how far in advance to show up, etc. Then they called us the day before our dinner to confirm (normal) and said they were going to call us back the next day AGAIN before 3 pm -- and if a "real person" did not answer the phone, our reservations were being tossed. Interestingly enough, they never called. But we called them and sent an e-mail back to reconfirm our confirmation from the day before, lest our reservations get deleted. When we arrived at Don Coqui, the restaurant was not even half full on the Sunday night. A few people from the party did not come at the mandatory 10 - 15 minutes before the dining time of 6 pm on a Sunday night -- and they still sat us! Whew! They make it mandatory to check all coats, as they explain it's to let the waiters move between the tables. There is no fee to check coats but you know there's a tip bucket there. Then they slap a mandatory 20% tip on all checks for parties of FOUR or more, which seems pretty absurd. The common rule is maybe six or eight or more, but FOUR? And of course, Don Conqui itself is located in a place where you pretty much have to get your car valeted, so yep, that is essentially mandatory too. Dining at Don Coqui is like going to eat in a totalitarian state where the whole enjoyment of eating there is pretty much choked by the ridiculous rules they force their customers to obey. Oh yeah, if you plan on hearing the people sitting at the table with you, be prepared to yell. No it's not the crowds... they like turning their music up on the high side, even on Sunday evenings. I like Puerto Rican music as much as the next guy, but not blasting over my Sunday night dinner. I don't see returning to Don Coqui for the foreseeable future.
I went to Don Coqui on 1/21/2012 it was a saturday night and I immediately loved the atmosphere. I ordered a sexy island, a sweet version of a long island iced tea which was good but I was disappointed that we orginally had a reservation for 8 and due to the snow ppl backed out on us. It was only 5 of us and they still charged the $40 per person pre fix which was expensive for only a few selections. The food was good, not great.
Location in New Rochelle, NY Born and raised in PR - I am used to getting disappointed with restaurants of Puerto Rican cuisne. Will not order their main dishes again. However, for aperitivos, cocktails, and dancing its awesome! Always have a great time.
I had decided to call Don Coqui to get an approximate time for my party and I to be seated and I was told by a very nice lady that at THAT particular moment, there would be no wait but that the wait-time could change depending on the time that I arrived; I was literally 5 minutes away and told her that I would see her shortly. When I arrived at the establishment 5 minutes later, I handed my car over to the valet service, payed the $10 fee and headed upstairs to the dining area. When I stepped into the dining area, I was surprised to see a very busy scene, tables filled with patrons happily enjoying their meals, music blaring in the background and to my dismay, several parties waiting to be seated. I walked over to the Greeter and gave her my name and party size and she proceeded to tell me that the wait would be from 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Well, as anyone could imagine, I was incredulous and just knew there had to have been some mistake. After explaining to the Greeter that I had called just a few minutes ago and was under the impression the wait would be minimal at best, she told me that I must have misinterpreted the conversation. Well, it was obvious that I wasn't going to be seated in a reasonable amount of time so I took my business elsewhere. Would it have been too much to ask for a little honesty in that particular scenario? The Greeters misinformation waisted my time and almost ruined my evening. I won't make that mistake again. *note - An error was made as this review was initially posted for the Don Coqui - Astoria location BUT was intended for DC New Rochelle. I have actually dined at the Don Coqui location in Queens and have had a great experience on each visit.
The food was amazing! Music was great, love going on Thursday nights. Live band! Never had a complaint until Renzo, our waiter proceeded w/ horrible service. He was rude, took him 15 minutes to come over and give us menus, far from personable. My date was very displeased as this was his first time going. What made up for Renzo inability to serve properly was the Sexy Island (drink). Best drink ever! Would I go back? Absolutely & would definitely request another server if seated in Renzo work area!
****was ok, the place was very nice and the waiter was very friendly,  wasn't too crazy on how fast the food came out, appetizers werent barely done when the food came out, food was pretty good, my friend had the pernil and wow, the plate was huge, it was good but my friend did say it was somewhat dry, it needed more sauce for the portion size, i agreed  it did looked sort of dry, they need to add more "juices", but the flavor was good. I had Shrimp mofongo, i was not crazy about my dish, it was very mushy, but the taste was ok, a little too salty for my taste, next time i would prob order their fish stew which looked soo good on someone elses table. I am from NJ so the ride to Don Coqui took me about  45 mins with all the traffic ., when we left WOW the parking lot was jam packed and there was people waiting to get in,  the cars were parked all the way out the street...boy was i happy to have gone to dinner earlier because i was out by 9ish. I would go again....but not anytime soon. The decor was lovely......oh i forgot..loved the cocktails..i had a drink called "wepa" was very good, but the pirice for this drink was $15...way over priced!! but was good.
Celebrated my birthday here last month and had a great time.  When making an RSVP for a party of 8 or more they require a credit card number in case you are a no-show.  If you in fact are a no show they end up charging your card $25 per person. YIKES!  In the end everything was well worth it.  Like many others have said the portions are enormous!  Every single person ended up taking a doggy bag home because we were pretty full after the appetizers alone!  I must say the personalized birthday party menu was a nice touch.  Most importantly the food was DELiCIOUS!  Since the menu was a pre fixed party menu once we were seated at our table the appetizers came out almost right away. The service was pretty on point.  My only warning to anyone that comes here is that the restaurant is super loud.  So if your expecting any type of romantic, quiet, intimate dinner setting..... DON COQUI is NOT the place to be.  Part of the restaurant becomes a club which was really convenient actually.  No need to drive to a lounge or club for some dancing after dinner.  Music was great with a mix of old school and current hip hop, r&b, reggaeton, and Latin music....had a great time here and will definitely come back!
really pretty decor, great food, drinks and music.  nice place to have dinner and then stay to hang out in lounge while listening to good music and dancing.  energetic ambiance. love the fact that they have a food check, so you could check it in if you decide to stay for lounge and pick it up when you leave, same concept as coat check. valet parking available-- before 9pm is free, after 9pm= $10, 11pm= $20
My Husband's coworker recommended we try Don Coqui. We ordered the calamari appetizer. It comes out on a bed of greens which were as delicious as the plentiful calamari. Our maitai cocktails came out very strong! We both ordered the seafood stew as entrees. It was too die for. They don't skimp on the shell fish (including the lobster!). The stew is very comforting; a thick sauce with hints of coconut milk and paprika. The coconut rice was sweet and delicious... and the garlic/herb spread served on the side tasted so amazing on my rice. I almost couldn't stop myself from eating even after I reached my limit. The glass of red sangria my husband ordered towards the end of our meal was very strong! (The bar doesn't make you a weak drink!) The restaurant staff places your napkin on your lap, pushes in your chairs, attends to refills and busses empty dishes so efficiently. I felt very spoiled and important eating at Don Coqui. Couples, families, and club goers all patron this place. The only downside? The valet staff is not very personable. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in NYC.
I went there to check it out, heard it was a lively place and the food was pretty good.  This is a night club masquerading as a restaurant. Thursday through Sunday from 5 PM on it's all about the landscape( smiley face) the music and taking advantage of the doggy bag food check in. Hungry or not the portions are Ginormous and require multiple sittings. Had the pernil, didn't realize they serve you the whole slab( good thing) but you cannot eat it all in one sitting. The only place I ever went to where the patrons get up to dance mid meal when a hot song comes on. The music is blaring at an obnoxious level so this is not the place to go for a quiet romantic dinner for two. Lost my voice screaming at my girlfriend to be heard. The landscape err ambiance is nice.  Well don't go if your significant other is the jealous type because skirt lines are high and blouse horizons are low and women patrons out number men 10 to one, so i enjoyed the scenery. The 30 dollar  mixed drink is good if not overpriced. If  you want to have fun and bring a big plate of food home to eat the next day, then this is your place. After 10 it converts to an all out lounge or night club and they check your doggy bag for you. I think this is a really cool place to meet co workers after work for food and drinks.
We tried the paella and the braised oxtail.  Paella was amazing.  Dont have it often but it was the best I've ever had.  The oxtail was forgetable. It wasnt bad but wasnt great.  The desserts were not very impressive either.  The portions are huge so come hungry.  4 stars based on how good that paella was.  Excellent service from the wait staff but long waits to get your car back from valet.
Great place and really authentic latin food.  The drinks are great and the vibe is amazing.  I would recommend this place for anyone that wants a great dinner followed by an even better party!
This was our first visit to Don Coqui.  It's right off I-95 so the area is very industrial- not much curb appeal.  Once inside it has a loft feeling.  Walking up a flight of stairs from the (mandatory) valet area and then again to the dining area was a bit annoying but once upstairs we discovered there is a ramp and an elevator.  It's owned/managed by Jimmy (formerly of Jimmy's Bronx Cafe) and the decor is very similar to Jimmy's Bronx Cafe on City Island (white).  The food was also just as delicious as the original Jimmy's Bronx Cafe off the Deegan Expressway.  The seafood paella was SUPERB, the surf & turf DIVINE.  The portions are HUGE!  2 people can easily share one dish- and should (it's not cheap to eat here but you do get more than 1 meal for the price).  The service was excellent.  I was a little confused as to why the gratuity was automatically added to a bill for 4 people but that was about my only complaint.  They also have 3 private rooms that can be rented for functions.  All in all a very positive, fulFILLING experience.
I came out for my birthday. It was a snow storm on 2/9/13 so the place was not packed. The food was good, The music was ok, but too much merenge. The service was good until.....THE PERSON THAT CLEARED THE TABLE STOLED MY BIRTHDAY ENVDELOPE WITH $100 IN IT. At first no one knew where the envelope was at, but after we would not leave it alone the envelope magically appeared with of course no money. I had a buzz by then so we made the best of it. They gave us complimentary drinks to shut us up. We closed the place, but I do no see my self going there again. PS. they also tried to steal my friends money when she gave them her card and cash. They try ot say she did not give them cash. I am going it a low rating based on the theif...
My family, consisting of my father, brother with girlfriend, two sisters with husbands and myself with my husband, went to Don Coqui last week to celebrate my brother's 55th birthday.  The space is amazing - for those who commented it looked like a factory - it was!  They've done a great job with the space, we went for the salsa dancing and that was fun.  However, we thought the food was extremely mediocre, expensive (for what it was - mostly rice) and the drinks did not have much alcohol in them.  If I did come back, I would have the cheaper per person appetizer (the shellfish wasn't worth the extra $5) and a salad.
Very nice decor, love the white theme with leather seating, def great for group. They offer HUGE portionsbdishes (and I really mean HUGE). If you order the peril pork they will literally bring out the whole thign look-alike piece of pork that you prob end up taking most of it to go and eat for lunch in the next 3 days.  Portions are big but quality is just so so. Maybe it's just so much food that i got full looking at it.  Their paella is OK... A little bland to me.  Come on Monday night for their prefix menu, lots of food, decent taste, nice place, you'll most likely will walk out smiling.
Our treatment by the manager was so rude ("If you don't like it you can leave") that we left before being seated! Judging by the many negative Yelp reviews, that probably was a good thing. This place doesn't deserve to remain in business and I predict that it won't last much longer, not when it treats people like s - - t! Speaking of which, as we walked up the stairs toward the dining room, the smell that filled our nostrils was exactly that of the substance just mentioned. Was this place built over a sewer?
Rip off. The food was very expensive. We were told that the portions were very big, but the waiter said that only some dishes were big; not true, all dishes are big, but they want you to order it anyway. Be careful with their appetizer that allows you to try a little of everything, because we ordered it and it cost about $100. Also, our table asked for a special mixture of a drink in a pitcher and it was a big mistake, because it cost us $70 plus an additional gratuity just for the drink made the price $100. This was a $450 meal for 4 people. Crazy, the food was not good. I would not recommend spending the money.
