Love the chicken wings and salad. They have a wonderful staff starring Haoua the  bartender. Everyone seems to be very friendly and the ambience is more a community feel which is rare in the city. I especially like to go to places where people from all races and walks of life can come together and have a wonderful time in peace and harmony. The Shrine is definitely one of the coolest places in the city offering good vibes with a tasty menu.
It is the one of the best clubs for dancing that you can find around Harlem and it also has awesome bands coming & playing where you can get in for free! And it also has a very mixed crowd!   Very much recommended!
This place was AMAZING my first two times visiting. (Like 5 star amazing) but every other time since it has been very disappointing. My first experience with Shrine was on a weeknight. Music was great. Nice vibe. Decent sized, diverse, young crowd but not packed. Great chill place to grab drinks and listen to good music. That night I decided that Shrine was easily my favorite spot in Harlem and I couldn't wait to come back. My later visits were very different. The nice vibed, hip, chill spot had turned into a club with a ridiculous cover, harassing bouncers and a bunch of creepy dudes over 40 hanging out inside and outside. I keep going back expecting it to be what I first experienced but lately just disappointment.
I'm apart of a great community service group and the organizer decided on the Shrine as our monthly outing spot.  i'm so pleased that she chose this spot because the Shrine has great character and ambiance.  The jazz music was outstanding and the other artist showcased that night was equally as great. If you are looking for place to just chill and listen to great music on a Friday night, Shrine is your go to spot!!
Great crowd, drinks are ok, wings are phenomenal! If you love Afro-beats or Caribbean music you would love it here
Love the quaint and exotic atmosphere. Great drinks and food. A must place to listen to good live quality music..
Shrine pops on Friday nights. African music, reggae/dancehall, hip-hop Top 40, a couple of them house songs. $10 entry fee. Regular priced drinks at the bar. But it PAAAAHHPPPPS! I love it!
Shrine is one of my favorite places to go for a good night of dancing! This is my go to place if I don't want to get all dressed up, but still want to go out and be social. I have been going to this place for about 1.5 years and always please. The crowd is very diverse, but can be aggressive. Other than that, I love this place!
Best bar I've been to in Harlem so far, and my new go-to neighborhood spot. We came in to live jazz music and a very relaxed atmosphere. It was happy hour and beers were extremely cheap ($2 PBRs!) and we were able to get hefty shots for $5 each (1 for $7, 2 for $5). Bartender was extremely sweet. Will come back again and again.
Nice spot. I loved how the place was decorated with album covers. I came for a Bringing Consciousness Back event. I didn't order any food but the event hostess was raving about the Afro chicken and pina colada.  My friend ordered the pina and said it was on Point. She said they didn't skimp on the alcohol.   I ordered my mango mojito virgin (I was driving) and it was awesome. I would recommend this place for the drinks for sure.
I started going to Shrine when I lived in Harlem in 2010. This is a place you go when you want to have a good time. I've been with a large group, a few people, and I've even gone dolo.  Its always live and its always fun. The music depends on the DJ but its mainly world/reggae/hip-hop. I believe its a restaurant during the early/evening hours. Once 11pm hits the tables are pushed to the side. It usually doesn't get live until like 1am. Its a mixed crowd. Most people are between 21-40, but I'd say a good handful of men are well over 40.  Nothing against older men, they need love too lol. Ladies - no need to put on your stilettos! The dress code is fashionable, but not traditional clubby. I've worn leggings and didn't feel underdressed at all. The best night is usually Fri/Sat.
Wow I just got back from The Shrine. Fun times were had by all tonight.   The prior reviews are on point.  If you love to dance your socks off to varied genres of music, enjoy live bands, want a stiff drink that is worth the price, enjoy a diverse and eclectic crowd and lots of fun people the Shrine is worth checking out.     We had a good time and saw some wild dancing thangs! I am saying that in my best Tone Loc voice too.  WILD THANG dunt dunt dunt da dunt.  The freaks sho come out at night up in there.  It was hilarious.  Also I've never seen a club where the men out numbered the women.   A few folks really needed to just go get at room already!  Go check it out even if you don't dance because people watching at the Shrine is pure entertainment. Everyone was super cool nonetheless.
I have never danced my booty off so hard in my life. And the drinks were bang for your buck too, so that's always a plus. Went on a Saturday night, having never been to an African spot, and I can't believe how much fun I had. We danced on stage next to the DJ most of the night, and he was just killin em. Half our group was Cameroonian, the other half was Hispanic, and the whole bunch of us were going nuts. Cons: It is freaking HOT. I could deal with the crowdedness if it wasn't so unbearably scolding hot. And they gotta weed out some of the older men who go there, because they take creepy to a whole other level. These guys even have the balls to come up to us girl when were surrounded by guys, or already dancing with a guy. One even grabbed our friend's ass when she was standing with her boyfriend o.0 so that was almost a situation. So I definitely recommend it, but make sure to get to the front and get on stage. There's more air up there, and no creeps.
Long overdue review of a place that's at the epicenter of the new Harlem Renaissance. Food good not great ... Best is the grilled fish and The Shrine's take on hamburger - more like a good thick meatloaf to my taste. Best is the music! It ranges in style ... And I can truly say I've seen bands that made me say, "Why don't more people know about them?" NEVER A COVER BEFORE 12am! Recent favs: Ten Foot Pole Cats and Fillet of Soul; also caught this great British songstress- golden voice with some great original music (can't remember her name). Also checkout Rakim Walker on Fridays and Lu Reid on Sundays; the jam sessions on Sundays are great! Very eclectic international crowd and there's always a game on the flat screen over the bar.  Bar prices are more midtown that neighborhood priced but the level of musical talent balances it for me. One waitress in particular is an ebony goddess - her friendly demeanor and professionalism add to the evening.  (for a period they had this waiter who walked around with his pants off his hips showing his boxers - OMG! - no one wants to see butt crack when they're eating) ... ... The cash only thing doesn't bother me because it's reasonably priced overall.  I've also seen people coddle two or three beers while catching two or three bands if it's not busy. GO! DRINK! DANCE!
In LOVE!!!! Happy hour until 8pm with cheap AND delicious beers, amazingly friendly staff, food from next door that is yum, and great live music!  It is totally worth the trip!
Wonderful live music spot. They are always bringing wonderful underground acts to the stage.
This place could easily be a 5 star venue. But I docked one star for not taking cards and having a shady Fri/Sat night schedule. The overall vibe of this venue is earthy and Harlem. At any night you may hear an awesome Jazz, Funk or Folk band. Maybe even a poetry reading. Sometimes the acts are terrible but in a comical way that is still entertaining. It's a hit or miss that you don't mind. The music between the sets mirror the old R&B/Jazz 70's/80's vinyl covers plastered to the ceiling and the African art on the walls and on the bar. The drink specials are generious and I always get the fried chicken and fries. The rest of the menu looks great, West African I believe, but I'd rather do bar food with my loud music and booze. They have some decent beers on tap too. Weekend nights at Shrine are the most disappointing. Some nights it will turn into a hip-hop club. Hip-hop that no one listened to 3 years ago. Other nights, there may be some sort of insane $15-20 cover charge for a crappy group that no one has ever heard of. Oh, Shrine...gotta love it.
Need a spot where u wanna go to just DANCE?  Then all hail the SHRINE! I've only been here on the weekends for the late night parties (after midnight). The Cover is usually $5 The Shrine is a big hang out spot for some Africans. A little history lesson,  The Shrine is name after the famous club in Lagos, Nigeria which was owned  by Fela Kuti  where he performed regularly in the 70's. When my friend from DC comes to New York, we both enjoy a night out here to dance the night away to Afro beat tunes, hip-hop, and reggae. I love when they play different tunes from Africa especially Hip-Life music from Ghana They also have Reggae nights on Sunday. Beware of the African men that troll this place. lol.  Some can be quite pushy and annoying. But gotta love my peoples.
Good live music selection (I like to come for blues). Drinks a bit expensive but there is no cover for the live music so I am fine with that. If you wanted a nice meal first, you could go to Yatenga next door (same owners.) I think a place like Shrine brings Harlem's history of live music into a modern context. I feel like other live venues like Showman's and Paris Blues are decaying and fading into irrelevance. I hope those places survive, but being like Shrine is the way to go -- to acknowledge the past while staying with modern styles of music.
This place kind of sucks. My friend Aaron sang here a few weeks ago. It's one of those places I walked by three times because I was on the other side of the street, it was like 9:00 PM at night, and it's very poorly labeled. Also, a bunch of people were having some sort of random street party that was terribly loud and it was confusing to my brain. But still, don't look for a sign - they have one of those chalkboard deals outside. Also, from the outside- it looks more like a cafe than a bar, but when you go inside, you realize it's all bar all the way. Now, it wasn't too busy when I got here. But it still took the bartender about 20 minutes to get to me just to see if I WANTED a beer. P.S. there were two people in front of me when I got there. I don't think he could handle it being too busy very well. So, I get a beer, because I'm a good sport about the whole thing... and he literally pours it in a warm glass. Super warm. Pretty sure it had just come out of the dishwasher. Scott B. met me here for the show. He was a good sport about it, even though the place was divy in all the wrong ways. There was major problems when the sound system started broadcasting the show, and the first two songs were just ruined. It wasn't really properly fixed for the rest of the time Aaron was up there singing. I just wish they had took the whole thing more seriously. I don't really ever want to go back here. Boo.
Sipping a Brooklyn lager at this Harlem watering hole, I made a mental note to myself that not everything cool about NYC resides downtown. The Shrine is a gem. Decorated with old records, African tribal art and paintings by local Harlem arists, The Shrine feels like a true neighborhood joint. Very friendly service. Great small tables up front. A cool bar scene. Lots of elbow room. And live music most nights. Plus, anyplace that pays homage to Bob Marley and Peter Tosh is A-OK in my book.
If there's one thing wrong with The Shrine, it's this:  it will make you feel downright stupid for having waited so long to check it out. Thus ends my beef with the joint. As for my props:  surprisingly delicious sandwiches (I had the Mediterranean panini with feta), friendly and responsive service, and a collective groove-iness that'll inspire you to commit your remaining weekends on planet earth to hanging out in Harlem jazz clubs. While I'm no doubt biased by my affection for one of its members, the act this past Friday  (The French Cookin' Blues Band) managed to plaster a permagrin on my face that not even a double bourbon could loosen. Blame it on the beautiful wails of my loverman's Mississippi sax, or the picture of President Barack Obama that hung above my table.   After only half a beer, I was awash in a reverie of the ceaseless blessings America (or possibly, this latest chapter in my lovelife) has to offer.
Yes!!!!! Finally a safe spot I can go chill whenever I come back home where I can drink, listen to music, and not have to dress up. There are "neighborhood" bars like this in Philly all over the place but I have never seen one in Harlem until now. Very eclectic and relaxed, the atmosphere and decor were well thought out to portray where the owners come from and what type of vibe they were trying to set. From my understanding it seems to be open till 4 am every night so you don't have to rack your brain out if you should go one place or another. The Shrine will always be there. I think I heard from other reviewers that the drinks are a little pricey, but they are strong and with no cover just suck it up. One disclaimer: My cousin said to not tell that many people about this place so don't let it spread too far.
I came here with some girlfriends on a Friday after midnight to dance and blow off steam. LAWDAMERCY. Men be thirsty! I found the men to be exceptionally aggressive in trying to find dance partners. At one point, a man wrapped his arm around my chest and physically dragged me to him. Enough about that. I danced my BOOTY off! DJ played a good mix of hip hop, dancehall,etc. I would say that I sweat my hair out, but I'm wearing Senegalese twists :) But you get my drift. It was that kinda night. 5 dollar cover starting at midnight, and be warned that the music is hella loud. But, really, would you want it any other way? :)
Shrine definitely has a cool vibe & great music, and it makes it even better that there's no cover. I've never had the food but I've heard great things so perhaps I'll add a star after sampling the menu. The drinks are strong, but you definitely pay for what you are getting, don't let the laid back atmosphere fool you (unless its happy hour) :P People tend to LOVE Shrine, but here are the reasons why it just isn't really my kind of place: -Don't expect to talk to (or hear) the people you are with unless you want to stand by the entrance. The music is VERY loud. -There is very little seating. And if its crowded & you want to sit at a table, you have to order food. When you order drinks from a waitress they include %20 service charge on each drink (or your bill). -If you are standing and there is music playing (which there always is), you must do some version of dancing. If you don't dance a stranger will come over and try to get you to dance. Some people enjoy this. I don't. So sorry Shrine lovers, don't hate me! But I guess, when crowded, its just not where I'd like to be.
LOVE THIS PLACE. Love the vibe, love the patrons, love the music/bands that play here. They really have something good goin on and it's steps away from my apartment....winning! The Shrine Burger....changed my life. I'm a burger connoisseur of sorts and idk how they prepare it (what mix of cuts, seasoning, etc.) but OMG!!!! They have a good drink selection and great happy hour specials. Music wise (depending on the night), you can find it all here :)  From new jazz to Afrobeat, from alternative and rock to hip hop, from reggae and on. LLOOOVEEE it. And the owners, I believe, are Kenyan (not for sure) who wanted to fashion a bar akin to what you'd find in the Motherland. I've spent time in South Africa and one of my fave bars (Cool Runnings) really reminds me of this place so I feel so at home here. And of course, Shrine is the name of the famous music hall in Nigeria where Fela Kuti once performed. Check it out and you'll see what I mean!
Checked out this spot back in December as a possible show venue. Most importantly, this place has the BEST LED light show I've ever seen.  LOL. No, just kidding. :)  Just like everyone else said, The Shrine is intimate, dark, bartender made a great strong drink, reggae was BLASTING, great vibe overall.   It's no lie when everyone says it's loud, but who the hell goes to a spot like this to TALK?? ;)
What I want to add to all the previous reviews are 2 things: 1.  The Shrine is also a venue for local, amazing musicians to play. 2.  They have a new chef, and the food is really outstanding, the tilapia filet was incredibly moist, and everything is super fresh. I am not much of a party animal, so I really love their Sunday afternoon jazz. It starts at 5pm, no cover charge, the musicians pass the hat. Really good time, with great music, and atmosphere.   If you are not from the neighborhood, before the Shrine,  go to the Studio Museum of Harlem, it's free on Sundays.
This spot is too much fun! You will find nothing but love here! Everyone comes to have a good time so you will meet people from all backgrounds, putting aside their differences to let it all just hang out! Warning...you will NOT want to sit! Be prepared to jam, dance, drink and meet new friends. Tell them Jessie sent ya! ;-)
Came here one night for some dancing. It was about midnight when we showed up and there was 5 dollar cover at the door. Not that bad. It was totally happening, and the live band was great! The drinks arent too pricey which is nice. I think I got a marg for $6, and lets face it, for NYC thats a STEAL! The music was a funky reggae/blues meets dance hall. I think they have different types of music playing each night of the week. The band even had a segment where they invited big booty girls to come on stage and shake it. That was funny. I wasnt about to go up. Once the band stopped they switched to a DJ who stuck with the theme of the music. It was a great beat and everyone was dancing. When I got home I noticed that my feet were bleeding from my shoes pinching them! I was having too good of a time to even notice, and I guess I literally danced my feet off! ;)
Ok, you don't come to this groove den for the wings... you come in to enjoy the stew...  and eclectic..  francophone african/ soul/ french.. uniquely harlem stew...   saddle up at the bar...  gaze at the album jackets..   retro 70's..  Aretha fro'ed out and slim..  Nancy Wilson jackets... Marvin.. check... and many others.. anchor steam.  guiness..and a few others on tap..   a nice wide selections of spirits proudly on display on the backlit bar... as a musician.. I was delighted to note.. that they book local artists.. and they have a vintage fender rhodes..  drums.. minus the hardware..and a descent bass amp and cabinet on the wooden stage in the back.. ample space to sit.. both out on the street..  a' la' cafe stylie...  or indoors... I entered... after taking an uptown 2 train and walked one block down 135...and a short turn of the corner down to 134th... I walked into some groovy highlife music.. bubbling on the sound system..  and a mixed crowds of Harlem denizens..... What more can you ask for after working a long day... and in need of refreshment....?
I just got home from this place, and it was SO FUN I couldn't even wait to sleep or sober up before I wrote a review (it's 5:45am) Let's just start here: I've lived in Harlem for almost a year now and have not gone out in my neighborhood AT ALL - mainly because none of my friends would come up here from lower Manhattan to join me. After tonight, I have two words for them: SCREW YOU. Honest to god, I don't think I am leaving Harlem this summer. I have not explored this place more than 6% and I could almost cry, especially after what an awesome time I had at this place tonight. The vibe, the poeple, the atmosphere, the music = A++. The drinks were a bit pricey for uptown - around $9 for your standard screwdriver (I normally pay around $6 in midtown) but whatevs. The live band was phenomenal - no cover - great reggae after the band finished their set. Tons of nice guys to dance with and have a laugh or two. This place has renewed my love of Harlem, and I am here to stay.
Walked into this place looking and thinking it was some place else, looking for a chill jazz spot((since Harlem is the place to be for jazz right)). But alas, I walked into a joint that was something just as soulful and just was chill. Reggae night at Shrine is awesome! So I can imagine any other night here is just as brilliant. Oh happy accidents. Stop by and you won't regret it. :)
Shrine can be best described as Harlem's West African bar hub for people in the community.  I always see a diverse mix of people from the continent as well as gentrified movers and shakers (myself included) partaking in nice pints, wine and simply mixed cocktails.  The menu is not extensive - it's your regular bar food treats (wings, fried things, etc) but the drinks are cheap. This wouldn't be my first place for an out of towner experience in Harlem, but it's a solid partner of the Harlem community.  Shrine should be visited when you are in the mood for something simple.
Price: No cover Highlight: Live music This intimate bar/lounge/restaurant is great for a nonpretentious vibe and pairs well with Uptown Fridays at Studio Museum which shuts down at 9pm. I am in love with the ambience - walls and roof covered floor to ceiling, corner to crevice with vinyl records and album covers, prompting you to recount the days you spent listening to and rifling through your mother-father-aunt-uncle's record collection. Drinks are strong. And along with the intimate jam session on stage and the dance if you want to vibe, it is all around straight pleasant. The food portions seem generous and I'll be back to try. I love this place.
One of the engineers at work had a concert and I came with some friends to check it out. We had a great time, and all enjoyed the music. I was not a big fan of the bar for drinks, but it was a cool atmosphere.
Ok...this should have been my first review since joining Yelp's website...LOL I've been a dedicated patron to the Shrine for about three years now. They never disappoint! Initially I was concerned about the limited vegetarian-focused menu, the high staff turnover and the so-so decor. Speed fast to 2010....the food menu has expanded to add my favorite--Shrine Mini Burgers (I call them the home style White Castle burgers..lol).....the staff are dependable and always friendly (they know I love cherries with whatever I'm drinking..lol)....the decor has improved greatly (from the stage lightning and extra seating to the albums plastered strategically throughout the venue)....the big UPGRADE with the Shrine are the wide range of artists that perform onstage regularly from rock to reggae to R&B to Hip Hop to Spoken Word! Phenomenal!!!!! BTW: My cultural arts team, Synchronized Rhythm, have been hosting our monthly spoken word & music event at the Shrine since last year. Check our blog for details at synchrhythm.blogspot.com
Really good spot to have some drinks.  Good music the whole time. There is a cover if you come in later but it's a small fee.
This is truly one of the hippest joints in town. A great mix of all types, amazing food, decently priced beer.  The mixed drinks could be better, (they have great names, like the Muslim Jew, but they don't quite live up to their names). I've spent many a wonderful evening here, and heard some amazing music.  When it's warm out they have outdoor seating on 7th avenue, which feels very "New York" compared to the malls that a lot of these city's streets have become. Whenever I have anyone in from out of town I take them here, and they always love it. Europeans especially seem to have a penchant for this type of spot, with its NYC vibe. One complaint:  a few months ago we were there and there were some teeny boppers in mini skirts from England on stage.  The music was GOD AWFUL and it really ruined my impression of the place. Did not help that I had brought a date to whom I had been raving about the place.   I hope the owners are more rigorous about their selection of music, because one bad night like that can turn off a lot of people.   I haven't been back since that night, but now that the weather is turning for the better, I'm starting to get the itch... Also, great decor- warm, hip and stylish, with great servers, mostly French speaking, from around the world. Oh, and for those who think the neighborhood is "dangerous"...  come on out, have a few drinks, and then decide.
I totally endorse Shrine..I've had a few dates here and loved each one.. I especially love when they have love reggae on Sunday nights! Their piña coladas are BANGING and I also love their guacamole and chips. I only wish they accepted credit/debit cards :-/
Free live music, great drinks and food. Wonderful vibe worth checking out
Recently discovered Shrine.  I've been twice in two weeks and thoroughly enjoyed it each time.  Great, great live music in the perfect atmosphere -- laid back, filled with music enthusiasts, friendly staff and inexpensive but decent drinks.  I was even surprised by the food.  Ordered chicken kebobs -- much better than I expected from bar food.  I think this will become my new neighborhood spot.  The kind of place you can bring friends or just come by yourself and hang out.
I went to Shrine during my recent visit to New York. I can't speak to the food or drinks because I went right after a huge dinner at Chez Lucienne. The scene, people and decor were very eclectic. It was pretty young, hipster crowd which I felt completely at home in. Best of all, there was no cover. I'm a huge fan of live music (who isn't?) and happened to be there on a night when Thousands of One performed. They were awesome. The acoustics were great, and despite the limited seating, I managed to snag a table right in front of the stage. After such a great first impression and an awesome musical performance, I was expecting an amazing DJ and a night of youthful dancing to follow. However, to my horror, Shrine suddenly became the middle-aged Harlem hotspot. No disrespect to the middle-agers, but the idea of dancing to Prince oldies with people older than my parents doesn't exactly ring my bell. The place literally became a late-70s disco. Despite this odd twist of events, I enjoyed my time at Shrine. Hopefully I can go back on a not so off night, or maybe I'll come back when I'm 55...
No cover charge, good food, helpful staff and great music. What more can I ask for? Well maybe cheaper prices. The menu items are a bit pricey but at least the food was tasty. On the plus side, its a great place to just kick back and unwind. And boy did I unwind last night ;-) lol. I met some cool people and enjoyed a couple of sambuca & bailey shooters (2 for $10) and really enjoyed the Medeterane entree. Delicious! The chicken and fries are not half bad either. Come check out Shrine in Harlem. There's no cover, so you have nothing to lose and a night of fun to gain :-)
As an active musician i'll tell you that this is easily one of the best live music places in NYC right now. As a musician I personally love playing in this place. The sound and the gear is excellent and you actually get treated with respect. The owners love and respect great music. It's also free to get in up until about 11pm (i think) I haven't been there past midnight in a while but I do remember that in the past it would get super packed with dudes after midnight . Hopefully thats changed once they started charging the cover. They have a decent beer selection (Anchor Steam on Draught!!!) and also pretty good food FYI this place is Cash only !!!
I can't give the Shrine enough love....I came here once to meet up with a friend, and fell in love on sight...and came back a few times afterwards (even celebrating a birthday there).  Some cool points about the place are: - An eclectic range of live music acts to groove to every evening  (I am not a big fan of the after-Midnight party.  I tried it once and left after half an hour into it.). Very cool retro decor...Old record album covers on the wall and a dark intimate ambiance that makes for a cozy feel. - Very chill crowd.  People of all ages and races come here for the music and fun. - For those of us who live north of the BX:  It's a quick hop-skip-jump (and brief train ride) to the 125th Street Metro North Station...which makes this a PLUS. My only two complaints with the place is that the live music is soooo loud that you can't carry on a conversation.  And the cocktails, although delicious, are a little pricey ($10+ a pop). Also if you come here on a Saturday night- it's better to order your drinks via the bar rather than to get waitress service because you'll wait for ages. Ergo the four star rating.   Otherwise- the place is awesome!
The music ranges in quality but the atmosphere at Shrine is worth the sometimes less than stellar tunes. If you're looking for a bite to eat alongside your music, try the Fruit and Cheese Plate.  Yum!
This place is so fun and trendy! I came here last year with my boyfriend, his brother and his friend. We drank and danced the night away. I loved the music and the positive vibrations from the crowd. I had such a great time. I will definitely come back again- can't wait.
I came here Friday night because a friend of a friend was the DJ and having his birthday party.  People decided to pour champagne,  beer, and anything else right over his head while everyone cheered.  Around 11 or so no one was really there, but after 1 or 2 the place finally got packed.  Overall we had a good time. I found the place very friendly, and while I'm not a huge hip hop fan, they did play enough reggae to keep me happy and on the dance floor.  It was full of west Africans, naturally very open and friendly, as well as a few Francophone tourists who wandered in.  You could totally tell by the bizarre, goofy expressions on their faces that they were tourists, but the vibe of the place was so positive, nothing seemed to matter.  In the Lower East Side I'm used to having violent elbow matches and unkind words with the patrons (check my 'Pianos' review), but here I found people very friendly and nice, even though it got packed, people were way more civilized. The music, like I said, was hip hop and reggae;  the sound system was loud but pretty well done, and along with the DJ was a guy with a mic egging things along and dancing occasionally.   It was mostly guys, but as the night got later more and more women seemed to be showing up.  Bar service was quick and friendly as well.   If you're already thinking about coming here on a Friday or Saturday night (late), do it already, it's a good place.
I wanted so much to like this place. From everything I read it sounded so cool. Maybe I just went on an off night. There was a $5 cover which was a little lame because the place was pretty empty when we arrived around 11pm. They checked our ID at the door and then again at the bar. Why? The band playing was pretty good. The thing that killed it for me was it was HOT. Like having a broken radiator hot. I was just sitting there and sweating. Not cute. Plus the drinks were surprisingly expensive for a divey place in Harlem. And no one was dancing. Meh. It's probably a good place to come to see live music, but not so great for just grabbing a drink cuz it's too pricey. :( Note - they only take AmEx
Loved the live music. Nice size dancefloor. Food was great. I had the Fela burger. Its a little pricey. Only negative is their service is awful. My date and I waited over 45 mins for our meal. Our drinks also took forever to come out (we both ordered Guinness so this was perplexing). Bring patience.
Great bar. great music, interesting people, nice beer selection. And NO COVER usually, which makes it a personal favorite in the area. However I've heard and read that they do charge a cover in the area of $5 when special acts come to play, and $10 if the place has been booked for a private party. Also, last time I went by there was actually a sign up for the place, so it shouldn't be so difficult to find.
First time we ordered food, and the roasted chicken and coucous was delicious. The live music every night is really hit or miss, but the happy hour till 8pm is a constant, EVEN ON SATURDAYS! I feel as though the waitress may have double charged us for a few drinks this time, but her african ascent distracted me and basically lulled me to sleep. All the waitresses who work there are uber model attractive and make me question my choice of attire.
What fun I had here last Saturday night!  I had been here before, but never to dance. The West African singer who was performing when we got there was fabulous. My drink was a little too strong, but, hey, I guess that's better than being too weak! While sitting at the bar, a woman who was falling down drunk, sat next to me and tried to order more booze. The owner promptly and gently told her she needed to go home, and escorted her out the door. While dancing, someone lit a spliff, and immediately, the air came on full blast, and the lights went up. The owner once again circulated through the crowd searching for the culprit. I like the fact that they obviously want us to have a good time, but will not tolerate drugs and inebriation on the premises. Safety is so important that  the bouncer checked our bags and the men were patted down. The cover is $5, the music is fabulous, the crowd is fun and the drinks are strong. Leave the weed at home and come out and party!!
The Shrine is a fun place to stop for a drink while you see who is playing. I have heard some really interesting music unlike anything I previously was exposed to (from Nigerian rap to Balkan soul). You can check the lineup on their website to see who will be on, or just stop in and check it out. It is usually standing-room-only at night, and extremely loud, so not great for conversation. The food comes from Yatenga next door (in fact, there is a door leading directly between the two) but if it's food you want, I would just go there before or after. There is a great selection of beers ($4-7) and never a cover charge.
Live bands, no cover, cheap drinks. How can you go wrong? I live in the Bronx, so this uptown joint is more convenient than the Village. I never have trouble finding parking. It's not that big, but has old album covers posted wall to wall, with funky, sparkly lights reflecting everywhere. The crowd is eclectic, as is the music. When the dj comes on afterward, don't expect the usual mindless techno thump. Percussive world beats get everyone on the floor. The uptown address keeps the place from getting too packed, which is a good thing...
This place has soul by the pound!  Jazz outside the glass.
Went on a Saturday nite, specifically for the clubbin. .. was surprised at how packed this place was. granted, it was also a kinda small dancing space. the japanese looking dj was goodish, but I didn't care much for the huge tv playing the videos to the songs. I found it a bit distracting- I went there to dance, not watch tv.  and the place wasn't dark enough : ) definitely, it was too crowded.. I had to continuously elbow ppl outta my way. nope, I don't think i'll be making that trek up to harlem again ..
This spot in Harlem is one of NYC's gems.  At any given night you can catch the sounds of pumping afro beat to the most out the box styles of music.   There are many nights in which they don't have a cover charge, but you may find yourself having to pay on some saturday nights.  So, just bring about five bucks to get in just in case.   You'll have a great time anytime you go!   ONE LOVE!
I'm a big fan of Shrine.  I had no idea it existed until I was searching for something else on Yelp (yey, Yelp) and the reviews sounded cool so we decided to give it a try -- was a great gamble. The setting is really cool -- records everywhere, dim lighting, the music venue in the back, away from the bar, so you can talk while you have a drink if you prefer. Drinks were a bit pricey, but really good.  The music rocked.
Who would have thought I'd thoroughly enjoy a meal with 5 of us, outside, crowded around a single school desk? Inspired by the screening of Fela outside the Adam Clayton Powell State Building, we moseyed on over to the Shrine for some food. As we walked in, a band was playing and sadly, my companions were a bit turned off by the volume and probably the sound on its own, and decided to eat outside instead. I, however, was thoroughly digging the band playing and wished we had stayed inside (however, it was loud enough to have been difficult to hear/talk, which was the point of our convening). There was such an interesting and eclectic crowd there (I agree with that assessment, other reviewers). I literally saw a crew of kids that looked like a United Colors of Benetton version of a Kid N' Play movie or the TV show A Different World (high-top fades, dookey chains, shoulder pads, and all). It was amazing. Also, the best part: I had THE best fried chicken I've ever had in NYC. I went in on that chicken, no lie to the 45th power. I'm morally opposed to the idea of chicken wings too (why would I want to eat a bone with some strands of chicken on it? You can take that elsewhere. Drumsticks or bust!), but it was pretty bomb. And to make it even better, I could get my chicken with a side of fried plantain! Shrine, are you trying to steal my heart? Because you have. It is yours, xoxo. The service was good too, to boot. I definitely want to make my way back there another night for a) my chicken fix and b) to partake in the imbibing and hear the live music. Seems there's often bands there of different musical flavours (afropunk, afrobeat, jazz, reggae, etc.), which is  rawesome. It generally just seems like a super cool place to hang with your posse (or perhaps to recruit folks for a posse, which I'm trying to do. Inquire if you're interested!). All the cool kids in Harlem hang out at the Shrine, so get on the bandwagon!
Nice atmosphere, very chill place. Food is a bit on the expensive tho.
The Shrine is Harlem's newest center of alternative, world, afro-cuban, jazz live music fo' sho'! I hit this place up on the heels of a outdoor screening as part of the REEL SOUL Under the Stars series in Harlem over the summer. There was an after party at the Shrine to follow. First of all let me say that I have passed by this place everyday for the last 3 years as it's on my way to work. Hell, I passed this place as a 7th & 8th grader cuz my school was 2 blocks away! It always had that Black United Fund Plaza sign on it. I usually catalogued it in the back of my head as a pro-african american empowerment spot, never really knowing what it was as i never felt it had any relevance to me at the time. Anyway, i was given the address to "The Shrine" and ended up baffled looking for this spot as it had the sign. When I saw someone walk outside what I thought was the BUFNY, I gasped. As I made my way in with my date, the door opened up to a dark, cool, jazzy lounge bar. At the stage was a hand crafted sign made of fabric with "The Shrine" proudly etched on it. That night there was a $5 cover charge. I enjoyed some of the best jazz I've heard in my life! And that was before the actual party began! I've been back a couple times to catch some awesome bands playing brazilian, west african music, and other jazz acts. This place definitely rocks! It's got comedy nights, open mike nights...the whole nine yards. And they've finally put up a more obvious sign..lol. I haven't tried the food yet but I hear good things so far. Definitely check out the place. Gets my two whole-hearted thumbs up! One last thing...when I went there last time they only accepted American Express cards which I found a bit wierd...but whatever. Make sure you bring cash. I have to add an editorial comment to this however. After having visited the place for the first time I was hungry to find out the history of the BUFNY. It was at one point harlem's largest charity managing over million dollars as well as hundreds of units of affordable housing in harlem. It seems that then-attorney-general eliott spitzer had this place along with the Hale house in his crosshairs and managed to dismantle both. That coupled with some real estate deal exchanges left the place defunct and its founders nowhere to be found. The sources I've read each have skechy details about how everything went down. One thing I can say is that BUFNY was a big loss to the Harlem Community. Some have denounced Shrine as just another yuppified hipster place transplanted in Harlem to lure bored white folks. Upon reading all this I was a bit torn about coming back to the place. Nonetheless I made peace with myself when i realized that this place is much more than a filler for new transplants moving into harlem. It definitely brings a lot of culture and togetherness to the table in terms of the community. Not to discount in anyway the work of the BUFNY, but it's good to see that it's new inhabitants are still bringing the community together in some capacity, albeit through the arts and entertainment.
Recently went here for the first time in several years and had a good time.  Happy hour margaritas were strong and they have some of the best plantains I've ever had.  While there a live band started performing when I was getting ready to leave so I stayed for a bit to hear them.  Although it's a performance venue, it's still not too loud to have a decent conversation and hear the people you're with.  Very cool, chill environment to have a drink on any given night in Harlem.
Eek! My five star review below is for the evenings here. This two star review is for brunch. The music garners those stars all on their own. Which means the rest of brunch service is... uh-oh! Problems with brunch service: 1. The service itself is awful. The bartender looked at us like we were scum from the moment she came over to take our order. No matter how hard we tried to suck up to her (really? sucking up to a waiter you ask? I know. But she was truly looking at us like she hated us, and no one wants to be hated.) She was surly, inattentive (didn't ask us how anything was, we had to get up to get condiments, water and the check), unable to make a drink when told exactly how to make it, and generally responsible for our misery. If she had tried just a little harder we would have been happier. When asked what was in a sandwich she replied, "I don't know" and then just stared at us. Wha?? We actually tipped her 10%, which I have only done maybe 1 other time in my life. 2. It took 40 minutes for a burger and grilled cheese to arrive. 3. They did not have bloody mary mix. At brunch. 4. The beef burger is not a burger, it's a sloppy joe. Sloppy joes are cool, just as long as they're not called burgers. 5. We definitely got the greasy leftovers from a batch of fries made an hour previous. Good things about brunch: A Greek salad went by our table that looked pretty good. ...and the aforementioned music. Shrine, I thought us lucky when I saw that this usually happening spot was nearly empty at prime brunch time, but now I know why most of your customers only come out at night.
This place kicked major musical ass. It frickin rocked my socks off!! What brought me to The Shrine was that my brother's wicked band Suit of Hair was set to play with a few other local bands there in Harlem. The minute we walked in, we got a strong welcoming vibe and I felt great about it. The atmosphere is very clubish, dark, and cool. Very laid back, I love this kind of place! Totes informal, relaxing, and fun. The hot waitress had a sweetass fro and a gorgeous everything and she was the kindest girl ever. Thanks much! The service was fast and wonderful, and the size of this little club is perfect for shows. Not too big, too small, just right.. Perfect for a first show for Suit of Hair!! The guys kind of were nervous, but they rocked that audience and ripped the night outta the arms of the sun baby!! Holly and I danced like fools to one of the songs and it rocked. We also had some food, which by the way, is INSANELY DELICIOUS. Check this Harlem club out if you can!
The reviews are misleading. I came here expecting a great place to go out with my friends. I left the place 25 minutes later, disappointed. We paid the 10 dollar cover and entered to hear the dj playing unfamiliar music. I'm a first generation American born African. Because during the day this place is a Senegalese restaurant, I expected to hear some ndombolo, coupe de cale, or even some reggae. But I guess this place doesn't have that vibe. Its just kind of weird. The dj was playing unfamiliar music I had never heard of before, and the people on the dance floor were swaying left and right. I honestly couldn't describe the music. It wasn't house(i love house), it wasn't techno, it wasn't r and b, and it wasn't top 40, but the people around us seemed to be having a grand old time. There was a hipster vibe to the place, but at the same time everyone just looked like they were trying too hard. All right no problem, I told myself. Let me get myself a drink and make the most of it.  did not know this place took cash only. Went to the bartender, got my drink, and was told after she made the drink that they didn't take credit card. no problem. Went to the atm machine to retrieve some money. and long story short, none came out. Looked on my account to see that the vending machine had charged me four dollars and given me nothing in return(my account balance was fine). informed the lady at the door who told the manager/owner? He came up to me and screamed in my ear(the music was loud) as his dreads hit my face. I told him the problem, he said it wasn't his problem. I said alright that's fine, but that means that drink at the bar(which i hadn't sipped) would not be paid for because his ATM machine wasn't working. He then told me to go outside the club across the street to use theirs. I told him(politely)heck no its cold outside, its fine, I won't get the drink. He immediately caught an attitude and huffed over to the bar. I put it behind me and didn't think much of it, till i saw him and the bartender pointing at me whilst talking. I decided to leave. I had had enough, wasn't enjoying myself, I'm still scratching my head at these reviews. Maybe I went on a bad night. Maybe I'm off my rocker. Maybe other people would enjoy getting slapped in the face with dreadlocks. However it may be, I had no fun. Shrine? Ill pass. Ill come to your place during the day time though, I hear your food is good(ill bring cash).
Kind of stumbled across this place on a Friday night and it might become my new favorite bar. The deciding factor was the place boasted live music every night, so we had to check it out. We walked in and the perfect amount of people were inside: not too crowded, but just enough to make it seem like it was a place people wanted to be. I also appreciated the diversity: people young and old were enjoying themselves and the place had a refreshing lack of pretension. We sat at the bar while and awesome Latin played on stage in the back. I ordered a margarita, and even though it came out of a machine, it was SLAMMIN'. My friend ordered the chocolate souffle which we shared, which was also SLAMMIN'. So rich and decadent, and it came with cream to pour on top of it, which made it even more over the top. I kind of thought it was a bit more expensive than I liked (I would've ordered food but it didn't seem like it was a value) but this will definitely be my new drinks/entertainment/dessert spot.
Favorite place to dance and party in NYC. Somehow they have recreated a true 70s vibe here, and its been the same every time i've come. This is the kind of place where 90% of the time you ask someone to dance, they will. Prices are good. DJs are always good. I am always here after midnight, so I don't know about the live music.
This place is the hub of the alternative and world music scene in Harlem. Recently opened, word has quickly spread to the hottest underground acts from Brooklyn to Philly to Harlem.  Comedy, spoken word, music and more.
This place is awesome for live music and a no frills Harlem experience. I love this place for the reggae nights and even the African bands are great. The food is "ehhh" which is why they get four stars, but overall I would recommend this place for a date you want to be close to. This place isn't that big, but it's homey and down to earth. Worth checking out-- it's a diamond in the rough. I love all the cool old records on the walls.
This place is so much fun. You're guaranteed to have a good time if you're an open, friendly type of person. Tonight there was a live reggae band and they were amazingly talented. Then afterwards the dance floor opened and the music variety was both diverse and on point. You're most likely going to meet new people here whether you're with a group of friends or alone...very good vibes in this place. And I love that the crowd is so varied - black, white, Asian, biracial, hood, preppy, hipster, rasta... dancing, chatting, drinking together and clearly having a good  together. My mojito was delish...wish the cup was bigger and there was less ice in it for 13 bucks...but what are you gonna do...there was no cover...so can't complain too much. I will be back.
Really, really cool atmosphere.  Even the food is good, especially considering the staff has to weave through patrons (drunk ones at that), standing watching the music.  Service was also good.  No cover.  Limited seating - so there's a lot of "table stalking" going on, which is fun to observe if you've already found a seat, but sucks if you're the one doing it.  Music is great, they book international bands of all genres - and the crowd seems to be into the diversity as well.
One of the most welcoming music venues I've ever been to. Great music, drinks and people. Good times will be had!!!!
Live jazz, no cover, $4 drafts til 8pm (but doesn't apply on Sundays). Extra points for being in Central Harlem
Great musical venue, chill bar...cozy, dark, intimate, you feel like you really get to know the musicians that are performing - it's almost like they're performing just for you.  And one can't complain about $2 for a pint of the house-favorite beer.
Completely in love with this place. The atmosphere / environment were perfect and I would go back in a heartbeat. Yes to (good) live bands, an eclectic crowd and the bombest fried chicken I have EVER had :)
LOVE this place!!! Great drinks, great music, diverse crowd! Make sure you check the calendar though...spoken word can be a drag. Nice to be able to dance til 4am in my own hood, with taxis waiting outside afterwards.
I really enjoying coming here on the right night. I'm actually just cheap and if I want to stop by and get a drink after work I don't want to pay a ten dollar cover, which is the case on some evenings. Other than that this place is top notch. They have a great happy hour. If I do happen to want to listen to live music this is the place I go.
Every neighborhood needs a laid back local bar where people come and chill out, have a beer, and why not listen to some good music. The Shrine is that place for this part of Harlem: they have live music pretty much 24/7, covering a whole lot of genres from folk to jazz to rock to hip-hop to reggae and more. The walls are plastered in old vinyl album jackets, concert posters, and other music paraphernalia, just in case you didn't get it first time around. It always brings a good vibe since you can rest assured that the (mostly) young bands that play here will bring a solid retinue of friends & fellow musicians. Bar has a few beers on draft but otherwise is not memorable. Decent grub.
As a musician/band admirer in my circuit, my spectating has taken me to worship and adore them at the Shrine. Creative talent unfolds in Harlem at the Shrine for live performances of comedy, spoken word, and of course-MUSIC.  Music embodies an inviting pledge to curtail patrons to feel alive.  With a delightful good friend, The Shrine induces me to be fully immerse as a true appreciator for the craft of music by such talented musicians.  After a band's one hour and half ish set performance, a DJ continues to rip through the night with upbeat continuous music.  Emptiness never spill the scene for a dull moment at The Shrine into the late night life! Good acoustics, good quality sound of microphone equipment and background sound effects including a smoke machine spewing in ten minute intervals and a disco ball rotating light fending off an authentic a nightclub scene. This venue hosts good quality, experienced DJ's and musicians, ergo no faulty microphone or the grinding pain of skipping lyrics for a Concord to fly over patrons.  This bar is evasive for LED laser dots floating all over and vinyl record covers plaster every inch of space on the walls and ceiling of musicans/bands in nearly every genre in every year vinyl records are produced.  In Harlem Baby, Harlem!  Patrons and spectators will find vinyl record covers of: Curtis Lee Mayfield, Enya, Michael Jackson, James Cleveland, Mahalia Jackson, James Brown, Solomon Burke, Sam Cooke, et al.  Sadly many of the vinyl record covers visibly lost their adhesiveness onto the wall or ceiling and are falling from their placement.  The temperature was stifling hot upon entrance which it depicted the strong stench of incense or perhaps something more.  The scene is very dark but contains ample space for dancing of all music genres.  I have not dance to Reggae since my youth in my college days!  Seating is also available for those who choose to enjoy drinks and/or a meal together.  Surely, it is no lavish upscale nightclub or bar for dive-y but I specifically came to be immerse as a music spectator. Cover charge of $5.00 (cash only) marks one's admittance with a hand stamp.  N.B.  Patrons must have a valid photo identification for admittance of 21+ as bouncers and gate keepers are strict.  Yes, I am carded scrutinized in depth regardless of the venue or the venue's location... AIJA!
I am LOVING Harlem.. This spot had a cool vibe, live bands with some real good music... The crowd was diverse more or less (unusual for NY)... Definitely gotta go back. Apparently they serve food too.
Shrine- (noun) 1: a case, box, or receptacle; especially : one in which sacred relics (as the bones of a saint) are deposited b : a place in which devotion is paid to a saint or deity : sanctuary c : a niche containing a religious image 2: a receptacle (as a tomb) for the dead 3: a place or object hallowed by its associations The 3rd definition from the Merriam-Webster dictionary best describes what this restaurant/bar/music venue is. From the looks of the outside, I wouldn't look twice at the place in all seriousness but once you enter you will see you can't judge a book by it's cover. No cover charge by the way :-) Decorated with album covers from various artists from motown classics to african music. This restaurant is a shrine of melodies. My livingroom has records on the wall so i felt right at home once i sat down. Even some of the same albums i had were on their wall too. Along with that, their were African masks and statues that complimented the decor very well. And with my date and I both with African parents, this was something we appreciated. The place is not that large. One floor, very dim lit, small tables, and very intimate. They had a comfy spot in the back for bands to play. I pretty good jazz band was there on a wednesday night. i could see some people just came to hear some music and enjoy a drink or two. The crowd is one of the most mixed Ive encountered in a while. I loved it. It's kind of refreshing when everyone doesn't look like you but are enjoying the moment just as much. The menu was simple yet a little confusing. They had alot of "toast" on the dinner menu which I assume was like a bruschetta. Didnt sound filling enough for dinner so I order Talapia and my date ordered the grilled chicken. We both had a side order choice of couscous, rice or salad. I chose the salad which had fresh romain lettuce and just enough dressing. the fish was seasoned with out guilt. Very tasty. I always convince the person I'm with to order something different so i can eat off their pate. Needless to say, the grilled chicken was just as good. I didn't like 2 things about this place. 1- was my Mango Mojito. I didn't taste much mango at all. My date liked it because it was strong but I've tasted way better. 2- when you get a table, you can only order specialty drinks from the menu and not from the bar. For instance, I couldn't order my trusty vodka and cranberry unless I went up to the bar myself and paid for it seperately AFTER I finished dinner. That sux big time. It may not have been so bad if my mojito was good to begin with. i would have ordered a different specialty drink from the menu. If the reason behind that is because the bartenders work off only tips then I understand but atleast give me the option of going to the bar myself to pay for a seperate drink and bring it back to my meal. I don't know, maybe our waitress didn't understand what i was asking. We ended up finishing our meals then grabbing a drink from the bar. Other than that, I would give this place another shot. My 1st experience was good but not good enough to worship the Shrine
Had dinner next door and then came in for a drink. Band playing, very relaxed vibe, if I was up there, I would go back.
My cousin recently played a show here. Incredible space, love the decor. The people who frequent Shrine are friendly, amazing people, who are more than happy to show a newbie around. Plus, Anchor Steam on tap. The variety of live music that goes on here is totally incredible, plus no cover. Next time I go, I'll get there earlier so I can snag a table.
My friend is one of the owners of Shrine and I was able to preform there on it's opening night. It was a really good time. Everyone partied so hard they ran out of drinks by the end of the night. They treated my band, and everyone else there for that matter, with hospitality and respect. The club looks amazing and I can't wait to play there again.
Don't get tricked by the crowd eating and drinking on the sidewalk. There is music inside! Not to mention the delicious wings and margaritas and posters of sexy Diana Ross you can ogle while listening to cool cats crafting on the stage.
The Shrine is Harlem. Why I say that its because there such a mix and variety of acts it sums up Harlem culturally and musically that you cant really put your finger on it. The drinks are fair prices. Sometimes they charge cover but for the majority of the week they don't. The crowd has locals and non-locals so there's always a good mix of people. Definitely a place to check out.
I've never been disappointed here. Great neighborhood joint with good music every single night and you can order off the menu of my favorite neighborhood joint, Yatenga.
$3 beer on tap? And free live music? Count me in. Came here to see a friend perform a 7pm set. A great group of musicians - some students, some professionals. Very relaxed, grungy, psychedelic atmosphere - the photos give a good idea of the feel of the space. Option for table service and very chill crowd.
I went back here on a Thursday evening in December and was sooo disappointed to see that the usual hole-in-the wall soul and funk vibe was transformed into a 'techno-pop' night with a crowd and music selection that is far more west 4th Street fluff than what you'd come to Harlem for.  My friends and I turned around and headed to Lenox Lounge instead.
What a fun place to go in Harlem! Yes, as other reviewers have noted, the drinks are pricey, but I figure that makes up for the lack of a cover. And, because there's no cover, you can drop in and see who's playing, have one drink, and then leave if it's not your thing. It's loud, but you're there to listen, not to talk. My only recommendation would be to lose the tables in the front in favor of a dance floor!
I had a few beers and a beef kebab and it was very good. Nice ambience and atmosphere. The food was described to me as Senegalese which may or may not be accurate, but it was good nonetheless. Small and crowded, with little cafe tables.
What a fun hang for jazz in Harlem!  Good selection of beers  And they actually make a great hamburger too!
This bar is close to my workplace, so it's become a popular post-work happy hour haunt.  The bar has a good number of beers on tap and cheap frozen margaritas and pina colada.  They often have live music, which is an added bonus. Check it out!
This place has an amazing vibe thanks to smooth live music, decor and drinks with major flavor, and bartenders with unforgettable character. I didn't eat here bc i was too busy drinking, but the food looked darn good too. Can't wait to return!
Great spot if you love the arts, music, cool decor and a chill vibe!
Maybe this isn't fair, but I'm giving this a 3 instead of a 4 because my girlfriend's wallet was brazenly stolen from her purse here.  They were very nice about it and let us look at the camera footage, but it was clearly something that happens quite frequently.  Also its cash only (kind of annoying), and the drinks aren't that cheap given the neighborhood.  BUT, great music, nice crowd, popular local spot.
It is a nice place, which has live shows, dancing people, beautiful music, and nice martini~ I will go back here~
A place where true jazz lives. Jump on a 2 train and hop to it!
Came during happy hour, which is from 4-8pm.. its a good thing I was riding the subway home and not driving, because with $4 frozen drinks, $2 tequila shots, and half off almost all beers on tap... let's just say I left feeling GOOD. I ordered the fried chicken wings which were happy hour priced as well.. and prolly some of the best tasting fried chicken wings I've ever eaten!! They were good.. my side was fried plantains, which I much rather prefer over french fries.. overall : great experience!! ;-)
i've been here a few times, and each time i go its a different but relaxed atmosphere and i dig it!
Love this place. Great music, crowd and amazing cocktails!
This place is awesome.  The live bands are always good.  The food is delicious and not too pricey.  The drinks are good but a little expensive.  The music is free and it's usually free to go inside.  There are usually nice guys to talk to and dance with and so on.  The staff remembers me and what I drink and I am always surprised that they do.  I can always find a parking space on the street.  I dig it a lot.
Used to be my neighborhood bar when I was in NYC (in terms of proximity).  I like the staff and would give one more star but it's more of a 3.5.  The food is actually very good and there is live music just about every night.  Crowd can get kind of sketch though and there is a weird mix of couples on dates, lurking dudes and drunk-dancing ladies.  Sometimes it's the perfect storm, other times not.
Stumbled in after Yelp led to a shut-down establishment. Hidden gem ... stiff drinks, live music and non-plastic character. I'll be back!
I really like the Shrine. Just moved to the area and was looking for a lounge/bar with a chill vibe. Went on a Thursday night with some friends, and the crowd was pretty decent. They usually have performances but we just missed since we got there after midnight. If you get there before midnight it's free, but there was a small cover of $5. Love the ambiance, with lighting, record covers on the walls and ceiling, some African sculpture pieces. Staff and patrons were pretty friendly. The DJ was good and took requests, so that night he played mostly an Afro mix and reggae. There was lots of seating and space to dance (the men there do tend to ask and can be persistent). The crowd was mixed with 20 somethings and others who were 40+, but all in all was a good vibe. Will definitely be going back again. Apparently the best nights are Fri and Saturday.
All you need to know is that Shrine is a great place. Good music, friendly staff, relaxing ambiance - and great music. Just a fun place to be.
A great venue.  Sadly, though, one of the only reliable music venue's in Harlem.  There needs to be more places like this in the neighborhood.  However, they also should really consider paying the musicians a decent amount of money.  If they really want to support music in Harlem, it first starts with walking the walk, and actually financially supporting the people bringing in the customers.
I was here on 3/2/12 to see my friend's photography that was displayed on the wall. The place is great. The service and people are awesome. I will definitely visit again. Just a great place to hang and listen to some cool music.
Been here many times and always loved it but last night the bartenders gave me a reason to never come back. Bought some wine for me and my friends - 4 glasses for $22 - handed them two twenties and mistakenly asked for only three dollars back. The guy looked at me a little strange but the woman quickly jumped on it and said "give him his three dollars!" I realized my mistake when I got back to the table and and accepted the loss - but also realized that the woman knew I made a mistake, that I wasn't being that generous and pounced on it. Told my friends what happened and each one had a different story about how the bartenders had screwed them that night. I'll never go back.
I have nothing bad to say about "Shrine" and I tend to be difficult to please. What I absolutely love about this spot is that any given night there's an awesome band playing. (Every time I go, there has been a band playing....I don't know if there's a night when there is no music...you might wanna check their website for further details). Drinks are pretty strong and reasonably priced. I love the crowd and the menu. Many times, it has been difficult to get a seat but truthfully, it never messed up my experience. Drop by and enjoy!
Shrine is a coool place to hang out.  I had been looking for a place since my little spot in Brooklyn Closed last year; a comfortable spot where the bartenders are cool and can hook up your drink, introduce you to a few new ones and the patrons are respectful and all about  having a good time.  Love all the Albums on the walls.  LOVE that you will ALWAYS Find Live music Every Single Day of the Week AND that could be from Country, Blue Grass, Jazz, Open Mics, R& B, Latin etc.   I always have a great time, just having a beer or whatever and just chiling.  I love that (esp. as a lady) I dont feel uncomfortable at all there.    The Waitresses are always helpful and friendly. Shrine just seems to  genunily enjoy people and fosters a postive enviroment. OH and the Food is ALWAYS Good.  I have gone for close to a year, now and every single time I go the food is always on point.  Especially the French Fries.  Dont know what kind of Crack they are frying it in, cause its ALWAYS Fantastic.
A friend of mine and I were visiting from out of state. First of all, the entire block was poppin. When we approached the actual club we were indecisive about entering. When we made it in there wasn't much going on. So as we began to exit, many of the guys were telling us to stay and that if we come back in about an hour it would be more exciting. They promised us we would be in for a GREAT time. So we left for an hour, and as we came back we saw a horrible fight breaking out in front of the club. My friend wanted to leave but deep down inside, as I saw the fight dissipating, I wanted to go back.....We ended up leaving Harlem upon my friend's request. Much is left to be desired. The entire atmosphere was like magic. I'll never forget that feeling. All I know is the next time I'm in Harlem (which will be VERY soon) I WILL visit the Shrine, and satisfy the thirst that I was never able to quench.
Sucky drinks, very slow service, I mean it's monday not very crowded and I had to wait 45 mins for French fries?? I mean c'mon seriously? Music was ok though nice cozy atmosphere and ambiance.
Great venue for world music. Small place, intimate seating near the bands. Often (but not always) very good bands. I've seen some terrific talent here. No cover. Nice French restaurant next door for dinner.
If you're looking for live music in a relaxed setting, this is your place. No cover and several acts 7 nights per week, ranging from jazz to R&B to world music. Check out what's playing on their website and see what strikes your fancy since the types of acts are quite varied. People come and go. People bring their kids. Musicians mingle with the audience. If you arrive before 11, you should have no problem scoring a prime table. Drinks and food are pretty good. Prices include tax, which makes things so much easier. I had the guacamole, which was delicious. A friend who comes regularly raved about their lamb and couscous. The space is intimate and there is a TV screen for people in the back, but we were close to the back and had no problem seeing the stage. I love the ceiling which is covered with old vinyl covers - think Marvin Gaye, The Temptations, etc. Service is friendly, if a bit slow. No matter, this is the kind of place where you want to linger and enjoy the live beats. Definitely worth the subway/taxi ride to Harlem.
Having had a few white guys wandering around my Harlem neighborhood asking me where the Shrine was, I figured it was time I got to know my way around the hood a bit better (I recently moved here). I was very pleasantly surprised by the the good music and acoustics at this gritty and rather cramped joint, which is down-to-earth and lovable at the same time. No cover, pricey mixed drinks and cheap beer on tap explains the incredibly diverse crowd by age, race, and walk of life. The acid jazz group I came for  "identity crisis" featured a russian-language rapper at one point. I don't know that I would ride the train from Brooklyn to get there, or visit as a tourist unless my fave artist was playing, but it is sure worth a half-hour train ride. Hint: go to their excellent website calender before you go to hear sample's of the featured artists. You are more likely to be happy with what you hear.
We went on a Friday night around 10 pm and stayed likely until 1 or so. We went for a few drinks, although the server graciously explained the best of the menu and the specials with a genuine smile. In response, we ordered an apple tart to share ($7) on top of our drinks (cocktails $12+, beers $4+). I didn't try the house beer, which was the $4 one, but did try the tart... It was quite bitter amidst its tartless with a roasted cinnamon backdrop and looked more like a smashed apple pie sans crust (the definition of a tart by Martha Stewart = one crust). I would recommend against it. But, given that the prices on normal appetizers are pretty reasonable, I might return to try those, especially since, though not at all very full with people, it was a decent place with a pub feel--the ability to talk and party all at the same time. Plus, there was free live music. And, if you are afraid of Harlem, it's not too far a stray from the train station.
i came here this past weekend for a friends birthday about 1am sunday morning and had a great time plus it was only a $5 cover! the DJ was awesome! they played a little bit of everything like old school reggae, dancehall, techno, 90s dance music, pop, hip hop, R&B, etc.  i'll be back again for sure
comfortable space, friendly staff, a very genuine feel, tasty specialty drinks, diverse live acts, out of the way location,
Have been to this venue maybe 5 times and heard both really good music and extremely mediocre. The live music can be outstanding, depending on the band; and last night it was. Had dinner and 3 bottles of wine, cuz the cost per bottle from the waitress was $15/bottle!!!  Three of us heard this and said, "Wow, we're gonna be drunk tonight!"  The wine itself was not very good, but heck, for $15 who's gonna complain? Had a great time, dinner was okay-not the finest fare, but good enough.  The bill showed up around 2:30am.  The wine was $50/bottle.  Go figure.  Make sure your waitress' lovely accent isn't costing you- ask her to write it down!!!
THis is More Like an African Bar with alot of Europeans and Africans or Hipster White Crowd that Usually go this Place, it's not Bad but it's not good either, They do not have a Big Bar Selection, but they do have Happy Hour evryday 4pm to 8pm, the Drinks are usually in this Plastic Glass and the Seating is Good, the Food I give a 6 out of 10, and the Band is Usually White or Asian and White Jazz Band, they rarely do not book black bands that much, I Wonder Why? hmmmm anyway after the Bands are Gone after Midnight they Put a Asian DJ There who is alright but not great, Tired to listen to the same musik everyday he plays, But it alright, anyway i give it 3 stars, ps, they do charge at the door after 8pm and also the waiter service is alright but they will charge you a Very High fixed Tip even if you by yourself or with 2 people so be aware of this high Charge on your bill, Ex. if your bill is $10.00 the waiter might put a $3.00 surcharge and the more you spend the more the surcharge tip is I remember one time i spent with my friend $30.00 dollars for some little hard half chicken wings and salty fries and the waitress added a $7.50 tip for herself , my friend payed a $10.00 surcharge tip, it was crazy well anywho check out the place if you want too it's a Hit or Miss type of Bar!
I just love this place! Starting from great music (not every band, but most of them) and awesome sound over to very friendly staff and nice prices. Friendly or better say family atmosphere. All those records on the walls are amazing touch!
