Love this place. Good vibe, good food, Good music. The drinks are cheap and of good quality. I usually went for Thursday happy hours , cant drink for a bit but I will be back. Soon enough.
I always have a great time at Agua Roja. The drinks are strong and the hookah is always good. They have a lot of different flavors and it's always fun to pick. The sangria is really yummy. I haven't been here for the food but I've heard nothing but good things. I usually go with a group of friends after 11:00pm, and whether it's packed or not, its always super fun. I went a few weeks ago at around 12:00am and we stayed until closing time, I didn't want to leave. It's not expensive at all and the quality of service you receive is superb. What I like the most is that it's super laid back, you don't have to come here in heels and a tight dress or to drop "mad" money for bottles, which is what a lot of the Dyckman area establishments are about. They have great happy hour deals and I can't wait to be back soon for that.
Let me start this review off by stating the obvious... there aren't that many hookah bars uptown. Bars or lounges that have hookah service, yes, but bars that are specifically "hookah bars" are few and far between. Agua Roja Hookah Bar & Lounge is located in Inwood, specifically Dyckman. It's actually within walking distance of the 1 subway line if you don't feel like driving and looking for parking in the neighborhood. Agua Roja is a tiny lounge and late at night (after 10PM) they bring out the DJs to play all the tunes, from house to reggaeton. Obviously, being that uptown the majority of the crowd is Dominican, but they definitely play all kinds of music and not just Latin tunes. I noticed both times I went they had a couple of DJs lined up and ready to play so you definitely get a ton of variety. Now I have always believed in the fact that the staff of any establishment definitely determines whether or not you come back. The staff at Agua Roja, from security guards to bartenders, are all extremely friendly and very approachable. My only suggestion would be to come back during the summer time. The night life in and around Dyckman just isn't the same during the dead of winter.
When you don't feel like dressing up and you're on budget this is your go to place, Agua Roja. The location really sucks! But it's hidden, like a hole in a wall. I'm very familiar with the Dyckman neighborhood, so I have visited this place all year around. For the winter time is warm inside and their happy hour specials run pretty good. For the summer time it gets better! Their margaritas are really, really good & inexpensive. The bar covers pretty much anything on your alcohol list, except for selective beers and fine quality wine. Shots and hookah go hand by hand here! they sure know how to keep that coming. The bartenders are a "B" nice girls, but not professionals so they have very little knowledge in mixology/ preparation of cocktails. The food is tasty, I have tried their tuna sandwich and wings but, my favorite part of their plates is the French fries; these fries are crunchy, taste fresh, and I think they use sea salt so it never feels like you have to add extra salt or even pepper. The atmosphere is ratchet fun & urban ghetto, lol. Like I said, it's a place you go to kick it and have very little care as what to wear. If you're a very prissy person and will easily be fussed by regular customer service, this is not the place for you.
Great hookah and service!  We randomly came across this and it is a hidden gem.  It's small but great for hanging out.
This spot is teeny tiny but please don't let that stop you from coming in here. The music is absolutely amazing and the guy at the door is a nice guy. All these cute little Hispanics siting around smoking hookah and of course staring in amazement at our ability to dance so hard for so long. Energizer bunny moves. We just don't stop. They played this reggae Spanish stuff for a while. Not reggaeton. At least it didn't sound like reggaeton but reggae. Just Spanish. I don't know. I loved it. (I was later informed that this is called Dembow and I LOVE IT !) They had some good hip hop joints and everything was mixed to perfection. Didn't buy any drinks. Didn't pay any cover. Also didnt do any hookah. It's a small spot but if you're interested in dancing until your legs are nearly burning this is the place for you. No drama and everyone was decent. There wasn't a lot of people dancing. As I said almost everyone was just chilling with their hookah but the music is so friggin good I don't even understand how they were able to just sit there. I loved every minute of it and would gladly return.
5 stars for Aqua Roja!! Another spot where I literally can't find a thing to critique! Just a short hop, skip, and jump from the 1 train, people flock here and cram in because it's just that live, and it's free all night. I have yet to buy myself a drink/ hookah because every single time I come here I always get free shots, (usually Hennesee) which alone deserves a star, and people are always willing to share their hookah (yes, I get my own mouth piece). They do have $2 tequila shots which you just can't beat- except when they're free of course, and they also have amazing fish bowls here from JASM- J. Adoniis Signature Mixology (I've had his drinks at other spots before and they're really really good). Oh and let me not forget to mention the over 20 flavors of hookah they have to offer. Now, Aqua Roja is pretty tiny, but don't let it's small size fool you... It's packed with a party party crowd, colorful lights, an amazing dj, and awesome staff members! Considering it's tiny size, the bathroom is actually spacey, and you now I love a good full body mirror (added bonus). The Dj  plays mostly Dembow, which is like Dominican style reggae, and happens to be my FAVORITE type of music. He also throws hip hop, merengue, tipico, reggae, and bachata into the mix as well. The thing that I LOVE most is that if your not sitting around inhaling the hookah pipe it's because your up shaking dat azzz. It's like people know the deal before they arrive...this is not a sit and chat type of spot; it's boisterous and loud, so take a hit on the hookah and keep it moving. I usually come on Fridays or Saturdays, but on Sundays they have flip cup and beer pong which I'm sure gets pretty wild. I love the domincan vibes here and the fact that it's a pretty local crowd because everyone is just chillin and enjoying themselves! The staff members who work here are sooo wonderful and pleasant to deal with. Always very helpful and attentive! Always extremely friendly and genuinely look happy to be working here. I love coming to Agua Roja. It's so worth the trip from Queens, and definitely the perfect pre-game spot (although you might just wind up staying here all night). I cant wait to go back and try the food!!!
When ppl say this place Is small,  they aren't kidding. The place is about the size of a small studio apartment, but I will say the music, food, and drinks are pretty good. Their only downside is the hookah...absolutely horrible cheap little $10 Chinese hookah in a cage. They use the nasty quick lite coals, and don't give u new one when it dies out. The worst part about it that they charge $20 bucks for that crap and a extra $10 if u want starbuzz flavor -_- . The place is decent for a quick few drinks but if your a true hookah smoker this is definitely not the place to go
Was introduced to this place by a friend who lives in the area. The bar is nice very clean and the people who work there are really friendly.  You can't really beat 2 dollar Tequila shots and buckets of beer for 15 bucks!!! They have a couple tv's which usually have some sort of sports event on them. There is background music which varies so you don't listen to Spanish or hip hop all night they mix it up! The food is pretty tasty but I heard they may not be serving food for much longer. (hope they change their mind). Fun vibe, cute bartender and 20 different flavors of Hookah (strawberry and watermelon are great!) if you just want to chill knock back a brew or down a couple cheap shots this is the place.
Great music,great food,amazing customer service and the best drink specials ever!!! I will definitely be making my way there soon
Traveled here specifically to try the fishbowls's by JASM and was NOT dissapointed.  Best fishbowls in Manhattan.  Try the Uptown Punisher.  And btw the Hooka was fantastic!
This place is small but the music fad vibe were geat, I had a wonderful time eve though I went during the week, pretty sure it gets uncomfortably packed weekends.
Let me tell u I'm a very picky person and by far this is the best chill spot uptown.... *The food is great *The hookah is great *The drinks are great *The owner is a cool down to earth person *The music is great and they have great happy hour pricing... I wouldn't mind going there everyday!!!
Definitely a fan of Agua. Great ownership and a great team of associates at Agua Roja. With that being said, I have been an avid, consistent customer at Agua and I have to point out to ownership in regards to the "security guard" or whatever he thinks he is at the front door. Let me further enlighten you; As I was getting ready to walk out of the establishment, some hoodrat standing in the way of the exit did not want to move. I had to slither in between her and a gentlemen to my right side. I politely said excuse me as I was exiting Agua. As I somehow managed to slide through, the hoodrat to my left digs her elbow into me.... I stop and turn to her as she quickly glances over at me with a grimace and let her know that was not called for. Mind you, the airhead security guard was using his flashlight to guide me out so he was VERY aware of what happened. Anyway, this hoodrat has the nerve so I give her e piece of my mind and of course her tiguere boyfriend or whatever grills me.. and then I stand my ground and tell him to teach his girl some manners. This is when the airhead security guard grabs me and pulls me outside... So I proceed to give him the 411. I told him to handle that situation better the next time and to disperse any unnecessary confrontations  that may arise. The security guard got heated... grabbed my collar and threatened me with his flashlight (real tough). I stood my ground... told him he was wrong in the way he is handled the whole situation. He got sensitive and kept trying to intimidate me which ultimately failed. For him to violently grab me by the collar and act as if he was going to do something... was totally uncalled for. I do hope management addresses this issue with this guy as I feel he is unfit at his position. As someone who holds a degree in CJ and extensive coursework in psychology, I have to say that this guy is unstable and could deter potential customers in the near future because of his wild antics. Straighten up.... I know who you are. I don't forget.
Eek! Methinks not is right! Ghetto...ghetto...and...ghetto, with a side order of ratchetness.  This establishment is across the street from the projects...umm no no.
