This place is a hidden gem! And its literally hidden on a side street. But it has a lot of traffic, so it's noticeable. The food is on point! Wings are great! Had a burger that was delicious. House made fries were also good. Great flank steak too. Always cooked to order. Great liquor selection, especially Bourbon and Scotch.  Good tap beers too. Mike the owner is true to his business and looks to keep his customers pleased. Come and check this place out... You won't be disappointed.
We just moved to Tuckahoe and were looking for a place to watch Sunday Night Football. We decided to check out Tuck'd Away Bar and really enjoyed it. When we first walked in the music was up really loud but as the game continued they turned the music off and turned up the TV. The bartender was super nice, food came out quick and there were awesome Sunday night football specials (cheap beer, 50 cent wings, 2 dollar sliders etc.). So good. The food was great and I got to try some of the Broken Bow Brewery beer! Overall good experience and we'll definitely go back!
I was very excited to see another local bar open in the neighborhood. I decided to do a walk by with my BF last week and maybe go in for a beer. As we walked by we a saw a group of guys monopolizing the bar and being very loud. They obviously knew the owner/bartender by the rowdiness we saw. It looked like a group of guys having a party in their parents basement and wanted to be left alone. It came across very unwelcoming and non inviting to an outsider. I told my BF I did not want to walk into the place, and he agreed! It is very unlikely we would revisit. This review is an honest unbiased assessment of what we witnessed..
Kind of a random location on the corner but I guess it gives life to the name of the restaurant. I got the shrimp and avocado wrap which was delicious, but the Cajun fries on the side were wayyyy too salty. My dad's regular fries were also really salty. They say that the fries are homemade but they definitely didn't look and taste like it. My side salad was also drenched in dressing, will ask for it on the side next time. I will go back eventually and try something else.
Come try the Nachos. You "think" you have tried nachos before, but these are on another level entirely. First off, they serve tons of it, so it should not even be on the Appetizer Menu. Finally, I think the Service was sent to Cheese Mixing University. Because the melted cheese is perfectly balanced on the plate & never seems to run out each & every time I order this appetizer. Atmosphere is very nice/modern & soothing eventhough it might have that "dive look" from the outside before you enter.
Great place, with great food and great people. A really awesome setup if you want to hang out at the bar, they even have two lounges where you can sit on a leather couch and watch the game, and a great restaurant side with tables etc. the food is so fresh everything is homemade even the salad dressing! I just had the best homemade wings of my life! I can't wait to come back.
I've been to here 3 times now because there are so many items on the menu I want to try! I have not been disappointed yet. The chick pea burger is incredible, but huge, so come hungry for that one. The Mac and cheese is to die for. I sampled the flat breads that my friends ordered and both were delicious. The drinks are tasty as well. I have found it's more restaurant by day and transitions to bar/lounge by night, both of which I've enjoyed. I did one night of trivia, which was also fun. Give it a shot! I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Simple but elegant and tasty menu! Decor is charming. Dinner by day, bar/lounge by night. Drinks were especially delicious. The Bonbons a must to finish the nite alongside a Tuck Chata martini!
This place is a joke. So far, the only people I know who have enjoyed it are friends/family of the owners. Tuckahoe just isn't the place for a lounge. Food is okay, there is a chocolatier which really just seems bizarre to me in the type of place that it is, but it is good chocolate so that's cool. Normal drinks, nothing too special. I drive by every night on the way home from work, it has yet to be packed which doesn't seem like a great sign. This place would be awesome in White Plains or Manhattan or some other fist-pumping location, not quaint Tuckahoe. I think they have the capability to make it more appropriate to the location, but so far they haven't yet. I wish they had brought it back to what it was - a local bar with some pool tables. That's what we need in this town.
Great place!! Food is delicious and the owner is very nice. Very modern and great look on the inside! I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family!
Pleasant surprise when you walk in, it's such a cute lounge with modern furniture and a really nice staff. I made the horrific mistake of giving up pasta for lent, I have never in my life seen a better looking Mac and cheese and am so sad I didn't get to try it, my friend did and LOVED it
Went for lunch and totally enjoyed my meal.  I had the Shrimp and Avocado Wrap with a side of Roasted Eggplant Brushetta and was not disappointed.  The brushetta is incredible.  Waitress was very friendly.  Will go back even though I live in Forest Hills.
Great bartenders, hopefully ure lucky to get cait. Awesome owner and amazing wings!!! I live a block away with 4 bars around that have been opened for years but yet this is my favorite. This bar is going to go far!!
I have been a fan from the moment they opened the doors. Creative spins on classic bar food, very reasonably priced drinks, great happy hour, and i now can say i know the difference between a bonbon and a piece of chocolate after trying theirs (peanut butter jelly bonbon, WOW).
Amazing drinks, the only thing better was the food.  Ordered four types of wings and fried pickles, best I've eaten anywhere.  Mac & cheese, salmon, bruschetta flatbread and chick pea burger outstanding.  Almost forgot the "out of this world" chocolate Bon Bons.  There's no doubt food is all freshly prepared. Great atmosphere and fantastic gourmet food.  You would think you were in the city! Tuck'd Away is the whole package!!!
The food is great and not too pricey either like most places in Tuckahoe. I've been in here a few times so far, and last time every table was taken which is a good sign! Chicken Wrap is excellent & so is the mac & cheese! YUM! Owner & staff are extremely friendly too :)
