Since moving into the neighborhood a few months ago it took us a while to discover this place and I've been kicking myself about not wandering down 238th street sooner ever since. I haven't even been in for any of the live music (oldy-oldpants over here does a lot of day drinking these days) but just the fact that they HAVE live music is enough for me. Not to mention poetry, plays, and open mic, this is the type of place every neighborhood sorely needs but few and far between can boast having. The food is awesome. I've had the steak sandwich twice and sampled the burger. Huevos rancheros were a little on the small side portion wise but booh-hoo I didn't have leftovers. The fact that the brunches come with a free drink for 8-12 $ more than makes up for it. There's outdoor seating and they brought my dog water, with ice, the spoiled little brat. The decor inside is eclectic and homey and I'm psyched to start hanging there in the winter as well. The staff has been really nice, and this may sound silly, but having moved from a town heavily populated with Irish it's kind of comforting to hear them chattering amongst themselves in Irish in the background of my brunch. :-) So glad we found this awesome spot!
I was at Mr. McGoo's enjoying one of their many backyard venues, when I ran into this cat who suggested that I head over to An Beal Bocht Cafe if I really loved music. I do. I do. I really do. As soon as a stepped into this establishment the vibe of the place sank into my marrow. It could have had a lot to do with the croonings of Burning Spear on Keith's iPod. An Beal Bocht Cafe and I became fast friends. In the following..... sorry blanked out for a minute, Al Green just came on. Speaking of which, in the following weeks after this, I was awed by open mic talent in the neighborhood, treated to Blue Vision [pictured] and some fine Nawlands second line, and others nights lots of indy, folk, blues, and reggae. And as I list these genres, the names do little justice to the intensity with which the bands here play. I love intimate settings just for that. An Beal Bocht Cafe has been an institution in the Riverdale hood for 23 years according to Keith. It has expanded to two rooms. They put on a plethora of events. Okay the food. Excellent. Burger [pictured], I've had a few times. Definitely making my top 100 burgers in NYC list. The Shepard's Pie was suggested to me by a patron. Yeah, I could see why he orders it pretty much every time. The dessert is... sinful. I know a lot of people throw this word around, especially in advertising. This don't know what the heck they're talking about. When I say sinful, I mean the makers are thinking only of taste in the preparation. And from the first bite you must refrain yourself from ordering another plate prior to finishing the first. Then they throw in the occasional backyard barbeque to sweeten the pot. If I sound like I'm gushing. It's because I am. This place saved my experience here in the Bronx. Brooklyn, Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and now the Boogie Down Bronx with a lot more boogie thanks to An Beal Bocht.
It's in the middle of nowhere Riverdale. I honestly don't think you can get here unless it's with a car. I suggest you find that car or that person that's gonna drive you there because this place is on point!! Happy hour (4-7PM) $4 well drinks $5 wines $3 beers on draft They have poetry Tuesday, open Mic night, comedians & bands. A creative, festive, genuine decoration theme and the Irish men are everywhere. Service is great, drinks not watered down. This is the kind of place you can adopt as your own. Come here and support!
simply love this bar. my favorite in the neighborhood great beer, excellent music, great service, nice people, ... I'm definitely gonna miss this place when I move out
Love the live music and wraps.the outdoor seating is great being that most neighborhood places dont have .the staff is friendly and drinks are good
We walked in to such a warm greeting! It's got a homey feel and the food was delicious. Very safe area with tons of different people. They have live music some nights of the week and a nice selection of beer. New favorite hangout!
Came here with three others to support a friend during their Tuesday Open Mic Night. Was really impressed by the quality of the performances. So many impressive musical performances. The food was also surprisingly good! The burger I got was superb. Everyone else liked the food they ordered too. A bit hard to get a drink at the bar but nice drink selection. Decent prices. I would totally come here more often if it wasn't so far away.
If you love beer, definitely come here! Great selection. It's also kid-friendly if you go on Saturday and Sunday afternoons. Staff is really friendly and they have a few benches outside for when the weather is nice.
Friendly service,  relaxed atmosphere, good background music, acceptable barfly floosies.
An Beal Bocht is the greatest Irish Pub anywhere! It is like walking into Dublin after a hard day of work. The drinks flow smoothly, the staff is like family, the place is way larger than the photos portray here on Yelp, and despite several one star reviews for the food, I LOVE their Shepherds Pie! Honestly though, I don't go to an Irish Pub to eat, I go to drink and meet new friends, and that always happens at this place. Also, I consider myself a bit of a "music Nazi" in that if I walk into a place and don't enjoy the band, I leave. In all the years I have been going to An Beal Bocht, that has NEVER happened. I don't know who finds the talent for this place but they have a keen sense for great music! Unlike many venues, the volume is acceptable enough to be able to have a conversation, and there is even an art gallery in the adjoining room where you can enjoy your drink at lower volume, yet still appreciate the band through a large window. I really do love this place and recommend it to anyone wishing to have a calm, enjoyable night out with friends.
I found a dead roach in my dinner ! The bartender handled the situation well, but it was the grossest experience of my life. This was the first and only time I will ever eat food here. The bar is cool, the drinks are great, but eat at your own risk.
I LOVE An Beal Bocht. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is entirely not it's fault: sadly, a real frat kinda crowd drives me away on the weekends I'd like to go here. It's like all the rich kids from Riverdale come here and bring their obnoxious friends! Still, avoiding Friday and Saturday nights-this is THE BAR I like to go to in the Bronx. The staff is pretty great, the bar itself is nicely appointed, and those Irish breakfasts are usually scrumptious!
Two years later I finally come to you! I shop around you, I do laundry around you, and finally, I visit you. What a nice little secret for a Sunday morning. On the evenings it is much crowded, but I can see myself coming here with a book in the early morning when it's not as packed. I love the atmosphere and decor. My meal left much to be desired (thus the minus 1 star). $9 for a huevos rancheros that consisted of a meal I could have put togethr at home =/ Looking forward to trying somethig else.
Absolutely delicious food. I had a plain old boring vegetable chicken soup that was nothing but boring, it was bursting with flavor and made with fresh vegetables.  So good.  I also had a Toasty - Irish type of grilled cheese. Amazing. I couldn't eat it all but it was outstanding.  I will definitely go here again.  The space is very casual, family oriented.
What a great spot. I felt like I was back in Dublin. The live Irish music was awesome, the food was tasty, and the prices are fair. There was only one woman tending to all of the tables - which I thought was kind of insane, but she kept up, and the service was fast!
Considered "Riverdale's Best Kept Secret"...until now. An Beal Bocht (or The Poor Mouth) is perhaps the most Irish Irish bar in New York. Their sister cafe, with the same name, is a favorite spot for me to hit up when I visit Dublin. So I was excited to try this place out. The tiny cafe's walls are covered with newspaper clippings and photos that showcase the history of the Emerald Isle. I had their traditional Irish breakfast, which seriously reminded me of eating in Ireland. Just mounds of fatty goodness like eggs, sausage, Irish bacon, home fries and beans. You can wash down this heart attack on a plate with one (or all) of their alcoholic beverages. Besides their "perfectly pint" of Guinness, they offer Smithwicks (my 2nd fav beer), Woodpecker Cider, Stella, Bass and Brooklyn Ale. A few nights a week, the cafe is converted into a music hall, in which Irish folk tunes are played. Other nights they offer karaoke, quiz night and book readings.
I recently was staying nearby on a business trip and we first went by An Beal Bocht ("The Poor Mouth") on a Saturday afternoon for a meeting with some drinks.  The couple I was staying with live just around the corner and are some of those frequent customers I would come to be jealous of later. This place has such a calming feel during the day with soft tones, comfortable seating, and quality Irish teas and coffees.  It sort of got in my head after awhile as a place that figured out what exactly what I wanted in a mid-day coffe shop.  Then... Sunday night rolled around and we went back (at my yearning) for "Trad Sessions."  It was like being whisked away to the old country.  The place transformed from hip coffee shop to off-the-hook, late night bar.  Trad Sessions involve anybody with an instrument showing up to play traditional irish pub music.  It was like a pot luck of music to my ears. We ordered the sausage rolls with beans and brown bread.  The bread seemed to be made fresh, the beans were beans, and the sausage rolls gave dignity to the sweet swine that was.  What makes this place great is their bartender, wait staff who kept us laughing, and the locals who would fill your beer and put it on your tab for them.  That was so awesome.  You've gotta love a place that'll let you serve yourself.  It creates a real familial atmosphere. Whether its conversation, finely temperatured brew, or fatty goodness, you may enter An Beal Bocht with a "poor mouth," but you'll leave feeling very rich.
The perfect place to drink an Irish car bomb or Black and Tan on St. Patrick's Day, or any other day for that matter. Bonus points for having Smithwicks on the beer menu. Ambiance is wonderful. Love the painted missus so busy stirring her cauldron she's got her fanny facing outward. The signage exhorting goat owners that they cannot keep their goats on property after having received said notice, really caught my eye, as did the license plate that expounds a hearty "Pog Mo Thoin"- ha! Cozy and comfortable, they serve a mean corned beef and cabbage. The accompanying boiled potatoes and soda bread were superlative. I'm so not a bread or potato kind of gal, so this is high praise. One star subtracted from what would be five star for the abysmal service. Lots of smart locals take to going behind the bar and serving themselves. Adding the menu as it's hard to come by, not being listed on the venue website: Breakfast Fresh scones, bagels, rolls and breads w/butter,jams, cream cheese, etc. Eggs with your choice of bacon, sausage,cheese, Irish beans, home fries. *Traditional Irish Breakfast - Eggs, sausage, Irish bacon, black & white pudding , home fries and beans served w/ brown bread. *Vegetarian Irish Breakfast - Eggs, Irish beans, tomatoes mushrooms and home fries served with brown bread. ALWAYS AVAILABLE Home made soups , sandwiches, assorted salads LUNCH AND DINNER An Beal Bocht Burger with your choice of toppings. Fresh Hot Pizza with your choice of toppings. Sausage Rolls w/beans and brown bread. Shepards Pie with salad Chicken Curry with rice and salad. Irish Stew with brown bread. * Irish Bacon, cabbage and potatoes served with salad. DESSERTS Rice Pudding w/ fresh cream Apple Pie w/ fresh cream Carrot Cake Assorted Irish Chocolates Coffee, Teas We also serve Irish , French and Mexican Coffees * Expresso, Cappucino and Iced Cappucino BEVERAGES Besides our "Perfect Pint" of Guinness, we proudly serve on tap: Harp , Bass , Woodpecker , Stella , Smithwicks, Brooklyn and the brew of the month. BOTTLED Bud ,Coors Light, Heineken, Amstel Light,Corona ,O'Douls plus the brews of the month.
Always seems to be someone in here drinking. I like that in a bar. Bartenders are little on the slow side, seem to be doing something other than tending the bar. Still, it's not a bad place to sit and have a beer. Interesting variety of people bellying up to this bar. Students from nearby Manhattan college, older Irish dudes from the 'hood and 30something couples.
I'm not a huge fan of Irish bars -- they're like New Orleans restaurants in the Midwest or somewhere -- but the two I really enjoy are both in Irish nabes in the Bronx. One part authenticity fetish, one part not explicitely catering to aging frats and yuppies. Anyway, this place has great character, friendly bartenders, good music, good vibe. I don't know if you'll be in the Bronx, but if you are, here's a nice spot for a drink or some food.
Great place! Loved the atmosphere, it felt a little hipster-y but it was cool nonetheless. The food was awesome! I like the fact that they have so many beers available, and the prospect of live music in a chill environment, not far from home is always going to get bonus points from me! I particularly enjoyed the decor, it almost felt like you were in a time warp, looking at all the Irish regalia and history that lined the walls. I definitely feel this place is worth checking out, and look forward to going back soon! Try the bangers and mash!
Update: They added a new side room, so there is lots of space, plus they have free wi-fi. This makes it a great place to go during the day to do work or just hang out! I don't drink beer and this place has cider, so that makes it awesome in my book. I love the live music, the lack of a cover charge and the laid-back atmosphere. The best part is...no one under the age of 23, so no annoying, drunk college kids--just regular neighborhood people chilling out. The food is nothing special but it's cheap and won't kill you.
I've been putting off writing a review for An Beal for some time now, and for 2 reasons. 1) I want it to remain MY local bar and not yours. 2) I don't really know what to say. I'll put it as simply as I can. I love An Beal. Everything about it. The outdoor seating, the crazy pictures on the wall, the beer, the food, the tiny cramped bathrooms that you can hardly turn around in, the bartenders, the live music, the not-live music, the free wifi, the bartenders (yes, twice), the art "gallery" in the back, the copper bar, the dogs, the wooden floors, some of the crazy riverdalians, and, well, the bartenders (obviously my favorite part ...) I suppose I'll finally have to admit that I'm a regular now...
When happiness is contagious Bright smiles Comes from within To be enchanted Where it is noticeable by others For my poetry writing is voiced and acknowledged In the merriment of fellow poets, writers and emerging musicians When happiness is contagious Where the demise and disrespect are none Only dreams of what may possibly become For I am not in a state of despair I'm still ALIVE!! When happiness is contagious For I've learned not to depend on others to make me happy Where my happiness initiate from me Laughter induces levity Smiles enlighten my inner spirit That the sun is shining through My love light is glowing That I'm free as a bird To conquer new adventures As life is short to be unhappy My poetic travels has disembark a noteworthy stop to An Beal Boucht on a Wednesday night for an open-mike. With my good sincere, respectful poetic friends of writers I was having the time of my life where enhanced by good food and somewhat good selections of drinks. Space encompasses good acoustics and a clear audible microphone with an attentive audience of appreciative interest makes a world of difference to performers like myself. An Irish pub where the upper level of An Beal Bocht Cafe was detached from the bar and only accessible from the second entrance outside. Under the bar contains hooks for personal belongings to hold a place without touching the floor.  An Beal Bocht Cafe is accessiby via #1 train to 238th Street and walk up the steps or the Bx7 bus to 238th Street. Angry Buffalo wings are hell spawn hot which are not for the faint weak tongue. Our pizza was the unfortunate burnt. Service is somewhat attentive yet courteous and friendly with a smile.  My burger was dried but two glasses of Pinot Noir enticed me to be just me. The week's lineup of live entertainment and events is surely no shortage for an abundancy of merriment. Wednesday night for an open-mike poetry performance in DA BRONX expels all poison of the demise and dismissive fools!
Great meal.   Foods are delicious.   I ate Shepard pie and fries.   Services are good.
The worst fish and chips I've ever had in my life.   Incredibly thin piece of fish with a weird coating of some kind of indeterminate crust (not a batter as it should be)...definitely a greasy food service product.   Left me feeling like a had a brick in my stomach after eating a lunch that was provided by the lowest bidder!   One star for a decent pint of Guinness, but otherwise a total disappointment.   We won't be going back.
This place is A-OK!  The Irish breakfast is a great way to wake up; go ahead and serve yourself some coffee while you're at it, and stare at the wall of booze that made you sick last night.  The coffee is merely okay, but it's cheap -- which makes it hard to complain.  Your breakfast will taste better if you don't stray from the Irish breakfast. I was visiting family in the Bronx and located this Irish enclave; the odd little ethnic enclaves that still persist are something I find hilarious and pretty neat about NYC.  (And yes, I know those two adjectives probably don't belong in such close proximity.)  Woke up here by reading the paper for a couple of my mornings here - the bartender was always friendly, which was nice.
Come back Sunday morning for breakfast! They have a delicious Irish breakfast with eggs, potatoes, black & white pudding, rashers, beans and sausage.  It's seasoned just right, and not too salty / greasy. This $12 brunch dish includes a mimosa with a very generous amount of champagne!  In addition to the great food, the music playing at this time is nice and mellow, the perfect theme for a Sunday afternoon.  Oh, and the waitresses are total sweethearts !
Definitely feels like an Irish bar where you'll see people from all walks of life. If you're coming here and expecting an exclusive 20 something group, you may be disappointed. I cherish this local hang out where the owners know the regulars by their names. Outdoors, they have a sidewalk cafe type seating and small dog friendly (outdoors). Indoors you'll see a bar type seating area and more of a relaxed soft seating, tables and bar stool area. Um... be prepared to see lots of eclectic decorations. Overall, a fun bar with good drinks and alright service. Sometimes they have live music too!
I loved this place! It has a cute charm, and the flyers and events going are really exciting! Quiz Night! We went on a Monday during the summer and it was pretty quiet, but the service was fabulous and charming. One of the waiters attended University of Dundee in Scotland, so even the staff is authentic. Being British myself, I found the food pretty authentic! I had Bangers and Mash- my absolute favorite, and it was quite good. Almost like home! with heinz baked potatoes! That really made me excited! We sat outside, which was really nice and surprisingly not too loud. It did get chilly after a bit, but then again I am from California. Overall, a wonderful experience and a reminder of home- the poor mouth, the gaelic pub.
Cute place to drinkbeer and hear live music.
My husband and I have always considered this quaint cafe our spot.  It's perfect for a pint and a big bowl of rice pudding (ask for it warmed up with a touch of cinnamon).  Most of the servers (and a good portion of the patrons) are Irish, so you'll hear great jokes, great accents and great music every visit.  And with their added space, it's even more of a good thing.
The best pub in the Bronx. Great place to relax solo or with company, the place does has it's fair share of unsavory humans as any place that serves alcohol does, but you are guaranteed to strike up conversation with intelligent folk too (the lack of television also helps a great deal. thank goodness). Beal Bocht might be the only bar in the Bronx without huge flashing screens on every available wall. Sounds crazy I know, but instead of flat screens they feature talented artists each month. Oh and the alcohol selection is topnotch.
So my friend walks into this pub just two steps behind me the other night, stops dead in his tracks, widens his eyes, and says: "There's a fucking baby in here!!!!!!" That's a good introduction for this place. It's a real pub. A public house in an authentic sense, and I love it. It's great to stop by for a pint at any point, or a quiet lunch and coffee during the day. Something has to be said for a place where you can nurse a hangover that you brought on in the same place just a few hours earlier. The food is good, although all I've had to eat there was a veggie burger, and how much can you tell about a pub from a veggie burger? The real reason this is an excellent establishment is the atmosphere. It's cozy, usually has live music, nice art on the walls, and pretty calm. It's maybe the only place I can go for a drink on a Friday night and actually have a conversation with someone. Also a lot of the staff and patrons are actually Irish which is another boost to its authenticity. During the day you can find people from all age groups, well not many kids (babies being the exception), just enjoying a nice quiet afternoon out at their favorite neighborhood spot. They have an excellent selection on tap, and the staff is very friendly. Sometimes I'm with a group, and they'll single me out as the only one to get carded, but when it comes to me that can't be helped. When I've gone during a night out it typically hasn't been too crowded, which is nice. It's not one of those loud and obnoxious bars. The only time its ever been really packed for me was on St. Patty's Day (for obvious reasons). But it was still a very fun night... maybe too fun, and I met some great people. The music was excellent and everyone was having a great time. I'm not completely sure how, but I ended up talking to a lot of people that I didn't know throughout the night. Being a fun place on St. Patty's is rather conducive to loosing track of how much you've had to drink. So the question of the day is: Did I or did I not develop an Irish accent after beer #6? It was pretty loud in there that night so it's tough to say... I hope. Has something like that ever happened before? No comment. Have I picked up other accents when in proximity to others with said accents (with or without the aid of alcohol)? No comment. Did I get tossed out on my ass? Nope... and that's my story.
My friend put me on this place as a cool place to bring a chick in the afternoon. So we went one day had a few beers and some really good food.. HUGE tuna sandwich on great bread. The decor is cool. Bartenders and staff are awesome. i love this place. Its nice to go out front and laugh at the college idiots down the street too. Its good they stay out of there.
How did I wait more than 11 years before re-visiting this place? I went several times many years ago, and I remember finding it smoky. Now, other than the lack of smokers indoors, it's unchanged. I had an extremely delicious draft beer (a summer wheat beer) and a small sandwich. Such a relaxing atmosphere, nice servers, nice crowd, and reasonable prices. To be unique in New York City is an accomplishment, to be savored.
Good food, cheap drinks, live Irish music on Sunday afternoons.
I used to go to the Beal Bocht Cafe when it first opened.  I have moved away since then and came back to the "old neighborhood to reminisce.  I came for dinner and they were busy at the bar.  The live Irish folk music was wonderful.  But the service was nonexistent.  The bar tender told me to take a seat and she will bring me a menu.  I waited 45 min. and never saw anyone serving the tables and never received a menu.  I was once told by a friend that if they don't recognize you as a regular customer they won't serve you.  Maybe they were right?  It's a shame because I had fond memories of the cafe.
Amen... the cider, the local flavor, and the open poetry slam are what make this one of the greatest small chill-out joint experiences in all the Bronx.
Went for brunch after visiting Wave Hill....on Yelps's recommendation and we were VERY pleased! The place itself is so unique and fun. The food was absolutely delicious. Will definitely return when I am in the area!
The single finest drinking establishment I've been to. This entire building is like a cathedral built to honor drinking. The live music (friday and saturday nights, I think),  which varies between typical bar singer-songwriter music and irish folk music, is always good. Unlike Manhattan bars, the drinks are cheap (and there are buy-backs) and the people are actually friendly (including the staff). Don't be weirded out if random people with strange accents come up to you outside and strike up a conversation, or if you pass by and there's a friendly fight going on over a lost shoe. Another plus is that, because it's a pub, they have food (really good food) and wi-fi, which means you can be drinking and writing a physics paper  while feasting on a shepherd's pie. Albeit it's a bit dark for serious study. I love this place. I've actually been kicked out at closing time. Go. Drink. Rant. Make friends!
Ate their once with my wife and it was a pleasant experience..unfortunately we moved and haven't been back up the hill on 238th street but it would be worth the trip!
The food is okay, but it's probably not the attraction for this place.The menu is pretty limited as the kitchen is as big as my closet. If you are looking for an irish pub with good food, Riverdale City Grill is a better bet. But this place is a bit more relaxed for having a few drinks (and the food is merely a bonus).
My husband and I have been "regulars" meaning once every week or two since moving here in July 2009. This place has everything we desire in a bar.. great food, friendly bartenders, awesome live music and interesting people. The bartenders remember us and make us feel welcome every time we walk in the door. This place is very close to our apartment in Riverdale, so we like the proximity to our home and mingling with the locals. There's a mix of a young college crowd and older "working types" which keeps it fresh. Beal Bocht has such great character and we love and will continue to support this local business that will always be #1 in our book!
I really like this bar. The people are very friendly and the they have so many events. People come three times a week because there are so many things to enjoy. They have great music, plays, and artwork. The food is great too. They also have poetry night and jazz night. Awesome place.
Nightlife in Riverdale?  Yeah, right!  But really, this place IS the nightlife in Riverdale as far as I can tell. It's a nice relaxed bar w surprisingly good live music and even an open mic night.   My only complaint about it is all the smoking outside, but, uh, I guess that's to be expected at a bar, isn't it?  Definitely recommended.
Cool Irish pub in the Bronx. Had a few drinks here while visiting with friends.
If your loking for some classic Irish Fare this is your place! I had the "Gallic Burger". Which was very Tasty and differed from your Classic American Burger! The Pinot Grigio that i had went very well with the burger and for 3$ a glass was well worth it!! Cool Place will definately be going back!
Great place to relax
Really just a lovely space.  Good food options, including a very nice curry.  Friendly staff, live music some nights, quieter room on the side if you want to talk.  Wonderful place.
A really nice place and most of the people wouldn't even believe it's still in the Bronx. Their choice of beers may not be that great (although they had the Urquell, which I believe is not the most common European beer in the US), but the food is delicious. The service is okay, but on busy nights they seem overworked. However, if you're more likely to drop on a mid-week afternoon you can't ask for anything more. Also, they have some Irish personnel, so if you're a European tourist/expat looking for a chat with some fellow Euros you should definitely stop by.
I just have to say that in the past I've frequented this local pub but now I'm really starting to grasp how this place is not just a cool bar with a nice staff, decent selection of beer and pretty good food but its also a true member of the Riverdale Community.  If you live in this area you know exactly what I mean and if you don't make it your business to stop by because this place will make you feel instantly like your home!
My favorite pub in the Bronx. Great vibe, great service, great space.
Seems like a cool spot to hear country & rock music.
Quintessential New York. Good food, great entertainment, great atmosphere, LOVED it. I cannot wait to go back!
Great nook to share a beer and good convo with a pal. Very comfortable.
This is a true neighborhood Irish pub. There are no TVs to mindlessly stare at and no pool table or people playing darts. This is a pub!! A public house. YOU COME HERE TO MEET PEOPLE AND HAVE SOME GOOD CONVERSATIONS WITH THE NEIGHBORS. There's a very lively music scene in the evenings also but it's really a friendly neighborhood pub where people come to converse and have a few pints.
What can I say? I love this place. I have been going to An Beal Bocht for more than 10 years and still enjoy it. Great bartenders and staff, eclectic and cool lineup of live music, and most of all, just a really diverse and interesting mix of people- friendly, funny, opinionated and rambunctious. A truly rare and great spot.
