Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Great outdoor mall that opened up 3-4 years ago. Lots of quality stores like Apple, Lord and Taylor, Sephora, Express, Gap, Old Navy, Whole Foods, Dick's, REI. 2. The movie theater here offers large screens and lots of seating space. Even healthy food options at concessions such as nuts. 3. Parking is $3 all day now in their several lots. 4. There's a LA Fitness here as well as a Legoland. Not too far away there's a Stew Leonards, Home Depot and Costco. Also Cross County Mall is just a 5 minute drive from here. 5. Restaurants/Food Places here include Elevation Burger, Havana Central, Little Buddha, Subway, Bonefish Grill, Texas de Brazil, Yardhouse, Cheesecake Factory, an Italian Restaurant, and Lefteris Gyro. They get crowded on weekends especially in the evenings, make reservations!
This place is still a craphole.  Nice that after 2, perhaps 3 years, they still don't have decent signage.  They also recently prevented a left turn into one of their shitty parking garages, which has all the lower level parking spots cordoned off.   Pop quiz Q:  How much planning went into the design of this mall? A:  Psyche!  lol.... NONE!!
I'm not a big fan of malls in general so my review is biased to the negative to begin with, but this place has some big design flaws that I was surprised to see in a brand new development. First of all, why is there heavy car traffic flowing right through the center of this thing? That road should be for pedestrian traffic only. You want to come and relax, do some shopping and instead you and your kids have to play a game of wits with giant SUVs making crazy turns across your path. Not fun. On top of that the sidewalks are these narrow little ribbons that tend to get clogged with 'larger American' families strolling along 3 wide oblivious that there are people behind them trying to get around them ... Look I like the idea of a slow paced walk down the row of shops which is why they should open that road for pedestrian traffic only, and keep cars around the perimeter directed into and out of the parking areas. Speaking of parking, obviously it's ridiculous to be charged. On top of that you take your life in your hands once you leave the car and become a pedestrian afterthought. There is no clear path out of the garage and I found myself stuck against a wall flanked by 2 blind corners hoping I could get across the street before the next insane escalade driver came barreling down the ramp. When you finally emerge from the garage you're hit with some obnoxious piped in pop music on the street that i guess is supposed to be festive. Further along the sidewalk you hit the Hagen Dazs line which extends out to block your path making the only recourse a squishy trip through a soggy patch of grass ... Pros- the LL Bean and Cuban restaurant are nice and I like the plaza with the fountain.
Nice place. On a nice sunny day, where would you rather be, here or an indoor mall. The problem is the parking. Hey Ridge Hill Management, if you read this. get rid of the modern "high tech" parking system and replace it with the old-fashioned system they have at The Westchester - human beings taking cash! I don't mind paying the $3.00 (and Whole Foods and other stores validate). What I do mind is the guy in front of me stuck at the gate, with nobody in sight to help him get out.
Avoid Like the Plague. I know it's been said before, but it's a big deal: THE PARKING HERE IS EVIL. There. I said it. Whomever thought it would be a good idea to construct this place, and then make customers pay extra for the privilege of parking, is crazy. We are consumers. Going to stores to (surprise!) give our money in exchange for goods/services is the agreement. It's up to YOU to provide a means for us to park our cars while we're there. But no. It wasn't enough to build a bunch of stores, and charge them rent. No. You had to try and nickel and dime your customers, too. As a result this place is usually a ghost town. Even the stores freely admit that "it's a terrible idea." The only way I *used* to excuse going here was if I pre-ordered something, and my wife or I could quickly run in and pick it up. But they won't let you do that anymore. I bought something the other day, and my wife was inside paying, and a rent-a-cop came by and told me to move. I looked over and the sign said "customer pickup only." So I said, "I'm picking up a customer, she'll be out in less than a minute." And he got mean and nasty, and yelled at me "Sir! You have to circle the block! I'm asking you nicely! Don't make me ask again!" I was so floored, I pulled out, and did circle the block. But because of the genius layout (and everyone else circling the block, avoiding the idiotic parking situation) it took me 15 minutes in Ridge Hill traffic to circle back and pick up my wife. Brilliant. So, in conclusion, RUN! DO NOT give these morons your money. Besides, you can find each-and-every-one-of-these stores close by, with free parking. Or try Amazon: and they'll deliver it to you!
The only reason this gets a 1 star is because there is no way to give a negative 1!!! More often than not, I am not able to get the creepy-voiced garage pay machine to read my card. So as I am obviously a sucker for punishment, I go there tonight for dinner at the Yard House, which is a fairly good place, so I take my chances. I try to pay for my parking and creepy-voiced machine cannot read my card YET again. This, by the way happened to another customer in front of me tonight and happens to me almost ALWAYS when I go to Ridge Hill. Here's the kicker...The REAL parking garage guy (his name was Umboku) comes over and then proceeds to tell me it's MY FAULT. Hmmm. MY fault that creepy-voiced machine cannot read my card AGAIN!! I lost it! First of all, it happens too too too too many times for it to be MY FAULT. Second, you NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER tell a customer it's her or his fault. Especially when you really have got to know that your parking machines are a major piece of ^%$#&^* technology and has not worked since you opened. Thus, my very angry response to Umboku, who was very obviously affected by my little tantrum, but do you blame me when he kept insisting it was my fault? Umboku tells me that keeping the card in your wallet affects the magnetic strip. I inform Umboku that I never had the card in my wallet as I had forgotten it in the car in the empty cup holder. So what does one have to do to keep the card pristine enough for the creepy-voiced machine to read???? Do we have to keep it in a bank vault? Perhaps one of those velvet black pads that jewelers use to show diamonds?? How about we hire a few security guards to watch the card while we shop or have dinner. I don't know. The truth is, I won't be going back to Westchester Ridge Hill for a very long time if ever again. Apparently it's all our fault that we can't keep the parking garage ticket in the right condition in order for the machine to read. It's way too much work.
Parking? Yea better find a garage! It's really not that expensive here to be honest. So an extra 3 bucks to park your car in an actual garage is worth is. They actually have plenty amount of stores and places to eat here. Variety is key and when it comes to here, it just lacks one more development from taking in that last star! Build more!!!!
This place has been my favorite to shop and  to enjoy a movie on a their huge screens. A nice neat place for everyone. Safe to stroll at anytime.. Got lots of securities around. A well lighted walkway for safety and feel the ambience around, something different outdoor style mall. The section for kids to play is a good place with their safety standards far better than others. They have a lot of huge parking lots and variety of shops and more are coming and more chains of restaurants around. No need to go to other  malls because it's location is so accessible to all the highways here in Westchester county plus it's a signature mall. You'll find what you're looking for here.. It's always nice to have something to go to after work for happy hours or fine dinning whichever you prefer , If not you can always go to LA fitness and workout. Very decent place.. I love it.
Let's be honest ... Yonkers was in dire need of a fresh shopping center. And even though Ridge Hill isn't quite finished yet, I'm absolutely loving what they have thus far. Dining options are diverse and delicious (two of my favorite words when it comes to food): there's Yard House, Havana Central, Lefteris, Texas de Brazil, the Cheesecake Factory, Brio, Elevation Burger, Bonefish Grill, and Studio 3. That doesn't even include the vast selections at Whole Foods (which itself is sufficient reason to visit) and the Cinema de Lux. I'm not particularly big on "retail therapy" but if I was this would be my spot: White House/Black Market, Sephora, H&M, TJMaxx (obviously there are many more, I'm just listing my favorites). I'm thrilled that my new doctor is located here, in the WestMed Medical group's gorgeous building right by Lord & Taylor. And when my son gets a little older, I can't wait to take him to (the definitely overpriced, but still really cool) Legoland.
This is the first time I've ever had the chance to watch a mall be built from the ground up and it's been pretty exciting to watch. Ridge Hill is still a really new area, so I know they have a lot of kinks to work out and I am very understanding of that. A lot of the restaurants are kind of sub-par food and service-wise, but I'm hoping that they can step their game up once they've settled in a bit more. There are however some really good restaurants like the brasserie and yard house. I'm not sure how I feel about the selection of stores they have. I'm more used to malls having a series of stores that appeal to certain people, but Ridge Hill seems to have this weird mishmash of low-end and high-end stores all in the same area. I mean is it just me or does it seem a little bit odd to have a Victoria's Secret, Sur La Table and high-end department store all on the same block? When I've come here to shop, I end up being interested in only 2 stores and having to walk half a mile to get between the two. I also find it really strange that they're selling condos in the same complex as the mall. Are people really interested in living in between a highway and a mall? That doesn't exactly seem serene. What I like the most at Ridge Hill is the movie theater. God bless whoever put that thing there. I was so sick of having to go to ratchet Cross County theater to see a movie. This place makes Cross County look like the southside of Detroit. It's a really comfortable movie experience. As for parking, there are plenty of lots but you do have to pay about $4 for them. Fortunately a lot of stores will validate for you.
GREAT PLACE! ATMOSPHERE IS GREAT!! GREAT PLACE FOR THE FAMILY!! I love this place they everything you want, if you really want to escape from HOUSE this is one of the best locations, the drive is nice, the atmosphere is great, the restaurants are AMAZING (Yard House 150 Beers on TAP). Parking is great! Tip for everyone, try to keep driving down the path and see the other parking lots available! Movie Theater at this place is AMAZING!
I've lived in Westchester all my life, and we needed a new mall like a hole in the head. Shopping malls dying all around us; there is absolutely no need for the same exact chain stores just a few miles apart! We are big shoppers, meaning we go several times a week to Lord & Taylor (not Ridge Hill, either!) Ann Taylor, Bloomies and many more shops. To make us pay for parking on top of spending money makes us not want to ever go back. This is not the city...this is still Westchester, and parking should be free or maximum $1! The people that frequent Ridge Hill....let's just say it's the same reason we don't go to the Bronx.
Friendly service in a relaxed, comfortably elegant restaurant. Bruschetta with Roasted Red Pepper was flavorful and complimented the Prosciutto & Asparagus Bruschetta with the subtle interesting flavor. Shrimp Verduta was a tasty dish, but the shrimp which were plentiful, would be better if they were 4 jumbo 's. I'd recommend it  for the ambiance too as it was not crowded Mon nite Dec 23.
Lovely mall. Really underrated and probably not as busy as I thought it would be. That's a good thing. While all the other malls were mobbed with holiday shoppers, this place was a ghost town on a lonely December Sunday. I hope it stays this way. It made holiday shopping much more efficient and easy! Parking's not bad either.
I am obsessed with Ridge Hill. It's so close to home and brings so much new shopping, along with restaurants, a theatre, and now one of the only Legoland Discovery Centers in the US. On the upshot, it provides unique choices like Francesca's and Uniqlo, even introducing some higher-end brands like Brooks Brothers, Sur La Table, and an Apple Store. BUT there are also stores like Victoria's Secret, Old Navy, and The Gap, which are found 5 minutes away in Cross County. I heard they've had problems filling the space, and therefore, they rented to these stores. Too bad we won't see a J. Crew or Banana Republic although more stores are expected. The restaurants are all chains from the Yardhouse to the Cheesecake Factory to the newest addition, Bonefish Grill. None of all the choices are stand-outs, but again, some excitement to see some new eateries in the area. You must pay for parking. Recently, the meters were removed because they were determined to be illegal. The Ridge Hill project has been plagued by political scandal since its inception. Many neighbors have also opposed its development due to traffic problems, and they are right. Not only is RH one-lane, but local streets like Tuckahoe Road and Jackson Avenue are feeling the residual effects. There is a movement in place to remove the toll on the NYS Thruway Ardsley in hopes of alleviating this problem- let's hope Albany pushes it through. Enough background, my most favorite addition is Whole Foods. I subscribe to healthy eating and am glad that I can now go a few minutes from home.
Ridge Hill is beautiful and I love the whole idea of the little city. I don't love all the stores that are currently open or lack there of stores. I really hope once it's done it's triple the size that it is now because it feels like there are hardly any stores past the Cheesecake Factory. And the stores that are open down there are pretty spread out.   Who wants to walk from Whole Foods with groceries all the way down to Charming Charlie? Just Saying... I know they have the Trolly service but every time I've ever been here I've never seen it. :-/ I do enjoy the outdoor shopping though.
I avoid this mall unless I HAVE to go here.  Suckering people to pay for parking when they're already spending money to shop???? And then having to park at one of the top levels of the garage which is inconvenient???? Pay machines that don't work properly or are out of order???? Lazy parking attendants who would rather flirt with the criminals that hit and run other vehicles???? Totally NOT worth it.  They have the same exact stores at other malls in the area, where you can park for free!
Let me just start by saying, charging for parking is a crime in a mall. We pay the high prices for your products, the least you can do is let us park for free, you scumbags. Sure some stores validate the parking, but there aren't any human attendants, so when you stick that parking ticket into the meter, good luck. If it doesn't recognize it, you're getting charged the full amount. Lost the ticket? Full amount. It's a crime and it's going to cost this place some serious business as seen in the other reviews. Other than that, it's a decent outside mall, feels like you're in Florida or some place that isn't Yonkers. The stores and streets are all nice and clean. Not a lot of variety, to be honest, but the movie theater is really nice. I went during the day though, not sure if the riff raff comes out at night there. I'd come back here if I meant to see a few movies and maybe eat or shop at one or two of the stores I'd actually go to. Otherwise, you're better off going down to Central Park ave where there are more stores and free parking. Cut the parking nonsense out or risk driving people away. UPDATE - 11/3/13 I stopped by at night a few weeks ago to check out the Apple store and walk around a bit, it was on a Friday night and was MOBBED with teenagers. The super annoying and loud kind. Guess it's the only place to really go in Yonkers though, so that should have been expected. Bummer.
The parking garages are large and completely unmarked. You park your car, and there is no floor indication, no stall number, nothing to help find your car when you return! Amazing - ever heard of signs? And don't be fooled by the validated parking offered at restaurants like Cheesecake Factory! On Friday they didn't take reservations. So we arrived early and put our name on the list. We waited almost an hour (we were told 20 minutes!) for a table for 6. After our dinner, we presented our validated parking sticker at the exit. We were told the validation was only for 2.5 hours, and we exceeded that limit with our trip to the Cheesecake Factory! I explained that we didn't shop or see a movie, only had dinner. Too bad, we had to pay the parking fee anyway. POOR!
Visited a number of times - The Cons heavily outweigh the Pros. Cons: 1-As the commercial says "We want more...more"! Where are the stores? Walking the mall you'll cover everything in a 1/2 hour. With one true anchor (Lord & Taylor's) Ridge Hill lacks in justification. 2-Parking is uncomfortable in so many ways. The lanes inside the garages are tight. Turning those corners you hope oncoming cars are equally aware of this issue. 3-At any mall parking cost is wrong. Here it's thievery.  We spent 45min at Ridge Hill - charge was 3.25. Simply put - A ripoff. 4-Sidewalks are tight. On  beautiful sunny days - when crowds are out - you'll find yourself politely maneuvering between families / carriages etc. Malls should not be sidewalk shopping .Exception is by the Cheesecake Factory where the area opens up. Pros 1-With the understanding one shouldn't go to malls for "fine dining" there are enough restaurant options here. 2-Legoland - Out of curiosity we ventured in and liked what we saw. NYC Lego displays were great. Kids and families were all smiles. If this was 15 years ago I'd be spending time (and quite a few $) here.
I like this outdoorsy mall.  The mall is still being filled with stores.  Everyone is friendly and helpful from the people directing traffic to the workers in the stores and restaurants.  It's pretty far from where I live so the next time I come visit, I need to allot more time to explore the upper levels of the mall.   Some cool stores I saw: -Legoland -Charming Charlie -a Movie Theater -Lord and Taylor -Cheesecake Factory I will definitely be back! :)
This is a brand new shopping destination on top of a hill along I-87, with lots of newly opened stores like Apple , Sephora, Lord and Taylor, TJ Maxx, Uni Q Lo, REI, LandsEnd, SurlaTable and many more, A Cinema house, Lots of restaurants like Yard House, Cheesecake Factory, Brio, Texas De Brazil , Bone Fish, Elevation Burger. a Supermarket like Wholefoods and last but not the least, a lot of parking garages that you'll have to pay $3.25 at least. Very clean, lots of security and hopefully it will stay this way......
Was in the area with my husband and decided to try Brio.  Very friendly staff and the service was good.   I ordered Lobster Bisque and a caesar salad...the soup was good but the salad was horrible.  The menu says something like "with our homemade croutons"...the salad showed up with one crouton so the server took it back for some more.  Once I took a bite of the salad I realized this was a horrible salad...the lettuce wasn't fresh and I they gave me all the ends of the Romaine...it had blobs of dressing on it and it really had no taste.  This salad was not made with love at all.   The waiter took it back and asked if I wanted something else and at that point  I just said no...he took it off the bill. I doubt I will ever go back to this place.
The mall is okay but the parking situation is horrible! It's way over priced and you have to wait forever just to get in the lot or to exit the lot.
I LOVE this place! Newly built over the hill! I started going there when they had only a few stores opened back in 2011. Very different from typical malls you see...I feel like I"m in Europe or something.There're nice restaurants, plenty of places to shop, movie theater is my favorite! Cleanest and most comfortable theater I've been to so far (and I've been to a LOT of them)! Charming Charlie, Lord & Taylor, Cheesecake Factory and Apple store are some of my favorite spots.The only drawback is VERY limited metered parking. Most likely you'd have to park in one of the lots they have. In other words you'd have to pay (multiple payment options). Outside each lot, it says in digital figures how many cars it can still accommodate which is pretty convenient! Definitely worth a trip!
Beautiful new mall! Love that not many people know about it and it isn't crowded at all! The sales-people seem very well-versed on how to interact with the customer as well! Whole Foods, Cheesecake factory, an Apple Store, Guitar Center, REI, Dick's Sporting Goods, Old Navy, the Gap, Havana Centra, and much much more will definitely be back to check the whole thing out!
Terrible shopping experience. Three attempts at explaining that I don't need a lot of assistance, just a device to take to the counter fell on deaf ears. Waited 45 minutes just to be told that the store was busy and that I'd have to wait....while someone else who came in after I did was allotted a "SPECIALIST". Would NOT go back.
It's worth noting that the Subway restaurant is a cheap place to eat here now if you need a bite. You can also grab a pretzel at the Auntie Anne's stand or head into Whole Foods and buy stuff from the hot bar and sit and eat there too.
I enjoy coming to this outdoor mall. It reminds me of the malls in the west coast. They have great stores and good restaurants. I don't like that you have to pay for parking but I guess its the price to pay for coming here. Some of my favorite stores here are Charming Charlie, Uniglo, Brios and The Cheesecake Factory.
I might be in the minority here, but I do NOT like this place. At the risk of sounding new age-y, I do not like the energy here. I don't like the choppy set up of different parking lots and I don't like the people. (Hmm I sound terrible I know.) I don't even like the Whole Foods. How does a brand new Whole Foods not have a Juice Bar?!? I would much rather go to The Westchester or Greenwich to hit up Sephora. I would rather go to the Galleria for H&M. Again, this could be a totally personal thing, but I don't like this place and it's big box stores and sterile chain restaurants. Thumbs down.
Like others, the parking situation here really bothers me. They recently had to get rid of the meters because they were found to be installed illegally. So what do they do? They make all of the street parking 20 minute limit! So while you might have been able to park for an hour or so on the street if you managed to find a spot (and had enough quarters), now you can't do that and are forced to park in the overpriced garages! Just shows you that they simply do not understand how the parking situation here has pissed off their customers. For those who are not aware, I am sure the reason they are charging (other than because they can) is that they've got housing there so they can't be having the residents parking for free. Very few places validate. I think Dick's does for an hour, Whole Foods does for 90 minutes with a $10 purchase (better than their store in WP, which is 60 minutes for $15 purchase) and just saw last week that they do 2 hours with a $100 purchase. Cheesecake Factory does but as has been pointed out it's only for 2.5 hours and if you get there and have an hour+ wait, you know you won't be getting out in time to avoid paying for parking (on the other hand, they don't validate at all in WP). Don't understand why ALL restaurants are not validating. I know that whenever I have been to Yard House I have complained about it to servers -- and they say many people complain. One other thing not mentioned is that there's really no place to drop off people. Went to YH with my mother-in-law, who cannot walk far. There was nowhere on the street where I could pull over for a couple of minutes for her to get out. Instead I had to park the car in the garage and she had to walk from the parking lot and through the area by TJ Maxx. What a pain that was! Took her 10 minutes in each direction while it would have been MUCH quicker had there just been some sort of loading/unloading zone. It looks like they planned to have one, if you look at the sidewalks, there is a cut out area that is filled in. As for stores, eh. I really like Sur La Table. Lord & Taylor had a very expensive mix of merchandise, certainly higher priced than at their other stores in the area. Oh, and I think as their penalty for having been found guilty of bribing the Yonkers councilwoman to sell her vote to approve the place, they should be forced to give free parking to everyone for, say, 5 years. Update: Lord & Taylor validates parking - $1 for 2 hours (I think) with any purchase.
I'm on the fence about this mall.  I like the outdoor shopping in the summer, but curious how business goes in the winter.  I don't really understand the outdoor shopping in areas where you get a lot of snow and bitter wind in the winter.  I was also not found of having to cross traffic to navigate from store to store.     Like I said I like the outdoor shopping when the weather is nice.  I have been to the theater a few times and it's always been a pleasant experience.  Nice and clean, but it was during the day.  The movie theater and the medical building are the only things that really draw me in.   The other stores are just "meh".  While I do love Whole Foods, I don't love it enough to pay and extra parking fee to shop there on a regular basis.  That pretty much goes for any of the other stores there as well.  I was thinking of joining the gym there, but not only would I have the dues, I would have to pay for parking each time as well.  You build a mall that is required to drive to and then charge to park your car.  I didn't even know some of the stores validated tickets, but like the other review said, I very seldom see attendants at the exits.   I have no intentions of going there to shop unless I am heading to the doctor's office or perhaps killing time before a movie.
A big corporate shopping mall with clean streets, new stores but it's still in Yonkers. WORST Apple store anywhere. Useless! Horrible Customer Service The parking is not good. Expensive
First off, I must say that I am really happy that Westchester is getting more shopping developments.  We definitely neglected to have a lot of the stores that Ridge Hill provides, so it is nice to have the shopping in the neighborhood.  It also is in a location that is much closer for me personally to go to rather than to schlep to White Plains to buy clothing or go out to eat. That being said, there have been some negatives that I find very true.  The first is obviously the parking.  I understand the rationale behind charging money to park, but the amount they charge is ridiculous.  Sometimes I actually won't go because I don't want to pay the money to cover the parking and would rather drive the extra couple miles to other locations of the stores they have.  Also, here is my major problem: this place is great in the summer.  Such a nice place to go to at night, with all of the restaurants and bars open, with all the aura of the shopping village itself, however this is great when it is warm.  Going in the winter is another story.  To walk around from place to place in 30 degree weather is brutal, especially if you have to go from Whole Foods to Yard House.  It simply is not going to happen.  Either you have to move your car and pay the exorbitant amount of money for parking or you are going to have to walk and freeze the whole way there. And my guess is the trolley won't be at the exact place at the exact time you are leaving to get from one place to another. I do though really like a lot of the stores there - Francesca's and REI are some of my favorites.  They are also adding some more restaurants and stores as well. I am hoping for some good ones.
Dumb design. Terrible signage. No convenient map of stores. NO COFFEE shop!!!!! No free parking. Smoking is allowed and should NOT be allowed in plaza. Help! Can't wait to get out of this stupid outdoor incomplete 'mall'.
Ridge Hill is trying to be a destination, one of those outdoor shopping centers with a 'town center' feel.  This concept is certainly better than a strip mall, and better than a normal shopping mall except in bad weather.  To me, however, the entire experience is nearly ruined by poor road planning and the fact that they charge for parking.   The roadways around Ridge Hill seem designed to make you drive down (or at least across) the main street.  This is annoying, as the main street is usually very slow going due to it being single lane with lots of pedestrians.  There isn't adequate signage to point you to the fastest way to park near your desired store. This is not in an urban center, in fact it is the only set of businesses around that area, so they are only charging for parking because they can (they are tucked into a steep hillside, there are no other parking options), and it starts at over $3 for the first hour.  The stores don't consistently validate, and when they do they only validate for the nearest parking lot, which might not be the one you parked in.  In addition, the process to deal with a lost ticket is ridiculous.  I know that I will pay a lot for losing a parking ticket ($11 in this case, so it could have been worse), but there is no way to deal with a lost ticket at any of the pay machines.  One has to call their security guards, and a security guard has to go to where you are and give you a 'lost ticket' ticket.  Not only $11 wasted, but also 15 minutes of my life. The movie theater is nice, and there are some other good stores. I will likely avoid it until they (at least) stop charging for parking.
Ridge Hill is great in concept, but I found it to be very inconvenient.   Like the previous poster said, paying for parking here really stinks.  With garage after garage in this little development, you can clearly see where they are making their money.  If parking was free I would definitely come back here because there are some great shops, restaurants, and a movie theater here.  Until then, I can drive over to Central Plaza for my movie fix or Cross County shopping center for a mall with free parking.
Such a nice mall. What Atlas Park in Glendale Queens should have been. Beautiful landscape, a Whole Foods, Apple Store, REI, the Gap, Dick's sporting goods, a variety of clothing stores, restaurants, movie theater and Lego Land. Yonkers residents are so lucky it is there.
My go to place for movies, shopping and a night out to eat.
As a former Manhattan resident and current Westchester resident, i can identify with the one star voters and four star voters. I've been to many malls throughout New York, Westchester and other parts of the country. This mall has lots of potential and will only get better. As per parking , anyone who's lived in the city agrees that $3 to $5 is nothing. Trust me , I've paid triple that amount. I do like the Palasaides Mall but at times it can be too far. Ridge Hill has a lot of promise and is still in he beginning stages. I live Whole Foods and the Yard House. Texas De Brasil is awesome and Bonefish Grill is very good. However , understand that these are chain restaurants. For family run or independent restaurants, Manhattan has many as do many parts of Westchester . Ridge Hill could use a good pizza place , a Starbucks, or a quick fast food restaurant . The only thing that peeves me about Ridge Hill is that I'm starting to see some forms of ghetto happy Riff Raff with their saggy pants and loud music. They're the ones that mistake the Cheese Cake Factory for fine dining. All in all, I've seen this location years before it was Ridge Hill and in my opinion, we needed it. Cross County is not what it once was, The Westchester Mall is great but too far. The Palasaides Mall is too far as well. Give this mall some time. It's already off to a pleasant start especially when Manhattan residents who are used to getting what they want are flocking there. It also helps that the condos at the Monarch are starting to fill up and the second building has already started construction. A lot of money is being invested into Ridge Hill and I-87 , Saw Mill, and the Sprain make it an easy transportation choice for people from Westchester and NYC. Be patient everyone. I'm sure your concerns are being heard.
Has potential, not finished yet. Has alot of great stores Desigual, Lord and Taylor, Whole Foods, Sephora, Dicks, Bed Bath and Beyond, Victorias Secrets etc. And a lot of cute boutique type stores.  My only complaint is that here are a Cheesecake Factory, Brio, Havana Central and another place.  You will not find a McDonald's, or any another fast food restaurant yet in this mall.  I mean after shopping at many of these stores, and no pizzeria, a Chinese, Mcdonalds, Starbucks, Au bon pain etc is disappointing.  I say this place has potential as I saw a lot of empty lots had construction  going on and that is very promising.  Will return in a few months to update the review. This place was very clean and had a very modern feel to it. Has a lil playground jungle gym thing for kids, but no kid friendly food options. They have to work on that. (Parking is available on streets and in lot.  Parking for under 6 hours is $3.25)
What a disappointment.  Inescapable, too-loud, annoying pop music from speakers on the sidewalk somehow make the long walks feel even longer.  Discourteous drivers completely ignoring pedestrian right-of-way in crosswalks.  Other drivers making k-turns in the middle of each block, every block you see this going on.  Amazing setting on a hill but as far as the view from a place like the windowed seating area at Whole Foods, you might as well be in an alley or underground.  What a shameful waste of setting.  Parking in lots: if not validated, you're paying for 3 hours, that's ridiculous.
Disappointing and over developed.I had planned to see a movie but was turned off by the pay for parking issue.Much like The Westchester i do not like to pay to spend my hard earned money.There are alternatives. Rather drove over to Central ave theaters which can use support in this recession.Ridge hill was an ugly unneeded destruction of greenspace.My first look my last.
The mall looks nice but is not user friendly. No free parking, no cofee shop, traffic congestion, meter parking sucks Also it can be dangerous almost got run down walking in cross walk and I had right of way.
This isn't 100% finished yet but I think when it is it will be a 5 star complex. There's a huge selection of restaurants (although some are hit or miss but that's not the mall's fault). Tons of stores - Apple, Bath and Body Works, The Limited, White House Black Market, Sur La Table, Sephora. The Lord and Taylor is a little crummy and there are some other stores that I wouldn't necessarily die without but they're nice to have there. Staff in almost all of the stores is pretty helpful and nice and polite. The Whole Foods is very nice (still not my favorite Whole Foods but it does it's job in a pinch) and the movie theater is really nice. Overall a pretty nice addition to the area.
Good selection of places to eat.  They have an apple store, so now we don't have to travel all the way into the city or to White Plains for our Apple needs.
Ridge Hill has really grown on me since it's opened, but it's not perfect.  First of all, don't ask me to pay for parking. I have a real problem with forking over $3 (or more) to pay for the privilege of shopping?!  What sense does that make?  Maybe it's because I grew up in NJ and never once paid for parking at a mall, but I really don't understand how businesses expect to attract repeat shoppers if there is a surcharge every time they come there.  The Westchester Mall is guilty of this offense as well--one of many reasons I despise that place. Yes, the layout is extremely confusing. I think it's become slightly better since more stores have entered the mix but, still, very difficult to navigate if you've never been there before.   Anyway, the mix of stores and restaurants is good, which is why I keep coming back.  REI, Orvis, Dick's, TJ Maxx (great selection) plus the stores I would begrudgingly visit the mall for in the past like Victoria's Secret, Sephora, Lord & Taylor and Bath & Body Works.  And, of course, Whole Foods.  Honestly, I think this Whole Foods has completely replaced the Whole Foods in White Plains for me...uncrowded, well-stocked, better selection and bigger.  Basically everything the other WF is not! I have only been to the Greek restaurant which just opened their third location (based in Tarrytown).  Amazing food.  I'm looking forward to visiting the other places at a later date. So, to sum it up, this place just does it for me.
Pleasant atmosphere & animation on a Friday night! Clean and modern comfortable seats. Also the cinema has a bar so one can "warm-up" a little before the movie
this place is great bunch of resturants already open with more on the way differant stores and some familar ones places like Surla Table like Williams Sonoma but better. Brand new movie theater, Whole Foods, and Lord and Taylor. Great addition to Westchester shopping scene.
This place is going to be great!  Opened last fall with a small taste of what it's going to be. Great shopping, great restaurants and overall a great place to hang out.  Nothing like anything that currently exists in Westchester County.  I'll add a star once a few more restaurants and stores get opened this spring.
I've been to this shopping Center a couple of times now and I love this place! It can be a little confusing getting around but it's a nice place to do a little shopping or store browsing as I like to do and have lunch or dinner. Nice Restaurants lots of outdoor seating, and great fountains!
Ok so everyone has touched on the parking issues this place suffers from but the cold hard reality is, theres really not much happening here, the Apple store Employees are simply unqualified and even a bit insolent. Cheesecake factory is Ehh overcrowded and though it isn't a foodies dream come true whether here or another location this site was exceptionally miserable! Art Of Shaving is here but again the lack of courteous & competent customer service is unavoidably present (I can forgive incompetence but not discourteousness)  this place is typically far to over crowded to be worth clamoring and fighting for what little value it has to offer. Truly, if you insist on staying relatively local and are in no immediate need of visiting an apple store nor access to finer shaving products... you would be much better served at cross county or just central avenue for that matter, at least you know those place's are "Fast Food" not the over hyped fast food With a little garnish and higher price tag that Ridge Hill is!
A nice array of restaurants is a huge reason for coming here, and the only reason for me besides the movie theater. I could care less about any of the stores except for maybe Wholefoods. Texas de Brazil, Yardhouse, and Havana Central are all great places to eat, and they have a Cheesecake Factory and an Italian place called Brio I know nothing about. The movie theater is okay..its brand-spanking new and the seats are roomy, but already overrun on the weekends by teenyboppers.
Stores and layout are nice, I come here sometimes to shop at LL Bean and REI (make no mistake, if there are any other REI or LL Bean location in the area, I'd never have come here).  It is ridiculous to charge for parking at a shopping mall built on top of an uninhabited hill in suburban New York.  Parking fee starts at $3.25. It isn't too expensive but is infuriating when you have to pay that parking fee just to return one item.  Last time I went there, all of the ticket machines in my parking lot failed, so tons of people were trapped inside the lot, unable to pay their parking fee and leave.  We had to wait 15 minutes for a parking lot manager to show up and let us out.  This is a crime and we will never go there again.  REI/LL Bean website have better selection than their stores anyway.
I really like this place. My friend came in from out of town and we were on a tight schedule. Rather than heading to the Palisades Mall for a little shopping, I thought I would hit up Ridge Hill. Im glad I did. I found some cute stores that I had not seen elsewhere like "Charming Charlie." I enjoyed the layout and ended the visit at a little restaurant called "Havana."  I found everything I needed and since I went during the week it was relatively calm. I have to agree that parking is definitely a rip off, since very little unpaid parking is even available.
Ridge Hill is cute and has a good amount of stores. The main reason for coming here is for the restaurants like The Cheesecake Factory, Texas de Brazil, Yard House, and Havana Central. I like the little small town feel that they tried to put out but for shopping I think you'd be better off going to the Palisades Mall.
Totally ridiculous that they charge for parking in the middle of some hill in Yonkers.  The stores are nice, but I refuse to patronize a place like this that charges for parking when it's not in the middle of the city, it's in the middle of yonkers.  I paid $3.25 to run into REI to return something.  Twice.  I think everyone should stop shopping there until they eliminate the parking fees.  All these stores exist elsewhere in lower Westchester.
Havan Central has a hectic atmosphere with comfortable decor and a beautiful looking bar.  A tic above average food, but service leaves a bit to be desired.  Our server was nice enough, but was AWOL for most of our visit.   I may give him the benefit of the doubt since it was busy, but not overly so.  Also on the down side was the fact that our appetizer was not delivered.  Apparently there was a mix up as to the table that ordered it.  Drinks were good, albeit pricey.  All in all, an average experience.  This could be a nice spot, but they still to work out the kinks.
$3.25 to park for a few minutes???  Are they serious???  It's a nice place, but there are plenty of other nice places that don't charge for parking.  Would give this 4 stars, maybe 5, if not for the parking scam.
It's a major inconvenence to have to pay $3.95 just to browse around a store (comparing prices).  At least the Whole Foods garage allows your first 90 minutes to be "on them", it makes it difficult to shop around since the lots are not close to each other, and require a considerable schlepp from store to car trunk, especially in the Winter.  My daughter, however, liked inserting the ticket to exit, after paying at the kiosk just outside the REI store.  Thr Development should include the cost of the garage fees in the monthly commenrcial rent, and not pass it on to the customers directly, that way the burden is shared equitably, pro rata based on profitability or sq footage of the store.  The least they could have done wa smade a central garage that is equidistant to all stores - REI is at the opt of the hill and the other garage is by Cheesecake Factory - home of the 1500 calorie dinner plate.
3.00 to park! get off the crack, mike spano and corrupt yonkerz!
feels like your not in ny
Amazing center it has everything to spend the day with friends or family. Food, movies, supermarket, medical center, and shopping. The best looking TJ MAXX with the friendliest staff is hidden here, they were so nice to recommend Brio for lunch. Loved it and looking forward to returning to TJ MAXX as well as trying the other restaurants.
I can't wait until this mall is finished. I love the Cheesecake Factory and the movie theater is excellent - really top notch. The parking has been mentioned here before but I'll cite it again. Some places validate and some don't - but what really pisses me off is the garage across from the LA Fitness. They have the cross walk at the end of the block by the staircase. I'm happy to take the stairs to get to my car, but I have to first cross in front of traffic at the exit (and the valet area) in order to use the payment machine. Then I have to cross in front of traffic again to get back to the stairs. Most people cross the middle of the street outside to get to the machines rather than use the stairs, but you are forced to dodge cars as there is no cross walk. They need a pedestrian cross walk so people can access their machines. And often the machines at the exit are broken, so everyone is sitting in cars waiting for someone to come and fix to let us out. So their solution is to have attendents whose only job is to take your paid ticket and put it into the slot for you. How much are they paying people to do nothing?? How do I get one of those jobs.
Only 2minutes from home this is a great mall complex.  Pay parking expensive yes but thats how you keep out the trouble makers .
Lousy... faux high end expensive junk made in China in large stores with nobody in them. I went twice, never again, the first time I had to pay $3 dollars to park so that I could buy a $2.50 web strap. The second time I had to pay a $1.50 at a meter to park for an hour, both stores that I went to didn't have what I wanted. They have this stupid looking tram thing running around that's a laugh. There are plenty of other places in Westchester that I can go and not pay for parking, I'd rather put the money in the gas tank and go for the ride. It's only a matter of time before a lot of these stores start going out of business. The location is... well... weird. Oh... and the public speaker system is annoying.
