Memories, Memories, Memories... This was the closest mall WE KNEW when we were younger and it was the easiest one to come to. Not the same anymore... the mall has improved and expanded a bit more since our younger years but I agree you see some of the sketchy and boring stuff. It's been a long time I've visited here and what actually made my trip recently was remembering and running to Auntie Anne's. Yes I appreciate Aeropostale and H&M being here instead of going all the way downtown (I'm really close by) but they as well as some of the other stores lack some of the merchandise you can find downtown. It's very Bland! Let me not make them out to be the worse because they do have some fine stores and they carry some cool stuff but not necessarily for what I'm seeking. It's Okay.
Marshalls is this worst store here. I love marshalls in general but they always have a huge q and the manager doesn't care only 1 maybe 2 on the register. Go to a different one or downstairs to tjmaxx
Terrible selection of stores. Hopelessly dim and musty, despite what looks to be a fairly recent makeover.  To pinpoint the vibe, it feels like a Soviet mall circa 1975 on a really great day. As for the clientele, all I can say is that I saw lots of really low hanging jeans. Unless you're dying to go to Auntie Anne's Pretzels or the Powerhouse Gym, I can't really think of a reason why'd you want to shop here.There are plenty of better shopping options in Westchester.
This place is right next to the Cross County Center but its separate from it. They have stores like TJ Maxx, Sports Authority, a gym,  a pretzel place, some discount home store (similar to linens and things) and like another store like TJ Maxx... actually i think theres a circuit city also.... i just go there for TJ Maxx... its really NOTHING special
This mini-mall is drab and kinda beat.  The common areas all look dirty and dismal. Recently, it seems the TJX Company has totally taken over, as there is now the old TJ Maxx, the semi-old Home Goods, and the new Marshalls.  Since I often see the same exact things in these stores, it doesn't make much sense to me, but...hey, who doesn't like Home Goods or Marshall's!? Aside from these 3, there is nothing else really here worth mentioning.  The stench of Auntie Anne's pretzels fills the place.  Constant meat-head traffic to that unctuous-looking gym on the first floor.   At least coming here leaves you with a great excuse to stop by Micro Center or National Wholesale Liquidator (Nattie Ho's!!), since they all share the garage.
I love outdoor malls since they remind me of the west coast ones. I came on Saturday and they had live holiday performances which was great. I enjoyed most of the stores except Express, we were waiting on line to pay for over half an hour.
a few decent stores, nothing too impressive. The mall is small and its out of the way from the Cross county shopping center next door. This place has SportAuthority and TJMaxx, the other stores are home goods and some kids clothing store. ON the outside there is a MicroCenter but thats it for the mall. I come here form time to time but not because i want to come, the place is close by and close to the other mall.
For many years, this was the only mall that I knew (the Manhattan Mall is but a joke that I refuse to acknowledge) and we had to make the most of it. It was very different when I was a child, less people, less stores, more parking. Now, the place is currently expanding, but many of the stores on site are just plain wack! I hate the fact that its an open mall, but I can live with it if the store quality (and parking) increases. I hope to update soon, as the mall expands, and hopefully for the better.
This mini mall hasnt been updated in years.  It hasn't fallen into disrepair- BUT it certainly is behind the times with no real chance at redemption.  The stores are tired, as are the people.  I go to three stores there, but never stay long.
I go here pretty frequently. I run through tj maxx for sick deals on stuff. Once in a while ill find soemtihgn really great in there. Like first layer snowboard gear was REAL cheap in December last year. Awesome. Also found a nice pair of goggles and you can find good jeans there. $32 for Ben Shermans is good. Shit im wearin em today. Sports authority is cool. I buy fishing stuff and snowboard stuff there. and there is usually hot chicks walking around. i swear.
Its okay. Needs to put more stores though. Other than that, its a good place to go if you don't want to go too far
Great memories of shopping this large, open-air shopping center during the 1980s is one thing I will never forget about this place. While it has been transformed tremendously since the late 1990s, when the main clientele either came from Mount Vernon or the North Bronx, the place still has charm as it remains one of the few open-air malls left in the metropolitan area. The Macy's store (formerly Gimbels, then Sterns, then Macys) has an average selection of merchandise but it can't compared to the one in Manhattan or White Plains. Great during summer months, slow during winter (except holidays), and busy on weekends with people jamming to the multiplex cinema on the premises. There is a Sears and Stop & Shop on premises and it is accessible by Westchester County buses from other parts of the county and the Bronx.
