I usually like this mall, however either due to black Friday or President Medvedev's recent threats to the West, but the middle aged population seemed to have dropped off the face of the earth. It's as if there was an age limit to get in (thankfully and miraculously I made the cut). So here I was in the sea of optimistic teens running around with their shiny toys and like two grandmas who dared to venture out even though they obviously made a pact not to. Black Friday is a terrible day. The name is terrible, the crowds are terrible and I've never seen such burning desire to save $10 bucks. I won't even mention how long it took to find parking. Again, this was my "day after Thanksgiving" experience and not the norm.
I came here about 2 months ago. It's such a great mall to spend a few hours in. Too bad a mall of this caliber is not in my area. If it was, my ATM card would be worn out by now. Just remember to wear comfy shoes. It would be a pain if otherwise. Yes, this mall is that huge. I had to look at the directory at least 3 times to see where I was going. Also, this place is easy to get to via public transit. Can't wait to come here again.
I like the fact that this mall is close to my house!Yay!And they have Auntie Annes and Cinnabon!
this mall is huge but the parking really sucks
Why mess with the best!!! Always been a big fan of this mall growing up in Bergen County in the 60's and 70's. More is not better!!!! Keep it simple, we will still come!!!
I only come to this mall when necessary. Avoid due to crowds year round, giant movie theater added doesn't help. My main draw was the pet store and giant Borders, long gone. Good place to go if you don't have a car, and need to kill lots of time.
This is a great mall, you can find just about any store you need here, food and other services like salons, etc. but it is crazy crowded with people after 12 noon. up until closing on Fridays and Saturdays. during the week it's OK, you can walk around easily and parking is fairly easy to find but the parking is almost always a major issue on the weekends. i have a couple of tricks that i can't divulge;) but i can find a parking space every time, even on the rare occasion that i go during the frenzied times. unfortunately, this mall is large and it's a hassle walking from one end to the other if you need certain stores that are located on opposite ends.  wear a good pair of comfortable shoes and plan out your shopping trip. i happen to know most of the mall and i only go to a handful of stores so usually I'm in and out. getting to this mall by Rte 4 to Rte17 can be a nightmare during rush hour so if you can, avoid it. Go early or later in  the day.
I will go back.  It's a place you can find most anything, however, the mall itself, with all it's kiosks and vendors in the middle has become just like the bazaar in Istanbul.  You expect it and appreciate being approached by haggling sales people in Turkey, but in a so-called upscale mall like this, it's just plain annoying.  What happened to this mall?  And not all stores are on "the up-and-up."  Even with Macy's there are dishonest sale signs and people.  (I bought an item that said 50% off.  Dumb-me, I got home and noticed I was charged full price.  I went back a few days later - what a hassle! and they wouldn't honor it.  They said the sale sign only went up that day ... not the day I bought it.  This was untrue.  I asked several sales people for the Customer Service Department.  Apparently there isn't any!  I returned the item cause I didn't want to argue.  No more Macy's in Paramus or Jersey City for me.  I'll go to Nordstrom or ... K-Mart first!)
They truly have it all here! I wish they were open on Sundays! You can find everything from lower end stores to higher end stores like Louis Vuitton to unique boutiques. There's a wide variety of options here.  The layout is nice and clean. Food-wise, there are tons of restaurant options if you don't want to settle for food court food. Steakhouses, Italian restaurants, American restaurants, cafes, California Pizza Kitchen, Zinburger, Grand Luxe cafe, etc. On weekend, it can get very crowded and parking can be difficult because there's an AMC movie theater attached to the mall so I would recommend going during off-peak hours.
This is a great mall, but I hate going here. Especially on weekends.  It is just way too crowded.   Try to go on weekdays ... daytime hours if you can to minimize the claustrophobia. That said, the mall has a great variety of shops.  I used to come here a lot 15 years ago when I first moved to the area.  Now the Internet and Amazon Prime have made my visits to the mall far less frequent.  I did get a chance to rediscover a few months ago when I met up a with a friend.  We had blast exploring the Tesla store and the Yogibo store.  I didn't buy a huge bean bag, bug I bought a little beanbag to hold my iPad. Parking is one of my biggest complaints about this mall.  I prefer to park far away and walk to avoid the headache.   All that said, it is a great mall and has a better variety shops than most of the other malls in Paramus.
I absolutely LOVE this mall!!! HUGE with lots of stores and variety. There's a LUSH, a puppy store, a movie theatre, Johnny rockets, things to remember, UNIQLO, sur la table, CPK, converse, Nordstom etc.... Lots of parking too and really spacious mall. Not very far from the humongous outlet stores too if you're doing a full day of shopping!!!
This place used to be a solid 3 star joint for me.  The mall itself is great in that they have a huge selection of shops and a nice mix of luxury and casual stories that appeals to a wide range of consumers. The fact they have some decent chain restaurants here (Joe's, Legal Seafood, etc.) and an ok food court also scores bonus points.  It also helps that they have a terrific movie theater with lots of comfortable seats. However, my biggest previous gripe was how PARKING SUCKED HERE.  That was partially due to the huge amount of human traffic that passes through this mall and was exacerbated by the construction of a badly-needed new parking lot. Well fast forward what feels like years, and at last the big garage is done.  While it doesn't totally alleviate the parking issue, it definitely helps thanks to the fact the system is now modernized and features red/green lights that help drivers identify open spaces from afar.  It also has display boards that indicate how many empty spaces are available on each deck, which greatly alleviates the problem of endless cars circling around pointlessly for a space. With that improvement - and the addition of a brand new (albeit small) wing to the mall to accommodate the new parking lot entrance - this mall has added new life to its creaky bones.  I can see why despite other decent malls in the area, this place continues to get a lot of shopper traffic. Granted, if you come here during rainy days or around the holidays, you should still expect to see a ton of people around (e.g. come early to get decent parking).  At least the improvements they made are noticeable and are making a difference in the overall experience.
I grew up going to this mall. It's gigantic and has basically every store you would need. They just finished another addition on it. I have not ventured to the new addition yet because I was scared I would get lost or distracted from my mission. I tend to go to this mall only with a mission, not to wander. The food court is pretty good. Sarku Japan, wraps, sushi, Wendy's, etc. Stay away from the terrible, fake pizza. There are a few restaurants including Zinburger (yum), California Pizza Kitchen and Grand Lux Cafe. They also have a Capital Grille which is more high end. Parking is usually a nightmare. They have a new parking garage that's about 5 floors that has the lights along the top to tell you if there are any open spots or not which helps a bit. I suggest you stay as far away from this mall as possible during the holiday season! It's incredibly packed and parking is unreal. If you must shop here during this season, it's worth it to come really early in the morning when it's not as full. A good mall overall.
Shop. Eat. Movies. Do everything here! Definately worth coming here if your a New Yorker. So many stores all in one place. Come early parking is crazy and wear comfy shoes.
I got lost in this F'n mall last night. It is a gotdayum labyrinth. ugh
Excellent mall. Parking ample (if you park behind the mall) and a wide selection of stores and restaurants! Having a Nordstrom is excellent! The mall is currently undergoing a lot of renovations to establish consistency in the flooring throughout the facility. This is a nice touch and shows that Westfield really cares about their customers shopping experience. Ps, a tip... The smell of Johnny Rockets on the first floor of the mall is repulsive... I recommend holding your breathe and plugging your nose before walking by!
This place is HUGE.  So many stores are here.  I can only manage it when on a "mission" for a specific things from a specific store.  Parking is a nightmare at this mall, especially since they made it much bigger a few years ago.   Gucci Neimans Nordstrom Tiffanys are just a few of the higher end stores here.   But they also have: Abercrombie Gap Ann Taylor etc They pretty much "have something for everyone" here.  If you can find it.   Also a movie theater and very large food court.  If you don't like the food court go to one of the many other restaurants located throughout.
This mall has everything and its huge.  One stop shopping.  Parking is a bit tough sometimes, but you can always find a spot if your willing to walk. Traffic around this place is always a nightmare.  Rt 4 and Rt 17, the intersection where this mall is located jams up quite frequently. Every store you could possibly think of in terms of brand name is here.  There are also quite a few restaurants here as well.  The food court has changed over the years, and now it contains a lot of chain fast food places. I think this place is getting more upscale, as the number of high end brand name stores has increased.
Came to this mall many times in my life. It is pretty large. Good amount of selections. And I like the food court. Great place for browsing and chilling.
The pros are simple. They have a ton of stores. All you could want from a mall, and then some. They also have a great food court. Remember calories don't count at malls, airports, and highway rest stops. The biggest drawback to this mall is that it is always crowded, and the crowds are not that much fun to deal with. Also, it's in Bergen County so forget about coming here on a Sunday.
my mall since childhood, nothing can beat GSP. Has best of both worlds, high end shops + more affordable ones as well. They are always renovating and trying to make it look more sleek, modern, and convenient for shoppers.
i LOVE this mall. If you don't know where you're going, it can be very confusing and easy to get lost because it's quite big with areas that don't all connect. They are in the middle of renovating different sections and have added a new section that I shopped in for the first time. Love the new updates - I miss Lane Bryant, Torrid and Old Navy. Bring them back!!!
If you're looking for something to do, or a place to walk around on a rainy day, this is the best place to go. This mall has almost every name brand store you can think of.  From low end stores to high end stores. I've only been here twice and both times were near closing time (within 2 hours before) so it wasn't too crowded and finding parking wasn't too hard either. I haven't been to the food court but from what I saw it wasn't too appealing. Overall I'd come back again, even if it is just to do a day's worth of window shopping!
Fully loaded and just getting bigger. As a jersey girl this is a go-to. Very crowded on Saturdays and I stick to weekdays. The movie theatre is very busy as well. Overwhelming if you are not used to jersey malls. Hits the spot for most shopping needs.
This place is huge, but that's a good thing. It's hands down the most overcrowded mall many of you will ever visit, filled with folks from Jersey, NY and CONN. There's a nice combination of both luxury and mid-range stores; loads of variety. It beats every mall I have to deal with here in the Chicago area--no malls here come close to being half as good as GSP or other Jersey malls I've been too(sigh).
I hate coming to this place because of the parking and traffic but they do have a lot of good stores and they keep it clean. I think if they made better traffic patterns; like a one way circular road around the entire mall...it would be a better experience coming here.
Do you ever feel so out of place somewhere, that's it's just unbearably uncomfortable? Well that's how I felt the first time I came here. Yuppie central. But after a while, you learn your way around, and to ignore the glares and glances directed your way. Not every trip to the mall requires your to wear Armani or Louis Vuitton. Anyways, there's a great selection of stores. And the size of the department stores in this mall are just out of this world. Layout can be confusing to the first timer, but luckily there's a map every now and then. Downfall is the parking. Hate, hate, hate parking here. Did I mention I hate it? Between people not knowing how to drive properly and the traffic getting here off of 17, it just makes me cranky. Forget the parking garage and just find a spot outside by Macys.
This mall is always busy no matter what day of the week, and it can get very crowded on holidays or weekends. The stores are in mid to high end: Anthropology, Madewell, Aritzia, Carlo Pazolini, Juicy Couture, Super Dry, Club Monaco, Gucci, LV, Neiman Marcus, etc. there is also a big Uniqulo that's great for comfortable casual wear. There are lots of great restaurants. The California Pizza Kitchen, Grand Luxe Cafe, and Capitol Grille are perhaps the best. The food court has a good sushi stand. And in the if you love Froyo, Tutti Frutti is upstairs near the AMC Theatre.
I'm pretty sure more people come here to eat than to actually shop. There are so many restaurants to eat at and also a huge food court that is usually busy on the weekends. I can gallivant through the mall and see more people sitting down eating or ordering food than actually shopping. The stores range from high end fashion to low end "I need clothes ASAP" and with only two floors getting lost is probable. Oh yeah and good luck finding parking on Saturday as they are closed on Sunday.
The Mall of all Malls in Jersey. Im a Jersey girl and grew up in this mall. Granted back then it didn't have a movie theatre nor most of the luxury boutiques it now has. Stay away from the Food Court/Movie Theatre wing of the mall. It's Ghetto City down there. A whole different world! I tend to stay in the Nordstrom/Neiman Marcus wings as all the stores I shop at are there and it's clean and not crowded with teenagers. But hey, we were all teenagers once, underage with nothing to do but hang out at the food court, walk around and watch a movie. The mall is always super crowded especially on the weekends. It's a sea of NY license plates taking advantage of the no sales tax. Overall, good stores and the best mall in NJ with Short Hills coming in close second.
Simply put, horrible place to deal with during the holidays, and weekends.  Parking is a nightmare here now more then ever when it is busy, because if the valet nonsense the mall is pushing down your throat here.  $10-15 bucks to park your car, and most the valet parking is usually vacant while your playing find the free spot for 30 minutes.
The good: Love the stores here, especially forever 21, h&m and uniqlo. Tons of choices for dining. My favorites include California pizza kitchen, meatball obsession and grand luxe. Stores range from affordable (see stores listed above) to high end (gucci, Neiman Marcus). There is valet. The bad: Parking is a hellish nightmare. It is harder to get parking here than it is to get into an American Medical School, im not kidding. Your best bet is to wait by an entrance and literally stalk & pounce on the first person you see leaving the mall. This takes skill and patience. May the odds be ever in your favor.... The place is huge. Leave your jacket in the car and dress light. Walking from store to store will leave you feeling like you just spent the day at magic Kingdom and fed your kids sugar, like by the spoon, for breakfast. Maybe bc I am a new yorker I can't deal with the mega mall thing bc f*#% this place overwhelms me. BUT despite the place being an energy drainer, there are tons of stores and you're pretty much guaranteed to find what you are looking for.
There's a wide variety of stores at GSP, even at the food court. It has almost any store in one mall which makes it easy to get your shopping done instead of having to go to another location. Most malls are either lower end or higher end but GSP offers both. It does get pretty packed on weekends. I suggest coming to shop during the week days or very early on weekends. The only downfall is getting to this mall. No matter how many times I've been here it's still the hardest to navigate getting in here.
I have been coming to this mall since I was a young kid and I have seen it change so much.   It's newest changes though make it one of the best malls there is.  They have finally gotten in so newer nicer stores and cooler places to buy things.  They have also recently added a lot of money redoing the floors and a lot of the mall with a brand new massive parking garage.  They are constantly working on the mall and the construction looks a bit ugly.  I can say that the inside of the mall is like nothing you have ever seen or ever been curious about.  There are so many stores you will be overwhelmed by the amount of things you can buy and the places you can go.  They have really updated the food court as well and brought in some places people want to eat.  The only down side to this mall is that they have had one shooting and threats of more.  This is not to discourage people from coming here just letting you know to be careful.
Great place to shop and more selections from different brands. Stopped by LV, Tory and BCBG, huge mall. Finally got some where to rest my feet at Lavi nails, great spa .. lol. Head out for the movie and got my mom's present at Nordstrom. Love it.
Best thing to do is to come early in the morning on a Saturday before the crowds descend or on week nights. Great variety of stores, all department stores....but the place is a mad house on Fri night & Saturday & especially close to the holiday season. I try to avoid it Dec-Jan! But it is the biggest mall in NJ and definitely has a  lot to offer all under one roof, along with the restaurants around it & the AMC theater.
Love hate relationship with this mall. Love that EVERYTHING is here, but I hate getting here. Tis the life of your average Bergen county resident. But it is the Mecca of NJ shopping malls. Just be prepared for ridiculous traffic during rush hour, for miles leading up to the two main highways where the mall intersects, on route 4 and route 17. The new, state of the art parking lot was completed before Christmas season 2013, with the green/red smart parking spot technology, but I find it a bit annoying that there is only one main entrance on the first floor, which is conveniently located for those who can afford $10 valet services. By this main entrance will be some newer stores not yet completed, including a Tori Burch store and Max Brenner. There is a new play area for kids, located in the food court. My 2 yr old had a lot of fun here, as did the other throngs of kids and exhausted parents. Some of my favorite stores include a very impressive Apple store that moved to a larger space in 2013, a men's Coach store, the ageless carousel for kids, located just outside of Macy's, and the Uniqlo store where Old Navy used to be. Favorite restaurants are Zinburger, where burgers and drinks are cheaper on their happy hour days, Wednesday and Sunday, all day; Joe's American Bar & Grill is still good after all these years, and I may be biased because I used to work there as a server & later as a bartender in a former life; food court had some of your typical food joints, but recently stepped out up with chipotle last year. Non-NJ residents beware: this is Bergen county, the mall is closed on Sundays but the restaurants and movie theater are open.
This is by far my favorite mall. Regardless of the new "fashion district" which includes the higher end stores, there as always been a wide variety of stores. This mall is huge, and most likely will include the stores you are looking for. I also give this mall 5 stars for cleanliness, the bathrooms are spotless, the tables at the food court are spotless, and the general look if the mall is simply spotless. P.S. The late night mall cops are nice!
This isn't a review on the mall but on the Yelp event for the Microsoft store. I couldn't check in under the store listing for some reason but you get the idea. The Microsoft event was a cool one because of how interactive the staff was with all the guests. The new store is a big space where all their products are displayed and is open to public use. I had a great time playing with all their tablets and asking all my questions regarding technology. My favorite product was the beats by dre desktop by HP!!! it was only 1200 for a black and red desktop! (i am a marketing team main target lololol) The microsoft team made sure their yelp elites were well fed and had great swag bags. In short, I can't wait until Microsoft does another event.
While I love this mall and I had every store you could ever want. Walking around and general parking is just a hassle. Maybe it's because I came a few days after Christmas, but still! The garages were full, people were directing traffic, merging was a nightmare. Also, walking around inside the actual mall was ridiculous. It was so crowded that trying to leave the flow of traffic in the hall to get into a store proved to be rather difficult. But the mall itself is really great. Just don't go when there is even a chance that it could be crowded.
The biggest gripe about this mall is the parking. They have added a new parking garage but parking is still a pain in the butt here. Usually opt to go to the top of the parking garage, there seems to be more spots there than on the lower levels. One of the biggest draws to this mall is the number of stores here. They have everything and with the new 'Fashion District' update: they've added a Tory Burch, Tiffany's, added a newly renovated  the Urban Outfitters, Starbucks, Havaianas, and more.
The Tilly Shack.... Exotic and unique for people that love beauty!
one of the best malls i've been to. since its farther away its like a day trip for us to get up to paramus but its worth the trip. they got everything up there and its a nice day out. loved so many stores and the parking wasnt as bad becuz we went today during the afternoon. dont 4get to stop by the b.duck stand! look it up. adorable!!!!
I don't know why I couldn't find a Yelp for Nordstrom by itself. Anyway, I just wanted to say the Laura Mercier counter here at this Nordstrom is exceptional. Nadia is the only one I purchase with. She is patient with her customers & is a great multitasker. She knows her products & I love everything she's ever suggested to me. No pressure on her end but I still can't help but continue to purchase from this counter from this pleasant sales woman.
Positives: the mall is huge and pretty much has every store you could possibly need or want and a huge AMC movie theater. But because of that, this mall is jammed packed!!! Insanely packed. Packed to the brim and then some. Around Christmas, this mall causes the worst traffic on all the major highways in Bergen County. I one time sat in an hour of traffic trying to just get out of the mall. The worst is every Saturday, it's just so busy that best of luck finding a parking spot! I just went today on Friday after lunch time and the parking situation was STILL bad. Also, now most of the parking is "Valet Parking" so get ready to shell out some money. Will the traffic be better if they're open Sunday too? Doubtful. It'd be jammed packed and crazy on Sunday AND Saturday then. I avoid this mall at all cost and rather go to Paramus Park, which is a lot quieter.
Excellent and amazing mall... The best mall by far in the tri-state area. 300+ retail stores (nearly every kind of store you will find here), great food court and restaurants, and nicest movie theater ever! New and super cool 5 level parking garage that tells you empty parking spots thru red and green overhead light. NO tax on shoes & clothes (gets crowded on Fridays, Saturdays, school breaks & holidays). Good thing is that the mall is closed on Sundays, great place to work/shop :) This huge mall is close to NYC, N.Y. State and other nearby malls... Great location.
I was back here again to visit the Apple store and have some lunch. See my separate review on the Apple store, including some pics. I learned this mall has begun a $130 million project to replace the exisiting four level parking deck adjacent to Neiman Marcus with a five level parking deck with 300 additional parking spaces. Will one extra deck with only 300 additional parking spaces be enough? I doubt it. It seems to me they should rebuild a six or even seven level parking deck. Also they will remodel the adjacent existing mall space to carve out room for 20 more urban premium, upscale designer brands to complement their existing tenants such as Louis Vuitton and Gucci. The added parking is a welcomed improvement especially during the holiday shopping season, when you can't find a place to park until you drive around to locate someone leaving. Some drivers actually follow the customers back to their cars. I guess this mall is doing well, since whenever I visit the mall is busy.
The mall serves it purpose but I do try to avoid this mall at all costs. I tell you why because it can become too much in a short period of time. It is strategically located near and between Rte. 17, GSP, 80, and 4. At any given time this place can become over crowded with kids, families, and just everyday life. On the one hand, I enjoy it because I enjoy big and beautiful malls. It has my favorite bakery (Crumbs), the food court and restaurant choices are not bad at all, and the last time I went I found everything I was looking for. I particularly enjoy the fact that the department stores are usually bright, clean and welcoming. The downside is the very fact that is right in the middle of all the action and it gets extremely crowded on a Saturday. Parking can be a pain in the butt even on  a slow day. It is just a mall I enjoy to hit up a few restaurants I enjoy and do a quick once over.
This is a hard mall to judge with stars. It can be 3 or 4 maybe even 5. I have been coming to this mall for my entire life since it is so close to my house. It has grown to be one of the largest malls in america which is fantastic. They have every store you could ask for! spending a lot of money here is extremyl easy and you'll find a lot of great things. They have plenty of places to eat as well including a chili's and on the boarder right outside the mall. There is a Best Buy right outside too which is great. THis mall honestly has everything you can need. The only downfall is parking. Between people going to Best Buy, the AMC movie theater and the mall parking is insane sometimes. Especially during holidays! try to avoid at all costs lol. I worked at this mall for over 5 years and unless you know what roads to take, it can take a long time to get around this place in a car. My best advice is park as far away as possible and just walk! dont be lazy; you will get in quicker and get out quicker. Great mall overall though and worth checking out if you wanna do some serious shopping!
I will do my best to not write a biased review, considering I've worked in this mall for 10+ years. First, I'll talk about the positives. The amount and variety of stores will probably blow your mind. Even I'm still impressed. The food court is decent, but I feel it needs more variety considering there's about 4 spots for Asian cuisine. The actual restaurants are superb--California Pizza Kitchen, Grand Lux Cafe, Zinburger, Legal Sea Food, Capital Grill, and more. The movie theater is huge, has its own entrance, always plays the latest flicks, and is well maintained. This mall really has just about everything. Now, onto the negatives. While it's great that they are constantly adding new stores and revamping old ones, they are really overdoing it with all the expansions. Not only are they creating traffic within the mall by not adding additional parking spaces as part of the expansion (which is supposedly changing), but they are creating traffic for the surrounding areas as well. During the holidays, this place is a complete war zone. I'm forced to come here, but I still choose to do my shopping online to save myself the aggravation. Overall, a great mall ... if you can get inside!
It's ok.  If you don't have enough time to shop online and get free shipping then I guess come here to shop. Sometimes trying on clothes is a reason to shop here too. The parking lot for some reason people are aggressive in fighting for a spot. Hey, relax, it's just a shopping mall!   They do offer a wide variety of stores to make this a one-stop-shop kinda of joint.   If you're tired and you want to pack up the car with bags you can then unwind in one of the restaurants in the mall or even watch a movie at the AMC theater.   The structure is designed to keep you spending your mula $$ all day long. I'm a planner so this isn't for me.
It's a large mall with a variety of shops. I've been here a few times while visiting family. It's strange, the mall can be nearly empty inside, and it'll be nearly impossible to find parking outside. I do like the layout of the mall, and how there is a little cafe serving coffee and tea in a sunny spot with little flowers on the table (I forget the name of the cafe). However, I'd rather go to the Palisades because they have easier parking.
Now, this my dears, is a mall. GSP deserves 5 stars simply because it is so fucking huge - we're talking every single income level of department store here, folks from JC Penney's to Neiman Marcus. This joint has everything you could want to spend money on. It is easily one of the finest shrines to consumerism in our dear country. It's also one of the most diverse places I've ever been in with every single kind of teenager walking around looking bored. It's just a totally astounding place. Super impressive. I always seek refuge (w/ Orange Julius in hand, of course) at the H & M which is all the way at the other end of the mall by the Lord & Taylor and is never as crowded as the other sections of the mall. Edit 2008: The Orange Julius has been replaced by a KFC Express. The Borders got butchered by some shit called Grand Lux Cafe (some distant cousin to Cheesecake Factory) and the bus stop, previously directly in front of the mall has now been moved to Mall Siberia, Lot 45. And that horrible pet store is STILL there. However, Urban Outfitters & American Apparel are on the way. There's an Apple store, an AMC movie theatre and amidst the 8 billion cell phone kiosks, there's an eyebrow threading station. So still: a magical wonderland in Paramus.
Total Nightmare To Enter And Exit  Wide Variety Of Retailers  Worlds Worst Drivers In This Parking Lot Tom M. & Chuck A. are 100% correct in their reviews so I'll just reiterate. The egress, and regress to this mall is terrible, parking is atrocious as aggressive drivers scratch and claw at one another. Busing in a unsavory crowd from all points this mall has seen a decline in the clientele they attract, I live close by and have zero desire to shop here. Occasionally I will eat at one of the restaurants here on Sundays when the mall is closed. THANK GOD FOR THE BLUE LAW! The residents of this county have spoken. Now get in your car on Sunday and go jam up some other community's roadways, the mall will reopen on Monday K?
I rented a zipcar and drove out to this mall because everyone talks about how great it is. If you're.... --patient (it takes about half a day to get there cuz of all the traffic, then another 45+minutes to find parking a thousand miles away from the mall) --fiesty (then you have to fight for the parking) --and have endurance (it's so damn crowded it takes 10 minutes to get to the store next door because there're so many people!!) this mall is for you. Plan to waste an entire day just for shopping. I gave it two stars for there's a Trader Joe's up the street that actually has stock.
I love this mall, as it has almost every store you could possibly want to go to. The biggest drawback is the traffic you have to deal with getting in and out of the mall trying to park. It is such a headache, that it's even worse than dealing with the chaos on the local highways during rush hour. Parking there is not for the faint of heart. And by the way, the mall is always jam packed no matter when you go, so prepare to either valet or spend some time looking for a spot to park. Happy Shopping! 4 stars for the mall, -1 for dealing with the parking.
Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the mall, Tons of creatures were stirring, cause last minute shopping did call. Signs were hung outside each store with care, Letting shoppers know what gifts to get there. The children were home all snug in their beds, While visions of all their gifts danced in their heads, And dads and their wallets and moms with purses, Run store to store mouths full of curses. When out in the center arose such a clatter, Few people came to see what was the matter. Gathering near the booth i heard a big crash, Of a dumb toy chopper that was being sold for cash. When the moon through the skylight finally did show, It was telling shoppers that it was soon time to go. When what to my wandering ears I should hear, But people saying "lets go eat and drink beer." With little old drivers, taking their time, I thought in a moment I'd soon commit a crime. Slow as hell do people depart, And not before long does the road rage start. Move idiot! Move jerkoff! Move dumbass and slut! Faster stupid! Faster asshole! Faster douchebag and mutt! To route four! Finally out of the mall! Towards home! Towards home! To notice how cash sure did fall!
HUGE MALL !!! ....Filled with a bunch of guidos and guidettes. Baked faces with nude lipsticks. Plucked eyesbrows. Lifetime supply of hairgel in their hairs. Fuck. My. Life. With a dildo. Went into American Apparel with my friend browsing through overpriced clothing. I told my friend, "hey, they sell vibrators here but they call them back massagers. I saw on their website a couple years back." (Don't believe me? it's true, look it up, they call it the Magic Wand) Then my friend goes up to a salesperson, "Hey, do you sell vibrators here?" REALLY LOUD. Salesperson goes, "o_o ..um.. heh ... noo....?" my friend then continues, " Oh really? because my friend over here said you guys sell vibrators." AND THE WHOLE STORE LOOKED AT ME. I was left helpless :(
Once upon a time I didn't worry about money. I didn't worry about bills. I was super into school and extracurriculars.. but during the summer.. during the summer I had a full time job (and then some), worked my arse off... and shopped even more. For what is there to do in Jersey when you're 17? You can only eat so many plates of disco fries.. injure yourself so many times at Action Park.. see so many movies.. play so much pool.. and stalk so many boys before it starts getting old. F'serious. This mall helped me get through most of my phases.. because unlike a lot of Jersey malls (see Short Hills), it doesn't seem to cater to one particular style or age group (even today). Which is ya know, good and bad. For me, I don't think I'm one particular style anymore so I flutter from store to store in a heavenly state enjoying all my favorites in one place. At the same time it just brings tons and tons of people in each year, which is killer during the holidays. But that's also because they have some of THE best sales in Jersey mall-age.. besides Jersey Gardens and Willowbrook of course. On top of that.. they have a frigging carousel.. how can you bring the hate when there are magical ponies in the middle of the mall? There restaurants are plentiful. I'm not gonna lie, I've scored a lot of free food here being Flirty McFlirt Dish. Well.. that was back in my high school days.. but my friends and I used to get free apps or desserts every time. One host used to give me flowers for my hair. lol I never really worried about partaking in tons of food though because walking around this expansive malls is definitely a workout. And I always found/find parking. Should I tell you where there are always spots? Yeah, I love ya Yelpers.. but mall parking secrets are few and far between. muhahaha Oh.. and as a result of one of my trips to GSP when I was 14.. I may or may not have been pictured in BB/Bop for being the oldest fan in line to see a certain wee pop singer. Oh man. I could add this to my awkward celeb run in list considering when I met this little one his assistant (easily 3-4X his age) was opening candy and putting it into his mouth and I may or may not have said something inappropriate.. butttttt.. I'm saving it for my book. ;)
Things change. That's what I say every time I go to GSP, my home mall, the mall I have been going to since birth. Believe it or not, it started as an outdoor mall.... then they built one wing, another wing, and that's when it started to get out of control. There is too much variety these days. The anchor stores are stable and solid but the actual mall has to many stores or kiosks that I can say with confidence will not pass the test of time. If only we could limit the following, we'd all be better off. 1. cell phone case kiosks - get it at the apple store or online. 2. threading - no need to see this as I line up for my cell phone case. 3. cheap massages - can you really relax for a ten minute massage in that weird chair with all that noise!? 4. yogurt - How many pink berry imitators can be in one mall? 5. Pretzels - Wetzels, Antie Ann, and the copy cats. 6. Tea shops - Tea hasn't and won't catch on on the east coast. Maybe in California, but not here. And while I like bubble tea, this is not a mass appeal drink. Maybe in china town, but not in the GSP. 7. Crystal engraving - never seen anyone put their face in one of these crystals. Have any of you ever had the urge to do this? 8. Pushy Israelis selling Dead Sea lotions and products. 9. The Kiosk where they say "you're pretty" to everyone walking by with hopes they will sign up for their modeling scam. 10. MSG filled chicken - there must be 6 places offering the same heart palpitation inducing chicken in the food court. Ok, I feel better now. Been meaning to write this review for a while now!
I fear this mall. It's a hassel to get in and a Homeric journey to get out. I'd go here only if I had no other choice. Last time, a group got in a fight right in front of me. 3 v 1. review 4/1/2008 I.M.Y.
I dont know how a NYC girl ended up here (well actually I do, I wanted to go to roadrunners for new sneakers and a compression calf sock) No mall deserves 5 stars, so lets start by stating that fact.  Malls draw crowds, annoying teenagers, and fat families for the food court. The westfield mall is huge, and very crowded and dirty. Lots of high end stores filled with ghetto people using their income tax return to buy the latest designer duds. Nothing about this mall will make me come back here, I guess if you live in the area you have no choice, but since I dont, well.... Roosevelt Field how I underestimated you.
Forget it, i'm totally over this place... its hard to get in and find parking, it's hard to LEAVE cause they close off all possible exits except like two, making people drive insane to get the heck out.. cars start driving in opposite directions cause they're just tired of being stuck in stand still traffic.. signs prevent easy flow of traffic, who the heck knows why...I saw tire tracks from trucks driving over concrete to get the heck out of the mall hey, instead of hiring all the traffic controllers and paying for all the signs on the highway trying to control traffic, how about u make MORE PLACES TO PARK?  Brilliant right? Once you're even in the mall, its so congested, especially now w/tons of teens, you're just not enjoying yourself at all.. you're fighting for a tight table to sit and eat in the stuffy food court, you're constantly fighting against people congestion.. it just doesn't make for a good day of shopping.. who'd put themselves through all this?
Each year, my wife and I always take the first Friday in December off to do some Christmas shopping and yesterday we started at Garden State Plaza.  I haven't been here in a long time, probably eight years now, so a lot has changed...and one of the coolest things I've seen at a mall was the parking garage.  They have electronic signs up as you drive up, telling you how many available spots there are on each level.  Not only that each spot has a light above it so as you drive down a row you can tell if there is a spot available (green) or not (red).  We did, however, get here early and when we were leaving the parking lots were PACKED and a little crazy. As for the shopping, this mall is pretty cool, but has gotten a little high end for shopping for us and the kids-we still have some pretty middle of the road likes and needs (I mean they have a Tesla showroom, c'mon!?!).  Great shops, beautiful clothes and shoes, great range in the flagship stores (from JC Penny to Niemann Marcus), nice food court (a Zin Burger is coming soon) but just not a ton of places I would shop normally.  Don't get me wrong, there were some places we were able to shop in, one of the coolest was Marbles: The Brain Store.   I guess im just a little bummed that the kids are growing up and I can't buy 80% of the stuff at Toys R Us anymore (in fact, I don't know that we'll even step into that store this year. Anyway, we DID get some shopping done, but certainly not all of it.  Back out on the road soon I guess.  I will definitely be back here again.
Pros: -They have a store for every taste and need. -Conveniently located and easily accessible from NYC and NJ. Cons: -Parking is a nightmare. -The local are pompous pricks. -Every time I shop there I am followed around like a criminal. The guy in purse and bag department refused to help me, a girl in Juicy Couture as if I was going to steel and an old man working at Macy's asked if he could check my bag. Does something about me, say thief?
As many have stated, the parking lot can be a hassle. To make matters worse, security loves to barricade off a good portion of the roads. Even if you're trying to get to the external restaurants or AMC movie theater on a Sunday, you have to drive all the way around the mall if you came in the 'wrong' entrance. Ridiculous. I tend to avoid this place on Fridays and Saturdays because it's often packed senseless. The food court is filled with junk that seems like a good idea at first, until your stomach is hurting and you're hunting down the bathrooms (Go to Nordstrom and use theirs). There's pretty much every store here that you can imagine. If you leave, not being able to find something, there are many stores on Route 4 or 17 (Both highways intersect at the mall). The AMC movie theater is very nice but also expensive. The overall experience can be enjoyable if you find what you're looking for but if you don't like to be surrounded by large groups of people, avoid this mall.
This mall was huge 15 years ago, it got bigger 8 years ago, and now in 2006/2007 it's growing even larger with the expansion. You can't beat this mall... Bergen Cty law that shopping centers close Sundays, make note if you're not from the area.
If you asked me 10-15 years ago what I thought of this mall, I probably would have raved about it. Of course back then, my priorities in life were: cute boys, cheap clothes, and a place to hang out where parents didn't need to chaperone me. This is what Garden State Plaza (GSP) provided for me back then. Now I am a wise woman and my priorities have changed. But I think if I were in my high school years at this day in age, I still would like this mall. And I wouldn't mind coming here with my parents because it's gotten so huge that you can actually get lost in it. Every time I come back to NJ to visit and go to this mall, I feel like it's becoming a Mall of America. Probably because the malls in Massachusetts are not that great. But c'mon, when you have at least FOUR department stores (Macy's, JC Penny, Nordstrom, Lord n' Taylor) you know you're going into something huge. You almost don't need to leave this mall because it seems to have everything: (1) a movie theatre (2) fine dining (yea, California Pizza KItchen! Grand Luxe Café! Ruby Tuesdays! (jk). A new wine/burger place is opening (Zinburger) up at this mall which I think may be good... (3) high-end to medium to low-end clothing brands, department stores (4) mini carts in between stores to make you feel like you're walking around the streets of Chinatown or Soho so that you might snag a good deal with an impostor belt brand, e.g. (5) cafés ranging from the fancy one at Nordstrom to the good ol' Dunkin' Donuts merged with Baskin Robbins (a quality ice cream store, I might add [I used to work there back in my day]) (6) Pet stores like the puppy clothing store with real live puppies as accessory (7) Rides! (e.g. a Merry go-round) This mall is really everything you could hope for in a mall, and the fact that it has gotten to the point has made the crowds even worse. Parking here is terrible! And even when you decide that you don't need to get the closest parking spot to the entrance, you still have to walk miles from your car to the door. The wise woman in me now will advise you to do online shopping as much as you can during Christmastime, although you can get all your gifts here. But even if you're coming here to run a simple errand, make sure you reserve a good time block in your day to do so -- traffic is hard to predict around here (there is almost ALWAYS traffic here).
I like GSP because it has Nordstrom and a HUGE selection of stores.  However, every complaint someone has made is totally valid.  The people tend to be scummy and the parking is totally ridiculous, even on a Monday morning.  But...if you are willing to overlook all of that, making a trip to GSP is worth it.  If you want a more shoppable H&M, I'd stay in the city, or go 5 minutes up to the road to Paramus Park (another mall) because the one at GSP tends to get really disorganized really quickly. UPDATE: I drove around for FORTY FIVE MINUTES last Saturday looking for a place to park.  Cool gas prices.  Cool.
Great mall, one of the best in the area. Five stars. However I hardly ever go there anymore. Why? 1. Traffic is a bitch (minus 1 star) 2. Parking is an even bigger bitch (minus one million stars.) Whose bright idea was it to move the movie theater to an already busy mall? The amount of car and human traffic in this place is out of control. AVOID AT ALL COSTS DURING THE HOLIDAYS. If you're able to avoid/deal with #1 and #2, then you're in for a wonderful shopping experience. Selections and bargains are plentiful.
Wow..this place is the mother of all malls. While visiting my brother I managed to sweetly finagle my way to this place. It was very overwhelmingly large and full of goodies. I've long been a fan of Westfield Malls being a Cali girl but man this takes the cake! I didn't get to spend much time here. I had promised the group I was only going in to do some sick damage at the Lululemon. I came. I saw. I conquered. Pro-tip: no sales tax on clothing! Definite day-tripper mall
This mall is the mother of all Jersey malls. Its HUGE! You can find pretty much every brand from Payless to Tiffany's, as well as countless restaurants, and movie theater. Needless to say it gets pretty crowded and parking is impossible, especially on Saturday since it is closed on Sunday. I like to avoid the crowds by getting there early on a weekday so I'm able to find a good parking spot in the garage by Neiman. My toddler loves the play area and love walking up and down the halls as I get my window shopping on.
Nice mall, lots of stores, indoor and outdoor parking lot. Parking is pretty bad so I always go weekdays before noon. If I get there after noon, going to have tough time to look for parking. Additionally they are undergoing renovating indoor parking place, parking issue got worse. But don't need to worry about weather, have most of shops I looking for. I like this mall except for parking.
This was my mall back in the day.  Good stores, fun dinners of cheese fries and cokes at Ruby Tuesday and plenty of 14 year old boys to stare at, while my friends and I spent lifeless hours here every weekend looking for "cuties".   Fast forward almost 15 years later, and I MAY come here once or twice a year.  I just can't do it.  This mall gets way too crowded, enough to induce claustrophobia and it is not worth me driving around for a minimum of 15 minutes to find parking, and another 15 minutes to get out of the parking lot.   I have gotten into intense verbal arguments with people trying to steal my parking spot, and it's just not worth me punching a guido in the parking lot to get some cute jeans at Nordstrom.
Ginormous mall.  Crowded and noisy, with a large choice of stores and restaurants including a food court.  There's also a movie theater with stadium seating and digital projectors.   Be prepared to spend most of the day there, and bring sensible shoes for walking.  Get there earlier because traffic and parking can be a problem and avoid peak hours  which are weekend evenings. Closed on Sunday, except for the movie theater and restaurants.
This mall is as busy as anything and you always have to park MILES away but I LOVE IT anyway.  They have every store you could possibly imagine.  If they don't I'm sure you could find it somewhere along rte. 17 because it is a shopper's haven! Plus they also have a California Pizza Kitchen which tastes so good after a long day shopping.
Terrible management that does NOT care about their tenants' employees. *This is in response to their opening on Monday, Dec 27th after a huge blizzard.* Telling employees to stay home but opening the stores is a real dick move (excuse my language). You put the employees in a position where they must A) call out and risk getting in trouble at work or B) risk their lives to get to work. For many people, their mall salary is crucial to their household, so they have a very tough decision to make. I can sustain our household for a while (fortunately) on my one salary, so my wife will NOT be risking her life to sell clothes to people.
I harken back 20 years ago, when GSP was about half the size it is now and I would be able to pull into the lot near  where  the Best Buy is now, and  find a parkIng spot in two minutes.....even on a Saturday. Those days are long gone, unless you get to the mall early on a weekday. The parking lots are usually crazy...which is a big turn-off. The mall has a tremendous selection of stores but it has just become so crazy there. The clientele has also slipped dramatically over the years. I enjoy the low keys malls like Paramus park, willow brook and Short Hills.
I must say, this is some nice mall. Pretty much all the shops I shop in can be found in this mall, especially now with Uniqlo open. It's also a huge mall, and I've never managed to see the whole thing in one day. Busy as well, so you know it's the real deal. My only complaint is how this mall (like many other places in New Jersey) don't open on Sundays. As a non-religious person, it would really suck having to live here and have no nearby places to go on a Sunday. The other complaint is the weird parking lot setup they have...slanted parking spots, really? I will always make this mall a stop in my trips to NYC, as well as Woodbury located just north of here.
this mall has everything. as long as your not looking for a real specialty store you  will find it. shop here if you like to shop
I remember when this was kind of an icky mall-Gimbels, Bambergers-it was MAJOR when Nordstrom showed up. I had not been to the GPS in almost a decade and was shocked at how upscale it is. (as for sinking rumors I haven't heard about that) I visited here on a Wednesday afternoon and it was pleasant enough-although I am sure it is a TOTAL nightmare on the weekends. The corridors are strangely narrow and it is very easy to get turned around.
The ever-growing mall.  I swear it expands three stores daily.  I remember when this mall was a 1/3 of the size it is now. There is a store for every one in here.  The variety is incredible.   One downfall, everyone shops here.  There isn't a time that this place isn't packed.  And they need more parking.  If you are going to expand a mall, you should expand your parking.
This is one of the two biggest malls in the area.  The other one being the Palisades Mall in Nyack, Garden State is much higher end.  It also has a big movie theater.   I would like to see a wider range of dining options.  For a high end mall, the restaurants they have are too common and casual.  A couple of more expensive and savory restaurants in the mall would be nice.  I also do not like the layout of the mall.  They have several hallways split from the center and it could get confusing.   Having the biggest outlet mall in Woodbury, I just don't see a point of coming to Garden State Plaza.
New parking garage opened but getting out is a disaster. It took us over an hour to get out of the garage. They should have designed more than one way to exit out. I've gotten out of Yankee stadium lots faster than this.
This mall is so big that it's a bit overwhelming at times. If you know exactly where you want to go, then it's not so cumbersome, but if you plan on meandering around without a plan, you'd have to spend the entire day there because of how huge it is. There's a movie theater, a few restaurants, a food court, even a carousel. You can pretty much find everything you need here. I have to dock a few stars for the fact that it's closed on Sundays (damn you, Bergen County and your weird laws!) and because it gets so crowded you waste gallons of gas while trying to find a parking spot.
This is one of the best malls in the area. Fantastic (chain) restaurants all around and inside. There is also a large food court if you are hungry! They have every shop imaginable from coach, to apple, to forever 21, and everything in between. All of the big name department stores are here too- Nordstrom, Macy's... Great big movie theater attached too! You may now be thinking: with all these great stores and restaurants, how could it possibly be 3 stars? There are several big drawbacks to this mall: -Parking can be a pain in the neck, especially on weekends or near the Christmas holiday. -Not open on Sundays. (WHAT???? STUPID I KNOW!) So Saturdays at this mall are that much more crowded. -People in the kiosks are crazayyyyyy! They will literally grab you and drag you over and slather products on you. Saying no and trying to walk away is not enough. -Traffic in the area is terrible Weighing the pros and the cons to this mall is a difficult and exhausting process, I hjave gone from 4 to 2 stars.  I'll round it out and give it a 3. This place is worth checking out, but don't say I didn't warn you!
I love this mall because it is BIG. unlike other malls in the U.S., obviously doesnt compare to the Mall Of America, but it does justice. Various stores, awesome eye candy for the ladies and gents, and yea. The only problem is parking, do u know how many accidents i have witnessed cuz of douche bags that decide to do 3432453 mph in the parking lot. Good job guys, GOOD JOB. btw, dont eat at the food court. why? ROACHES. yes, ROACHES.
I have been going to garden state plaza for Years now and LOVE this mall. The only time I will go to another mall in the area is if I need to go to bloomingdales since this mall does not have one. However, this is a super large mall and they have just about anything. Whether you are looking to spend big bucks ( Neimann Marcus, nordstroms, Louis vuitton, Chanel, Gucci, Alexander McQueen...) or on a budget ( forever 21, jcpenny, claires...) they have every store your heart desires. They have done some work to the mall lately expanding stores and replacing old stores with new ones. There are plenty of options to eat here. They have a large food court but also dine-in restaurants. My favorite is joes. You cannot find a better burger than this place and it's not expensive!! They also have more expensive restaurants like legal seafood and the new capital grille. I haven't tried the grille yet but it has received rave reviews. The mall is easily accessible from  the garden state parkway and routes 4 and 17. Parking can be a bummer after work and especially on saturday( the mall is closed on Sunday due to bergen county "blue law") I would give this mall 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that it's closed on Sunday. Also, since the addition of the AMC movie theater the mall seems to be even more run through by obnoxious teens and preteens that will step on your feet and shove their way through you without any qualm. Mall security is pretty much abismal here.
If you have nothing better to do than to wander around a mall all day, then I suggest coming to this mall. This place is HUGE and you have a ton of options here. Whether you are a label whore or a bargin shopper, this mall has it all! You have a ton of dining options and if you want to catch a flick after meandering the mall all day, you can do that too. The main cons to this place, as other yelpers have mentioned, is that parking's a pain in the arse and bobbing and weaving through the slow walking crowd is a pain too. Tons of kids running around w/ their parents too busy window shopping or digging through the racks to pay attention to their kids. You may also run into a D list celeb while you're here to. I saw that Jonathan something or other here when I was here Saturday. He's like BFF's w/ Kim K and he has a show on the E! network.
GSP is the biggest mall in NJ, hands-down. Lots of big stores, lots of great restaurants. Lots of shoppers. Considerably diverse food court. Shaped like a giant square, you could circle the two levels of the mall for hours without even noticing. (Erm, not like that's happened to me.) The stores on my must-visit list at Garden State: Anthropologie (it's huge!) LUSH Victoria's Secret Lego Store Lord & Taylor J.Crew Banana Republic Teavana -- I'm sad that the secret/hidden Starbucks behind the carousel is no more. (Oh yeah, there's a carousel. In the mall.) But on my last visit, I had my eye on that new coffee bar on the lower level. I'll be trying that next. -- I'm not even going to start with the parking. Other Yelpers have covered that. I can't. If I think about it, I'm going to get road rage on my computer. Just ... be warned. -- And speaking of driving, this is the only mall I have to pay a toll to reach. I am not highway-savvy enough to avoid the Parkway on my route, so, dear readers, offer up some tips if you have them! -- Blue Laws! I can't be the only non-Bergen County resident who has cursed these consumer-unfriendly rules. No shopping at Garden State on Sundays. What an inconvenience! I'd complain about it more, but I can just go to Short Hills / Willowbrook / Rockaway / Livingston / Cherry Hill / Woodbridge. Like I really need another day to shop anyway. Someone should put a Blue Law on my wallet, honestly.
The amount of stores in this mall is pretty impressive. It's Woodbridge, Menlo Park, and Short Hills mall fused together. My only complaints with visiting this place is the parking. Ridiculous any time of the year. P.S - Their Nordstrom shoe selection here is top notch!
This mall is the best mall around but just has one fatal flaw - No matter how many times they try and fix the 4 and 17 interchange, they can never get it right and the parking at this place, no matter how many times they add on - will never be enough. Once you get inside though.... SO many stores and food options.... How can you NOT love it?! I miss this place when I'm in California! Nordstrom, Macy's, Lord and Taylor, Neimans, JC Penney... Then top that off with like a ZILLION stores and a huge food court as well as MANY restaurants. There's an Apple store, a huge Banana Republic, Best Buy and so many others. It's shopping paradise in my opinion!
Now as everyone knows I'm from Jersey. And we all know what else comes from Jersey: malls. And this, my prettys, is the king of all New Jersey malls. Name a store and its probably here. Gap? its here. Sanrio? its here. Uhhh.....Apple Store? gee wiz, its also here. Since i know my way around I know a shortcut which bypasses all the traffic on Route 17. so I come up in the back of the mall, no traffic whatsoever.  But if you are a novice when it comes to driving on Route 17,  plan ahead because the traffic will make you pull your hair out, on saturdays most especially. what i don't like about this place is all the people. holy moly does it get crowded. but not only that, but everyone looks like they're straight out of  a casting call from "The Sopranos" with the high Jersey hair and the tight jeans, sashaying in their furry boots, wearing the paris hilton/nicole richie big ass sunglasses indoors and the damn accents. I'm from Jersey and I get offended. but again i digress... Bring lots of money because this is not a cheap place to shop. And bring a good pair of walking shoes because unless you fork up for the valet parking, you'll have to park about 1/4 of a mile away.  And dont forget that they are closed on Sundays.
One of the best malls I've been to and visit often with my boyfriend. This mall has almost every retailer that I love to shop at and with Uniqlo joining Garden State Plaza just makes it more valuable and special. Big mall, big lot for parking, and a decent food court. Tips: The mall is closed on Sundays. Coming during the holiday season can lead to difficulties of finding a spot for parking.
Parking's a pain, it's often crowded, and the high-end stores have started to attract more of the NYC crowd (which means even more traffic and people, hooray!).  All that said, it's a gigantic mall, and you'll find just about anything you want here.  The closest mall that even gets near this kind of store selection is the Palisades in NY. Skip the AMC...overpriced, and there are always noisy crowds at the shows.  Other than that, if you want a big honkin' commerce center, here it is.
I have been a mallrat here my whole life. I wish they still had a Starbucks but Teavana is a nice replacement. Great place to go shopping. Only drag is that the majority of the stores are closed on Sundays because of idiotic blue laws. Yes, I know it helps relieve traffic. But why should Paramus get to gain all the tax benefits of that mall and the surrounding areas have to deal with the traffic all week. So dumb. Suck it up Paramus. It's not 1776 anymore. It has: 1. Movie Theatre with IMAX 2. Clothing stores 3. Tech Stores (BestBuy) 4. Restaurants (Grande Lux) 5. Food Court 6. Sephora It has a bunch of stuff. Parking can be a pain. Winter is lunacy. I don't go near route 17/Route 4 during the holidays. People get nuts. All in all its a fun mall, nice architecture, good place to walk around and spend a few hours.
Yes, yes, there are lots of great stores at Garden State Plaza. I got a Ralph Lauren and Michael Kors suit from Macy*s for $400 together-- yep, that's right, for both. Anything you could hope to buy can be had here. Now that that's out of the way, I have a few bones to pick. GSP suffers from the same affliction that many malls that were developed in an area where people already lived and then expanded in a piecemeal fashion over time. It is a complete urban planning nightmare, a patchwork of clogged roads and overstuffed parking lots, of vehicular stalkers shadowing pedestrians in the hope that someone, somewhere is returning to their car to leave, thus opening up a parking spot. Entrance and egress from the mall should be easy, right? I mean you have Rts 4 and 17, and the Garden State Parkway all right near the mall-- but no, that's really difficult too. Often you can only get on your chosen road in one direction, not both, or you have to drive through the mall to get to the place where you can find the road of your choice, and that can take an additional 15 minutes on a Saturday. It is a hideous mess. Once inside the mall, the food court mirrors the chaos of the parking lot-- over crowded, with narrow aisles. You'll spend a good few minutes weaving in and out of human traffic with your tray looking for someone to finish their meal so you can grab their table. I mean, should I really have to work so hard to spend my money? One last gripe: No matter where you go in GSP there is always-- and I mean ALWAYS-- a screaming baby or child. Next time you go, listen out. You'll see I'm right. OK, so this was a lot more curmudgeonly than I had anticipated, or probably was warranted given that I gave this place 4 stars. It is pretty great, just go on a Tuesday morning.
Does this mall have it's own zip code? Cause it should. Biggest mall ever. That I've been to at least. I was very impressed by the selection of stores and the cleanliness. Went on a friday afternoon and it wasn't crowded! Yay The Forever 21 was huge for a mall and I got some great stuff there (sorry I cannot pass up a XXI...... I'm a loser) Awesome, huge Nordstrom! I love Nordstrom! Didn't buy anything there though. The reason I went there is because they have a Torrid and I wanted a pair of knee high boots. I have very thick calves, don't know why or how, my legs are disproportionately large in comparison to the rest of my body, so if I want knee high boots that fit, that's where I have to get them. The food court was disappointing for a mall that size, and the people who worked at American Eagle bugged me constantly about opening a credit card when all I wanted was to look at their awesome Aerie underwear. So annoyed that I just moved on. Other than that, no complaints!
I don't care if these con artists who run the George Washington Bridge (or whatever toll road/bridge they run) scam $15 out of me to go to Jersey. I WANT TO GO TO MY MALL. I will completely ditch all of New York City shopping if I can go to Garden State Plaza all the time and I am serious about that. I'm in love with this mall. IN LOVE. It has all the stores you can ever think of, whether high-end or low-end, all in one big mall. Yes, that combines those "one location-only" shops that include Aritzia, Lord & Taylor, Madewell and all those other stores you have to make the trip to SoHo or Midtown exclusively. Best of all, if you feel like splurging on that $300 Phillip Lim dress you've been eyeing on, there's no sales tax at all (NYC has a $110 restriction)!  Same goes for luxury goods, expect sales tax is slightly lower. You will not walk out of here empty-handed. I'm someone who usually gets bored at a mall after an hour and walk out empty-handed and disappointed but I walked out of this mall like I was on a shopping spree! The sales are great and they have a lot of stores you cannot find in New York (or travel to Long Island, otherwise)! I think I enjoy the department store ambiances more because they actually feel like what a real department store should be - not like the recent revamping of Macy's on 34th and Lord & Taylor with their ghost-like settings. I can't wait to come back here again. I would've made circles around this mall if I wasn't on such limited timing and if it wasn't so goddamn huge!
A fine shopping center.  It has all the stores you need and has a nice layout.  They could get more restaurants... but what they have is alright.  On lunchtime weekdays and weekends it's Mission Impossible to find parking... plus they're expanding and renovating so it makes it Mission Impossibler (yeah, that's probably not a word)... but otherwise it's a great place to shop.  It has both normal stores and high end stores which are generally all HUGE in size.   Definitely shop here, it's like the hub of all shopping... plus if you want to go to other stores or malls they're very close by.  Ikea is practically next door.. as well as Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Christmas Tree Shops, etc so on and so forth.
Depending on your perspective, this place is either Hell on Earth, or a terrific place to spend a Saturday afternoon (I lean more towards the former).  NJ's version of Mall of America, this sprawling beast of hyper-capitalism has every imaginable store, and the hallmark of every contemporary mall- a food court (complete with teriyaki chicken and Sbarro's - also the hallmark of food courts).  Please note: 1) It's hell on earth to get in and out of this place.  The parking lot was clearly designed by someone on drugs, because it's virtually impossible to navigate it without at least one near collision. 2) Like everything else in this God forsaken county, the mall is closed on Sunday's so that, of course, we can sit home and pray (side note: Bergen County-ites, um, get rid of your silly Blue Codes.)
Many view the Garden State Plaza as shopping heaven.  With a wide variety of stores of varying price points, it's easy to understand why.  Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom anchor the mall which, for a lot of people, are" two great tastes together".  The food court has the most options I've seen in a Jersey mall; for you food court foodies, there are more offerings than Menlo, but less than Roosevelt Field.  There's also a Grand Lux (Cheesecake Fattery, I mean Factory's, little sister) here, the only one in NJ, the newly installed Capitale Grille, Pap-Razzi, and Joe's as well as Johnny Rocket's and California Pizza Kitchen.  A hungry shopper's paradise! Unfortunately, with heaven, you gotta have hell and the parking lot and situation are the entire 9 concentric circles of Hell.  Be prepared to drive up and down a myriad of rows; stalk shoppers leaving the mall; and then wait to see if the person IS actually getting out!  Your frustration will be due to the fact that this mall and all of Bergen county is closed on Sunday (yelp.com/biz/bergen-coun…) so everyone will be there on a Friday or Saturday.  I'd love to know how many accidents (cars to cars and cars to pedestrians) occur in this mall between Friday evening to Saturday, closing time.
This mall is amazing!!! One of the best I've been to in Jersey and I've been to my fair share. I swear every store here is bigger and better! Plenty to eat and plenty of shopping to be done. Bring plenty of patience for your parking experience though since it always feels like a Christmas Eve madhouse when trying to maneuver through the lots to fight for a spot. I deducted a star for that reason alone- sometimes it's maddening enough to create some serious road rage.  There has to be a better way to manage the flow of traffic there.
Whenever I tell people, I'm from New Jersey, they ask what town.  When I answer Paramus, they reply, "Oh, I know Paramus.  That's where the Garden State Plaza is." GSP is huge.  It has: Nordstrom's, Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Neiman Marcus, J.C. Penney, H&M, Banana Republic, Gap, J. Crew, Steve Madden, Sephora, Ruehl, Borders, a new multi-theatre movie complex, and more and more and more and more.   For food it has a California Pizza Kitchen (my favorite there), Napa Valley Grille, Cafe Luxe, Legal Seafoods, Ruby Tuesdays, Papa Razzi as well as a Starbucks, Gloria Jean's and a food court.   My biggest complaint is the crowd.  Its often mobbed, and during the holiday season, its madness.  I avoid it at all costs.  I think in 2003 or 2004 they closed the mall when it reached capacity - that was on the news and there were helicopters circling it.   For parking, I'd recommend parking farther away and walking a bit.  As you drive closer to the mall, you sit in more gridlock traffic.  Its not worth it.
Your chance of getting a free parking space is shot to hell anytime after 12pm on a weekend. However, I find there's always spaces far away, past the bus stops, toward West Passaic Street & Paramus Road. In fact, if you can get here via those roads, you'll easily find your way to that area of the parking lot, while also avoiding all the insane drivers roaming around the route 4 and 17 entrances. It's madness most of the time. The movie theater area has become increasingly busy & so crowded that most locals including myself, don't even come here at night anymore. But during the week, when it's not between Thanksgiving & Christmas, the crowds are bearable before 7pm. A smaller mall, Paramus Park, is just down the road & has a lot of the same or similar stores. Unless you have a specific establishment in mind that's only here, I'd like to warn impatient people like myself, this is an intense place to shop where you will get stuck behind slow walkers more than once. And if loads of people don't bother you, then maybe the confusing wrap around layout will. The directory is helpful, almost necessary I would say. I still can't seem to find anything without referring to it at least more than once. Well, have fun shoppers!
A great mall with a huge selection of stores from Gap to Prada. The clientele can be a huge turnoff though. Stick to the high end side which is typically deserted and away from the food court and mall where teenagers will likely trip over you while making out or swearing profusely. You really can find just about every store here though.
Why can't California Westfields be like this one? Not only is the space freaking large but they have some decent stores. Let's not forget about the no sales tax on clothing! Garden State is probably one of the cleanest malls I've ever been to and they offer a nice selection of restaurants scattered around the mall as well as in their food court. Don't forget this mall, along with all other retail shops, are closed on Sundays. The only thing that sucks is the toll we have to pay to come here. Ick.
for everyone who is complaining about the parking, take a bus. The Bergen County Line in New Jersey is quite easy. It is: A. Very cheap by NJ standards B. There are buses going from virtually everywhere in Northern New Jersey. C. You don't need to park (!!!!!) For the actual mall, 4 stars. It is very crowded but I always have some fun. The no sales tax is nice but blue laws are just stupid in a mall this size. Best experience was probably being there at the time of the World Cup watching a game with some folks, eating an empanada and drinking a bubble tea from Teavana nearby.
Gigantic mall, with a decent food court and an array of high end stores. It also has some decent restaurants, Legal Seafoods is one of my favorites. The movie theater brings large crowds on weekends (evenings), i recommend visiting during the day, parking across from the mall in one of the auxiliary parking lots. Avoid all major (& minor) holidays and weekends of holidays.
Traffic is absolutely abysmal and would be the only thing that keeps me from choosing another mall over Garden State Plaza - but other than that, they have absolutely everything!  Varying stores, a diverse food court, restaurants, and an amazing movie theater as well.   Some of the stores are more high-end (think Louis Vuitton, Michael Kors), but then some normal department stores like Macy's as well.  There is something here for everyone and the space is easy to navigate.
This mall has an abundance of store. You can pick up anything and everything you need from Garden State plaza. The only problem is that the parking sucks. Half of the spots are taken up by employees and the other half are ass backwards. They have multiple parking garages that are so unbelievably hard to maneuver, small parking areas with limited spots in front of capital grill and Macy's and distant parking lots across from movies and Niemans. What the hell is with the hand full of spots outside of Niemans and the pizza kitchen. Everyone hates the parking and the blue laws. The mall is just over crowded and ha limited parking. They should start a park and ride tram or monorail from the Ikea parking lot that no one uses. Three start for retail -2 for spending more time in my car looking for a spot.
To preface: I'm not a mall person to begin with, but I did spend some of my youth roaming around GSP. Like most malls, Garden State Plaza has been renovated to point that it looks nothing like I remember it. Trendy stores died off and were replaced with other trendy stores. Only thing that makes it unique is the carousel I recall seeing in a Soprano's episodes, but that's about it. Oh, and the shootings. Yeah, it's worth braving gunfire so you can shop at yet another GAP. Pah! I'll stick with online shopping.
This is a very big mall located in Paramus. It has a lot of stores that i need so it is very convenient. There is also a big food court where you canhave some lunch or dinner.
The highlight of this mall - Johnny Rockets. The downsides of this mall are that it'll take you about 2 hours to circle one level if you're window shopping.  It's huuuuuge and if you don't have your walkin' shoes on, don't worry, there are plenty of stores where you can buy a pair should your dogs start barking.   Filled with quite a few upscale stores like Neiman Marcus, Louis Vutton, Club Monaco to name a few, I feel like it somewhat classes with some of the more "average" stores.  But it's nice to have it in the area as the only other mall that I know that is more for the upscale shopper is Short Hills Mall located about 30-40 minutes away. I like the fact that because the mall is so big, there are a lot more stores that you may not find at say, Willowbrook Mall in Wayne, which makes going to GSP a worthwhile trip.  But a bigger mall means bigger stores, which means - you betcha - MORE PEOPLE.  Especially on a Saturday as Bergen county Blue Law prevents them from being open on Sunday. Really, no matter what day you go, the mall is relatively busy.  However, the times that I have had the most luck in finding a relatively close parking spot in the garage/lot is early morning on Saturday or during the day on a weekday.  Weeknights CAN get a little busy. And don't forget, Best Buy, IKEA, DSW, and The Christmas Tree Shoppes are all located around the mall, so you can kill a bunch of birds with one stone.  Isn't Jersey great?!
This was my go-to mall in undergrad, especially when searching for formal or dress attire.  I hadn't been in at least 6 years, until today. Did the parking get worse???? It sucked before, but I went on a Wednesday afternoon and the parking still sucked.  What the EFF!!! There was so many people in this mall for a weekday. IF this is normal weekday parking, I will NEVER visit on a weekend.   This place seemed a lot cooler when I was in college but now its just too much for me.  This labyrinth-like facility is just tiring.  I was so annoyed with walking around this maze that by the time I reached any store I wanted to browse, I was too tired to shop.  However the mall is very clean. THE FOOD COURT - It was big but lacked, although they do have Italian,  Japanese, Chinese, and Thai. Micro-salads for 7 bucks and up. The sushi place (which is more of a kiosk than store) microwaves their ingredients if you are getting a cooked roll.  The Japanese place is just disorderly.  They made the wrong order and I had to wait twice the amount of time for my food.  Be smart and go for the safe bets : Nathan's and KFC. (Or dine in at California Pizza Kitchen located somewhere far from the food court) It has everything from Payless to Neimen Marcus.  You will most likely find whatever you need here.  I don't have the patience for this place too often.  I was dress shopping and left with nothing but lipstick from Sephora and a list of other clothes I would come back to buy that I don't need.  They do have really great shoes in the shops throughout the mall and in the department stores (esp Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom) **Tip - Hold on tight to your wallet or expect it to be close to empty when you leave.
Neiman Marcus + Nordstrom = Heaven on Earth. This mall is really, really HUGE and can be a bit overwhelming, but if you have a game plan, love to shop AND people watch - this is the place for you.
Largest mall in NJ and top 5 biggest malls in America. Route 17 is the NJ mecca of mall shopping! Blue laws is still in effect in Bergen County therefore all shopping retailers are closed on Sundays.
GSP is a nice orderly mall that I have watched grow over time. My favorite stores are the Apple Store (Knowledgeable & good Svc) and The Invite Health store (Good health advise & quality products). Jersey has the most shopping malls in one area in the world, with seven major shopping malls with in a 25 square mile radius. Most people in New Jersey live within 30 minutes of at least three different malls.
Grand Lux Cafe is the best! The food was great (very big portions) and the service was excellent. Ask for Samantha Diaz, she was fantastic helping us with the menu..
This mall is awesome. It has got everything! Consequently, I live far from here and I do have to pay toll but I do stop by whenever I'm in New Jersey. The mall itself is huge. I will go back when I get the chance!
Dear GSP, I've watched you grow from a baby to a mondo mall. I miss you. Anyway whenever I visit home I always seem to be drawn back to this mall.  You can never get bored at this place, but stay away on Saturday, everyone from the tri state area shops on Saturdays and the traffic is attrocious.  If coming from NYC, bus it, it's got convenient public transportation. Tons of places to eat and a brand new (expensive) movie theatre.
Wow, this place is huge and a lot of fun! I came here this weekend for the first time since I was a little kid, and back then it was boring. Now it's amazing. There were so many stores that my sister and I love, all together in the same place: Sephora, Francesca's, Tiffany and Co., Lush, Anthropologie, and so on and so forth. Dangerous though, I spent WAY too much money. Parking was crowded, buy my sister and I weren't ambitious and had no problem getting parking in a lot across the street from the store front parking.
At over 2.1 million square feet of retail space, this mall is HUGE and has a wide variety of stores. From mid-range retailers to super high end boutiques, this mall has it all. They have pretty good food options for when you get hungry including Legal Sea Foods, California Pizza Kitchen and Capital Grille, as well as your typical mall food court options. The AMC movie theatre is a great place to catch a movie, very comfortable. You definitely won't run out of things to do here. Traffic in Paramus is horrible, but I guess that's to be expected considering what a huge shopping destination it is. Parking at the mall can be a nightmare. For the best experience I highly recommend going on a weekday to just avoid a lot of that mess.
Yes this mall has about every chain store you can imagine. But I agree with all the complaints mentioned. The only time I go here is if I need to and it's before 11:00am. Otherwise it's unbearable. I wouldn't reccomend attempting this mall after Thanksgiving unless you want to give yourself an ulcer. It seems to attract the lowest common denominator despite having a lot of expensive stores. They recently added a 20-screen movie theater to the mall and although it has added to the traffic problem, it was built over the entrance where the mall rats used to hang out and I don't see many of them anymore. So that's one good thing.
How can you rate this mall anything less than stellar? It literally has one of EVERYTHING and in some cases two, there is something for everyone here. The mall runs the gamut in retailers housing almost 350 stores and real meal-worthy restaurants including Capital Grille and Napa Valley Grill. It's absolutely absurd how much expansion has taken place in the last decade and how the shopping culture has changed. I remember a time when Neiman Marcus was the most expensive store in the mall, but now their departmental outfitters Louis Vuitton, Herve Leger, and Gucci all have storefronts of their own. Being a state with no clothing tax regardless the price-tag, there is an all new draw from NYC which can make Saturdays in this place more like a zoo than anything [if you're a visitor to our parts you'll want to note that Blue Laws restrict the operation of anything but food and liquor selling related on Sundays]. The addition of the AMC Lowes/Borders/Forever 21 has wreaked even more havoc on traffic patterns than ever before. The traffic situation as a whole is ridiculous and needs to be worked out in a better fashion because people drive like jerks and the cross walk from the parking lot across from JC Penney is an endless sea of pedestrians causing an even bigger traffic jam in its' wake. If you can tolerate some congestion and have a sense of humor in laughing at some of the over-the-top Jersey Girls, then this is your ultimate North Jersey shopping destination.
Garden State Plaza holds a special place in my heart.  Not only did I meet my first boyfriend here... I do all my best SHOPPING here!  It's literally my "standard" of a good mall and I don't care what anyone else says about it!!!  Even though I've lived in New York City for 10 years now, I still come back to GSP to do all my marathon shopping.  Shop at your favorite stores and never worry about the weather?  I'm in!  I guess that what makes me a true jersey girl at heart.
We came on a Saturday and it was extremely busy. I didn't know that they were closed on Sundays, so the crowds make total sense. They are doing construction on the parking decks so there's a lot of parking lot traffic. There is a lot of parking but you would have to trek your way back to the mall.  The mall has a ton of stores ranging from low end to high end. There really is something here for everybody.  We took our time here and walked around the ENTIRE mall. The food court is fairly small compared to how large the rest of the mall is.  They have the standard mall food and a Chipotle which I found random but awesome at the same time.  For me it was a combination of the 2 malls that I frequent the most, Roosevelt Field and Queens Center.  It was a nice trip and I would totally go back.
Yes, this mall is huge, and annoying to get to. Apparently it is also sinking? Anyway. It's nothing special, yes it has all the usual chains and the movie theater and all that, but it's all the same stuff you find at most malls in long island and jersey. Except this one is much bigger!
Closed on sunday except the restraunts and movie place are open. Great selection of stores. Always some kind of promo going on.
Everyone in bergen county knows this mall. The stores sometimes change and sure they put in a movie theatre, but its still a jersey mall. Some unsavory types can be found hanging out at night, "especially weekends," but I like coming here during the day to get some shopping done, or kill time.
The first mall I've been in where I've been impressed. The carousel is just a starter, but I loved how the stores had huge signs, if just made it feel that much more of an experience then just a shopping trip. If I lived closer I'd come here all the time. Not to mention the tons of frozen yogurt places.
Impressive. Probably one of the nicer ones in NJ. I'm not a shopping fan really but this mall had a lot of different kinds of stores and it sure beat the willow brook mall
A mall that is way too crowded for it's own good.  It's too bad, especially since it has fun destinations like the Sanrio store and the Vans store.
Parking here SUCKS.  Don't go.
Good mall! This mall has something for everyone! Pros: It has my fav dept. stores Neiman Marcus, and Nordstrom! They also have Ruehl, A&F, Ann Taylor, Louis Vuitton, H&M, Lucky Brand, J. Crew, Gap, Old Navy, Champs, Coach, Aeropostale, Oakley, and more! Coming soon! WHO A.U, True Religion, Basin, Lululemon Athletica, Gilly Hicks, and American Apparel. Great Borders, AMC, PAPA RAZZI, Grand Lux Cafe, and overall stores. I loooove the Urban Outfitters! It's pretty big, has good service, and overall just awesome! Cons: The Hollister is begen county trash. It's always a mess! They screwed up the store! Ghettos shop there! and It seems like the bait for the "popular" kids. Though they have HCO Sessions, i hate the hco! The Juicy Couture store is a blow because its sooo big, but has NO men's clothes. Why? Parking is a MESS! Espesially on weekends! Though there are some spots in a "secret" lot behind NM. Overall, I like this mall!
What a HUGE shopping mall and one of my absolute favorites! I came here twice on Black Friday and the place was packed both times. It has almost 300 stores comprising of 2 floors. As predicted, they carry everyone's favorite stores, such as, Hollister, Express, A/X, Guess, AE, etc. In addition, they have a small food court, which is a tad disappointing considering how big the mall is. Also, there is a Jamba Juice inside for those who need a fruit energy boost while shopping. Like I said, it's one of my favorite malls, I've never had a problem with my shopping experiences here.
The stores are great and has a wide variety, also has a few nice restaurants as well as a movie theater. But it ends here. The parking here is ridiculous, you have to have the patience of a saint to keep your cool trying to find parking here. The layout of the mall is also a big awkward.
Mall is always crowded but always has what I'm looking for. Avoid coming here on holidays & weekends and you'll be in and out (hopefully).
Since they are repairing mall to add additional stores and parking lots.  The traffic around the mall is atrocious.  If you don't get here by 11am, be prepared for a long walk from the outskirts just to get a spot to park. The mall is overcrowded on weekends and lots a lot of thugs and robberies in the parking lots. Where are the mall security? I won't be coming until these issues are fixed.
Easy to get lost once your inside, i found a parking spot 100 feet away from the entrance of L&T. They have a lot of stores here, and lots and lots of very young people with facial piercings. Typical deals and steals to be found such as in any mall. I'm still pretty impressed by my parking spot. i drove right up this mall and parked while everyone else did the routine of wandering.
This mall is huge and filled with yuppies on the North side, where all the yuppy stores are, but the rest of the mall has all the regular affordable stores you might expect ,a movie theater, and a decent food court. Some of the specialty food items are way over-priced... Yolato comes to mind, since their River Edge store charges less for the same products, although I think this store may have closed.   Jamba Juice is good, but there's always a huge line. My favorite store in this mall is Amanzi Tea. Now here's my beef with the management at this mall: They have a total of 2 regular wheelchairs and 2 electronic wheelchairs available to customers at this mall. I came here with my grandmother to go Christmas shopping on a weekday morning in November and all of the chairs were in use. The guy at the help desk basically just shrugged and rudely asked what I'd like him to do about it. I told him that I thought it was crazy that such a huge mall only has 4 wheelchairs when other local shopping centers that are half the size have waaaay more! Ikea, for one, has something like 20 chairs! When I told the guy about Ikea he said "Well if we got 20 chairs, someone would come in the next day asking for 21 so it would never be enough anyway." I got his managers phone number and called. They didn't really have much to say about the issue except to give me a sugar-coated "too bad." Get some more wheelchairs, guys, and teach your employees some manners, and then maybe you'll get another star.
Okay, but only has regular chains. Crowded on weekends, but there's a bus from Manhattan. Not special.
I live in New York and only go to this mall in Jersey when I am in need of a store we don't have. First off, this mall is overly packed ALL THE TIME. It's going to take you at least 15-40 minutes of trying to find a parking. All of the stores are incredibly spaced out, not enough esculators to go downstairs. No convenient mall map's nearby, no convenient bathrooms nearby, nothing. The food court is packed as well, you're going to have to wait atleast 20 minutes for a table to eat.  Overall, I do like the stores. Try checking out Palisades Mall in Rockland County, NY. 10x better.
Pros - Great mall Cons - Out of state "folk" who fill the parking lots and cause about every other problem the mall has. Look at the reviews; nearly every out of state resident has an issue with the Garden State mall. We are the most densely populated state in the US!!!! Of course you are going to hit traffic and find trouble parking!!!!! If the garden state mall and its parking is to "overwhelming" for you ,shop in your own state at your own mall!
This place is my local home mall, being that its only a few blocks away from my house.  The Garden state plaza has all the usual places (hot topic, nordstroms, macys, neiman marcus, williams sonoma, metropark, lord and taylor, godiva, etc etc) , nice food court and some higher end restaurants like cali pizza kitchen, grand luxe cafe).  This mall can get very busy and crowded with all the City people flocking to it to escape sales tax on clothes....and the place has a very hurried and sometimes frantic vibe to it and much of my family and friends actually fear this mall....but if I need something from a mall its still my first choice.  Its a good way to kill some time too.
Its a mall, so you know parking may be an issue and it may be crowded.   You can take a bus here. You came to shop and let me tell you, if you don't find it in this mall, they don't make it or its one of those crazy sold out items like Tickle Me Elmo.  This mall is the Mecca for shoppers, as there is every store here for every size, young and old, for those who spend on themselves and those who are cheap - you can find it here.
I been to this mall a few times and they have A LOT of great stores together in one location. Check their website for a store directory. There are big department stores like Nordstorm (by the way their bathroom is REALLY nice). If you're getting bigger items, such as LV it's a tad bit cheaper versus NYC due to the sales tax. All and all, I always end up buying something every time I'm here. It's a pretty nice mall.
my most favorite mall in the area. Too bad there's too many little kids/teens walking around thinking they are grown. Sucks they are closed on Sundays (Damn you Bergen County)
This a pretty nice mall. I was meeting up with a friend here to see a movie at the AMC inside the mall. My friend was running late so I decided to shop a little. It's a big mall. Many variety of stores. They have a store for every budget. It's very clean and nice inside. It has a lot to offer. There's an AMC movie theater and food court with many different types of food to eat.
My favorite NJ MALL. I get lost everytime I go in the place. Huge selections. You can get just about everything here. Designer to cheap crap to midline crap. AHH CONSUMERISM.....  I know you well. I always seem to walk away with an item of some kind when I goto this mall. And I'm usually pretty happy with it. Check out the Lacoste store and the Tommy among the numerous others. The food court is decent as well and there is a good restarant selection. I encourage you to hit the chick fil a while your in the area! OH and shop till you die!
Great mall but deducting a star for parking.  Parking always sucks and I usually only go during the week when it isn't crowded.  Otherwise, they have everything you need.
Awesome fashion retailers, decent restaurant options, and cinema entertainment;  all in one place.
Good shopping mall for men... i usually find something & get out, pretty busy, but who is going to the mall to hang out? ...Get in & Out.
This is a nice mall with a lot of different stores... and it gets crowded with a lot of problem finding a parking space.   They are trying to do something about it as  they recently installed the electronic sensors for the parking space for the indoor parking - to show # of empty parking spaces and "green / red" light near the parking spot to show quickly the available space.   It helps a bit but they just need more parking spaces.
So many stores, my mind was absolutely blown the first time I went there. I didn't know malls could be so big! I was used to Willow brook Mall in Wayne, NJ. which is much, much smaller. This Mall is great if you can deal with the parking and and trying to avoid bouncing off people in the crowded walkways. It's very easy to get lost in this mall it is so massively huge. I'm not good at navigating malls to begin with, but It's worth braving the annoyance for the ginormous selection of stores.
This was my first visit to this mall and I really liked it!  It is totally different from the more open, larger-feeling Palisades Mall in NY because it has several long branches that have narrower walkways, more like most malls in America.  There were so many stores and several delicious food options: Grand Lux Cafe (Cheesecake Factory's supposedly fancier offspring), Napa Valley Grille, Flirrt Sushi and many others. The Garden State didn't feel as "fancy" as the Westchester in White Plains, but that made it all the more fun.  If you include a movie at the attached theatre, dinner and shopping, you could easily spend several hours here.
Great Mall -- lots of stores, but could get very busy.  Your best bet is to go super early during the week if you can or later at night.
miss this mall...it was always known as my Cathedral...my one stop shopping center every christmas when I lived in jersey
Tommy and Christine are awesome. Recently we received a gift that was engraved with an incorrect spelling of my name, originally I thought we were going to have to junk it because there'd be no way to repair it and since we didn't buy it we didn't have a receipt. Anyways when we explained our situation they gladly gave us a new clock/picture frame and engraved it according to our specs. We were so happy with how pleasant our experience was there.
The largest retail center in one of the richest counties in the United States. It has a recently added AMC theater. A great place to spend on a boring or rainy day. Large selection of food choices in the food court. It gets VERY crowded during the holidays.
The store it self is huge and nice, A lot of high end stores can be a bit tiring going through all the stores... Make sure you have a plan of attack other wise you will be walking around and will be tired really fast... Other than that the parking can be a head ache if you come on the weekend...
One of my favorite malls in New Jersey. It is huge and has many stores, from low end to high end. They also have department stores, a movie theatre, and a bunch of restaurants. It is very easy to spend a whole day in here! I love the Forever 21- it has THREE FLOORS! Also, the waiting areas throughout the malls have outlets to charge your laptop or phones and there is also free wifi throughout the mall!
I enjoyed coming to this mall my first time, but I don't really like it. It's really big and easy to get lost in. Also, it was hard to find all of my stores through all of the different areas. There is a mix of upscale and casual retailers here. The food court is also very big and has a good selection; my favorite being the crepery. However, the bathrooms here are horrible!
Yes, it has every store in the world, and the movie theater is lovely. But just getting in and out of the parking lot is enough to give even a seasoned Jersey driver a burst blood vessel. God help you if you actually want to park. The only time I go near the place is to drop my teenager off and pick him up. He doesn't mind walking miles between stores. I don't shop there myself, though. It's just not worth the aggravation.
My go-to place for anything I might need, but ONLY during weekdays. I dare not brave the parking lots during the week ends. It's better to just have someone drop you off, do your shopping and browsing, and have them pick you up again. That way you can circumvent the parking problem entirely.
Garden State Plaza is the second largest mall in the U.S. and the busiest mall in the Northeast.  Even with that, it has the BEST selection of department stores (Macy's, Lord & Taylor, Nordstrom, etc) and excellent array of smaller chain retailers and boutiques.  There's a fantastic selection of Eateries to satisfy every budget and appetite - and after strolling around in the mallgfor hours who doesn't need to eat? Great AMC movie theater and a Best Buy across from the mall - as well as a DSW Shoe store as well.  It keeps growing and growing as they add more stores and parking but nevertheless it serves as the best shopping experience on the East Coast.  It is ALWAYS crowded especially on Saturday (because on Sunday the Stores NOT the Restaurants are closed) and parking is definitely a challenge to say the least - especially on Saturday.   During the holiday season it is absolutely INSANE - BUT even with that it is the best of the best.  Skip the other malls and come here.  You'll find all you need in one place!
