I just stopped by the nicest Irish Gift store and was welcomed by Mary-Anne the owner and her Mom...what nice people...I called them earlier in the week and inquired about XXL irish sweaters the told me they had them in a few colors and that they wouldtput some aside for me , this was great because I would be coming from NJ ....The sweater that I purchased was the real deal from Ireland....Nice People. ..Nice Things..will definitely stop by again...Thanks Mary-Anne
Delightful store with an amazing selection of Irish / celtic  clothes, caps, sweaters and caps and shawls. More recently they have branched out to childrens clothing too. These items are awesome quality and are worth every penny - they don't come cheap but they're NOT overly priced. The used to have an amazing collection of unique celtic art in the basement - not sure if it is still there, but it was outstanding......some beautiful pieces. Apart from that, a more 'traditional' range of Irish gitfwares are available - I personally would like to see more modern stuff in this range, but it seems to be working well for them. The store is run by a family -  all of whom are very friendly, helpful and not pushy. I highly recommend.
I love this place...well, actually, my mom loves this place, and can't resist but yelp about it, 'cause I often get great birthday presents from here.  This is a true work of art, a store that sells all the cool things from Ireland you'd love to have. There are fishermen sweaters in all sorts of styles, plates, jewelry...The service is fantastic, and they really want you to be happy with the purchase.
Great shop! Has alot more than Irish stuff. The owner, Mary Anne, is the greatest. She and her Mom care for the store but care about you more. We went in looking specifically for a gift of Irish heritage and walked out with two other gifts!  Mary Anne even custom etches names, dates, whatever you want in glass gifts!  Her work is beautiful. So if you are looking for that special gift or any gift and you don't know what you want, go see MaryAnne because she knows what you want! You leave there happier than when u walked in.  Also there's a great Irish pub right next door.  We will go back soon for both!!
This is my very first review on yelp and I am proud that it is for Mary Anne's Irish Gift Shop. There aren't enough words to describe my love for this shop. I just got married - my husband is Irish and I am Dominican - and we were looking for some authentic Irish pieces to incorporate into our wedding in the Dominican Republic. Although I grew up in Riverdale and knew of this shop, I figured I'd be able to find what we needed locally in NJ (we live in Hoboken). I was so wrong. Finally, a week before leaving for our destination wedding, we made the trip to Mary Anne's. Best decision ever. We found EVERYTHING we needed in this shop. Our beautiful pewter flutes, pewter cake knife, gifts for the moms, dads, flower girl, groomsmen, etc. It was truly unbelievable. Mary Anne herself, and her mother, were so attentive and helpful while we were in a frantic hurry. Mary Anne engraved everything beautifully at no additional cost and right there while we shopped. The best part about shopping here, is that you are receiving truly authentic, top quality Irish pieces at great prices... not some over priced cheap replica that is made in China. Additionally, you know you are supporting a wonderful family and their small business. Irish or not, there are gifts in this shop that everyone will love. Everything from clothing to paintings to pottery... it's all here, and I can't wait to go back again, and again. This shop embodies what thoughtful gifts are all about. Riverdale is a beautiful neighborhood that I am proud to be from and this shop has given me a reason to continue to visit. From the bar right next door to the shop to the great neighborhood restaurants right on Riverdale Ave, you can easily make a nice trip out of this visit... but it is definitely worth the trip no matter where you live!
