This Macy's doesn't have any of the options that a bigger Macy's have.  But overall it is very cluttered and not very shopper friendly.  If you need to just grab something its ok.
*****FOR THE FINISHLINE DEPARTMENT***** Finish line department was unattended upon my arrival and after 15 minutes of waiting finally after wondering the small department I had to ask someone else for help in which they had to radio in someone (because they had this one person working two departments) to help me. Soon the employee arrived but was still not able to help me with my request, because they couldn't "Find" my item in their stock system the representative really did try to help but was not able to compleat my request after apologizing (which seemed like a very honest apology) and recommending me the Fordham store I left.
I have to say that although parking in the area is a nightmare, I find the staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful, as opposed to the Cross County location, which has offered to me, many bouts of frustration. I accompanied a friend shopping for a gift for her significant other and the gentleman that assisted us was very helpful and took his time.  We did not feel rushed and he gave his genuine opinion and suggestions. It was refreshing, to say the least.
I love Macys!!! This one did change for the better but they need more in the store....I can find somethings that I need here and I'm glad because I live need by. Sale days come early and you will get what you want.
Honestly, this should NOT even be considered a Macy's. The decor dates back to the late 70's, early 80's and the selection is terrible. The sales associates are no where to be found and when you do find them to ring you up, they are super slow. It is seriously a last resort.
Alright. If you're big and fat, don't go here. Don't waste your time here. Ladies, they have a decent selection of clothing. Like I said, the selection is good if you're slim and fit. Unless you're carrying a discount card, the prices are ALWAYS at normal price. If you want to spend a shyt ton of money, this is the place.
I am seriously jus in love with this macys O__O I live like 2 streets away and have always done my shopping here ^.^ its very huge and you'll find whatever u need from shoes (almost all brands) to great clothes (polo, levi, Calvin, etc) jus a perfect place to shop especially on Christmas ^.^ the decorations jus add such a warm feeling and the music jus finishes it off :3
Nothing to see here, folks. Just a big fancy name (MACY'S) but as others have mentioned, the selection of product is limited, the staff MIA and prices too high for the quality offered.
The clothing selection is absolutely terrible and the store is laid out poorly (the men's restroom is on one side and the women's is on the complete opposite end), but in my experience the staff members were friendly and helpful.
Expect attitudes from any female employee over 40.......#bitter
the sales people here are ghetto and do not know their own store. don't waste your time going here. Save your aggravation by shopping online. ask two women about their Martha Stewart pillows and they looked at me as if I was from outter space. the sad part is that the display was right behind me. one asked. "who is Martha Stewart?" I walked out of the store, no time for THAT!!
This is the worst Macy's I've even been in.  It's tiny and they have nothing.
It's the centerpiece of the Parkchester shopping area.  Very clean and with the service you would expect at a Macy's.  This is my favorite part of the Bronx.
Cheap-Enxpvinze Store. Been there over 5 times and my mother tells me to check the price.
This will be my review on the MAC station. I LOVE LOVE LOVE MAC. I always go to MAC to get my makeup done for special occasions. The make up artist take there time and listen to what you want. The minimum for make up is buying $50 worth of MAC products.  The make up last all night and I've never had a bad reaction to it. I just recently bought ruby woo, love it. The artist use clean utensils to put on the make up and they are always sanitizing there hands, cleanliness is a must.
Well their summer clothes were horrible and it was such a mess before! However, now that winter is approaching they brought out better clothes and cute coats to wear fashionably for winter. I am honestly, very pleased that they have improved and brought other brands into Macys! I am so going shopping here now :) Happy shopping!
terrible store, this isn't even about the clothing or sales. i went for an interview and i waited for nearly two hours. it was so ridiculous i had to leave!! i didn't even want to be a part of the staff there at that point. go to 34th street herald square for your shopping needs.
