There is a Gateway Center in Brooklyn, ENY. Similar stores, Im assuming owned by the same builders or whatever you call them. Brooklyn is way better and I'm not being patriotic. They should've built an actual indoor mall like location in place of this since the bronx doesnt have one. This was poorly constructed and a waste of parking lot space. Its always empty and people usually park on the street when its a little later. The layout really does suck. And i feel like some of the smaller stores close too early. But I guess they arent getting business. 2 stars but I'll add another because I actually like the stores inside.
This place blows and is an embarrassment to the borough. You can't seriously tell us you're giving us economic growth when all you give us are crappy malls with crappy chain stores and crappy chain restaurants. Minimum wage jobs and Black Friday madness are not ways to help communities thrive. They're temporary solutions to a larger problem. The Gateway Center promised us jobs, shopping, and a place to socialize. Instead, we got a giant parking lot decorated with a Target, a BJs, and a few other stores obviously owned by the TJX company, all coming to a low-end mall complex near you. First of all, this place is nearly impossible to navigate. Escalators lead you to random floors and stores are separated from each other by the massive parking structure. Now, tell me, why would you put a massive parking lot in the South Bronx?! Barely anyone drives around here! You should have focused on BUS accessibility. The Bx13 should not have to let people off in the snake pit of taxi guys. Aside from the abysmal aesthetic of the mall, the stores are downright awful. The Target's shelves were bare. The Burlington Coat Factory didn't even have any jackets. The Marshall's line was ridiculous. I don't think the Michael's is even there anymore (if anyone could tell me I'd appreciate it). I'm getting really disgusted with the Bronx' politicians telling us that growth and development are these crappy box stores. If this is what they want to do with the Kingsbridge Armory, give me a first class ticket out of here, please.
Pathetic excuse for a mall, but I guess its not really a mall. I like the fact that they have a lot of different stores that people around the area need. Target, BJs, and Bed Bath are definitely nice to have around this otherwise desolate neighborhood. But this complex was designed for the basic necessities in shopping. There isn't a food court, and a lot of the smaller chains like conway and rainbow are already out of business because target and BJs occupy most people's attention when they get here. I don't like the fact that you have to walk across a parking lot to get to the other side of the center. It's dangerous for kids who are running around, not to mention there are crazy livery cabs rampaging all over the place. This place get way too packed on the weekends, especially by BJs, but its because of how its built, it doesn't give people enough space to chill out and there is absolutely no sitting space for those who've travelled a long way to shop and want to take a breather before they go back. There are also tons of stray shopping carts. I do like the view of the Harlem River from the center, and they built a cute park/tennis courts right near this place. But they have ton's of space near the bronx terminal market to make it into a full functioning mall with places to sit, and a food court for people to hang out, it would be nice to see more smaller stores too, and cafes and healthier options for food.
The best thing about the Gateway Center is that it is open 24 hours, 7 days a week (according to their website) and they have pretty much every staple store you need for your house (home improvement, grocery, electronics, etc.). They also have a taxi service for people who don't have a car and have too much stuff to carry on the train or the bus. After that, it all goes downhill. As another reviewer put it, this is New York City. Major shopping centers should be designed with accessibility and ease of use as the first thing that comes to mind. While this place is pretty well located- you can take the subway (2,4,5, B or D trains), the bus (BX1 or BX19) or even the Metro North (Hudson line)- you're going to still have to walk a bit to get there, which I can imagine is very hard if you are laden with shopping bags/carts or small children. Many people there usually are. And once you arrive? It's a nightmare to figure out how to get anywhere. Unlike more suburban malls designed with the mall itself as the epicenter and the parking lots and garages circling it, the Gateway Center is designed so that the parking garage is right in the middle (who drives in this city??) and you have to cross through it to get to stores that you want to visit. Sure, there's a Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy and Home Depot (my staples) plus Marshall's, BJ's, Raymour & Flanagan and Toys R Us, but unless you spend time beforehand planning out how you're going to maneuver your way around all of them, you're shit out of luck., because some of the stores don't let you bring their shopping carts around with you. I bought a CARTFUL of stuff at BB&B, only to have them tell me I couldn't bring the shopping cart around the mall with me. It was too much to carry, even for two people, so I had to stay with everything while my boyfriend ran to Target on the other side of the garage to get one of THEIR carts, which we then reloaded with my stuff and walked back to Target with to continue shopping. So incredibly inconvenient. What they should do is have shopping carts that belong to the mall, not the individual stores, keep them in a central location on each level, and let people walk around with them to do their shopping. But whatever. Also, there's a serious lack of food options- that is, unless you're OK with Applebee's. I personally can't think of anything more depressing than an Applebee's with a view of a parking garage located in the middle of a mall filled with home improvement stores. Maybe that's just me, though. In the end, it's OK for a one-stop shopping trip if you know what you need, how to get to the stores that sell what you need and either don't need a lot or have your own car in which to store your stuff from one store while you shop in another. Anything else is just way too much work for a place that should be designed with convenience in mind.
I visited the Gateway Center today only to drop off an application at BedBath&Beyond, so I really didn't get a full look around at the whole Center. However from what I've seen so far, it's a nice Center. It's clean [for now] and the environment looks nice. It's only about 3 blocks away from the train station[2,4,5] which is convenient. I can walk to GunHill Road train station in 5 minutes, and be at the Gateway Center in about 30 minutes. I love this!!! The elevators are big(can fit probably 7-8 carts). I agree that the layout of the floors could have been better, but other than that, there aren't any other major flaws I see. The Pros definitely outweighs the Cons here... By the way, the areas near the elevators stinks....and i think the parking lots I passed do too, but I don't have a car, so I haven't really gone throughout all the parking lots. The smell isn't horrible, just a noticeable minor flaw. One suggestion I have is an outside sitting area with scenery on the 6th level or some kind of resting spot so that they can add some visual appeal to the place. Although, the stores they have there already are very appealing. Hope it don't end up like Manhattan Mall[a.k.a catastrophe].
An ABOBINATION to HUMANITY. Been to Malls in Paris, Madrid, Virginia, and other places around the World and this by far is the MOST HORRIFIC MALL ever built. It Looks more Like  Jail, it is anti-Human.  No Food Court sends a sign..."SHOP, GIVE US YOUR MONEY, & Leave.    Developers & Designers showed NO COMPASSION, or RESPECT to the People who shop at this Mall.  It is an atrocity to humanity.  I rather take my Cash somewhere else where it is appreciated.  NO Chairs, NO shopping Carts and to top it off you have to PAY TO PARK & SHOP.  Please...only desperation will get me to shop at this Psuedo Facist Mall.
EXTREMELY awkward design. It is NOT a typical mall. There are a few nice stores BUT you have to drive to each one. If you want to exit the "mall," good luck. It'll take you at least 15 mins to figure out how to.
This getaway center is very convenience to buy, the bronx really needed a place like this. Beside it generated jobs and provide certain services such BJ's wholesale which one help the community to save money. The only thing and that is why I do not gave 5 starts is the cab services it is a mess.
What? There's a new mall within the five boroughs that's been open for five months and I'm the first person to review it on Yelp? If the Gateway Center was in Brooklyn, it would have 50 reviews by now! I know Yelp is heavily biased toward Manhattan and Brooklyn, but this is just silly. That said, I live in the Bronx, and I made my first trip to the Gateway Center myself just this week, out of Christmas shopping necessities. It sure is a queer place! Like every shopping mall, all the stores face in to a common area. Unlike other shopping malls, this common area is a parking garage. Srsly. The odd numbered floors are on the north side of the mall, the even numbered floors are on the south side of the mall, and if you want to walk from Target on floor 5, to Best Buy on floor 6, you have to walk through the parking garage and up concrete stairs to get there. Totally weird.  This is New York City.  People use subways and buses, not cars.  So the parking garage is mostly empty.  Whoever designed this place is a stranger to the city.  You won't be lingering around the Gateway Center because it's not an appealing pedestrian environment. It makes you want to buy what you came to buy, and go home. The parking garage common area is the only reason I've removed a star. Otherwise, this place is great! It's only a few blocks from the 149th St - Grand Concourse stop on the 2, 4 and 5 subway lines. Yes, it's the South Bronx, but don't be scared. You will be walking through the campus of Hostos Community College, and a heavily car trafficked area. I didn't see a sketchy person in sight. The Target is simply amazing. It's huge and has a full supermarket inside. It's very well stocked, unlike the Targets at Atlantic Center and Marble Hill, which always seem to be picked over. I didn't visit all of the shops, but for sake of convenience, here's a list: The Home Depot, Staples, Toys R Us / Babies R Us, Raymour & Flanagan, Marshall's, Bed Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, BJ's Wholesale Club.
You'll find a giant center like this in pretty much any major city you visit.  This design is exactly like Dadeland Station in Miami or SoDo Complex in Orlando.  They pretty much take up a huge amount of space to fit in cookie-cutter chain stores like Target and Best Buy, rack up the huge parking levels, and the rest is up to you.  It's large and impersonal. It's also confusing because on one side you go up the escalator and skip every other floor.  This is because the odd numbered floors are on one side of the complex while even number floors are on the other.  Very poor design.
I was so happy to hear that this center was opening in our neighborhood.  The fact that there was a Target and a BB&B was a plus.  No more trekking all the way to Manhattan but... I agree with others regarding some things.   First, even though I don't have a car, I don't like the idea of paying to shop.  That is, paying to park.  I believe its unfair and so do all the other people causing a traffic jam outside the mall trying to find a free parking space.  Chances are if I am coming to a shopping center, I am going to spend money so why discourage me with parking fees/charges.  If that doesn't discourage you, maybe the 15 gypsy/illegal cabbies that stalk you at the entrance while you are walking INTO the place will.  Some people like the idea that they don't have to go searching for a taxi but I don't feel safe when I walk out of this place with two shopping bags and all kinds of characters yell TAXI! TAXI!  One time I made of the mistake of taking one of the "taxis".  The person who helped me to the car was not the "taxi" driver himself but asked for a tip for helping me my bags.  (I hate people who specifically ask for any kind of tip).  Then I had to sit in the front seat and I just didn't feel right.  Maybe I should have known better so never again. Second is the layout.  It is damn awful.  The escalators are at opposite ends of the shopping area but they run in even or odd numbers.  So one escalator goes only to the 2nd, 4th and 6th floors and the other escalator goes to 1st, 3rd and 5th floors.  Oh, they have stairs alright but who wants to take the freakin stairs when you already have 10 shopping bags with you?  Oh, they have elevators too but it feels like I have a better chance with the second coming of Jesus.  For example, I like to go to Bed Bath & Beyond (on the 6th floor) and then make Target my last stop (the 5th floor) but I can't just hop on the escalator to the next floor over.  I have to either wait for the elevators that never arrive (and when they do, they have 6 baby carriages and 4 shopping carts in there already leaving no room for me) or walk to the opposite end of the floor and walk down the stairs.  The layout just does not flow for easy shopping. Third, I went to their website and I had to laugh because it said shop and DINE.  DINE?!?  Let's see, there is the Pizza Hut in Target.  Go there when you are only starving because only then you won't care about the atrocious attitude of the employees who work there.  Plus a pizza is always a ten minute wait so maybe you are better off at the Subway, stuck all the way down in the lowest level and darkest corner of the shopping center.  I only been there once and I found it was too inconvenient to go there again.  Then there is always Applebee's.  [Insert deep heavy sigh here].  I do come here every now and then but I have to be in a great mood to put up with the attitude, people trying to park their shopping carts IN the restaurant and out-of-control kids running around.  Recently, I just don't bother.  I eat before I come here or pick up something on the way home.  They need to have more food options here like at other malls, like a CINNABON, McDonalds or Popeyes.  I won't even dream of a real restaurant. All that being said, I am grateful that something is in the Bronx and that is an accessible 20-minute walk from where I live if need be.  I am glad that the people of the Bronx have some kind of shopping center to go to.  Believe me, I would cry if they knocked it down tomorrow but then I would remember all the things I listed above as I go trekking back to Manhattan
Who the heck thought of the layout of this place??! There should be no reason why I should have to trek through the parking lot to reach a store on the other side! This is the dumbest layout ever. Such a poor use of space! Now that I have vented on that part, on to my second complaint. It is soo busy on the weekends especially near BJs.  You can barely navigate through the store. The only reason I use to go to this shopping center was to go to Michael's when I needed tto pick up baking supplies. Overall this place may not be too bad on a Wednesday morning but I wouldn't know because I'm at work, I'm just assuming since the world and their moms go there between Friday afternoon and Sunday night. Avoid it if you can.
This has got to be one of the worst "malls" I been to. The Target here is extremely unorganized, messy and not nearly as good as the other ones I've been to, the one by Kingsbridge is 100 times better. The other stores aren't any better, having a Burlington and Marshalls right next to each other is stupid considering they both are extremely alike. Overall this isn't a place I would reccomend unless someone was in the area and needed a few things, and it's not a place I would shop at regularly either.
I live right over the bridge from the gateway mall, very convenient to get to.  I don't like the design because you have to go from one side to the other you have to go through the parking lot, don't recommend doing that at night.  The worst part about the mall is the price gauging by the taxi company that sit in the parking lot.  I go to BJ's a lot and it shouldn't cost me 15 dollars to go over the bridge into Harlem.  I am going to renew my Costco card and go to that mall.  The service is much better and you don't have the nasty cab drivers trying to rip you off.  They have a great system for taxi service at the 116th Street mall, next cab; take the next passenger none of this where are you going $15.00 crap.
Horrible mall.. go to Fulton or Jamaica Ave... hell Flatbush.... If you go to Gateway.. you go for what you need and leave ASAP!!!
Ok, ok, ok.  It's da Boogie Down Bronx.  It's not the Upper East Side, it's not Long Island, it's not Wichita.  It's Da Bronx.  I live in Harlem right across the 145th Street Bridge and the Gateway Center has been a godsend.  I don't have to go to Jersey!  I don't have to go to the worst-Target-in-America:  Brooklyn.  I can get in my car and drive ten minutes and there's a Marshalls, Home Depot, Target, Bed, Bath & Beyond, and Best Buy.  Yes, the Marshalls is a strewn-filled horror where no one speaks English and the lines stretch out to creation, and don't even try to go into the Staples the night before the first day of school (don't even ask but it's completely my fault) but there's a Home Depot!  Real trees at Christmas!  A Target!  That actually has items on the shelves!  And not too long lines!  And yes, the Gateway Center layout makes absolutely no sense and God help you if you shop there the day of a Yankee game or on the weekends but you can't have everything!  I haven't dared venture into the BJ's but that's because, well, just the idea of it scares me but that's just me.  I haven't borne witness to any fighting or bloodshed, it's $3 bucks to park and I've been able to get nearly everything I need each time I go there -- food processors, sheets, back-to-school supplies, jeans, endless, endless stuff -- and a live Christmas tree!
This is an odd sort of place, but typical of 2000's urban development.  With more higher-income families choosing to stay in the city and more lower-income families looking for places to shop in their under-retailed neighborhoods, big chains have been finding ways to create their typical big box stores in forgotten ex-industrial spaces inside the 5 boros.  River Center in Kingsbridge, the new Target in East Harlem, Atlantic Center in Brooklyn, etc.  This one is no different.  It is not a mall, it is not an amenity built for nearby residents.  It simply represents a series of big box stores like you would find at a power center in Oklahoma City, only here they are stacked on top of each other next to the Deegan expressway and connected to local sidewalks.  The hope of the developers was obviously to capture some of that northbound suburban commuter traffic while also attracting city families with cars (there are a lot more of these than you think in Upper Manhattan, Riverdale, etc.).  Local pedestrians are an afterthought even though they make up most of the shoppers - the main "mall" was simply not designed for them.  (Note - there are pedestrian friendly small shops farther south on River Drive at the old Terminal Market building but these are not the main draw and have struggled to attract tenants). That said, if you are looking for a certain product at a nationally advertised price, this power center is great.  Easy to get to by car, confusing to navigate but lots of parking spots, and quiet if you go at the right times.  On weekends, especially holiday weekends, look out as the stores can get super crowded with large crowds looking for the deals in the only place they can easily get to.  I was at the Toys R Us two weeks before Christmas and waited 27 minutes in line at the checkout.  27 minutes! Also, note that the initial 3rd floor plan with a sort of indoor mall section and smaller tenants, including a Michaels, utterly failed due to the anti-local, anti-pedestrian design.  These are now closed and a Burlington Coat Factory will be taking their place.
I work at this mall and I even have a few complaints about this mall lol. The elevators are very very slow, they only work efficiently in the morning. People can manually turn off the escalators so you end up having to walk up or down them which can be annoying especially for my pregnant self. There isn't a food court the 1st floor falsly advertises that there are restaurants but there is only a subway and applebees and some seafood restaurant that has yet to open. Thanks to Burlington Coat factory  the Michaels, Conway, Jimmy Jazz, Youngworld, and Rainbow located on the 3rd floor are all closed and never to return...Also when you enter the mall or leave the mall going through the side where BJ's is people are always blocking the way with their carts because they are too stupid to realize there is a no carts beyond this point sign so the carts lock up and they just stand there like idiots. Then on top of that you get harrassed by the taxi/cab drivers on your way out.
While it's definitely more of a utilitarian shopping complex for basic necessities rather than an attractive mall for leisurely diversion, I appreciate that I can hop on over from upper Manhattan on the bus in less than ten minutes, get all the household and baby supplies I can manage, and save money in the bargain.  I don't expect more than this.  I love walking so I don't mind the extra service I do for my heart and waistline in walking from one shopping section to the other (which in my opinion isn't that far and I try to strategize my shopping plan order).  All in all, I'm grateful for the money I save on organic groceries and disposable diapers.
This is my favorite shopping mall because it's closer to me, TARGET, TOYS R US, BEST BUY, GAMESTOP and BED BATH & BEYOND are the best stores in that mall especially BJ's Wholesale Club! My favorite stores were Target, Best Buy, GameStop and Toys R Us, even though I've haven't been to GameStop yet. Last Sunday, I went with Robert in Toys R Us (4th floor), Target (5th floor) and Best Buy (6th floor)!  My very first visit was with my mother, which we only went to the 2nd floor (BJ's Wholesale Club).  TOYS R US was great, fun, and friendly for me though it has alot of stuff!  TARGET Was The BESTEST, Greatest, Funnest Store in this mall due to my favorite DVD's I've been trying to have for years! At Best Buy, I've been to see my favorite collector's DVD's I've been finding for months!  Gateway Center in Brooklyn sucks and Gateway Center in Bronx rocks! Every time it's Often Sunday, I will go with Robert again planning for another 4th-6th floor trip again!  I will explode to anger still thinking about my favorite DVD's Target has! Here are the mall's floors: At the 1st floor, there are The Home Depot and Staples. At the 2nd floor, there is BJ's Wholesale Club. At the 3rd floor, there is YOUNGWORLD, Michaels and CONWAY. At the 4th floor, there are Toys R Us/Babies R Us and Raymour & Flanigan Furniture. At the 5th floor, there is TARGET, the best store in the mall. At the 6th floor, there is a store trio: Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond and Marshalls.  I've said that Target and Best Buy were the best stores I've ever been to! Target rocks! Best Buy rocks! The two best stores on Earth! (explodes in anger)
The management of this mall didn't think things thru. The mall is designed for drivers only--who as drivers have lots of options for shopping since they can just drive there--and makes it very difficult for non-driving Manhattanites. I can see the mall from my apartment building across the river and yet I have to take a cab because the buses don't go there. The buses go across 161st or 145th. Both options involve an 8 block walk . So if I do any shopping where I buy anything more than a tooth brush, it means a very long trek with heavy packages or take a cab.  They would get a ton of non-driver business if they would run a shuttle bus between the two bus stops so that it was easier to get to the bus. I would go at least once a month if they did.
