I like this mall. Sure, it may be smaller than Garden State, BUT, do you have to park a mile away or spend 20 mins finding a closer spot? No. Will you get bumped into by people that can't seem to navigate around other human beings in a timely fashion? No. Will you spend half your time at the mall waiting on line for an open register? No. This mall may be small, but it has all the essentials. You'll save a lot of time by not waiting on lines and walking for miles. Plus, they have a Panera :)
Love this mall!
great for quick shopping to Macy's if you dont want to get caught in the GSP hassle. LL Bean is a great addition. Only Sears I know of in the area
I grew up going here but Paramus Park has changed a lot since then. I see it through different eyes now that I have a child. The carousel is gone and so is the Disney Store. So if you bring a young one here there's not much to entertain them. It is nice going to a smaller mall as compared to Garden State Plaza and it still has a decent selection of stores. The mall itself is very clean but I think if it was during the week I'd just rather go to the Garden State Plaza. It's at least a nice alternative on the weekend if you don't want to deal with the madness of the Plaza.
This mall just can't compete with Garden State, Riverside or the Bergen Mall.  Time to reinvent themselves.   They do appeal to the people who don't like crowded shopping centers.
Great mid-sized mall with many different type of stores (smaller and way less crowd than nearby Garden State Plaza mall). Excellent food court (it has Chick-Fil-A - the only one in the area). Great mall for families.... You always find parking spot. I love their Christmas decorations and "Christmas in New Jersey" store. NO tax on shoes and clothes, and closed on Sundays :)
Plenty Of Parking  Spacious With Glass Ceilings  Nice Clean Food Court Paramus Park was the mall of the future in the 70's with its innovative design and open center featuring a second story food court. The mall radiates from this area like a cross, with the anchor stores at the north and south ends. Easy parking and decent selection of stores make this mall a more pleasant experience for those who like to shop in a less chaotic environment. A nice alternative for mall shoppers.
Definitely a less stressful shopping experience than Garden State. Obviously does not have any where near the selection of stores that GSP has. Easy parking and it has a Macy's. The food court seems like it has shrunk over the years but they have added some food options on the main level.
The reason I choose Paramus Park over Garden State Plaza, which is 3 miles away, is due to where I live.  I would never go to GSP as there is far too much traffic near that mall (which is at the busiest intersection in the Northeast - Routes 4 and 17).  So Paramus Park is my mall. I like that there is a Macy's as one of the anchors.  Sears is the other anchor but I don't ever shop there.  The food court is fine with a nice amount of choices and an AT&T and book store within the court. The other stores are a cross between kid and adult stores.  My daughter loves to shop at Justice.  I like Children's Place and Aeropostle PS for kids' clothes. I shop at Sephora, Chico's and Macy's.  This mall gets 3 stars because it doesn't have a Nordstrom or Lord & Taylor.  Those types of department stores would make the mall more upscale in my opinion.
I love coming here when I just need to get a few things or just feel like leisurely walking around without being bothered by large crowds. The store selection isn't as expansive as Garden State Plaza but they do have a few good stores here; my go-to's are Loft, H&M, Bath and Body Works, and The Limited. They added a Starbucks kiosk and if you want a cheap meal there is also a Steak and Shake which is pretty good. What I love most about coming to Paramus Park is, it's pretty hassle free. With the exception of the holidays, you can find parking relatively quickly. It's also at a pretty good location: there is a Sports Authority and JoAnne's nearby as well as a Bonefish Grill.
Love this mall... it's such a civilized mall ... you can still get parking around the holidays with no fights in the parking lot. The only drawback is its limited number of stores... but hey, that's where online shopping comes in. I will avoid the craziness of the Garden State Mall and Bergen Mall at any costs.
A great mall in North Jersey for shopping, its not a beast like garden state plaza. This hidden gem is a calm, cool, and collected mall amongst the titans of Nj malls ...Its a million times less crowded and cleaner then the others around it. They have a lot of great stores and a great food court...They have a Chick-fila for christs sake!!! Also there is never a problem finding parking! If you are looking for a great shopping experience without all the crazies, then this is the spot!
I don't really like this mall. There are several reasons why: 1. No Starbucks. You're at the mall, stop pretending, get a frappucino and go to town. Also, fake lighting makes me sleepy and I need the caffeine. 2. Only department stores are Macy's &amp; Sears. The Macy's selection was worse than the usual; the one at Garden State Plaza is better.  I'm not going to hate too much on Sears since I was forced to go in there, I did find some really cheap basic black flats, but Sears? is no Nordstrom BG section. Let's be real. 3. Store selection is crappy. Why come here when you could go to GSP? Nothing too interesting here.
Paramus Park will always have a special place in my heart despite the many changes it's been through over the years. I come from a generation that would cram all the kids, dates, and parents in the car, drive over, split up and meet back at a certain spot at a pre-determined time. This was the usual Friday or Saturday night in Bergen County. (Boy, have things changed!!) Not only that, the Indian on the turkey was right where you walked in, now because of political "corectiveness" he's shoved up on the second floor in the back never to see the light of day again. Over the years the stores have indeed changed, Native Art is no longer there, the restaurant in the far back corner of the second floor with all the wacky stuff is gone, but it's still a gem compared to Garden State and Palisades.
3.5 stars. When you're not in the mood for the BS that is Garden State Plaza, and have an idea of what you need to shop for, if it's possible, do it here.  Never had trouble finding parking here.  The stores aren't huge on variety, but they're decent.. I still like the food court here, you can always find some yummy grub.  There's a Dunkin Donuts now, woot!
Growing up in Paramus, this is the mall that your parents would let you go to with your friends & without parental supervision first.  It was the training mall before you began high school and would start going to the larger, more crowded Garden State Plaza.   In comparison to GSP, Paramus Park is much smaller.  Its shaped like a large L.  In the middle, there used to be a giant waterfall where kids used to throw pennies and make a wish.  Now thats gone and there are escalators leading to the food court upstairs.  One wing leads you to Sear's, and the other wing leads you to Macy's.  Stores include:  Ann Taylor Loft, Old Navy, H&M, Gap, Abercrombie, Victoria's Secret, Disney Store, etc.   One plus over GSP is that this place is less of a madhouse on the weekend.  During the Xmas shopping season, I know Paramus people who refuse to go to GSP due to the parking lot chaos and go to Paramus Park instead to do their Xmas shopping.  Saves you time and helps avoid some stress. Basically, if you want to be able to shop in every store known to man, go to GSP.  If you know you want to pick up something from a particular store, head to Paramus Park and save yourself some time & avoid the madness that can be GSP's parking lot on a Saturday.
Stores are pretty average (Sears, Macy's, Express, Old Navy, Mandee's, Charlotte Ruse, GAP, Aero, Victoria's Secret, PacSun), with a few expensive stores thrown in for window shopping purposes. Food options are slightly better than the average food court. Panera is my go-to and there's a TCBY coming soon! Not too big, not too small. Not usually crowded, but not empty, either.  This mall is just right. Goldilocks would be pleased.
Paramus park is a good mall to take children. I always bring my nephew there since it is never too packed and has a good play area for kids. I often go to Paramus park for the sole reason that it is of very close proximity to my house. If I lived further away I would prefer to go to Garden State Plaza instead. Paramus park has stores including the Loft, New York & Company, Victoria's Secret, Claire's, Sears, Macy's, and Francesca's boutique. This mall rarely gets packed. It has an above average food court that include places including Dunkin Donuts.
As malls go, Paramus Park isn't so bad. It is less of a hassle. Parking is rarely an issue and most importantly, it isn't GSP.
This has to be one of the most gorgeous malls i've ever been to. It is much smaller than the Garden State Plaza so there are less variety. Since I live in New York, I prefer Roosevelt Field mall over this since this place is far to commute. However, I love this place, the architectural designs are just stunning; the shops are both interesting and wondrous. My favorite part was the cookware store; they offer free pretzel sticks with a select of amazing dips. haha, we cleaned out the place of both the dips and the free pretezels! I love the stone water fountain in front of Abercrombie and the many different sculptures. I recommend this place if you want to see a cool mall that has Abercrombie, Hollister and H&M. Yup, have fun!
Let me start by saying I hate malls. I grew up in Hudson county the thought of going to Newport or even worse jersey gardens made me want to vomit. Of course life cannot be lived without going to a mall so I always had to frequent them. Newport (before recent upgrades) didn't always have the stores I needed so I always had to go to garden state. And garden state is a zoo. After recently moving to Hackensack I discovered Paramus Park. I always knew it was there I just never went. But I'm so glad to have finally visited! Its go pretty Much everything you need minus the crowds that you have at garden state! Its nice and quiet, perfect for a mall HATER like myself!
I spent my teenage years working in this mall. At that time it was great, friendliest people, friendliest stores and mall management.  Helpful security and great all American non ghetto type clientele. I haven't been there in about a year but I've heard they built it up and it's even more classy and nice now. If you want a family atmosphere, definitley go here. Safe spot for teens to hang out too.
Remember when Paramus Park had a super cool water-fall-stone wall? And lots of trees? And a clear elevator? And the time Hanson swung by and almost died by stampede of hormonal New Jersey teenagers? Ah, the stuff of my childhood.
I'm giving this place 3 stars because I had lots of fond memories here when I grew up. Although safe and family friendly, it lacks some of the bigger name stores, bright lights and sad to say, it's kinda boring.  Boring might be fine for some. My wife and I come here mostly for Sears and we feel like obliged to walk through, which we find annoying because the way the mall is designed, you walk to one dead end, turn around, and walk back from where you came.   More notably has to content with Garden State Plaza and now the Bergen Town Center, not to mention Tice's Corner and The Shops at Riverside.  With that said, the only thing this mall has going for it is the Chick Fillet.  Also, they added one of those self-serve frozen yogurt places, which is good.
Paramus Park is getting a 13 screen movie theater!!! This is something this mall really needs! But why would they take away the carousel?? As a parent, the carousel was great entertainment for small children! Go to the mall during the day on a weekday and what do you see? A sea of Mom's pushing baby carriages!!! Not a smart move! Make the mall more of a entertainment destination then just for shopping. That's the theme that almost every other mall has taken. The mall would get five stars if it wasn't for that!
Paramus Park Mall used to be THE PLACE to bring younger kids. With the adorable carousel, the play area and the kid stores, you could easily spend a rainy afternoon there. However, since the removal of the carousel, it has lost it's appeal. As much as I dislike going to GSP, I will now have to go there for their carousel alone. Sigh. I will miss Paramus Park.
As a kid, my mom would bring me to this mall more than the GSP or any other since it wasn't as busy. Always ate at Chik-Fil-A ...so much that it's become a tradition whenever I go there. I remember the water-fall-stone wall very clearly. It was awesome before they renovated. Does anyone remember the WARNER BROTHERS STORE!?!? It was so incredible. So many Superman and Batman merchandise. AND the spaceship tunnels in the back of the store with the TV screens inside.
This mall is great if you want to be in and out for a non-specific item, but overall it's nothing special. There's really not very many stores. In fact, the  mall itself is quite small. The one perk is that there's pretty much always parking. No one ever comes here when just a few miles up the highway is Garden State Plaza with every store under the sun.
they have a mutherfuckin' CHIK FIL A!!!!!!!!!!!! five stars. done.
One of best malls to go to if you want to spend a quiet afternoon shopping at H&M, Express, Gap, and Old Navy without having to spend an hour looking for parking at GSP.  This is pretty much the kiddie version of GSP with plenty of parking. The fat girl in me just wishes they had better dining options. I'm just so sick of Panera and the regular Jersey mall food court.
I like Paramus Park because it's not too big, overwhelming, and never too crowded.  However, I can't stand those stands in the middle that sell things, and some of the employees that run them.  Extremely pushy, aggressive, and obnoxious.  I literally had someone approach me with a hand cream and reach out and touch my hand.  I was taken back and baffled by his aggressive behavior.  So rude.  I complained to Mall Property Manager, and heard back immediately with an apology.   It was comforting to know they take those type of complaints seriously.   I have since never been approached as aggressively as that 1 time.   They still bug you, but not as bad ...
I miss the old waterfall, too, especially at Christmas when they put hundreds of poinsettias all over it and white birds flying above it. *sigh*  Even so, this is still the best mall. It's not ridiculously big like GSP, parking is good, food court is great, atmosphere is good, and it's got lots of stores I can actually shop in. We don't all make a million dollars a year!
Almost anyone who's not a major shopper & lives in the vicinity of Paramus knows this is where you can go to avoid overwhelming options & the hassle of crowds. If you need new clothes, there's plenty of shops for that. For toys, jewelry or makeup, you'll be all set after a trip here. And if ya just want to browse, this mall's directory is basic & simple, with little chance of getting lost in a sea of stores.
A smaller GSP. Nice to go to avoid tourists and to make it so you can park. It is an okay mall, smaller than GSP but still definitely reasonable.
Who remembers when Paramus Park still had a giant stone center filled with peace lilies, water falls, hidden staircases, and the glass elevator? Man...this was the place of my childhood when I'd ask my mom if we could go see the giant turkey, ride the carousel, and throw pennies in the magic pond. Back then I didn't really care about the stores or the food court, this mall was where my mom and I spent rainy Saturday afternoons and visited Santa and the Easter Bunny. These days Garden State Plaza almost seems too big and instead will make this my go-to for staples like Gap and Macy's. Oh and hellooo?? Who cares about the number of stores at GSP when PP has a Chik-Fil-A?
A small mall with the usual mall shops.  Yes there is a Chik Fil'A and other places to eat in a very small food court.  The only full service restaurant is Bensi.  We had a great experience at the Sunglass Hut and bought our wedding sunglasses there.
Great mall for the ultra modern mom. Has a marshalls,Children's Place, Gap, Guess, and Whole Foods...So what more can you want?? They have seasonal events for the family. They have these super cute fish tanks all over for the kids to look at. They have ample seating. Other than that it's a shopping center. Very weird they have a church or worship center located above Marshalls!!!! I spend to much time shoe shopping and here way to much!!! FYI they closed the Chucke Cheese that was located across the street. So don't plan on it!!!!
I agree with the others who say this little mall is good if you want to avoid the chaos of GPS especially at the holidays. There is still route 17 traffic to contend with though, no matter which of the malls you go to.
When I'm in the mood to shop I head here about 85% of time.  I don't have to walk 6 miles and walk by a ton of stores that are overpriced with tacky, trendy clothes like I do when I go to GSP.  I can usually find what I need/want at paramus park with the stores there, and grab something to eat at the food court.  LVL X is great for my night clothes, and I can usually find some good deals for casual clothes at Macy's. Can't go wrong with the Panera, and chik-fil-a either!
Small functional mall with a Macy's and a sears for anchors. Nothing unusual. Pretty boring. Panera, teavana are a couple good stopping points. If you have to eat, go to bonefish nearby. Serious lack of decent gadget or mend clothing stores.
Garden State Plaza Mall is so much better!
