Being that I am a fervent budgetista (I swear it's a word), I feel terribly out of place here. In fact, I always seem to make my way to the food court whenever I come here. (That could also be because I naturally gravitate toward food wherever I go but for the sake of this review, let's say it's because I'm not a big spender.) But that has nothing to do with this mall. It's a mall like any other mall. If you're any darker than a white girl's fake tan, you're going to be watched like a hawk if you go into any of the luxury brand stores. That's my only con, really. Other than that, it's a pretty good mall to shop in if you're looking to splurge. There's a good variety of stores and there's always an eery silence unlike any other mall I've been in. Just know that I never take the elevator alone. Feels like a damn dungeon in there. Parking is kind of expensive compared to other malls if you're there for too long. Nothing to brag about really. It's not the 3rd street promenade, that's for sure.
My first time visit was very pleasant.  I was nervous about visiting a luxury mall but it was unfounded. We were greeted very sweetly and I found the SAs knowledgeable and pleasant. We went to all the luxury stores we normally don't see in our everyday travels. The mall was clean, quiet (especially during an early weekday) and carpeted. The only minor quibbles were a hard selling SA in Nordstrom's and SAs that kept making me move to one side at standalone MAC. SAs should not be checking stock or organizing shelves while customers are standing in front of shelves or displays, it is a bit off-putting. The food court is spacious with a small selection of eateries like Au Bon Pain. A very shrill fire alarm just happened off while we were there. I suggest that any one with sensory sensitive children or even adults who have hearing issues fly out of there like bats out of hell as soon as it goes off, which is probably once in a blue moon. It does not stop in any short time and under no circumstances run into the bathrooms to get away from it. It is the loudest and shrillest in there. Just take the escalator down and get away. Any child who is sensitive to noise would have a complete meltdown. Really recommended: Tiffany's (pure customer service) Louis Vuitton (very helpful), Brighton (we were offered refreshments), Tourneau (nobody approached but that was fine for browsing), Tesla (!), Apple, Gucci, etc Lots of more affordable stores like Gap, Abercrombie, Brookstone, available too for younger shoppers. I came away with the experience of what it's like to shop luxury.
I cannot afford the Westchester with the exception of the food court and a handful of shops.  The mall is filled with upscale stores so if you don't have a lot of money, I suggest going to the Galleria instead.  Thankfully, unlike most other malls, there really aren't too many roving bands of punk teenagers ::angrily shakes fist at teenagers:: Some of the stores that are there are:  Anthropologie, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Delia's, Coast2Coast, Papyrus, Steve Madden, J. Crew, bebe, Cache They do have a City Limits Diner in the mall, which is kind of cool.
The Westchester mall is a great mall. I usually have to stay away from the 1st floor that's where all the high end stores tend to be, like Hugo Boss, Barney's Coop etc. They your general mall stores. JCrew A&F Martin & Ossa and Nordstrom. Its easy to get to The Westchester from the city for a day of shopping when its either too cold to be outside or its raining. This mall is a Northeast version of my favorite mall back home Merrick Park. Also they have a pretty good food court. Love Charlies Subs.
Beautiful mall. Too expensive for my taste but I do love walking around pretending to be an uppity person. lol. Quite frankly, that's just not me... I love clearance stores (which is why I never come here) . . . I shopped the children stores and window shopped the rest! :)
I love the Westchester. I was just here, and while parking is a huge pain in the ass and White Plains itself is about as easy to navigate as a labyrinth, five minutes into my visit I was reminded as to why I enjoy this mall so much. It's true, there are a lot of expensive, high-end stores in the Westchester, and the average person probably can't afford to shop in most of them. But tell me this: does your hometown mall have a Burberry, a Louis Vuitton, a Coach store, a Michael Kors, or a Tiffany & Co.? I know that mine doesn't. And while I may not be able to afford to pick up a Coach handbag or a Tiffany ring at this point in my life (or maybe ever), these stores lend a certain level of class and elegance to the place, and a sense of class and elegance always makes for an enjoyable shopping experience. The clientele in this mall matches the quality of the stores, and everything seems to be maintained with this factor in mind. The Westchester is always clean, always neat, always bright, and as another reviewer noted, almost completely free of the roving bands of bored teenagers who seem to haunt other malls. Even the food court and the bathrooms are classy. Also, I'd never been to a mall with carpeting before I shopped at the Westchester. And don't expect to find JCPenney at this place, or even Macy's. The big department stores that anchor the Westchester are Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom's. Even though this mall is expensive, there are stores which cater to those shoppers who don't come equipped with their own trust fund. There's an Abercrombie, a Gap, a Victoria's Secret, J.Crew and J. Jill, Banana Republic, and the always-charming Anthropologie, just to name a few. (Although the average sweater in Anthropologie costs around $120, in comparison to some of the other stores in this mall, that's a bargain.) And if you feel hungry after all that credit-card swiping and are too cool for the food court (which might be just too cool for you: this place has an Au Bon Pain and a Ben & Jerry's), head on over to P.F.Chang's. If the wait time is too long - and chances are, it will be - the City Limits Diner is upstairs, near Verizon, Crabtree & Evelyn, Aldo shoes and other stores that add a hint of normalcy to this fun, moneyed haven. All in all, a great shopping experience, although it's more of a window shopping experience for some. Impeccably decorated now that the holidays are near, it's fun to come here in your best coat and shoes and feel rich for a day.
I HATE malls. I grew up on Long Island, and sure, I had that two-year phase in middle school when hanging out at Roosevelt Field was *the* thing to do on a Saturday, but those days have long since passed. So imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon a mall I do not hate. In fact, it's a pretty decent, quiet shopping experience. We've been here three times, each time with fairly specific shopping agendas in mind (the only way I will do a mall), and it's never been crowded. You've got an Apple store, an Anthropologie, J. Crew, Banana, Gap, etc. and then some pretty high-end stores a la Tiffany and Neiman Marcus. They've got a Crate and Barrel, a Restoration Hardware, and a Pottery Barn, and let's not forget Nordstrom. The food court leaves MUCH to be desired (don't go, trust me); if you need to eat in the mall head to PF Chang's. Yes, you have to pay for parking, but that's true at the Galleria and City Centre malls in White Plains too (both of which I like significantly less), so I think you just kinda have to accept it or be willing to hunt for street parking.
It's a Simon mall, so it's classy. Rows of high end stores. But you have to pay for parking? Insane. Seriously insane. You go to this mall to spend a lot of money so you should be treated extra nicely, A.K.A. not pay for parking. It's a very nice mall to take a stroll through. Enjoyable times have been had here.
I had a really nice experience here yesterday. Let's me preface this post by saying I live in Brooklyn, so the luxury of having a lot of the stores I shop at under one roof is a tad "foreign" to me. Not that I've never been to a mall before but there is something to be said about not having to walk through the winding streets of downtown Manhattan or hop to various areas of Brooklyn to shop. It really just makes shopping a pain in the butt. I've been on the hunt for a pair of black pumps for work and flats. I found both at The Westchester. With a range of brands and prices, the shopping experience here was really nice. I didn't feel like I was out of my element. There was something for everyone. I got my staple shopping done and best of all the mall was quiet!!! I went to the Queens center mall a few weeks ago, it was one of the scariest mall experiences I have ever had. Compared to The Westchester, I'm never going back. 4 stars.
This is the "expensive" mall in White Plains... as opposed to the Galleria. It's a really big mall with a lot of stores. Theres a Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom for department stores. As for little stores, theres a Nike, Delias, Anthropologie, Coach, Burberry, BCBG, Guess, Louis Vuitton, and a bunch others... so if you feel rich and spending a lot of money come here cuz they do have good stores! They also have a music store (i think FYE), Starbucks, Godiva, the food in the food court is so much better than the Gallerias! They even have a Ben and Jerrys! They also have a Sephora which sometimes makes me come to this mall just for that... parking is kinda expensive, i think for up to like 2 hours its 3 dollars :-(
Typical nice upscale suburban mall. However, there are plenty of these kinds of malls all over the country that DON'T charge for parking! Thumbs down, way down, for that.
Although I cannot afford most of the things that this mall can offer, it houses Nordstroms AND PF Changs. How could this be bad? As others have suggested the clientele can be a bit snobby at times, but living in Westchester you learn to ignore these folks. Unlike most malls I find this mall to be aesthetically pleasing and actually enjoy walking around in it (the Palisades and the Galleria give me heart palpitations- really!) Parking is a headache- I never get it right.  The best place to park is upstairs near Nordstroms if entering from Bloomingdale Road.  And parking IS expensive.....
A pleasure  to shop at Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, and upscale stores, but the Food Court was disappointing. Both places we patronized overcharged us and gave the wrong change, "Chinese Food " and Yogurt. BABY. It is too. noisy to talk. Stick with Nordstrom Cafe.
I love to watch rich people shop in their natural habitat. The Westchester is a gorgeous property but the only thing I'll buy is the pretzels on the third floor.  All the stores are high end and very expensive.  Still, Crate and Barrel, Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn are nice to saunter through. The mall complex is gorgeous and bright with lots of sky roofs and a mix of gleaming white floor tiles and understated neutral beige carpeting.  The food court upstairs is a circular floor plan offering different kinds of food. Go for the people watching or just for a change of pace and be prepared to pay up to $5 - $6, maybe more, for the parking - yes, it's that ridiculous.
Just went to this mall yesterday and am very surprised by all the variety of stores, both high and low-ends, from Gap and J-Crew to LV and Burberry under one building. I like the carpet on the fall so you don't hear the clip-clap sound of those annoying girl's heels squawking on the floor (sorry, had to put that in from another incident) The mall is very quiet and it is a very pleasant experience to shop since you don't have to stand in lines, but then it gets annoying when you just want to browse through their inventory and not be bothered by the numerous sales people that seem to surround you when you first walk in. Other than that, it is a very nice mall, kind of like the Americana Mall in Manhasset but everything is indoors. You do have to pay for parking there which is a hassle. And it's about 20 minutes away from Bayside. Not a bad drive if you are not sitting in traffic.
Yay! I loved going here when I was in high school. It was a great get away from school. I don't think I ever bought much when I went there with my friends because it's kinda expensive, but when my parents came with me I'd have them get me things! LoL. Oh the days.....
Shopping makes me suicidal, but I volunteered to take my mom and teenaged daughters to the Westchester out of a sense of love and duty. Pros: * About 45 minutes from the city, but easy to find for those who get confused in the suburbs. * There's a Nordstrom, with its beautiful ladies' lounges and stellar service. * The food court has reasonably priced choices under a skylit roof. * A range of stores, from the so-expensive-I-won't-even-look to the Gap. * People-watching of the sort that is usually confined to tea at the Pierre. Cons: * You will hit traffic one way or the other. * [There is no downside to a Nordstrom.] * You will never, ever find the food court without asking someone. * No bargains here, folks. * Parking costs $5--not a lot, I know, but I'm objecting on principle.
High end mall with a few run-of-the mill shops. I mostly wanted to come here for the Anthropologie store. Other than that I walked into a few stores. If you get tired of shopping or even need a nap, there are a bunch of clean, comfy, inviting looking sofa chairs sprinkled throughout the 3 stories. The one thing I didn't like was paying for parking.
This review is based on the food court only. Growing up in Westchester we used to go there just to eat. You know, circle around a few times...pretend we never had Bourbon Chicken before and needed to try it and anything else they were giving away samples of...followed by the sincere looking "what is this called?''  And then we would most of the time end up getting what we just referred to as "lo mein 2 choices".  Anyway, it was always good, as far as food courts go.   Just the other day I returned for the first time in several years and found the food court to be totally different. Fast forward to 2011 and there must be at least 4 places in the food court empty. The lo mein two choices was pretty much how I remember it, except cheaper...now just 4.99 with 20oz drink.  Seems like the Chinese place and the Bourbon Chicken place are having a duel...with their free sample girls on the front line.  There was an ominous feel in the court. So I sit down and begin to enjoy my food court eats when I notice there are little gnats all over the place. WTF?  This is not the old mall, this is the new mall!  I quickly relocated to another spot.  Maybe I have lost my taste for food court eats, or maybe it was the gnats but I could not finish. The upscale nice food court of my youth has turned kinda not so upscale. Still not the Galleria, but not the place I remember. I will not return just for the food court. Before leaving I spoke to one of the food stand owners and he told me that business is horrible. The rents are not being lowered, and the business is just not there anymore.  The landlord refuses to lower rent and would rather have empty places. The guy I spoke with told me if things continue there will be even more empty spots in the food court. The Westchester (the mall part) is still very nice and my score of 2 stars does not reflect the overall mall...just what the food court has devolved into...sad.  Anyway, all the action is on the other side of the mall (sorry could not do a review of a mall without a line from Fast Times).
High end mall. Super. High. End. It's nice to kill a few hours by window shopping and people watching. The. End.
Place place to use a clean public bateroom from 10:00 am -12 noon
Ok, I'll admit this mall has a sort of stuck up vibe, but I still like it: it's clean, it has nice stores and it isn't too loud. Several of the stores there are out of my price range, but I don't care - it's not like I HAVE to shop in every store in the mall, I can also just look, right? And I like to look :-) Plus there are several great clothing and shoe stores, a nice-sized Sephora, two coffee shops, a Nordstrom and hey look, clean bathrooms! A girl doesn't need much more than that for a bit of Saturday shopping - well this one doesn't at least ;-) And if you need a bit of me-time you can pair the shopping with a visit to the Elizabeth Arden spa, also in the mall. The food court is pretty clean and nice, and while they don't really serve any health food (hence the 4 stars instead of 5) you do have some decent choices.
The Westchester provides more of the high-end/upscale clothing territory. There's Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Burberry, Michael Kors, Coach, Barney's Co-Op, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Tiffany's and other designer shops to pick up some baubles. The mall ranges from high-end to moderate (Anthropologie, Gap, BCBG, A/X, etc). There's an Apple Store, food courts and countless supplies of make-up counters, beauty-supply stores and a stand alone MAC store for all you cosmetic junkies. I don't mind coming here since there are quite a few stores here that I shop at, though it can be a little boring after a visit or two. But at the same time, I don't relish spending much time in malls either since I'm no longer a bored teenager with tons of insdispensable income (allowance, anyone?). Another down point of this mall is that you have to pay for parking - no matter what. It doesn't matter if you purchase something from Nordstrom's or Neiman's, or if you made a bill payment. Parking fees start at $3 for two hours and under, $4 for two hours and over, and so on.
I'll finish updating this later. The mall is really really difficult to navigate for some reason. You can probably get turned around in a hurry. Regardless, its a pretty decent mall. They have a lot of the typical stores, and a handful of nice upscale stores.
In short: - Parking IS relatively expensive, but if you're shopping here you probably don't care. Also, you're paying for the clean and polished atmosphere as well as a place to leave your car. - The shops ARE expensive and high-end, but if you can't afford any of these designer stores don't go. Sure you can look but why torture yourself? :P Overall, a clean and comfortable place to shop as long as you've got the means to do so. And if you're just looking to buy your only pair of expensive whatevers, this is the best place to do it. I would definitely recommend this to a visitor or friend as a nice place to relax and buy some ritzy goods... maybe.
Clean mall and parking, nice stores, and comfortable carpeted walkways. But the lack of directories and the confusing parking structure makes it only 2 stars. I parked on level P3, thinking it would bring me to mall Level 3. It doesn't. You need to park on level P7 to exit to mall Level 3. Also, it is $3.00 an hour to park. And you have to bring your ticket with you, and pay near an elevator paystation machine before returning to your car. Very difficult to understand, especially if you have never done it before AND have a young child in tow.
Like the mall,although it is going too upscale. I usually only go into the Sony Style store to pick up accessories for my Sony Ericsson phones;memory sticks and such.  Also check out Sephora and J.Crew,but never can find anything I like.  Neiman's and Nordstrom are ok,but I like Nordstrom Rack better.  Can always find great things on sale there.  But I like to shop at this mall because my mom owns stock in Simon Properties;that is the MAIN reason I like to shop ONLY Simon malls.  Simon now owns the Galleria also,but that seems low rent in comparison.
It's yet another one of Simon malls. They don't disappoint. This one is more upscale and has some of your high-end designers. The mall is very clean and attractive. On the down-side, you have to pay for garage parking.
Very lovely mall. Soft piped music makes a Sunday afternoon shopping spree a pleasant experience. Many stores to chose from, and the restrooms are clean.
This is a nice mall. It has all the high end brands such as Tiffany's, LV, Coach, Tory Burch...etc., high end dept stores Neiman Marcus & Norstrom, and then the other mall staples such as JCrew, A&F, Gap, BR....etc. they also have one of my favorites, Anthropologie. But you won't be seeing H&M or Forever 21 at this mall. Also great place for home with Pottery Barn, William Sonoma, Crate & Barrel and Restoration Hardware. It's clean, well lit and fairly quiet, even when the parking lot is full. The cons, I would say that you have to pay for parking, which I believe went up in price recently!
Nordstrom.  Louis Vuitton.  Tory Burch.  My favorites.  But a dangerous recipe for an expensive afternoon.
Nordstrom's shoe collection at this spot is off: only Tod's slip-on flats (vs anything from the brand w a decent heel), stodgy gleanings from Chanel, etc. Neiman's has a great fragrance and beauty spread and sometimes the Mac store has Pro items.
Ehh
I Love this Mall!  Whether shopping or browsing it's a great place to spend an afternoon or evening.  While it does have a decent food court, I prefer the Cafe in Nordstroms--interesting selection and excellent food! I've read the reviews and have a hard time understanding some of the negatives.  I have rarely encountered a rude or intrusive SA.  The only time I remember being annoyed was when an SA in Teavanna pushed to sell me some very expensive product which I did not want.  I reported the incident to the Manager.  She no longer works there! All in all the Salespeople are quite helpful and the mall quite welcoming for a relaxing (if that's possible) shopping experience.  I shop there often and highly recommend it if the shop you are seeking is there. ONE COMPLAINT:  I join the others who commented on the PARKING FEES!  The policy of not allowing stores to validate parking for at least a limited time is outrageous!  Its the PRINCIPLE!  If I spend money in the stores I should have some courtesy parking privileges.  At least Nordstrom's will do that for its premium customers.
Nice selections of higher-end stores (Neiman Marcus, Nordstrum, etc.).  It's a shame that you have to pay for parking though.  Def. recommended.
Nice mall. Good atmosphere, great range of stores. Plenty of security around. They have couches throughout so you can take a break from shopping. The one drawback is the Nike Store. Steer clear. Their staff knows little to nothing about running (and don't expect anyone to know about running mechanics or what shoe is best for you). They also have a return policy designed to lose customers. I tried to exchange two items, but had no receipt as they were gifts. I was told that I could only exchange for the same exact item in a different size or get the lowest price Nike is currently selling them for. It is beyond ridiculous. I will never give the Nike Store my business again.
This mall needs more directories! It's impossible to navigate. Other than that its a pretty nice mall, with higher-end shops. Take some anti-nausea medication before you come though be uses the spoiled, rich, rude obnoxious people that shop here here will make you sick.
This mall is supposed to be a new fantastic state of the art mall. Not only are the elevators confusing but the mall itself is wheelchair and stroller unfriendly. If you happen to find the right elevator to the food court and can get on the first time- then consider yourself lucky! Forget trying to get down from the food court in a wheelchair or with a stroller as there are only two and its always packed. At least five stores ( three of which were kid oriented) I had to leave the stroller outside. In addition, there is no kid play area! What kind of a mall doesnt even have a section where the kids can just run around for a couple of mins?! Finally, parking was atrocious. The parking machines were not working and try getting an operator to answer when u press the help button on the machine! I will never grace the doors of this joint again. Horrible.
The Westchester is a very high-end mall.  Most of the stores here are rich designers I've never even heard of.  I end up spending more money on the parking garage than I do in the actual mall since I refuse to spend $800 on a purse.
Ahh good old white plains, westchester opulence at its finest, the westchester mall is big and beautiful and def filled with cougars galore and old mummies a like dropping cash and spending like they were in sex and the city. Overall the mall is very big spacious,always beautifully decorated and they def have security on lock when it comes to the mall rarely do you see hoodlums walking around this mall, the riff raff is sent straight to the galleria or cross county
I'd say this place isn't too bad if you're here in WP on biz looking for a shirt or maybe a last minute pair of 7 jeans before you hit the train on your way to Manhattan.  At 7pm on  Tuesday night place was completely dead, though I'm sure around the holiday time this place is completely mad.  I would stay away from the chain restaurants in the area however.
The best mall in Westchester. Great range in stores from very high end to more affordable. For the most part, you can find whatever you might need in this mall. My favorite stores: Nordstroms, Victoria's Secret, J Crew, Banana Republic, the Apple Store, Madewell, Tiffanys, Club Monaco, Anthropologie, and more all have locations in this mall. Food court is okay. PF Changs is located right inside the mall. Parking is a plenty and pretty affordable.
love this mall, its really nice, spacious and clean, doesnt get too crouded, and has lots of stores....hate the parking fee lol other than that, its close and has everything i love in it
It's a nice mall if you have $$$$ to spend. This is not the place for you if you are on a budget. There are high end department stores and plenty of walking to be done. The parking garage is reasonable if you are there for a few hours and dinner. The layout of the mall is very difficult and poorly designed if you are in a rush and need to get from one end to the other.
Clean and well kept after all these years, but really, I'm over it at this point. (Of course, that could also be because I hate malls).
Great Mall!!! I have a thing for shopping so I love to go to Malls that have high end and mid priced stores.  It allows you to have a variety of options when searching for that perfect outfit!  The only thing that I do not like about the mall is that the food court is pretty crappy.  If you are hungry try PF Changs for some great gluten free grub or the Cafe at Nordstroms.  However, being that it has the wonderful world of Gucci I think I can forgive them for the sucky food court. LOL!!
Very nice mall but parking is a bear!  Expect the usual stores plus high end stores.  Make sure you take your parking ticket with you and pay before returning to your car to avoid the extra long line as you leave the garage!
3-story mall...with all of the run of the mill stores. I am a fan of the Apple store, Teavana and Godiva.
Beautiful mall - upscale, nice selection, they have Yurman and Sephora which is enough to make me happy, very clean, nicely appointed, and really wasn't crowded which is a huge plus for me.  The only thing I didn't like is paying the ridiculous price for parking AND getting lost trying to find my car where they promptly tried to charge me $3 additional dollars when leaving because I was "late."  I refused to pay it and that was drama - but the person helping me with all of it over the speaker was pleasant.  I'll go back but absolutely ridiculous charges for parking and they should be validating.
This is the place to go for top tier retailers....you name it, it is there. consumption at its best and worst.
This place is huge!!! I give it 3 stars because it has every high end designer store you can imagine. Do not plan to go there and find a H&M or Forever 21 store. Go there to spend lots of money! So I was definitely in heaven walking around there, but realistically, it is not your every day mall! Go there when you want to splurge on your favorite designer!
This is an upscale mall that smells like perfume and plays classical music. If you're a straight male, then you'll be bored after spending 5 minutes at this mall. However, if you're a Carrie Bradshaw type who owns 50 pairs of shoes, then you'll love it here. All of the stores are either high-end stores or women's clothing stores. You won't find Radioshack, Best Buy, or FYE at this mall.
Best mall in the area, hands down. I always come here to shop, they have some of my favorites stores like Sephora, Nordstrom, Banana Republic and J.Crew....and they also have a great food court. This mall has a classy feel to it, and there are not groups of sullen looking teenagers wandering around like I normally see in my local mall. The only bad thing is the parking, which can be expensive. But it is worth the price to have so many great stores all in once place. Oh, they also have The Limited where I love to buy my clothes for work. If you're in the area and have some money to spend, check it out!!
Amazing mall! Nordstrom is big but doesn't carry as much as you'd hope, the cheesecake factory was fantastic, the Burberry staff was amazing and so friendly, neimans was great too. Loved this mall!
I LOVE this mall. "Mall" does do The Westchester justice. This is a gorgeous shopping area with amazing stores and delicious restaurants. Even my husband doesn't mind waiting for me while I shop because he can relax on one of the comfy chairs or counches throught The Westchester.
Nice and clean mall with many good stores.  Not necessarily easily accessible on foot, though. Not too noisy.  Easy to get around. I do not know anything about food court or food joints in the mall.
Great Mall for all your high end needs and great restaurants as well.
The Westchester is a very upscale mall in the heart of White Plains.. The layout is a bit confusing but over all the best store here is Nordstrom and PF Changs is a nice addition to the mall!
Such a nice place to go sightseeing or for shopping! It looks like an European place. And lots of very beautiful women there, too.
I had to go to the Verizon store, because of a phone issue. The hardware was broken and could not be fixed. The store manager was helpful in activating my insurance plan, which was needed for a new phone. They set the phone up for me and this was not at any cost to the store. I was not charged for this service and they did not make a profit, but they were very helpful to the customer.
I've been to this mall twice now and both times I found the selection in all of the stores to be limited and the prices to be unreasonably high.  Also, while most of the salespeople are nice and helpful, some are snobby and rude.  For example, today an employee at J Crew actually said, "maybe we need to change the body, not the clothes," to me after two items I tried on didn't fit me correctly.  I'm a size 4.
Mad-expensive parking! And if the machine eats your credit card, don't hold your breath for someone to rescue you. They had the audacity to ask me - via "emergency" intercom - whether I was an employee or a customer (?!) and that I'd "just have to wait for the supervisor" and no they couldn't tell me how long that would take. Why on earth would it matter if I worked there or not? I'm female, alone, 7 pm on a Sunday, no one in sight, no telling how long I'd be standing there, waiting = creepy situation. I did wait for about 15 minutes (on the phone with my husband for reassurance) but wound up leaving and cancelling my card (a HUGE inconvenience!). I've since left messages with the parking company, security and the management office, none of which had the courtesy to call me back. I just wanted to make sure they remedy their procedures. At the very least, the kid in the parking office should've sent security to wait with me. They've lost a loyal customer, and maybe more - I've complained to EVERYONE I know about this! From now on, it's Stamford Town Center or Palisades Center (both non-Simon malls). UPDATE: After sending letters to their corporate office and mall management, I received an apology letter and two free parking tickets. At least they finally did the right thing.
This is probably one of my favorite malls. It's not huge, it doesn't usually get very crowded (except around the holiday season) and it's got a nice calm vibe. In terms of stores, it's got a few I love and some that I just like to browse in. It seems to house more stores that are on the pricier side and so I'm not a frequent shopper necessarily. I know when to come here though and what I can find here. The Nordstrom is one of my favorites and there's quite a few good children's clothing stores here but again not of the cheapest variety. The lowest level is like a lot of stores you find on Madison Ave and I actually happen to think it's pretty cool. For serious shopping it might not be the #1 place to go and it's not always a one stop destination for all the family's needs. For gift needs or special events and occasion needs it's awesome. The food court is pretty blah. It used to be better but that definitely knocks this down a star.
I like this mall... mostly for the layout and lack of insane crowds and ghetto trash. For that, the Galleria is 2 minutes away. If I come here it is generally for Nordstrom, and a few other stores. I generally like to shop in the city for better deals and to avoid sales tax, but this is nice if I'm in the area.
It is a nice place to walk around, but not to buy.  I have visited this mall many times over the years and my teenager calls it the 'snobby" mall.  Just last year there was no place to even get an ice cream for her, so she was thrilled to see a place that sells ice cream in the food court.   We were  here because she was walking in a fashion show so we decided to just roam around.  We went into neumann Marcus and she picked up a cute dress to see a price tag of $800.  This is not the kind of a mall to shop in when you are budgeting or are just plan cheap. The mall caters to the upper income people, and you could feel a little out of place wearing casual clothing, but I did notice most of the people walking around were quite casual. Nice enough mall though.  We were staying at the Crowne Plaza across the street, so the food court was a great choice instead of the pricey, low quality meals at the hotel.
An extremely pushy blonde young man sold me a pot and tea to the tune of $400.  The tea pot did not work at all, due to the too small size of the strainer.  I tried five times to make a drinkable cup of tea and could not.  They would not give me a refund, only a credit, so I was stuck buying another expensive teapot there.  Be very very careful what you buy.  Their return policy is terrible, and not everything works.
Love this mall.  When ever i go to visit family i find myself here.
This mall has a lot to offer so I dont think my review will do it justice.  I will give the highlights that stick out in my feeble mind. You can buy a Tesla. They have an Apple store. There are many ways into the mall.  Dont forget where you parked.  Also dont lose your parking ticket. There is a Ben & Jerrys.  Order a Vermonster. You can buy Prada bags and Louis Vuitton bags and Burberry bags and Tory Burch bags and other expensive stuff. They have an Elizabeth Arden Red Door to make you bootiful. You can learn about tea at the Starbucks of tea, Teavana. They have a Lego store where you can build a tower of Duplo blocks to the ceiling. And thats all i have to say about that.
My favorite mall in New York! The Westchester is the complete opposite of the the ghetto fabulous nearby Galleria. This mall has a lot of upscale stores with a huge selection of clothes, shoes and accessories for women, men and children. There's something here for everyone! I used visit at this mall every weekend or whenever I could get a day to myself. The only thing I would change is the limit food court.
The Westchester to me is the White Plains equivalent of Roosevelt Field, albeit on a much smaller scale. That being said, this is A MUCH nicer mall than that ghetto playground called The Galleria. Lots of high end stores, clean, decent enough food court. Overall really nice. I sometimes pop in for lunch when I'm working in the area, or otherwise just to pick up a few things. Also do some incognito gift shopping during those special times ;-) Overall just a very nice mall. Do check it out!
My favorite mall in the universe, with everything you want (as long as it's upscale). I wish the parking was a little less of a challenge, however.
One of the mall I love going to .. It's just 15 minutes away from home. A beautiful mall with its upscale stores. Sometimes you find good deals here but most of the time it's pricey. A lot of Good parking. I never had a problem . Just the food court with not too much selection except for the PF Chang which is almost packed. A place still I love going to. Nice mall, branded stores and a good parking.
I am from Australia & my first experience at The Westchester was last December. A great selection of shops, including the designer stores. Convenient parking facilities; good selection in the food court. Overall, I gave it a rating of 8.5 out of 10.
Lots of upscale stores at this mall, as well as the every day favorites. The setup here is great because the mall doesn't seem crowded even when it is busy. You aren't tripping over other shoppers, strollers and packs of kids. It makes for a much more pleasurable experience, and ultimately I was willing to stay longer. The parking garage is definitely hectic and tight. Be sure to watch yourself as people jockey for available spots. They also charge for parking which is a bit annoying. Not much of a food court, so don't come here hungry.
This mall has a plethora of swanky, upscale stores.  Crate & Barrel, Pottery Barn, Coach, Michael Kors, Louis Vuitton, Sephora, etc.  For living in the suburbs, it's one of the better places to shop that isn't in the middle of New York City.  Although, because of the posh franchises that you'll find there, expect to pay $$$.  I didn't check out the food court really, except to get some ice cream, and then back to shopping again.
Pros: Lots of upscale stores not found in most malls Most of the mall is carpeted, which is nice The mall is very large, three full floors of stores Covered parking garage, no need to worry about the elements Cons: Food court sucks Garage parking is not free Only sit down restaurant is P.F. Chang's Layout is confusing for first time visitors
***Shopped around with the birthday man in November 2013! :) This Simon mall has a lot of high end stores, such as Burberry, Coach, Dooney & Bourke, Gucci, Kate Spade, Louis Vuitton, and Tory Burch.. which are mostly located in the lower level.  Sadly, we did a lot of window-shopping only because the sales were not as great and most of the items were not as afforadable as we thought.  Nonetheless, it helped us spend some quality time together!  This is a great mall for wanderers like us hehe.. ***Maybe I'll come back if I need something specific.  But this is definitely not my ideal shopping place for regular items. ---Extremely clean ---Small food court on the third floor ---Stop by Starbucks! ---Movie theater inside mall ---Some salesmen may be rude ---Lots of parking space The General Westchester Mall Hours: Monday to Saturday: 10am - 9pm Sunday: 11am - 6:30pm ***Check the website for special hours. simon.com/mall/the-westc…
It's a relatively upscale and large  mall, with ample parking, and a  Nordstrom, which generally works well for my wardrobe needs, including a well stocked men's shoe department. The food court is uninspiring, but there are in store restaurants and several more choices nearby.
it's a nicely kept mall, but i can't really connect with 90% of the stores in here. BBB, Starbucks, Claire's, Nordy's, etc... alright, OK... alright, OK. sometimes i just need to hit up a Hot Topic, Clarie's or VS to bullsh&t around. i DO end up buying stuff... but it mostly consists of Teavana, Teavana, Teavana! LOL. i love that a movie theater is attached to the mall. super convenient. the parking is never difficult and the food court is never packed. the food court sucks, but who goes to Westchester to eat a food court? well, ME. hahaha. i'm a broke kid who lives in Bushwick. window shopping at The Westchester depresses me immensely. however, who doesn't like to pretend they're frou-frou or upscale sometimes? fact: i used to live in the upper-class suburbs back on the westcoast, so i'm used to stuff like Nordy's and such. i miss places like that! Macy's is retarded and we may have the world's biggest in NYC... i don't care for it.
Comfortable upscale mall - great for window shopping and just walking around on a cold Sunday afternoon. Upscale Clothes / Jewelry / Baggage stores rule here. Exceptions which stand out - Apple store, Bose, and Brookstone - the wonderful store that"s fun to enter - filled with stuff that no one needs. Just opened - Lego store for kids which is too small. Neiman Marcus & Nordstrom provide strong anchors while Crate & Barrel is worth a visit. Food court offers standard options which is surprising. You would expect more unique dining options here. Lone restaurant is P.F Chang's as City Limits is long gone. Parking spacious enough but you must "pay to spend".
Clean mall, upscale. The floors are carpeted! Be prepared to spend $$$ while you shop in most of the stores here. The salespeople in some of the stores can be a pain in the butt. "Hello miss! Do you know what you'd like to buy today?" No, that's why I wandered in. It's like a five minute dialogue that convinces me the employees who pull this stunt either love to hear themselves talk or they're just totally clueless. I try to be polite, but if they follow me around half the store, harassing me, and they STILL don't get the hint that I don't care about what they're telling me... gah. Perfect example: some chick at the Victoria's Secret shop. I was checking out a bra and she ran up to me (after I had to run away from her when I first entered) and asked in this scandalized voice, "You KNOW what that DOES, right?" I stared at her, suddenly alarmed that I picked up some demon-possessed bra. "Umm, it cushions my boobs?" "No, it increases your cleavage by TWO cup sizes!" Well thank you captain obvious. That's what the sign claimed. (It actually does what a bra is advertised to do--for once). People don't know how to drive in the parking lot. You also have to pay for parking. You CANNOT make eye contact with ANY of the vendors in the center of the walkways.... Just don't do it. If they catch you looking, they view it as a sign of vulnerability and will swoop down on you. And before you realize it, the people at the Dead Sea salt scrub stand are scrubbing your hands and jabbering on and on about the restorative properties of the salt. Just do yourself a favor and stare straight ahead when you walk past those people. Food court is on the third floor. There's only two things I'd consider eating up there: froyo (overpriced) and the bakery-ish place to the left.
The Westchester is a staple of this area. The mall is very classy and generally safe. The stores are high-end with a few affordable ones mixed in, but overall I don't get much when I go. It is still a great one to walk around for the day to have a look at all of the designer shops. Parking is a bit pricey. The food court also doesn't have great options, but overall worth a visit.
I trekked up here from the City to shop at Nordstrom. The mall is pretty nice. Its a mall managed by a company called Simon, known for their malls. Actually Simon runs two malls in White Plains within minutes of each other - The Galleria and The Westchester. The Westchester is the mall has more upscale shops while the Galleria has more moderately priced shops. The two anchor tenants are Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus, and the smaller boutiques that attract the "discerning" shoppers like Burberry, Gucci, J. Jill, Lilly Pulitzer, Salvatore Ferragamo. But every store here won't burn a hole in your wallet. There are moderately priced shops like Gap, Banana Republic, Clarks, Easy Spirit, Lids.  There's a food court on the fourth level, but its oddly located as the mall doesn't have a full fourth floor. Its smaller, but has good options - Nathans, Au Bon Pain, Ben & Jerrys, Bourbon Street Grill to name a few. I'm writing this review as a public transit rider (I don't own a car) so its conveniently located about 10 minutes away from the White Plains Metro North railroad station and transit hub. There are plenty of taxis and public buses (Westchester County Bee Line system and the "I-Bus") that will take you between the mall and the station. The Bee Line buses take Metrocards. But be aware that public bus lines up there are not too frequent on weekends, particularly on Sundays.
I love shopping at the Westchester!  They have the best in quality and walking around is a treat in and of itself.  The parking is easy and the stores are laid out very well.  The food court could be expanded a bit, but I usually eat in the department stores anyway.
Upscale. Snotty. Pretentious. Rich bitches with hot boyfriends. Teeny-bopper gave me the finger as I waited for her parking spot. No need to shop where guidos wear their sunglasses at night.
Dude... you know that show "Super Sweet 16" on MTV?  You HAVE to know it.  It's one of those shows that represents the downfall of American society and yet is completely mesmerizing-- people like this actually exist?   Yes.  Yes, they do.  And you can find them ALL in the Westchester Mall in White Plains prancing around with their parents' credit cards like they own the place (who knows, they might).  I was here for the first time in about 2 years today and I remembered why I don't come here. Recommended venue, though, if you're in the mood to self flagellate.
The Westchester is a mid-size mostly upscale mall that features a strong array of mid-market and high end stores.  It's convenient in that many of the stores here are also off-shoots of larger New York locations which saves shoppers from having to travel into the city, but the selection is not as varied as comparable malls. Pros: -Contains a solid collection of reputable retailers that range from mid to high end, including the anchors (Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus).  High end tenants include Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Theory, Vince, among others. -Attractive interiors and overall pleasant ambiance. -Easily accessible from the highway, and close to other major commercial centers/stores. Cons: -Paid parking only (no free parking anywhere). -Not enough variety when it comes to finding more moderately priced stores. -Food court selection is pitiful. -The turnover rate is unusually high. Overall: A great option if you're looking for Fifth/Madison Avenue-type retail but don't want to travel into Manhattan from the suburbs.  Otherwise, it's a pretty space that's just kind of whatever.  At least Urban Outfitters is opening soon.
The stores and stuff is little on higher spectrum, but make sure you do not have to use the restrooms. I visited yesterday and had to use the male restroom next to Timberland. It was pretty disgusting. All toilets clogged with a ton of paper and human waste. The floor was smeared. The stink was beyond what I could tolerate. The security personnel had no idea who I could talk to. The lady at the guest service counter treated me as if I am complaining about something that is alright. Looks clean otherwise but the restroom, yikes!!! (I have pictures if someone must see them.) (I am sure some nasty patron must have messed all up, but its housekeeping job to keep it clean. Even Target restrooms are clean, actually squeaky clean..)
Pretty good mall as far as malls go. They have a bit of everything there, from the ultra high end shops like Louis Vuitton to low end crap like the Zen Store which is the perfect spot for all of your incense needs. They also a bunch of shops you'd actually consider buying something from, like the Gap, JCrew, etc. Very pleasant to walk around here given the big skylights and abundant light. Parking is plentiful too, and you can even pay with a credit card. Just a word of caution; there tends to be a minor hoodlum element present from time to time, so watch your iPhone.
