After spending three years living in Maine, and having friends and family work seasonally for the company, I am a fan of LL Bean. Not necessarily the stores, but the company in general. This store definitely brings the appearance that is recognizable to the LL Bean image and staff is friendly.  I would say though, don't expect to find a particular item here. They have limited inventory and I can't imagine their turnover is huge so sizing is limited for clothing and footwear. Their prices are no deal either since it is not an outlet. So if you are looking for something particular and in a particular size, buy online or through their catalog since that is what they spend most of their marketing on anyways. Even with that said, this store's employees were very helpful and friendly and I was able to find the backpack and flashlight I was looking for!
Store workers were great and accommodating. However it is my opinion that the products are ridiculously overpriced. I looked at back packs, small ones. 125 dollars for something made in Vietnam!!!! Are you kidding me... what a rip-off. There is no way a fabric pack made in Vietnam can cost that much and not be at least 75 dollars over priced. I looked at a few for 80 and 60 dollars, and the quality was nothing better than what I'd find a K-Mart for crying out loud. In addition Ridge Hill is some kind of weird trendy wannabe shopping area, min parking is 3 bucks per hour or something like that... they got rid of the parking meters and made everything a no parking zone... avoid it.
Well I was hoping to come to this store and see more LL bean stuff in person that you just can't quite get from the seeing in person.   The problem is the shopping complex isn't quite built yet and there are no maps to where everything is.  It is very hard to find any store in this outdoor complex.  Also parking is not free in this area.  You have to either find meter street parking or a parking lot.   The inventory in the store is no way close to the items on the website.  There is very limited items in the store and due to the size it can be hard to find help.  I spent about 10 mins to find a person to look for an item.  They were very helpful once I was able to get to somebody.   I would say stick to the website or another store for now, unless things change.
So I went shopping at LL bean the previous week and got a coupon with my purchase, and long story short... I lost the coupon.  So I spoke to LL Bean online and they said no worries they can fix it in the store.  Perfect! So I go into the store first thing I do is make sure they can, a sales associate speaks to the manager and she say sure just tell them at the register.  So I get my item and get to the register and I get this grumpy sales associate (probably because of the crazy holiday season) and she pretty much says nope you lost it too bad.  Ok not what I wanted to hear so now I'm a bit upset. I go speak to the same manager that the previous sales associate spoke to and she was AMAZING!  she probably realized that I was upset after I had just been told it was fine, by her and online, and completely rectified the situation.  Ya know if I had just left they wouldn't have made any money, but since she fixed the situation not only did I but something this time but I will definitely come back again! Ginny, the amazing manager was so nice, and no wonder she is a manager because she's excellent with people. I also don't want the one bad sales associate to be a reflection of all the sales associates.  The one I got probably just has had a stressful day/week. I have shopped here before and have had really pleasant experiences.  I love the staff because they seem to be knowledgable about the products they sell and stand by them! I will definitely shop here again!
I'll welcome the grand, outdoorsy expertise of a Maniac (people from Maine) any day. You know ... teach an asphalt kissing slicker how to survive outside the house. L.L. Bean's slowly developing store on Ridge Hill can help me and you out with that. Just as long as you're fine with a comparatively small L.L. Bean establishment accompanied by a bad case of the disoraganizania. They do try their best to separate their clothes by gender, but I ended wandering around the store in a circle. After ten minutes or so, I found what I was looking for - a nice, grey trench coat. A nice, grey trench coat for 149.99$. Cotton on the outside and man made materials within. I'm assuming it was expertly crafted by a sweatshop worker in China, too. The term 'made in China' stirs a bit of distaste within me. Oh, the dark shadow beneath this L.L. Bean store and the L.L. Bean company amuses me in a stringently negative way. I'll still buy their stuff though. The name was forged in America and the trench coat is still pretty darn warm. Hopefully, it will last me quite a while. I'm also hoping for this new L.L. Bean to get it's act together. If you've been to the L.L. Bean "HQ" in Portland, Maine, you'll know the truth about a real L.L. Bean store.
Great large store.Has alot of stuff there.All types of outdoors stuff and monogramming. Only thing is the shoes are not laid out they are in the back so you need someone to get them for you.
We visited the store today for the first time.  I was pretty dissappointed.  I expected something comparable to the Cabela's or Bass Pro Shops stores.  It was far from that.  I was expecting try on and buy some waders but they only stocked a couple.  The fishing department was very minimal.  I was hoping to buy some flannel shirts.  I found one that I liked a lot, but I'm not paying $65 for a flannel shirt..  I've been a mail order customer customer of LL Bean for several decades and have been to the main store in Freeport a few times.  This place is a far cry from that.
