Make sure you bring a blanket and water...you'll want to stay longer than just a walk I've been coming to this park since the early 90s.  It has changed in some respects, but it has not lost its beauty.  You can enjoy a good walk in this park and explore the scenery.  During the day, there are usually some of the more elderly population of the community taking a walk for their own exercise.  You sometimes also see professionals from the surrounding schools and businesses, taking their lunch at the park.  The park itself has a list of activities it holds during the mornings, days, and evenings.  You can find this schedule upon walking into the park. One awesome feature about this park is this house that sits mid-way in the lower portion of the park, which belonged to the keeper of the park in the past century.  So, there are some historical references to learn more about the park. Recently, I've noticed there is a family of Muskrats living in the park for the past two years.  A friend of mine has renamed the field they are most seen at, Muskrat field.  The animals are that visible.  They are passive and when threatened they retreat into the mystery of the bushes.  Muskrat field also features an array of raspberry trees from which to pick once the fruit is ripe.  I've tried them and they are delicious.  There are currently no regulations in place in regards to the picking of the berry so therefore if you find yourself here again, feel free to enjoy fresh raspberries.   If you continue walking through the park, towards the Dyckman area, you will eventually run into the large kids' playground filled with swing sets, monkey bars, and other fun activities.
As I was walking into the park (one of hundreds of times), I see this Spanish guy dancing in a black suit - like some Dominican Zoro. Not sure if he was drunk but nobody does the macarena anymore (unless you're drunk and white). As I walk into the parque,he does a spin move into my face and says, "You can't touch this"...then he spins away like a little tornado. THIS is why I love Fort Tryon, and specifically Washington Heights; best part of NYC. The park is AMAZING. Las flores son espectaculares. Best workout in the city are the winding stairs up to the Cloisters. Speaking of the Cloisters...go there, it's marvelous. My favorite part of the park is overlooking the Hudson and the medieval influence on the structure and architecture. It's a gem, one of the reasons I love living in Washington Heights. GO.
This place is huge!  I definitely didn't feel like I was in New York anymore.  It took forever and a day to get here, especially with the trains not running above 110th St this past weekend (omg...).  It's a peaceful respite from the city and can be quite the hike with a few steep sections.  I don't think I'll return considering the long trip to get here, but it's worth checking out once. Check out The Cloisters museum while you're here for some good medieval art.  (Ticket prices there are always pay-what-you-wish.)
beautiful and very big park!
One may ask why there are so many wedding party people in this park..... to which I respond... Because its Frickin' Gorgeous!! So many places to sit and relax or walk around or sit on a park bench and watch the sun set! This place is amaz--balls!!!!
I will have to use my imagination to review this park, as I came here on a cold grey spring day! The trees were still bare and there was not a single flower in bloom! But I have seen the pictures of this park in late spring, summer and fall and they were beautiful! Fort Tryon is out of the way, but it's easily reachable via the A train. The main entrance to the park is right off 190 St stop. There's a restaurant in the park, although it's a little pricey. Restrooms are located towards the back of the building that houses the restaurant and near the Alpine Garden. There are a few parking spots in the park. Fort Tryon is located at one of the highest points in Manhattan. It has spectacular views of the Hudson and Harlem river, the New Jersey Palisades and GWB.  The park has a number of trails, most of them are paved. Because of the elevation, walking on the trails can be a decent workout. Fort Tryon is home to The Cloisters, the branch of The Metropolitan Museum of Art devoted to the art and architecture of medieval Europe. They have some good artifacts, if you're into that sort of stuff! Great way to spend a nice day!
My husband and I has a romantic time at this tucked away hidden secret in Manhattan (YES in Manhattan )!   Let's start with how easy it was to get to this park- even for a Midtown'er like myself- who thinks 96th street is far North!   We initially took a cab ride to the park, but as we were leaving the park we saw an entrance to the A train !!!!!  Which we took to go home, 40 min ride, not bad for $2.50.   Back to the park, wow, the heather garden was beautiful and well kept.  Then we explored all the nooks and crannies of the park where you could see beautiful views of the Hudson.   The park was not overcrowded or full of tourists.  It even has it's own restaurants.   Heads up, there is not much rooms for games or sports, a few spots to sunbath, but otherwise most of this park is shady.  It's a must visit!
Beautiful park, quiet, secluded, safe. Great for a walk. The grounds aren't the best for sunbathing, very rocky; or maybe I just picked the wrong lawn. Sheep Meadow in Central Park would be a better choice. Come later in the evening to catch fireflies - they're everywhere.
So lush and resplendent with rolling hills that you'd almost forget you were in Manhattan. Truly stunning to think that most of the region north of 125th Street was once wild and untamed. Fort Tryon Park provides a glimpse of this.
This is a hidden gem uptown. Where to start... great place to go relax and read a book. Want to catch some sun? Plenty of lawn space to do that. If you are a runner, also a great spot. You can do 5k or more, but be warned that it's pretty hilly. It also has the Cloisters museum which is part of the Met, so a little bit of everything. Come here with friends or alone, this place will not disappoint!
Visitors to NYC might have the idea that it's all towering skyscrapers, steel and concrete, a sunless labyrinth crowded by hustling, bustling mobs of everybody. That's true, in some places, especially in Manhattan. But it's wholly wrong in others. Fort Tryon Park is a prime example. Located in the northwestern corner of Manhattan, the park is a quiet, peaceful, charming retreat from the madding crowd. Built by Frederick Law Olmstead Jr. (whose father built Central Park), it offers easy, paved pathways for strolling, fine views of the Hudson River, well-tended gardens, natural beauty, and fine picturesque features (occasional benches, lampposts, etc. ). Best of all, it's free. Now, let's be honest: most out-of-towners who venture to this far corner of Manhattan will be en route to The Cloisters, that magnificent branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art which is located within the grounds of Fort Tryon Park. If you are one planning such a visit, I do not blame you one bit. But I suggest you add an hour or two, to simply enjoy these settings. It's as well-groomed and well-kept as its better-known uncle, but much less crowded, more personal and reflective and peaceful. In a word, it's beautiful. When I visited, in late summer, the air was alive with birdsong, the bushes laughed with the scampering of squirrels, grand trees proclaimed their supremacy over granite boulders, and the adjoining Hudson River plodded along, ignoring history and everything in it. Fort Tryon Park itself is a grand destination. The park is pet-friendly, and all the pet owners I saw were pet-friendly too: all dogs were leashed and closely tended, and I saw no canine leavings on the lawns. I did see some untended housecats, possibly domestics gone feral. There are some (surprisingly secluded) activity venues within the park. Glancing over a rock outcropping, I spied a volleyball court hidden in the woods below. Other facilities may be hidden elsewhere. Finding them will be much like exploring in the woods. The park also features puzzling non-historical markers. "Abby's Lawn," one says. Who was Abby? What had she to do with this lawn? Nothing is there to inform you. It's a mystery. There is one restaurant located within the park grounds, the New Leaf. I did not stop there and can say nothing of its worthiness. It has its own website. I would recommend Fort Tryon Park to anyone who was planning to visit The Cloisters, located within. I would suggest adding at least an hour or two to your plans, simply to enjoy the park. For those arriving by subway, disregard the instructions to walk up Margaret Corbin Drive, and walk through the park instead. It's well worth the extra couple of minutes. For visitors lodging near George Washington Bridge, this wonderful oasis is practically on your doorstep, and parking is available.
Holy cow, what a gem!  I almost don't want to tell you about this gorgeous park for fear that word will spread and soon this place will be as packed as Central Park.... But, I also feel that I have to spread the word. This weekend, get on the "A" train and take it all the way to 190th St (about 30-40 min from midtown).  Get off the train, and voile! Paradise right on Manhattan!  If the rolling green hills, plethora of trees and flowers, and quiet little walkways aren't enough for you, check out the epic views of the Hudson River.  Bring a picnic, a bottle of wine, and a blanket, and settle in for a lovely afternoon.  Alternatively, walk about 10 minutes through the park to get to The Cloisters, a collection of medieval art, stained glass windows, and gardens.  Perfect date day.
This is my FAVORITE park in NYC. Winding trails, cliff views of the Hudson, gorgeous flowers and trees. The Cloisters are nestled in the middle along with New Leaf, a wonderful little restaurant that appears thru the trees like a fairytale cottage.
I don't give 5-stars often (ok... not THAT often), but Fort Tryon Park is, hands down, the best park in NYC. Located slightly-out-of-the-way in Washington Heights (the A express train usually gets there pretty timely), Fort Tryon Park is the massive slab of wall you see immediately to your left. Though the entrance itself is very nondescript and looks like a pretty standard park, it is the "hike" to the top that will yield the real reward. Once you make your way to the top, you will find yourself in a parking zone with a set of signs pointing to the actual Fort Tryon park. As you make your way inside, you will notice flower gardens, beautiful scenery and spacious meadows (well, patches of grassy field, but close enough). You will also see ledges that offers a breathtaking view of the Hudson river and George Washington Bridge. Bring some blankets, set up camp, and enjoy the beautiful weather. This is pretty much the perfect spot for a picnic. The best part? No aggressive runners who get mad at you for walking slightly in their way, no obnoxious tourists taking pictures of every little thing, no little kids crying, etc... Given everything, Fort Tryon is more than worth the commute.
I live about 45 minutes via A train from Fort Tryon...yet this is my FAVORITE PLACE IN NEW YORK CITY. I'm reluctant to write that because it can already get a little crowded and, well, I'd like it to not be that way. Besides the fact that the Cloisters is right there and you can visit a really unique off-shoot of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, this park is INSANELY gorgeous. There are families having fun and lounging, couples strolling hand-in-hand, rock climbers bouldering it, museum-goers, cute dogs, flowers, blooming trees, PING PONG tables (?!?!?!!!!!), and the most ridiculous and peaceful view you can get on this side of the hudson. I feel consistently refreshed whenever I spend some time here...THEEEEE HILLLLLLLS ARE ALIVEEEEEEEE WITH THE SOUNDDDD OF MUSICCCCC...LAAAALAAALAAALAAA. If you have the time and an unlimited metrocard (or hell, even a limited one), PLEASE come here and gander and the graces of the world. I'm in a love state...with Fort Tryon.
I remember coming here in college, was one of the first Parks in the city that I seen other than Central Park. I couldn't believe that we were still in NYC!!!!!! Absolutely loved it!
This is a lovely park. Very big, comes with a dog run, you barely notice the city. Very nice views of the Hudson/New Jersey! There's also the Cloisters museum in the park, which I haven't been to but it's supposed to be nice.
I live about 10 minutes away here and live walking on nice days. This is a beautiful park even on snowy days. Great for day dates and exercise.
Fort Tryon is probably the best park in New York -- better even in some ways than Central Park because it's not overrun by everyone. City management is often an excuse-generating machine for why you shouldn't demand much in exchange for your taxes, but Fort Tyron is a sign that the City can actually maintain a decent park when they try to -- if only the other 100 parks could be anything like this. In fact, I'd put Fort Tryon up against the parks from nearly anywhere (for the record, I think the historical section of Savanna, GA has some of the best maintained parks in the eastern US). There is an ornate heather garden with a patchwork of flowers in bloom in the spring, summer, and fall. Much of the park offers sweeping views across the mighty Hudson. Stop and really look at the trees. These are not the trees that they sink on your street corner that struggle to survive, or some Ginko that drops festering globs on the ground that get stuck in your shoes. For example, a noble oak with an enormous bough reaches right over the the path just before the steps at the end of the garden. You'll know if when you see it. You'll really need to search to find two things that you'll see in abundance in most New York parks: massive amounts of dog waste and trash. It's as though people actually clean up after themselves if they think it's a respected space. It's quiet because they haven't caved and allowed a dog run; although, there is some noise from the West Side Highway, which is right there unfortunately. You might still see a few animals in there, such as skunks. I know this is still Manhattan. I don't know how they got there and if they took the PATH in from New Jersey, but I'd caution people to stay on the paths. I started to explain this to one lady one morning, and she gave me an entitled response as she let her dog off its leash. Within 20 seconds the dog ran into the woods and up to a skunk and got sprayed right in the face. I felt sorry for the dog -- but it's really the owner's fault for putting the dog in that situation. Dogs are curious and sometimes the leash law is there to protect you. Rather than insist that Jennifer Hoppa, the park administrator, go out and capture a skunk, just stay on the paths.
Talk about the THE JEWEL IN THE NILE! this is a hidden treasure, best-kept secret in upper Manhattan! Breathtaking views of the Hudson; well-maintained gardens and parks; surprising wildlife; plenty of places to do your yoga or tai chi routines, or sit, sunbathe, jog, walk, meditate, frisby, etc.
I came out here on a Sunday to visit The Cloisters. After the time spent in New York's concrete streets, it was a welcome change. Beautiful, tranquil gardens, it almost feels like you could get lost in them, but I'm guessing by the maps you'd find your way easily enough.  I walked on the river side with its breathtaking views. For a Sunday it was pretty quiet I thought, so during the week must be even quieter, would be worth a visit then I think. I can't help but think spring, earlier autumn or after snow, it must be a magical place. If I go back to New York, i'll be revisiting.
Fort Tryon Park is gorgeous. When you visit this place you can't believe you're still in Manhattan. The views of the Hudson are breathtaking. It feels like you're in upstate New York. Visiting The Cloisters is a lot of fun. There is also a restaurant, New Leaf, that is worth checking out. The food is a tad pricey but it is worth eating at for the unique rustic atmosphere.   One minor warning - Fort Tryon Park is very hilly. It can be a bit tiring walking through the park, especially if you are older or not in great shape. The flip side of this is that it is an excellent park for a challenging run or hike. Overall, this is a great park to spend the day for a mini staycation.
Fort Tyron Park is GORGEOUS!  If you're looking for a quick escape, this place is it. One of highest points in Manhattan - overlooking the Hudson River and the Palisades.  Home to Cloisters.  Easily accessible by train or a short car ride.  I love NY!
A public park located in Washington Heights, it overlooks the Hudson and Harlem Rivers, the George Washington Bridge and New Jersey Palisades.  During the American Revolutionary War Battle of Fort Washington in November of 1776, this park served as an ancillary site.  Margaret Corbin, the first woman to fight in the war, was wounded during the battle--hence why the southern entrance to the park bears her name.  The site of Fort Washington is actually in Bennett Park, but the outpost was named after the British Governor of the Province of New York: Sir William Tryon.   The area became a part of an estate with many wealthy owners including Dr. Samuel Watkins (founder of Watkins Glen), General Daniel Butterfield, Boss Tweed and C.K.G. Billings.  Rockefeller Jr. purchased the Billings estate in 1817 and hired Frederick Law Olmstead Jr. (the son of the designer of Central Park) to come up with a plan for a park that he would then give to the city.   Did I learn any of that in the free tours they give 1 Sunday a month?  Nope.  That tour consisted of walking through Heather Garden and naming every SINGLE plant you could possibly see.  While I was bored to tears, the other tour goers seemed to be really into it (and I'm sure Dad would have been too). I had to skip out early.
Amazing place for a stroll and to discover the beauty of the northern most part of Manhattan. Surrounding the Cloisters, Fort Tryon Park is a hidden gem. I moved into the area last year and absolutely fell in love. Please visit and don't be afraid to wander the place. Enjoy a picnic, sunbathing and absorb the gorgeous views of the bridges and river. It also serves for great photo ops. I love visiting. It's quiet, peaceful and great for meditating or some time away from the chaos that is New York City. You will not be disappointed, venture out of downtown ;)
This is my favorite park in NYC. So many paths to explore, with great views of both the Hudson and the east/Manhattan/Bronx from the top terraces. Great areas to bring a blanket and just relax. Fort Tryon will always hold a special place in my heart.
great park i hope to lose my virginity here once I find Mrs. Right :)
Me:"I wanna go to fort tryon park the next time I come" friend whose lived here for over ten years: "where's that?" Me: "you know,  in Washington heights? Where you used to live??" My point?  Yea, I guess a lot of people don't know about this totally gorgeous park. Its named after the last british governor before new york finally became part of the u.s. but beautiful beautiful views of the hudson, palisades, george Washington bridge, and  Washington heights.  The museum "the cloisters" is in the middle. Be warned, it sits on a cliff sort of high up over looking the hudson so wear good walking shoes.   There's tons of flowers and birds (chirping-I think thats all I heard). Meandering trails wind around and down towards the river. Its easyto get to, just take the A train to either 190th and then take elevator waaaay up to the top, or get out at the next stop at dyckman. (Closer to cloisters, but no elevator and the walk up is steep!!) Beautiful park-- one of my fav things in the city so far! !
People get overly excited about central park, and I let them, that way I get to have Fort Tryon all to myself... well, and those other Fort Tryon lovers. Fort Tryon is uptown, and if you are going up from Dyckman is a bit of hike up, but if you go around the time the sun is setting you will have a beautiful view of the river, the sunset, new jersey and the george washington bridge. The park has a many  benches along the way, and is home to the Cloisters, a museum that is part of the Met. I like to go up by the garden and there sit and have picnics and enjoy the great view of the river. I feel like this park has a little bit of everything therefore it caters to everyone. But also due to the fact that is uptown, and not as easy to reach certain areas, during the summer is not like super packed like Central Park can be. And I know, I keep referencing back to central park, but it's only because I think this park is up to par, perhaps even better... If you are visiting, or you are a local you must come here for a sunset and you will be in love with this park as much as I am.
... I was born in NYC. I grew up in NYC. And it took me THIS LONG to discover this park! What a refreshing escape from the confines of the city. My friends and I took the A train up to Fort Tryon Park this past weekend because we wanted to visit the MET cloisters and boy were we surprised. Beautiful trails (both paved and unpaved) winding through gardens and a gorgeous view of the river. You can't really ask for more! We did think it was funny however that we could hear the sounds of the city (ie cars) but couldn't see anything as it was all blocked by trees. A place you must visit if you have some free time in NYC.
I came here because I saw the medieval festival posted on the yelp event page, so I decided to check it out. For the festival it was a pain to get to. Normally you can park in the park, but since it was the festival, had to take the train. I had to go up hill and through stairs to get to the festival. That was a small workout in itself. This medieval festival is no where near as good as medieval times in New Jersey, but it was still fun. Lots of little shops with a medieval theme to it. They sold medieval perfumes, medieval clothes, mini catapults, swords, etc. Please explain to me how a medal sword can cost as low as $35, but a wooden sword costs $50. Wow!!! They do have performances like a medieval dance routines, storytelling, music playing, of course knight battles. That's what we came for right. The served typical street festival food like fried dough, lemonade, Greek food, but they also served huge turkey legs, chicken on sticks, beef stew in a bread, clam chowders. I had the turkey leg which was not bad. I couldn't finish it though. For $10 was a rip off, but I was hungry. They also served alcohol like beer, but more of those classy style beers. They also had wine samplings . Who says you can't drink at a park. The park itself had some gorgeous views. I wish I had taken more pictures. I bet it's a great place to walk around if there wasn't a festival going on. Definitely will have to check it out again. Definitely a nice walk around the park. Overall the festival was fun. I definitely prefer medieval times over the medieval festival. Definitely has some lovely views. Will check it out one day again.
I live one block away from here, but I choose to go up to Inwood Hill Park for the simple fact that I am sick and tired of looking at all the McDonald's napkins that have been used as toilet paper that litter every single path and stairway of this park. They should open up a washroom or clean up after their homeless guests. Yes, the place is a nice layout and has beautiful view, but I'd rather not wade through piles of poopy brown toilet squares. Also, every entrance to this park has a no smoking sign, but guess what... This is where kids go to smoke blunts, and every other dog walker has a cigarette in his hand. The signs need to be much much bigger and/or painted on the path. Now a days you have to go inside to get some fresh air... Overall, this is a beautiful park with a great reputation. I've just never seen anyone clean it, ever.
The views of the Hudson from here are beautiful. Nice gardens . Nice walkways. The benches are situated perfectly so you can spend the day looking at the Hudson River high up. You can bring food or you can go the restaurant there I forgot the name but it looked like a cozy place. Beautiful park.
I am so lucky to live across the road from this beautiful park -- and my dogs have never been happier. Fort Tryon is filled with trees, beautiful gardens, various terrain and lots of clean lawn areas that demand to be picnicked on. It is really quite serene to stroll through here on a quiet morning. It seems that not too many people know about it.
If I'm in a park-type of mood, in Manhattan and have a day or afternoon to kill - I'll skip all the touristy parks further downtown and I'm taking my ass uptown to Fort Tryon Park for a little northern Manhattan getaway. Like it's sister park nearby, Inwood Hill Park, Fort Tryon Park is a nice sized, clean park on the northern tip of Manhattan with amazing views, various terrain and holds the Cloisters museum at the top of the "hill". While a lot of the more famous parks in NYC are all manicured and pretty, Fort Tryon has a bunch of natural greenery, lots of exposed rock, some pretty steep hills and a number of secret little coves and spots. Spending some time in here, you really disconnect from the hustle and bustle that is Manhattan and maybe for a little bit - almost forget your in the city that never sleeps. On days when you want to get your culture on, you can always check out the Cloisters as well, which is a trip you should make, in and of itself. Now I get it, you might Google map this park and be like "Damn! It's an hour train ride from Lower Manhattan just to get there!" but trust me, come check it out. When it comes to NYC Parks, Fort Tryon is a definite hidden gem.
I don't think very many New Yorkers know about this place. I came here with one of my BFFs that lives in NYC (has been for the last 3+ years) and my finance who was born in NYC and grew up right across the bridge from NYC. They both have never heard of this place. The first thing my friend said was "WOW. NATURE IN NYC. WOW." Needless to say, he enjoyed coming here! This place on a Saturday afternoon was definitely not as highly traffic'd like that at Central Park. We saw dogwoods (or were they cherry blossoms) and had a nice view of the Hudson River. What a nice place to go to walk your dog, stroll, or have lunch! This is a nice place to meander as you make your way to the Cloisters.
Uptown Gold. Ft. Tryon is the crown jewel of upper Manhattan.  Only 60 some acres, but feels so huge because of the hills and trees.  So much to explore.  See the Heather Garden, Sir William's Dog Run, the Alpine Garden, and the Cloisters.
Once upon a time when I was a freshman at NYU I met the dumbest boy ever. He took all of our friends up to Fort Tryon Park to have a nice picnic. Good. Then he wanted to go home without going into The Cloisters. WTF?!?!?! He didn't even know there was a museum. Who  the fuck goes all the way up to 190th street from mutherfuqqin' west 4th to just sit in Fort Tryon?! Well, recently, I skipped around the heather and realized that misguided tool had a point about coming here just for the park. It is stupefyingly gorgeous and you can have a good time all on to its own. IF YOU LIVE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD. If you don't, holy fuck wtf go into The Cloisters for like a hot second because you're a fool not to get into that business. The Rockefellers bought an entire stretch of New Jersey so that it would never be developed--- the only thing besides trees that you see is a little austere white building, it's a Dominican Monastery. Every Christmas the monks come out and chant at The Cloisters. What's even better is the Middle Ages Festival that takes place the first Sunday of October at Fort Tryon. What's even betterer is that my wedding will take place near a sheer cliff (covered in ivy) of the George Washington Bridge with our guests overlooking the water, rolling hills, heather, and trees. Then we'll cut the cake in the castle.   Baller news: a homeless man lives in a cave on one of the hills leading up to The Cloisters coming from 200th street. He says he has a permit from the parks department to live there--- true or false? It don't matter. I've found my ring bearer.
You would never believe this park is in NYC! There is so much I could say about the park but I will keep it short and sweet. The pictures speak for themselves. This is the only park I can think of  in NYC since the Red Sox fan became CEO of NYC that doesn't have out of control hill billy bikers with no riding skills to run you over! Very peaceful! The only downside in my opinion is it is very buggy.
Beautiful views, beautiful grounds. Paths to walk in quiet contemplation or with a friend. A large pink gorilla waved to me then rubbed his chest, I giggled and waved back. It was so beautiful and worth the drive up.
This place is big and beautiful. Awesome place to go on a romantic stroll. Great view of the river and the GWB. Different kinds of foilage and whatnot. Who knew Washington Heights had this close by? I strolled through here one lovely late summer evening with La India. So glad she put me on to this place. We took in a beautiful sunset, sitting on a bench, with huge trees enveloping the sky overhead. If you like a li'l romance, bring your girl here, and a bottle of wine. Then take her back to the crib. nahmean? (I'll have to throw a couple pics on here when I get a chance.)
I'm a huge fan of parks in New York City.  Wide open public spaces that act as a respite from the relentless urban sprawl are always welcome.  Parks in the city have different personalities from the quirky to the awe inspiring.  Fort Tryon Park counts as the latter. Fort Tryon Park is part of the site that includes the famous Cloisters and was actually involved in the Revolutionary War, making this site several hundred years old.  Of course a lot has changed since then, but parts of the old fort including large stone walls and gigantic arches still remain.  The architecture really reminds you of how incredible architects of ages past were, creating such structures without the use of modern day equipment. The park has several winding paths that take up up and down rather steep inclines and declines.  Throughout these paths you'll find beautiful plants and flowers everywhere and small grassy areas for people to relax for a nice picnic. If you reach a high enough point, you can get an incredible view of the waterfront and skyline near the George Washington Bridge.  I was there at sunset and it was one of the most breathtaking views I've seen in all my years in New York City.   I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit to this beautiful park!
I'm meeting some yelpers for food & drinks (story of my life) at Mamajuana's Cafe all the way uptown around 200th St and Dyckman. I arrived in the vicinity really early, so I decided to check out Fort Tryon Park. Big mistake. I strolled down one smelly staircase after another. What do they do, wash these staircases with authentic eau de toilette? Ugh! Besides the annoying stench, there were actually some great views to be taken in. The George Washington Bridge served as a great backdrop for many of my pics. I meandered through twists and turns, and as you may have guessed, I lost my way! Brunch time was fast approaching and yes, I got lost in the park! Now, I find myself frantically prancing around, still trying to hold my breath from the stench, whilst searching for the exit to the park.., not cute! I eventually happened upon the park exit and got to brunch on time. Sigh.. Link to brunch at Mamajuana Cafe: yelp.com/user_details_re… After brunch, I had to burn off all of these ayce & aycd calories... I declared, "I'll walk" in, through, and around Fort Tryon Park (i.e. The Cloisters). Oh mother of all that's evil, this place was like one huge maze. I tried and I tried, but I couldn't find the exit, again. At one point I had to break out my old crusty compass (true story). I know what you're thinking, "Uh, Tony C. you could've asked one of the gazillion park employees that were standing around looking busy!" And?.., that is true. But, where's the adventure in that? So, I sought out on my journey to escape from the smelly park, and discover the exit. Along my journey I actually happened upon many beautiful views, some of which were (surprisingly) over on the Jersey side of the shore. On the top of the hill lies Fort Tryon Park Museum, which offers great views, beautiful garden areas for photos of ancient decor/architecture, strong a/c within the museum, and cute tourist girls about. Overall, I had a great time, took a lot of great pictures, and I got in a lot of exercise!
Take the A train uptown to Fort Washington Ave and you'll find Fort Tyron Park. It's certainly off the beaten track (a 40min train ride from 34st herald square according to hopstop), but it's worth the trip. Fort Tyron Park may not be as big as central park, nor as well known but it's a charming area filled with gorgeous rock formations and picturesque scenery. There are spectacular views of the George Washington Bridge, the Hudson River, and the Palisades. A peaceful and enjoyable place to escape from the stress inducing crowds of more popular parts of Manhattan.
What a gorgeous day to be out in a park..... I never heard of Fort Tryon Park but after Denise C gave me the heads up on this place I decided to check it out today. Once I got over the GWB it was like 5 minutes away.  This is a beautiful park with lots of walking paths on different levels. This park offers some spectacular views of the NJ Palisades and the GWB.  There's also a large dog park where my girl made some new friends :) This park is small enough for you to walk completely around but doesn't feel overly crowded. They have plenty of grassy areas and benches where you can just chill and take in the sights. Definitely a great place to come escape the chaos that is NYC........
Located at the tip of manhattan this is probably one of the biggest public parks in manhattan. This park is pread across 67 acres and offers some really nice views of the George Washington Bridge, New Jerey and harlem river. The park is so huge and there is so much to see and explore here, one definitely needs a couple to visits to properly explore it. It is very well connected via public transportation. Definitely a perfect spot to bring food and spend some quality time with friends/family ona weekend picnic.
This is Central Park's classy, but a little eccentric, never married aunt. Lots of unexpected twists and turns, but absolutely beautiful when you look at her the right way. Hidden gems like the Cloisters, gorgeous and well manicured gardens, and secret make-out nooks good for summer and winter make this place a bit calmer than the mess that sometimes Central Park falls to. Though it's a hike for most people, it's the absolute peace of mind for those that live nearby, transforming the manic city into an olden wood with gorgeous forest and river views...if only for a few moments.
I love this park.  It preserves my sanity.   Unspoiled by throngs of people (i.e. Central Park), calm, well-kept and refreshing.  I come to Ft. Tryon most summer days to tan, walk through the gorgeous garden or read on a bench for hours. I just found out this summer that the Cloisters herb garden is also an Eden-like place to sit and read. the ONLY downside is the creepy guy on a bike who always plants himself among the sunbathers, strips down to his (open) white boxers and subtly but creepily lurks around.  I have had to find more hidden spots to tan but I wont list them here in case the creepy peeping tom nudist is reading this! I didn't seem him once last summer so I guess we're making progress.
After stocking up at Zabar's for our picnic, the boy and I headed out to the Cloisters. We were pleasantly surprised with this beautiful park. Despite the freezing temperatures, we sat on a bench overlooking the Hudson river and enjoyed our picnic. The park,even in winter is full of life, and very well maintained. It was like an oasis just on the tip of the bustling city. The views were spectacular, and I can imagine how beautiful it must be in spring, I'll be back. I'll admit, it was a bit of a hike from the underground to get up here, but it was well worth it.
One of the most magnificent views in the world, with the Palisades on the opposite shore swerving northward to the bend facing Yonkers, and the George Washington Bridge curving against the sky to the south.The view and  landscape will take your breath away. There are wonderful paved pedestrian walkways and benches along the promenade and the designers obviously took great pains to ensure that visitors would have sweeping and unobstructed views of the Hudson.  Cobblestone paths, cool shady walkways, rustic stone arches and bridges all add to the charm.  Such a beautiful, romantic place.  I can't wait to go back in the winter after looking at several photos that Yelpers had taken of snow covered paths.     There is a large dog park and also a lovely gazebo/pavillion where you can sit down and just chat and relax.      Thank you Yelp  (and Dave F's review) for introducing me to this breathtakingly beautiful park.  FYI:  Even on a Sunday, it was not excessively crowded and it was a quick & easy 5 minute drive North once you get over the GWB.    After spending a day enjoying the views and the beauty of this park,  you will, once again, give thanks that you live in (or close) to the greatest city in the world.  I know I did.
You can leave the city without actually leaving the city. This place is beautiful, serene, and huge enough to get lost in so if you have a bad sense of direction, bring someone with you who doesn't. Great views of the Palisades, the Hudson and the George Washington Bridge. If you come too early in the morning, you might run into a bunch of drunk kids, dancing on benches. But it's not like they'll be swinging from trees or harassing anyone. I'd know. I was one of those kids. Wear some form of bug repellent.
In an effort to keep up with my "doing cool things" every weekend, Nic B and I finally took a little adventure ALL THE WAY to the cloisters.  I had no idea what I was getting myself into.  I just knew that everybody kept talking up the Cloisters, blah blah blah.   Talk about bliss.  Talk about gorgeous to the upteenth degree.  Talk about- are you fucking serious, are we REALLY in New York City?  For real, is that REALLY the George Wash Bridge right over there in the middle of this picturesque scenery?  No way. I don't believe it.  Nature and city perfectly juxtaposed.  Nah uh. Then Nic B slapped me and said, "get over it, you urban princess.  Let's snap some photos and get our asses to the castle."   (She didn't really slap me though.  She IS a lady afterall.) But we did traverse a very steep cliff to get to the castle.  No slips, falls or dirt stains on our dainty outfits... and a lovely day spent surrounded by natural bliss and beauty.  And to top it off, we even got a bit of a tan AND we got to flirt with a DILF inside the castle.  I'd say we successfully played our Disney princess alter egos, quite well.  And all for the price of a metro card swipe and an $8 donation to the Cloisters. What a magical day.
Even on a cold day this park is a beautiful destination for anyone looking to escape the crazy hustle of midtown Manhattan. The Cloisters, an outpost that houses ancient relics from the Metropolitan Museum, sits in the middle of the park but unlike the views and the greenery - it's not free. You can take public transit or reserve a Zipcar. Fifteen minutes on the Henry Hudson Parkway and you'll find yourself in this urban oasis. Everything a park should be and more- complete with views of the river and bridge.
The most beautiful park in NYC. The rocky ridge commands beautiful views of the Hudson and the Palisades, and the wooded paths are lovely to walk through. Of course, there's also the Cloisters museum - what other park boasts a world-class museum of medieval history in an authentic medieval building? The annual Medieval Faire held here isn't quite as authentic, but it's undeniably good fun! There's also a bar/restaurant in the park (New Leaf), if you get hungry or thirsty. If you get out at the 190th St. stop, there's an elevator that takes you straight up to the top of the park. You can also get out at the Dyckman St. A train stop, and walk up a scenic but rather steep path.
A small quaint but quiet place for one to ponder thoughts and distress the daily grind of life's daily deal. Recent visit with a fellow good friend/ spoken word artist to share the joy of watching the sunset at dusk. A quiet walk on trail of Fort Tryon Park to dispel negative energy and decompose one's stress generates a sane mind to conquer what lies ahead. I highly recommend a visit on non-Renassiance Faire day where the park is at its best, where Sakura Matsuri is at full bloom, where the park is at peace without all the hussle and bussle of the activities of the Renassiance Faire. Views are visible to the Bronx and Westchester beyond on the Hudson River for a clear day. Delightfully sweet.
AMAZING! I love the views, fresh air and wonderful scenery. It's rarely that I go past 14th St. Now that I work on 20th St, my new limit is 23rd St. Well a friend of mine lives way uptown and we decided to take a little hike to her place. I've been hearing about this place and how awesome it was. SEEING IS BELIEVING! It is so relaxing here and it felt like I was far away from the city. This is definitely a spot to check out if you love the outdoors!
We wanted to see The Cloisters, but due to time and limitations (like subway madness where the A train became the local and stopped at 168 to become a shuttle bus), we didn't have time to justify the $20 'suggested donation' to go inside. Instead, we walked around the park and took photos of the gorgeous views it provides.  Yes, folks, even NJ looks pretty up here! There's not much to say that hasn't already been said here.  Fort Tryon is worth the trip, even when public transportation makes it a challenge.  Lots of places to run and and play or sit and relax and enjoy the stunning scenery.
I was asked to chaperone my school's junior class trip to the park and the Cloisters, and happily volunteered. This park is absolutely breathtaking, and the views can't be beat. The trails are well paved if you prefer to run, the gardens are wonderfully maintained, and there is a dog park. The place wreaked havoc on my allergies, but it was worth it. It is about an hour commute from Jersey City but not a bad ride at all, since the A is express and pretty close to all the Path stations. Most directions will tell you to take the elevator from the 190th Street stop, but you can also take the A to Dyckman Street. There is a wide path (entrance on Broadway and Arden) that will take you to the back of the park where it meets the Cloisters. It is not the easiest of walks, as it is steep, but it's a nice shortcut if you're also hitting up the museum. Come here and you will forget you are still in Manhattan.
This park is the definition of beauty and serenity. Not many New Yorkers are aware it's even here, which bumps it up a couple notches in my book. I love quiet and peaceful places and this is definitey it. When you enter the park at 190 St., you are greeted with the heather gardens. In the spring and summer, the smell is wonderful as all of the flowers are in bloom. There are rose gardens and paths and little patches of grass to lay a weary head. If you take the western paths you are greeted with a wonderful view of the Hudson river with the George Washington Bridge in the southwestern distance. Further into the park is a stone terrace wih benches and more paths. During nice weather, beautiful weddings are held here. I highly recommend grabbing a bench to watch the sun set. Of course, the Cloisters are nestled in the center of the park as well. I won't go in to the museum now. But I will say this quiet little museum is a jewel not to be missed. This park is beautiful and well maintained at any time of year. I have experienced all four seasons and each one has it's merits.
Probably my favorite place in NYC. The views are spectatacular, you would never guess that this place offers such unparreled scenary. They also host a mid-evil festival in early fall that is amazing. Do yourself a favor and GO.
On a nice day, this park is a haven for picnickers armed with blanket, basket of treats, and cool drinks.  For us, it was agony not to have known that beforehand -- not a hot dog vendor in sight!  We'd gotten a late start, hoped there'd be edibles in the park, and were sorely wrong.  There's the New Leaf Cafe inside the park, but we weren't in the mood for a $20 prix-fixe brunch.  Fortunately, the Cloisters (our main destination) has a modest cafe on the lower level.  Whew! Fortified with nutrients, we explored the park on the way back.  Pretty bird's eye views of the Hudson.  Enough trees and wildflowers to make my poor sweetie's allergies go haywire.  Not much of a place to try flying a kite, but I liked the different areas of the park -- several lawns, grove of trees with benches, flower gardens....  I feel like such a hater for not dumping buckets of love on Fort Tryon:  it's a nice park -- but not my favorite.  Still, it's great for a respite from the urban infestation of Central Park.  (3.5 stars)
It is a climb! I like that. Unfortunately, that is not such a great place to bicycle through. There is a driveway for cars to reach the top: Cloisters and to reach the New Leaf. I've been here about four times now. It is a destination on it's own because it feels like the upper parts of the Hudson River valley but in reality it is actually still in Harlem, Manhattan. I would rather prefer to take a little more time to go up to the parks along the Hudson River such as up to Croton-on-Hudson, but when I don't have the time, this park will do.
Absolutely beautiful!!  LOVED this view and hike as I made my way up to the cloisters.  It was pretty chilly, coming here the day after Thanksgiving, but it was well worth the trip.  You could see the Hudson waters and the George Washington Bridge in the background.  The trees were filled with squirrels who didn't run (too far) away from you, and we later found acorns by the Cloisters to feed them with (there weren't any near the museum, though). SO many lovely picture opportunities here!  The leaves were changing colors, and the wind gives your hair a dramatic look :P  Definitely come explore this area, go to the cloisters, and have brunch nearby (maybe not in that order?).  Lovely date place to go to ! Oh and, there's a bus right in front of the Cloisters that takes you straight to Penn Station, and to the subway if you don't live near Midtown.  Very convenient indeed!
This place is awesome and has a great view. My friend was driving me around the area and took me to lunch in the park. Definitely stop by for the view here and then maybe walk over to the New Leaf restaurant for lunch/dinner.
Upper Manhattan is a schlep, let's be honest. Why drag your butt all the way up here if there are several perfectly good parks downtown and closer to wherever you may live? Well... Ft. Tryon Park isn't just a "perfectly good park". It's designed, like Central Park, sure, and it gets everything right. Enter from Ft. Washington Avenue (take the elevator from the 190th Street A train) and suddenly you're in a completely different world, immediately coming upon the Heather Garden, a long stretch of cultivated flowers and plants; beyond that, the fort itself, beyond that, the Cloister lawn, then the Cloisters itself. The whole place is green, green, green with trees and grass. We're still in New York? What? The Park takes advantage of Manhattan's natural hilliness and there are lower levels of lawns, trees, paths. There's also a section I like to call the Lord of the Rings area because there's a giant stone archway that you can see from the West Side Highway. Not sure what it's for, but it's pretty awesome. Everyone I've brought here has been stunned by the views and the fact that it doesn't feel like New York City at all. I always see artists painting here, and people taking wedding pictures on occasion. There's a restaurant within the park, New Leaf Cafe. I guess you could eat there but it seems overpriced to me. I've lived around here for a few years and have never eaten there once. Why would I? Bring a picnic basket, a bottle of wine, a blanket, your dog, your friends, whoever, whatever, and GO. Visit the Cloisters too while you're there!
Definitely smaller than Central Park but, thankfully, with fewer people  ( other than on Medieval Festival Day when 50,000 show up )  and a lot less development. Home of The Cloisters, Heather Garden, spectacular views of the GWB and Hudson River as well as valleys, hills and paths that haven't changed looks in ages. Great place to take a walk, have a picnic or just hang out  -  just take the A-train to 190th or Dyckmann, the 1-train to 191st or the M4-bus to the end of the line.
I have lived in New York my whole life and I just went here today for the first time. I feel like a fool.  Fort Tryon is absolutely gorgeous.  The rocks and hills really give the park a unique character.  The views were quite possibly some of the most beautiful I have ever seen within the five boroughs. I am already anxious to go back.
I came up here at advice from a friend at work. It was a cool day and the flowers were all blooming. I unfortunately didn't explore too much of the park but what I did see was a nice sanctuary from midtown. It also had a really nice view of the hudson river.
One of my absolute favorite places in Manhattan. The Heather Gardens are incredibly beautiful and the flowers change each time you go visit. There are beautiful lawns to layout on and get sun or read a book, great trails to run on, the Cloisters is located at the north end of the park, and beautiful views. If you've never been, you MUST go visit. I took some photos there about a month ago and will try to post some. I can't fully describe how wonderful this place is, do yourself a favor and go to Fort Tryon Park!
Beautiful vistas, winding pathways, lots of greenery....a true urban oasis, high above the Hudson and particularly beautiful during fall. The city parks' chief naturalist gives nature walks at this park from 8-10 a.m. on the last Saturday of the month.
Hidden away in the northernmost part of Manhattan is one of the most beautiful parks in NYC. It might be because it's apart from the hustle and bustle of midtown, but I found strolling through Fort Tryon Park a very serene and enjoyable experience. It wasn't nearly as crowded as Central Park, although you still encountered families playing and group picnics, much like you would find in Central Park. Despite that, there was something really special and beautiful about Fort Tryon Park that I feel is lacking in places like Central Park. I'm glad we had to walk through Fort Tryon Park to get to the Cloisters, or I may never have gotten the chance to enjoy its beauty. Next time I'm bringing a picnic!
Nice view of the Hudson and beats Central Park by far. Next time I have to make sure I get there when the rose gardens are in bloom. Great during peak foliage in autumn too.
Beautiful place to go for a stroll or a run with a spectacular view of the Hudson River, NJ Palisades, and the GWB. Make sure to stop in the Cloister's for a medieval history lesson and peak at their gorgeous gardens!
Fort Tryon Park is a gorgeous place to walk. My friend and I accidentally went the long way to the Cloisters, and I'm glad we did. The park is very green and beautiful. There are parts of the fort you can walk higher up to for better views. You're walking alongside the river and there's a bridge in the distance, perfect for photos. It's also quiet, but you'll happen upon enough people that it's not eerily or dangerously quiet. This is the most serene place I've ever been in New York. If I lived there, Fort Tryon is where I'd go to get away from the city while not actually leaving.
PERFECTION! especially when the sun is setting.
Fort Tryon is absolutely beautiful. I rode my bike up there from Chinatown but eventually had to walk it up the steeper part of the hill. The landscaping is gorgeous and it's so peaceful compared to the cityscape below. There were even a couple of weddings taking place. I eventually made it up to the Cloisters and thought "A castle! I will take it over and rule with an iron fist!" Unfortunately it was closed for the day so tyranny will have to wait.
As much as I love Central Park, it can be a bit claustrophobic at times.  Once the weather improves back 60 degrees, it turns into throbs of folks.  Luckily, Fort Tryon Park avoids the crowds by being forever and a day away from Midtown.  We took the A train up to 190th and walked through the park on our way to the Cloisters.  What a beautiful space!  The gardens, the views, the grass just asking for you to sit down and enjoy it for a picnic (alas, we were picnic less, but maybe next time)...it's pure heaven in Upper Upper Upper Westside Manhattan (though I guess it's really Harlem or Washington Heights, right?). We'll definitely be back, but with our picnic and friends next time.
If I were to ever get poison ivy, married or stabbed then this is the park where I'd want it to happen. Btw, the third one is nearly impossible to achieve.
I had come by here a few years ago - but I still remember it that well, from a tourist point-of-view. For a long while I had considered this to be the Cloisters, thanks to the Met Museum's medieval art branch being inside this park. Beautiful steep inclines are available and easily accessible throughout the park to give you a majestic view of the Hudson River. Plenty of nature, and not as crowded as Central Park - this park has a more serene and natural environment that is hard not to love. And it's only a subway ride away from inner Manhattan. Even better, you don't even have to leave Manhattan.
One word: Wow.
This park has a great view of the Hudson River and plenty of shade to beat the heat. I came here for a gathering, and I really want to come back. The only deterrent is that it's quite a ways up north. The subway station is a unique experience in itself. You have to go up an elevator to exit and then walk to the park entrance. If you want to head to the cloisters, I suggest you take the road and keep going 10 minutes until you see a sign for it and people sitting on the lawn. You can go into the Heather Garden and try to find the cloisters, but if you're bad at directions like me, then I wouldn't recommend it. Once you're there, beauty in nature awaits you. Great place for a stroll, book reading time, or a picnic.
Without a doubt one of the best parks in the City of New York. If you don't live in the area it's well worth the ride uptown.
A great place to take in the afternoon. Easy to bike here on the Greenway. There are so many benches to sit down and relax while taking in a scenic view of the Hudson. A fantastic flower garden. There are so many paths to take and I think fall is the best time to visit.
In my opinion the best park in New York hands down! Summers are amazing with open areas to lay down on. Winters amazing with the new leaf cafe brunches, The history of George Washington Fighting the British soldiers here as well as a Castle! Also near Bennett which holds the highest point of manhattan! Nuff said!
After going through the medieval and sacrilegious artwork and architecture at the Cloisters back in January, it was a relief to step outside and head to the heart of Fort Tyron with the trails and trees and quiet (!) surrounding me. Even in the dead of winter, "the woods are lovely, dark and deep."   Well, maybe not dark, given that I visited sometime in the afternoon. But they're lovely and deep, and I love it so.
I often run in this park and I love it. It is not the biggest park in Manhattan but it has an intimacy and a great view over the Hudson River being so high up. This Park is beautiful no matter what season you decide to take a walk in it. It is perfect for off-road running with steep hills and smaller paths that goes untouched. It is also a great place for a stroll in the park with friends or family and a great place for a picnic at the Heather Garden. It is right by the A train (get of at either 190th street or the Dyckman station). If you want to explore another place in the city or if you are going to the Cloisters take some time walking in this beautiful park.
One visit here and you'll be left wondering how a place like this exists in Manhattan. Right off of the 190th stop on the A train (which is a bit of a schlep for some, but worth it in the end), Fort Tryon rises majestically in front of you almost immediately as you exit the train station. The place is HUGE. It may not be as big as Central Park, but it certainly feels like it as you wind your way around the various paths that loop around to the Cloisters and back. It's gorgeous any time of the year, especially in the Fall when the Renaissance Faire comes along. Yes, there's a Ren Faire in Manhattan for those who aren't aware! (Website: whidc.org/home.html ) Tuxedo isn't the only fun venue for Ren Geeks, and Fort Tryon is the perfect (and local) place to prance around in your bodices and capes come September. Jousting, meat-on-a-stick, costume shops, enormous phallic pickles...it's all there. My ideal day is to spend the morning and afternoon at the Faire, then round out the day at the Cloisters for a little bit of culture. The museum is RIFE with people in costume on the day of the Faire, and it's fantastic to walk around the exhibits watching billowing skirts and feathers dancing everywhere. But back to the park. There are several really great pathways if you can find them, one in particular leading up a quasi-cliffside to a fantastic view of the Hudson. If you don't mind sitting a while on the train, come here for a full day's picnic with friends. And bring a camera - you don't want to miss the scenery.
I hate being redundant, but this park is nothing short of amazing. Scenic, majestic heights... and the Cloisters right there just make it a great package. Lots of great trails to get your exercise on too! And for the biker in you, windy downward trails and steep uphills... you'll really get those legs tight. But the best way is to walk it.. go all the way to the top and look around. I love this place.
So many hills! Beautiful, shady foliage that overlooks an equally foliage-full NJ. Winding paths will take you through the park and up to the Cloisters, or overlooking the river or just to some lovely scenic views. Plenty of grass space to chill, picnic, sun yourself or get some frisbee in. Worth the trip!
Highlight: The views It takes alot to beat Central Park and I think this one does - it is quieter and has more of an untouched feel and does not seem to have the frantic joggers, skaters and general peopledom of Central Park. Absolutely beautiful.
So pretty! I love walking here. (And sort of love running here, except when tackling some of the bigger hills). The heather garden is gorgeous, the views of the palisades even more so. My favorite Sunday morning is to take a long walk through the Park--you don't feel like you are in the city at all. And the last time I was running I saw a rooster on the hilly trail behind the Cloisters. Very surreal, and a perfect excuse to stop and breath--I mean, look at the rooster. Beautiful, peaceful and quiet--a patch of heaven uptown.  Sitting in the Heather Garden or up on Linden Terrace is my default cure for a bad day, relationship problems, or just needing to not 'be' in the city for a little bit.
Can you think of a more beautiful place to train your Parkour? I think not! Maybe Bethesda Fountain, but it ain't a fort.
Definitely one of the most beautiful park in NYC! We absolutely love this park! The Cloister is one of our favorite museum in NYC! Great place for a walk or a jog. Great place to view the sunset too! We were here for the medieval festival for the first time & we absolutely enjoyed it! We had a great time there! Normally you could park your car inside the park but today, because of the festival, cars weren't allowed to park inside so we had to look for parking outside, which was quite difficult to find. We should've taken the train instead of driving... We might go back pretty soon to see the foliage...
My favorite place in all of NYC. I was introduced to this park when I was 16 and have been in love ever since. It's just the perfect place to be if you ever need to be away for just an hour or two. You're able to enjoy amazing views (Hudson river, GW Bridge) from this park and the beauty of nature. Must visit.
Fort Tryon Park is gorgeous and has two things going for it that you will pressed to find anywhere else in Manhattan: vistas and hills. If you are lucky, you might also have some time without another person in sight - when was the last time that happened in New York? Even in late winter this place gives you a sense of wildlife and the opportunity to stretch your legs and see The Cloisters (and New Jersey). This place feels like a secret garden with moss covered stones, the sound of birds, winding paths and over hanging lamps. If you live on the Upper West Side you shouldn't think twice about getting on a train north and taking a walk.
Better than Central Park. It has to be said. I lived just a few blocks from this park. I moved to the area not even knowing that the park existed. I was blown away when I found this massive and stunningly beautiful park hidden in the ghetto. It's worth the long trek to the top. You'll be greeted with views to which nothing else in the city can compare. You can see for miles. It's truly surreal. If you're interested in amazing views of the Hudson River, GWB, and the city as a whole, check this out. The high line would kill itself if it knew it shared an island with fort tryon.
As others have said, Ft. Tryon Park is literally awesome.  It makes the neighborhood. I am constantly amazed at how well the flower and shrub garden is managed -- it looks great pretty much all year.  And the rocky ledges, stony walls, towering trees, the crown of the Cloisters... well, it's just a really dramatic, gorgeous, and cool place. In addition, it is one of my favorite places to take pictures, and I've put a few of them up here... enjoy!
Fort Tryon Park is one of my favorite parks in Manhattan.  It is a peaceful escape from an often crowded, dirty, and noisy city.  In the spring, the flowers are incredible.  I also recommend taking a walk through the park at sunset in the fall--the sun setting over the bridge and the trees and landscaping of Fort Tryon Park is well worth it.  Even if you don't visit the Cloisters, the curving walkways and forest paths provide both some light exercise and a healthy dose of nature. Afterwards, I recommend taking a stroll down to 187st St and stopping in any of the restaurants there, or venturing further to 181st St and patronizing 181 Cabrini.
I am a big fan of NYC Parks generally but this one just became my favorite! Tonight was my first time visiting the park - I took a long walk through the park with my honey - and I was BLOWN AWAY. So beautiful. Perfect for those couples who enjoy long walks in the park, in the dark. Wear comfortable shoes! The views of the city from different points in the park are amazing...totally made me appreciate the lovely city I live in.  I'm gonna have to go back for the daytime experience.
The A Train might be a little daunting, but once you get here you feel like you've stepped into another state.  The cliffs on the New Jersey side actually remind me of Santorini, Greece.  Okay, not as high nor romantic, but there's something endearing about natural glacier forms.  Great view to the west, to the south, to the north.  Can't really see the east. The Cloisters are a nice getaway as well.
If I was a homeless person, I would drag my shopping cart and my refrigerator box up to Fort Tyron Park, set up camp, and live the rest of my days there in ignorant bliss.
This.  This is bliss shooting out of my eyeballs.  This is what I wanted the Cloisters to be.  Also, this is free.  Whereas when we got to the Cloisters and I, clearly underwhelmed, asked the curator "Is this it?" and basically offended his entire life's exotic plant passion and proceeded to get lectured, in front of my friends, I felt kind of bad.  Cloisters = Clorophyll Borophyll.  Fort Tryon is where it's at.  Go play on some rocks and enjoy nature in your best spring dress like I did.
My family recommended Fort Tryon Park to me when I was looking for a place to take graduation pictures. I have not walked through the whole park but what I saw was breathtaking!! The views- amazing! I can't wait to go back in my sneakers and see what other beauties I find. I am so happy I took my pictures there since it was such a special memory and the views behind me were perfect.
It contains one of the highest points in Manhattan, offering magnificent views of the Palisades and the lower Hudson Valley. It's a great escape from real life! It's also great for a walk or a run! :)
HOLY CRAP! THIS IS IN MANHATTAN?! Well, it's way the hell up there - somewhere near outer Siberia - but well worth the subway ride on the A train as it is fucking beautiful there. Not so much for the view as you can see grand spankin' New Jersey but for the beautiful trees changing colors like something from New England. The cloisters is right there too so go see the Unicorn and Lady tapestry as a treat. One less star for being in fucking Siberia.
An excellent park - second only to Inwood Hill.  If you're looking for a beautiful mixture of landscape and wildness, wander the paths of Fort Tryon Park.  The path to the Cloisters will take you through plenty of beauty.  But take the time to explore the side paths, or walk up the back way (from the A station at 200/Dyckman) to get some different perspectives.  There's a lot to explore in this little patch of wilderness, and plenty of peace and quiet to be had.  If you live in the neighborhood, this is a good place to go walking at night or at dusk.  It's safe because there's always a police presence (due to the Cloisters and the Park Dept. stuff) and there are a fair # of people who walk their pets at this time.
Awesome park to do your daily walking or even biking around the hills and watching the scenic waters
Great place to just hangout with the family/friends, have a picnic, chill, soak up the sun. While you're there check out the New Leaf cafe for brunch & a trip to Cloisters would be great. It's not far north of NYC, easily accessible and way less crowded than other NYC parks get. Small but quiet/peacful.
Don't take the bus to the Cloisters. If you do, you'll end up missing what is usually a very pretty walk. You'll see great views of the Hudson, the George Washington Bridge, and also the Bronx. Even though it wasn't technically spring yet, there was enough living foliage for it to be more invigorating than depressing. I'd imagine that in summer, or even late spring, as flowers start to blossom, this place would be gorgeous. My only complaint is that parts of the park that are actually accessible aren't always obvious or at least it may not be immediately obvious how to get to them. It's not the most straightforward park in the world to navigate if you want to see all of it.
My favorite NYC park. As the story goes, it was funded by Rockefeller Jr. and designed by Olmsted Jr. (whose father designed Central and Prospect Parks). Rockefeller went as far as to purchase the land across the Hudson River (what is now the New Jersey Palisades) in order to preserve the views from the park. Fort Tryon Park is very hilly and has many rock outcroppings - that with the view of the Palisades makes the park a good place to transport yourself outside the city for awhile. Go at sunset and the views to the west (of the Palisades and the George Washington Bridge) are breathtaking.
I walked thru the park on my visit to the Cloisters.  I looked forward to seeing the Heather Garden - which is along the main path up to the Cloisters from 190th Street.  The heathers in my garden were blooming so I was expecting a special display.  I was a bit disappointed.  Quite a number of plants but a bit unkept.  Great views across the Hudson.
So beautiful. The view of the city is amazing, and the park itself is really nice. I had always been there in the summer, but recently made my first winter trip up there. I'm not a fan of cold weather, but I have to admit that the park looked incredible in the snow. I could wander around there for hours, taking in the view from various points. Great place to go for a run, or to take a romantic stroll with your sweetheart!
Such a gorgeous park!  We walked through one late afternoon and enjoyed the beautiful views of the Hudson.  Worth the trek out to Washington Heights.
We were actually staying in Washington Heights during CMJ with our friends when they mentioned this park.  Of course, we had to walk up and check it out.  It's delightful! This park on the northern tip of manhattan- it's almost like stumbling into a location from "the Chronicles of Narnia" before the children are transported to the world of magic.  Also has a subway stop right at the edge of the park, which makes it easy to get to.
Nestled on the northern tip of Manhattan, the park makes one forget they are still in the city. The trails and paths that wind around this park provide magnificent views of the George Washington Bridge and jersey cliffs. I wandered down one of the paths that run along the highway but it got a little creepy cause it was littered with fallen trees and at one point the path turned to gravel. The cloisters, which is part of the MET, is somewhere in here and its designed like a castle. I didn't have time to visit but it looked cute from the outside. One gripe was how long I spent on the A train even though it goes express through most of Manhattan.
This park is amazing. Seriously! I was amazed at the view, I felt as though I was back home in Michigan. I'd definitely urge anyone who hasn't been to this park to venture up to the tip of Manhattan and check it out. You'll get your excercise plus some great scenic views.
Lovely park, well landscaped and not too crowded on a Sunday.
A Gold mine! The elevated views are beyond breathtaking. Walking with a lover through the Heather Garden really sets the mood. This place is without question one of the elite parks in NYC. Stop by the Cloisters and dig deep into Medieval Art! Check out the calender of events, there are a lot of festival and events happening when the weather gets warm. Hurry up and go!
A beautiful park right by the Cloisters (or are the Cloisters in the park?) with soaring views that stretch across upper Manhattan. There is also a nice little English garden with a variety of plants and flowers, along with the butterflies and bees that visit them.
Beautiful, picturesque, quiet haven from the city's reach... just a short subway ride North and you'll be surrounded by lush trees, gardens, open park areas, pathways, and beautiful views of the Hudson.. go hiking through the paths, walk your dog, read a book, bask in the sun, and forget your troubles.  Something different from Central Park and just as nice.  Very safe and also pristine.
Very pretty park at the very top of Manhattan.  I could hardly believe I was still in Manhattan - the park is very spread out and green.  There were vast green lawns and short foresty trails in the park - it's perfect for a walk or a picnic in the sun.  It affords great views of the river, and contains The Cloisters (a Met museum).  What a beautiful way to spend a sunny Saturday afternoon!
Wow.  Who knew?!  This place is gorge!  The bf and I were looking for a new place to have a day picnic outside of the usual Central Park, and I saw the Yelp reviews on this place,  my fellow yelpers did not disappoint yet again.  This park really is an escape out of the city, right off the subway exit you are transported to a quiet, green, flower filled park full of different paths and quiet spots to relax.  You really feel as though you are far from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan.  Beautiful views of the Hudson are the backdrop and inside the park you can find the Cloisters.  Truly a day trip to be made by anyone who wants a little escape from the city.
Best park in Manhattan, hands down.
It's like a diamond in the rough. A gem of a park when we were there mid fall to gawk at all the yellow, red, orange folliage. You can easily spend a half day there, especially with a cafe in the middel of it and the Cloister museum. Great views of the Washing bridge and the Hudson. Makes great wedding pictures spot.
Strolling off the subway towards the Cloisters you get to frolic through a garden. This garden is the beginning of the picturesque view of Fort Tryon Park. In summer it is filled with purple and white perennials. You cannot get more romantic than this: a gorgeous array of flowers, a light sweet perfume of the blossoms, against the backdrop of the Hudson River glistening in the setting sun. While you keep strolling through the garden, you might run into a man painting an oil mosaic on beige canvas of a corner of this well manicured forest. As you pause and admire his handiwork, you may learn he spent six months trying to perfect his interpretation of this snapshot of the park. As you continue on the path towards The Cloisters, you may come across a ravine. The once lush green leaves may have begun to turn to bright hues of red, orange and sun shining yellow. Stop and take time to appreciate the beautiful scenery; it cannot be contained in a painting or photograph.
"Evidently the groundhogs in Fort Tryon Park are well fed..."
Once a year, Ft. Tryon park in New York City has this Medieval Festival. Living in New York area for more than a decades, I just visited this festival for the very first time. Surprisingly, this is a very different festival from the ones in the city. People actually dress up for the festival and lots of Medieval entertainment in the park.
This is by far my favorite NYC Park.  I live within walking distance (lucky me!) and often come here to get lost.  There's a perfect rock to sit atop and look at the Jersey Palisades and the George Washington Bridge as you wait for the sunset.  Awesome!
Great Park! It's upper Manhattan's answer to Central Park. The park has a couple lawn areas but for the most part the open areas are limited and the paths, trails, and greenery is maximized. They've got a ton of areas to grab a seat on a bench or below a tree and relax. The park is really hilly so it's easy to get a good workout in if that's your thing. They've also got the Cloisters (great branch of The Met with recreations of medieval architecture and art). Definitely worth a trip if you haven't been before.
This park is an absolute hidden gem. Upon coming here, I immediately fell in love with this place. There is beautfiul landscaping here, with some interesting un-flat terrain. It has the highest natural point in Manhattan. Good views of the Hudson, Palisades, the George Washington Bridge. From the top, you can see a lot of the Broxn and some really far away bridge (possibly Throgs Neck or Whitestone). They Cloisters museum is here, which I did not visit.
This park in Upper Manhattan is more beautiful than words can express. The Cloisters, the architecture, and the artwork makes for a Medieval setting. And you can stunning views of the Hudson, GW, and the Palisades.  Part of the grandeur of New York.
The flowers are just absolutely gorgeous. This place is so peaceful and the views are great. Not congested at all. Great place to relax.
Absolutely beautiful. This place is breathtaking all year round. In the summer and spring the park comes alive. Children, dogs, picnics, lovers, tourists, bird watchers, joggers, weddings, this park is for everyone. Want a leisurely walk alone or with company with a lovely view of the Hudson river and NJ? This is the place. Love flowers? This is the place. Want to take pictures with a beautiful scenery? Come here. This is also a large playground for dogs. But be careful if you're afraid of wildlife because there's aplenty.  And I must say, there's no need to purchase flowers if you're having your wedding ceremony or taking pictures, the flowers are free.
You cannot believe you're still in Manhattan. The park, gardens and Cloisters are beautiful and after visiting this neighbourhood I became determined to move here (and I did). Fun activities throughout the year (like a Medieval Festival) and early mornings during the summer there's free fitness classes like sunrise yoga.
Yeah.... definitely a cool spot overlooking uptown and the east river? I walked up from Washington heights (175th) after eating mofongo at Malecon - and got to burn of the calories.. Morningside heights itself is a sight to see - definitely does not feel like you are still in the island of manhattan.. unfortunately i didnt make it to the cloisters but i will have to do that some other time..
This was a great park! THe day I went was the birthday of the park! We chalked up the sidewalk, with chalk buckets provided by the park, to say happy birthday to the park! It was a pretty neat place, offers a dog park, great views, and the Cloisters are located within the park! It's a very pretty place to be, in-fact there were lots of photographers there at the time
Nearly all the beauty of Central Park with a small percentage of the population density, Fort Tryon and Inwood Hill are some of my favorite Parks, bar none. FTP is a bit of a maze, a beautiful labyrinth largely consisting of Cloisters fools crowding the walkways. A large portion is barred off from the tentative public, and cars can ruin certain portions, but foxy lady, I (still) think I love you.
Amazing view of the Hudson, the Cloisters beckon, and of course if you get there early enough to find a decent parking spot you'll also realize this is a place for quietude that you cannot easily get elsewhere in NYC.  It's a well used natural resource but nothing like Central Park so keep that in mind and don't underestimate the downside of "wedding factory" and "tourist" encroachers.
I love coming here to take a romantic walk with my bf. Great views of the Hudson. You don't even feel like you are in Manhattan. It's beautiful, peaceful and serene. Some of the paths are kind of steep. It can get crowded during the day, we usually come at night.
The views this park has to offer are simply breathtaking. You have to remind yourself that you are indeed still in Manhattan. I first passed this park on my way to the cloisters museum. I told myself that I HAVE to come back here and just spend a day here relaxing and enjoying the views. And so recently I went with my boyfriend and packed us a blanket to sit on. We sat under this tree that gave us a nice shade which allowed us to take a peaceful nap.
Is this better than Central Park??? I loved making the trip uphill to see the Cloisters -- such a beautiful space that's off the beaten path (at least for us that live downtown!).
This is such a magical place.  I jog around here and it seems like a great place for a bike ride (the bike paths are very nice).  I'm really looking forward to seeing the leaves change this fall.
You have to absolutely love the views that you get here! They rival any views at any other park in the entire city! I love this park and I can remember coming here for the last 20 years! Do yourself a favor and come see the sights from Ft. Tryon Park.
I've been here on dates, for picnics, and everything else in between. Great and safe park, and best of all easily accessible (super short walk from the train). Very clean and well maintained as well. I went to the Medieval Festival this summer and it was a lovely day...the park was packed with people but it was the perfect backdrop for the fair. I wished I lived in that neighborhood, this would be a great place to walk my dogs!
I am so pleased that I visited Fort Tryon Park today instead of waiting until next spring.  The park is so peaceful and offers stellar views of the NJ Palisades, the Hudson River, George Washington Bridge, and The Bronx.  I love the trees, lawns, rocks, and paths.  The incline of the paths makes this park a great place to run/walk.  The park was not crowded although there were joggers, tourists, and random people strolling through the park.  The Cloisters is located within the park (also recommend visiting that museum).  There is a restaurant (New Leaf??? can't quite recall the name) that I intend to patron on my next visit.  The trip from to the park was not as long as I anticipated... maybe 20 minutes on the A train from 42nd street.  Definitely worth the short wait.  I'll return in the winter to capture the beauty of the park covered in snow and no doubt that I'll return next spring when the plants are in full bloom.   Fort Tryon Park is truly a gem in NYC.
Great view, located right by the Cloisters, but you have to hike a half mile to get there - which may not be a bad thing on the right day. It is not well lit, so be wary of being around after dark. But head up with your pic-nic and a few friends and you will have a very lovely time.
This park is breath taking. Simply beautiful, you'll forget you are in the city!
Really one of the greatest things in New York. I enjoy the long train ride if only because it really feels like you're getting out of the city. You've got an undeveloped Jersey across the river which was apparently bought by Rockefeller to ensure that the view from the park remained bucolic and a FORT of a museum with great gardens. Even if you don't make it into the museum, the whole procession with its fjording cliff faces from the entrance of the park makes you feel like you're entering a great lost city.
Compared to Central Park this is a great uptown get away.  I live in the area and visit this park on many occasions looking for a lil R and R.  There is a great big tree near the cloisters that i love to relax under.  Bring a sandwich and a drink and you are all set!!
This park is BEAUTIFUL. Its enchanting, like out of a fairy tale!! I could spend a whole day here. I love it!!
One of the most magical places in my life experience, next to perhaps Yosemite and the Sierra Nevada backcountry, and the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
wonderful park !   a hidden treasure. Combine with Cloisters, repeat as necessary. Savor.
I absolutely love this park.  Its great all year around.  It has great views of the Hudson River and GWB.  Home to the Cloisters which I always consider a hidden gem.  The gardens are absolutely amazing.
I doubt many New Yorkers have ever been here or even know where it is located. You can't believe you are still in Manhattan! Great park.
there are a lot of things i like about fort tryon, but my favorite was seeing a young woman with a leashed rabbit who was enjoying hopping around and sniffing things. (the rabbit was, not the young woman.)
fort tryon park, i know everyone has already sung your praises, but i have to add my two cents... because it's places like you that make me feel like i've escaped nyc, sticky subways, gray-ness, and smelly summer sidewalks and entered another beautiful, hidden world. i could get lost in you (yes, literally and figuratively). if only i could meet a man who made me feel this way... :)
A nice change of pace kind-of park. Rather than laying in the grass, you hike up through paths and trees on your way to the cloisters; it feels like an adventure. Once you get up to the top, you can make a spot for a picnic or enjoy a beautiful view of the river. You almost completely forget you are in the middle of the big city.
The park has a number of secluded lawns with Hudson river views, accessible near the 190th street entrance and if you bear to the left and then north of the planted garden area. Just north of the New Leaf cafe, down a few steps is another secluded lawn area, great for sledding in the winter snow. Much of the granite around you was embedded with natural garnet, prised out generations ago by juvenile rockhounds.Sadly, the  stately American elms along the main entrance walkway have almost entirely succumbed to disease. Some rather ruthless pruning several years ago also felled trees that cooled and shaded the raised plaza area with the best Hudson River views. The Cloisters, like its big sister the Metropolitan Museum, has musical events scheduled through the year, usually with medieval themes and period instruments. If you would like some nearby food options, take the A train to the 181st Street stop, getting off at the front of the train and taking the elevator up. Walk north down the hill on Fort Washington Avenue toward 187th Street, where there is a supermarket and some casual dining choices. From there it is 3 short blocks north to the park entrance, passing the school and shrine to the American Catholic saint, Mother Cabrini, on your left.
there's actually nothing like this kind of park anywhere here in NYC; it reminds me of some country places in other east coast states that are not as "big" as NYC. i mean, it's just like a nature park somewhere, and i'm surprised it's here in the city.
beautiful park, amazing views!
Get icecream and walk around this park in the summer.  If you go to the New Leaf Cafe; it's a great idea to come here afterward.  It feels like a secret fantasy garden castle area with winding pathways and huge rocks...  I am really having a hard time explaining this- just go here and see for yourself.  The breezes from the Hudson River blows over and you get a tingle down your spine.  Manhattanites love this area of Northern Manhattan to let out a deep breath and enjoy life.
This is a large park and its great to find it in the city. In it you will find a  great walk through it to the cloisters.
This is an awesome park. I a minute's walk away from it and have it enjoyed it for 12+ years. It stands apart from other NYC parks because it fun to WALK in. The paths are challenging and the folliage changes - there are a lot of different trees here. In the spring there is an amazing flower garden - it's set up as a path flanked by oceans of different flowers. Really, really beautiful. Bird watchers - this is a must for you - all kinds of birds stop over here on their migrations paths and I've seen some pretty interesting species - I'm no bird watcher but you don't see these every day in Manhattan. There are lots of different lawns to enjoy, benches in the shade to read a book on, and views to calm down while watching. Awesome park!
My closest park and really one of the most beautiful in the city.
