The one thing that Red Riding Hood, Hansel and Gretel and Goldilocks all had in common was the fact that they all got lost in the woods. Of course these woods are not located anywhere in a secret magical place down a rabbit hole, but instead it's located in NJ, right over the George Washington Bridge. Palisades Park is nothing more than a wonderland of confusion that felt like purgatory at times, especially if you're lost. Due to lack of adequate signs, my friends and I hiked for about a good 5 hours. Of course we prefer a unicorn to magically appear out of the woods to direct us onto the right path, but instead we walked like a cast of characters from Lost trying to figure our way back home to paradise. The hike was absolutely beautiful! Surreal at times, especially when the trail changed scenery as we continue hiking forward. Scenery ranging from dense wooded forest to open space to waterfalls to giant steps to water on the Hudson.  Best of all, there were also plenty of edible food such as onion grass and wild raspberries. The onion grass was intense in flavor, while berries were sweet and can be found along side of the trails. The Park is perfect for hikers of all levels, ranging from beginners (like myself) to advanced. Best of all, it has free parking (but definitely try to come early) and it's close by to the city.  So if you're looking for a day of get away fun, then this is the perfect picturesque park to be, where you and this Park can merge to become one with nature.
I love coming to this park and hiking the trails with my dog (she loves it as well!) For all the people bad-mouthing northern NJ they should take the time to explore the PIP. It offers some beautiful hiking trails and some absolutely spectacular views of NY from atop the Palisades. The park entrance I use is located northbound between exits 2 & 3 of the Palisades Interstate (park entrance is not well marked and sneaks up on you right before exit 3).  They have a comfort station there that serves up some basic food like hamburgers and hot dogs. The trails are well marked and have challenging sections due to the fact that you are descending down to the Hudson River from the top of the Palisades and then obviously have to hike back up. There are "stairs" leading down this trail which are quite steep and require your full attention when descending.......trip and fall while descending these stairs and you're a goner! There is also a cool rock scramble section if you're looking for a little more of a challenge.  On your way down to the river there are sections that give you that  Jurassic Park feel. You'll even come across a breathtaking waterfall (see pic). Northern NJ really does provide us with some of the most incredible beauty that Mother Nature has to offer......so get out there and check it out!
Simple pleasures are the best! (This one is for Jahmal). The Palisades Interstate Park is so unassuming most people drive by  without giving it a seconds glance. Make no mistake, if you like being outside this spot is a solid 5 You can Bike it, Hike it or just chill.   Pick a nice day...get your rusty butt off the sofa and go out and play. It also helps that two of my favorite friends, Flora and Fauna, are there in full effect and on the regular, so camera heads do come ready.   Need to relax, that's not a problem. The vista's will move you. Just pack up a Lil something and come gawk, gaze and snack. Feel like sweating? You know, they COULD have call it Palisades Interstate "Cardio" Park. After you spend a little time on the trails you WILL feel the burn. See, I thought I was slick reciently when I opted to take the 3 mile route instead of the 5 mile. C'hile Please!  "Stair Masters ain't got nuthin on PIP! (Said a La Denzel in Training Day). A brutha found out just how young he's not.   You can pretty much have any type of time you'd like here.   Allow me to share one of MY favorite times at PIP. Back when my nephews was youngheads I dropped by my sista's house, woke them up early and said, "Come on I'm-a take y'all to see something. "Where we going Unc? They asked. "Come and you'll see. I replied and left it right there. Always up for an adventure, my little road dogs started scampering. Teeth were brushed and clothes put on quick, fast and in a hurry. Sleepy eyes brightened up right away, as they got ready and jumped in my ride right. We arrived, I parked in the municipal lot across the way, grabbed my backpack off the back seat and said come on let's go guys. We walked to the park on the low. The older: "Why are we here Unc? The younger: "Yeah!  Why are you showing us trees? (Oh yeah, the younger is was a little smart ass). Me: I laughed and replied,  "It's more then just trees. "Come on get ta-stepin, we going up there. Said as I pointed to the ridge. The older:  I'm hungry The younger: I'm cold. Me: Don't worry we will eat at the top. And I have something that will warm us up. We reached the top and found a spot to sit. I broke out the thermos I had filled with hot chocolate and poured and passed out the cups. The three of was sat quietly as we drank and ate Bagels. Then it happened, the sun began to peak over the skyline of the city. The older: Wow! Look at that Unc! The younger: It's just the sun. Me: Looks kinda nice right! Both older and younger: Yeah it does! We sat there as the sun cleared the skyline. Finished the rest of our snack then made our way back to the car. The younger was holding my hand. He looked up at me and said, I thought you wanted to show us something Unc?!? I just did. His mouth twisted into that sly smile of his and he said, "You tricked us! Did I? He just shrugged his shoulders. We drove back home and I cooked us  breakfast. We went to PIP several times that summer. Hiked all over, rode our bikes, took pictures and all that! Over the years the three of us spent a lot of time on the go, doing and seeing many different places. Always up for an adventure, always having lots fun along the way. My nephews are both older now. The younger has a son of his own, Jaden. He calls me Big Unc. The younger called me towards the end of the summer and told me something that was the insparation for this review. "What up Unc! ( Said with mad base in his voice and sounding a lot like his grandfather). "I took Jaden to the Palisades this morning...and...We watched the sunrise. We drank hot chocolate and everything. I could tell my nephew had a smile on his face. He paused  a second waiting for me to respond. I'm sure he both heard and felt my smile over the line. Then he added, Jaden said, "I like that Dad! As he watched the sunhrise. "How did you find this place? "Back when I was your age, Big Unc took me and your uncle here too. Maaan, I smiled the rest of the day. When it's all said and done, it's really all about the love you share. Fin
I've been coming to this park since I was a little kid. When I was younger I usually just went to the Ross Dock area which is just north of the GWB. Back then we would go crabbing or have a picnic. I've since had the opportunity to explore a lot more of the park. It is truly a beautiful place to explore if you like being outdoors. I also am a member of Greenbrook Sanctuary, which is a paid, members-only area of the park located off of 9W near Alpine. The Sanctuary, has nice trails, a lake, streams and they also have weekly hikes and other Programs. The PIP is a beautiful place to spend the day hiking and enjoying the views of NY.
Three questions for you: 1. Do you like hiking? 2. Do you like friendly people? 3. Do you like barbecues?(you may need a permit) This is a 12 mile hiking trail for people who enjoy walking.  There are slight inclines and then some rocks that are not fixed, so you have to watch where you are walking.  I would not recommend this for someone who has major physical ailments.  There are some paths are rocky with steepness and missing paths, not many, but enough to mention it.  And also there are places in the hike that there is no seating for at least half an hour.  For me, it was worth it.  I found it fun to dodge the crazy crags along the way, and to sneak up and down a rocky trail.  It can be grueling in the heat, but most of the walk is in the shade.  If you choose to walk closer to the water, then you get a great view of the George Washington bridge.   My words of wisdom to you is that It might be best to travel with a group, so each person could carry some water, snacks, sunscreen, and camera.  The sights are spectacular.  There are waterfalls, brooks, and rushing rapids.  It's beautifully scenic with the greenery and the flora.  I think there were families of bunnies and deer spotted on the last two visits.  There is a visitor center which is equipped with a bathroom and a person to answer any questions that you may have. There is rest stop along the way if you take the stony path trail going downward, about 500 feet way, there are bathrooms and vending machines as well as a place to order food(depending on if it's open--on 4th of July, it was closed).  Along the walk, people from all over NJ come over to greet you and ask if you saw the animals that they just had the opportunity to see. Another option instead of hiking would be to ride down the hill to the bottom closer to the water and then grill your meats, vegetables, and seafood or bring a cooler.  Come bring the family, bring the toys, water guns, pots of homemade meals, or even a hammock(I did see one there).  I do know there is parking and I noticed empty spots, so it is not too crowded.   While I went there last weekend, I even got to see someone pour out 20 glasses of champagne for a toast, but I'm not really sure what they were celebrating.  I did not have the energy to hang around after our walk, because I was famished.  I probably only walked 5 miles with my husband and my sister and her friend.  It was great to have Yelp to figure out where to go afterwards, since I am not familiar with the yummy places to go to in Fort Lee.  Luckily, this park is also located a short bus ride or a brief walking distance away from restaurants in either Englewood or you could stay in Fort Lee.  I remember going to U-Pie, a cozy pizza restaurant and also arriving at So Kong Dong Restaurant, known for their Korean tofu soup, which really hit the spot after a super long hike.
Review of Peanut Leap Cascade Trail: We came here today again with the pup and it was beautiful!! It was snowing but that didn't bother us. The trails were clear, nobody else was on the trail with us so our dog was able to be off leash. The trail markers were easily seen and lots of photo opportunities. Unfortunately, there was heavy fog/clouds so we couldn't clearly see the NY side. Getting down to the base of the mountain was easy. They had steps for you. We then ran into the large rocks where we had to scramble. We weren't sure if we were at the right place but we went up the mountain. We got about half way and decided to turn back. Only reason was because it was still snowing, our dog was having some difficulty, and we didn't know how long we would have to scramble for. This should actually be called a BOULDER scramble. Next time, we'll go without the dog and when it's not snowing and once I know what to expect, we can do it again. I even got a chance to test out both GPS tracking softwareL MapMyHike and MyTracks. I'm not sure what happened but MyTracks was more accurate. It seemed like MapMyHike lost GPS tracking for awhile. I'll just have to double check next time instead of letting the software run on its own. Photos: imag3l.com/?p=1319 imag3l.com/?p=1410 MyTracks Hike: docs.google.com/file/d/0… EveryTrail: everytrail.com/view_trip… I'd definitely come here again. This is a great place for wild life and Fall photography!
8 miles of nearly car free two lane roads in one of the most beautiful places outside of Manhattan.  This is the raison d'etre for cyclists in the area, providing solid training as well as a scenery.  Stunning and romantic at the same time. There are a handful of grilling areas with benches and bathrooms.  Parking is free or really cheap (I've never paid to park).  There are food establishments too, though small, but has burgers and that sort of stuff. There are docks for boating. Majestic views of the George Washington Bride and the Hudson.  If you are visiting NYC for more than a week, it would be worthwhile driving through here and getting a bite in Piermont, NY (connecting via route 9W). Tips: * The road is considered part of the park and open sunrise to sunset.  Gates prevent cars from entering outside these hours. * Cyclists: read signs - you will get a ticket if you ride on roads not permitted for bikes. * There's a playground for children. * Lots of hiking trails and fairly easy, except some of them are steep (with stairs) * Some historic stuff around * Literature available at the Police Station (State Police) at the north end by Exit 2.
Back in April I went on my first hike of the year. This park was relatively really close to the city, so it wasn't hard to get to at all. As I am still an inexperienced hiker, I didn't know what to expect. I went down this trail call the Giant Stairs and it was a little scary for me because I know I am a klutz and I may end up rolling down instead. After completing that section, I found out there were some rock scrambling involved with a warning side. Gee...maybe turning back now wouldn't be a bad idea right? I guess I'll tough it up and see how out of shape I am. So climbing over rocks wasn't that hard, but I did realize it's not that I am too out of shape it's more like my legs were too short. Some rocks were so big that I had trouble reaching to the next rock, but I managed going through the entire rock scramble without killing myself. True I did bang up my knee and scraped my hand, but those were true battle scars! I guess I was lucky I did this hike back in April because in May, there was a rockslide, which closed off 2 miles of the trail. I wouldn't mind going back here for another hike. This hike is really just the beginning for me, which leads to many more!
This park is really spectacular and accessible both to people with and without vehicles due ot the ability to walk across the GWB bridge. The land area of the park is large, stretching beyon the New Jersey - New York border along the Hudson River. I enjoyed the easier path from the GWB area. I always plan ahead when hiking and decided on my route ahead of time. Maps from the NY NJ Trail Commission are very useful. For those with iphones, snapping a picture of the posted maps and directions is not a bad idea. Verdict: This is a beautiful, large park next to the Hudson River, which is truly worth exploring.
KIll the hills on your bike.   BBQ at the boat basins.  Go fishing in the River.  Take a hike.  Gaze at the views of the city.
Beautiful and well maintained park. This is my favorite afternoon walk spot with my dog. It has nice view of GWB and the city. Has picnic areas and plenty of benches to seat and enjoy the view. Weekday season parking pass is $30 (From may to October).
Amazing bike ride!! The view of Manhattan from the area north of the GW Bridge is "like the Sausalito of NYC".
Heaven on earth for NYC runners.  You got roads, you got trails..... you got a great time!
On a good hiking day my friends and I went to Palisades Interstate Park for a hike. As a first time hiker I didn't know what to except. The hiking trail begins with walking then going down these stairs. It might seem steep but take your time and walk down the stairs. You will approach a warning sign about difficult rock scramble for experienced hikers but if I was able to do the rock scramble you could too. Just be very careful and climb over the rocks, using the rocks for support and pushing off to another rock. Along the way you will see a swing and a waterfall. Afterwards you hike up to return to the parking lot. There are white dots on trees and rocks to guide you to the right path at this hike trail.
I rode my bike through this park near the final stretch of a 60+ mile charity fund raiser.  The breathtaking scenery was a nice distraction from the ride and I almost forgot for a few minutes about my physical suffering.  I'm surprised there aren't more reviews; it's such a beautiful place and so close to the city.  I'd be here on a regular basis if I lived nearby.  A steep climb if you're looking for a decent challenge on your road bike with hardly any traffic; also a great spot for a hike or picnic.
This is a beautiful park for hiking and I will be going back.  You'd never think that you could pull over and spend the day here, but it is amazing!  The only reason why this review doesn't get a fantastic 5 star review is that the trails are not always easily marked.  One of the police men told us where to catch the first trails and we walked right passed it and walked about half a mile on before we realized we were on the wrong direction.  But the worst part was after a fantastic 5 hour hike, it started pouring and we couldn't find the path from the shore that connected us back to the station, so we were walking around in circles in the pouring rain and mud.  Besides that, the park was amazing.
Really great hiking, and not as busy as many other state parks. The Giant Stairs and the hike to Peanut Leap Cascade are fantastic.  This park is pretty big and extends a decent portion of the Hudson. I have much to still explore, but from what I've seen I'm a big fan.
An easy 5 star! This is a great place that you can come here biking, hiking, picnicking and  BBQing!   There are several trails, you can choose easy or moderate hikes depending on your skill levels, most of them are not difficult at all. If you just want an scenic walk and very easy hike, you can start from Ross Duck  picnic area (parking is $5) and walk toward to Englewood picnic area, it will be 45 mins one way, it's mostly flat and open, and you will enjoy the beautiful GW bridge and hudson river view along the way. If you enjoy walking on the stone steps and walking in the woods, you can park your car at Hudson Terrace ( meter parking, free street parking on Sunday) and start from Linwood Park and take Carpenter's Trail ( you can download the map from park's website), this trails will lead you to Ross Duck picnic area as well. Came here last Sunday and leaves have started turning red, in the next 1 week or 2 will be the most beautiful time of the year in the park!  You should plan a trip to the Park if you haven't! You won't disappoint!!
Had a nice picnic and walk here recently on the Shore Trail.  Despite it being pretty crowded with families hanging out in the Ross Dock area, I was able to park and picnic on a nice spot overlooking the shore  and GW Bridge.  For a nice and relaxing walk take the Shore Trail south all the way down to the end of the trail (Edgewater Entrance off the Henry Hudson Drive).  With the Bridge marking about the half way point, the trail turns from paved to dirt shortly after you pass the bridge.  This is a fairly serene walk, but I recommend it for getting some great pictures of the underbelly of the GW Bridge, as well as it just being pleasant to walk next to the Hudson River.  There is not much shade, so I would recommend coming down here either early or late in the day. With several trails in this park, I will be back soon for a proper hike!
Very beautiful area to bike. The trail is very long and lots up and down hills, many trees to help you prevent sun burn if you don't like to get dark. It's good way of challenge ride and nice view. Bathroom is convenience if you always needs to go. The police station is bathroom friendly, go for it. Parking is $5 in the weekend and holiday because lots people BBQ over there. So while you bike, you can smell some tasty meat for double joy. This place is good for hiker too!
Beautiful place to park and forget the world. Bring lunch and sit along the water or bike ride along the trails. Can get very dark at night as there really are no lights along the trails.
Still 5 stars but I was scrolling through some of my old reviews & thought why not update this one; esp with all the Protect the Palisades business going on. So obviously I still love this place & is still 1 of 2 of my favorite hikes in NJ. If you're feeling adventurous do an off trail rock scramble. If you don't know what this means then don't try to figure it out b/c you shouldn't do it anyway (^_-)
This hike kicked ass! Two days later my legs, arms and booty still hurt from all the rock scrambling! We started at the parking area at the State Line Lookout. Parking is free. There's a refreshment stand at the parking lot, good to grab lunch or water if you come unprepared. There was also a porta potty at the parking lot to be used when the refreshment stand is closed. The lookout has a great view of the Hudson river and the surrounding beauty. We started descending the stone steps until we reached the Peanut Leap falls which had only a trickle of water. We stopped for a while at the base of the falls near the Hudson river to swing on the makeshift swings hanging from the trees. From there we continued along the shore of the Hudson river until we reached the Giant stairs which is a formation created by rock slides over thousands of years. We scrambled over the rocks for over a mile, stopped for lunch halfway through and made our way up. After what seemed like ages, we emerged into an open area covered with vines. It was a relief to walk on level ground after all the rock scrambling but not for long. Soon we were climbing up again until we reached the parking lot. Sturdy footwear is an absolute must on this hike, especially if you plan on scrambling over the rocky section!
Love the giant steps. And the rock scrambling! I got my booty-enhancing workout. I walked along the river with a great view and almost busted my a$$ a few times, but it was definitely worth it. There are lots of trails to follow, but I was courageous enough to take on the hardest trail, or the lack thereof. We were climbing rocks the entire way! There is also a cute little rest area that serves burgers and dogs, energy drinks, and other small items for the exhausted hikers. Be careful when rock scrambling, because it can get a bit dangerous for those who aren't wary.
We love this park, but unlike other people we prefer to visit during the cold season otherwise is impossible to park or walk. The scenery is beautiful. Also, you can park your car at the park entrance and ride your bike across the GWB, and take a short ride around Columbia University.You will not regret it because is beautiful.
Best park in NJ I have ever been. I love walking up and down the park. It is a big park with several places to visit and relax. Also there are hiking areas near the river which is worth trying. If going to Palisades Interstate Park State Line Lookout, do the Rock Scramble. My favorite in NJ is the Rock Scramble. Which is one of the best experience of my life. It is somewhat difficult, but even a beginner can do it. However, make sure to bring lots of water and good footwear. Only other advice is to have fun. Oh, and expect 3 hours of hike, if doing the rock scramble.
Closter Landing Loop (with "Millionaire's Row") Relatively easy, quiet path along the Hudson River turns into a moderate climb up towards the noisy Palisades Parkway. This is the first time I've ever gone hiking and didn't get lost. Says a lot about how this park is laid out! Paths are clearly cut out with signs and markings every place you need them to be. Stretches of very jagged rocky trail with a few loose rocks. I would suggest boots to prevent turning ankles. Otherwise, nothing too dangerous. Scenes across the Hudson are calm, if not a little boring. Sorry Yonkers! :( A few ruins of old buildings and Lookout point have a bit of  photographing opportunity. Overall, come here for a light, relaxing workout with easy accessibility and friendly people.
I've never heard about this park until I read the reviews from my friends, Lizz K and Jennifer R.   Being a person that loves to go through challenging hiking trails once in awhile, I was amazed that there was one so close to Manhattan, and yet I've never knew about it till then.  How close is it?  You could drive there from mid Manhattan in less than half an hour ( Provided you don't get lost getting there like one of my friends did of course ). At this park, there are various spots for different activities including picnics, biking, boating, fishing & crabbing, and hiking.  For this review, I'm going to concentrate on the hiking aspect of it. There are varying levels of hiking difficulty available.  There are 4 easy trails available which is great for beginners and children.  For Moderate hikes, there are 6 trails.  For the last level, challenging, there are only two available but both are very different.  The supposedly more scenic (haven't tried it yet) is 8 miles long and is estimated to take about 5 hours to complete.   The other one, known as the Giant Stairs, is much shorter at 3 miles and 2 hours plus but it's considered the more challenging one.  Don't let that little detail detract you from going through the Giant Stairs. This trail is spectacular.This hike brings you to a long row of stairs that seeming goes on forever, then leads you to a path that follows the Hudson River right besides you.  The hardest but funnest part of the trail is a long stretch of giant rock scrambling.  Despite the warning that it's hard, some friends that rarely hikes were able to get through this with only a little bit of huffing and puffing.  Unless you exercise your leg a lot, do expect to be in pain the next day.  We all were. LOL. Tough it out and the trail leads you to a fence that separates New Jersey with New York.  Yep, you just did a multi-state trail. A little further and you wind up at the end before heading back up and is rewarded with a swing attached to a tree over the river and a waterfall. As I said, spectacular trail.  Did this one twice already and I expect to do it many times more. Warning sign: yelp.com/biz_photos/Pgy7… Waterfall:  yelp.com/biz_photos/Pgy7… Rock scramble by Hudson River: yelp.com/biz_photos/Pgy7… Swing over Hudson River: yelp.com/biz_photos/Pgy7… Panorama of trail: yelp.com/biz_photos/Pgy7…
Who knew you were able to hike the Palisades - I sure didn't. All those years crossing the George Washington Bridge over to NJ, I'd be enamored by the vertical cliffs rising from the Hudson River. This time around, I got to climb it. The Park features trails for hiking, cross country skiing, picnic areas, landmarks, boating and various look out points. With various trail hikes to choose from you may adjust your trip from 3 -10 miles. Starting at the State Lookout Line my group decided to do a 5 mile loop down to the Shore Trail & back to the cars via the Long Trail which sounds easy enough, except the "Giant Stairs" include 1 whole mile of rock scrambling up, down & across boulders that have fallen down the cliffs over 1000s of years.   After the strenuous journey across you will find yourself at the Peanut Loop Cascade where you can enjoy a waterfall or a seat on a man-made swing attached to a tree along the river's edge - yes a swing! Although it's a nice place to relax,  you'll soon be back on your feet for the ascent back up to the top of the cliff and back to the lot. Being so close to NYC, you wouldn't expect such a wild & beautiful setting a short drive from home. The varied plant life that call the Palisades home display vibrant multiple colors in Autumn, more so than what I had seen upstate. The rewards from traversing some unforgiving terrain are the breathtaking views along the cliff's edge but also serve as a reminder of how small we really are up against nature's beauty.   --------------------------- - Parking is free this time of year - There are bathrooms at the State Line Cafe - Although none were spotted, we were warned to watch out for snakes!
This park is as good as it gets.  They have bike trails, picnic areas, great views (you're basically sitting on the Hudson River) and a huge grassy knoll where you can lay out and get a tan, play scrabble or just sit and ponder the meaning of life. I've only visited the Ross Dock Picnic Area (what my review is based on) but will venture out to other sections of the vast park in due time. Feel free to bring your own grill and have a cook out with some friends. *Note: No alcohol permitted.  However, you can be sneaky about it...use your imagination. The crowd is a mix of families, couples, senior citizens, teeny boppers and young adults. From the months of May to October there's a $5 parking fee. Don't forget to bring lawn chairs or a blanket to sit/lay on. Take a moment to relax and soak up all the beauty surrounding you either alone or with friends/family. Too bad you can't enjoy all of this with a bottle of wine.  C'est la vie!
