This is a perfectly romantic place to bring your "significant other."  Your secluded from everything besides the PIP and cops patrolling the area.  So don't do nothing stupid and make sure your date is of legal age LOL
Review of Peanut Leap Cascade Trail: We came here today again with the pup and it was beautiful!! It was snowing but that didn't bother us. The trails were clear, nobody else was on the trail with us so our dog was able to be off leash. The trail markers were easily seen and lots of photo opportunities. Unfortunately, there was heavy fog/clouds so we couldn't clearly see the NY side. Getting down to the base of the mountain was easy. They had steps for you. We then ran into the large rocks where we had to scramble. We weren't sure if we were at the right place but we went up the mountain. We got about half way and decided to turn back. Only reason was because it was still snowing, our dog was having some difficulty, and we didn't know how long we would have to scramble for. This should actually be called a BOULDER scramble. Next time, we'll go without the dog and when it's not snowing and once I know what to expect, we can do it again. I even got a chance to test out both GPS tracking softwareL MapMyHike and MyTracks. I'm not sure what happened but MyTracks was more accurate. It seemed like MapMyHike lost GPS tracking for awhile. I'll just have to double check next time instead of letting the software run on its own. MyTracks Hike: docs.google.com/file/d/0… Photos: imag3l.com/?p=1319 imag3l.com/?p=1410 I'd definitely come here again. This is a great place for wild life and Fall photography!
I absolutely love the Palisades area - very scenic, beautiful and a romantic area too.  Great place to enjoy a leisure day, have a picnic (plenty in the area and along the path) and not difficult to find either.   We hiked along the Closter landing trail and saw a few pretty waterfalls.  Unfortunately, the storm has caused the toppling of many trees so a few of our paths were blocked.
Great place to go for a road ride (if not Sunday in NYC) to avoid many cars. Easy ride over the GWB and south on River Road. Some cars, but not many. Great view across the Hudson too. GREAT place to get some hill repeats in : running OR cycling. It does get cold here (shaded road) so make sure to wear legs/arms if you're riding...otherwise those killer downhills? BRRRrrr!
