OHHHH, The Pink. The Pink. The Pink. The Ultimate Dive Bar and Buffalo staple. I've been there in the afternoon (Yikes), Early Evening (Alright) and Late Night (YES) and even "Closed out the Pink" a few times. This bar has a special place in my heart. By the time you get there you're most likely pretty drunk and probably don't give a shit if the place has a hint of Urine smell. Whatevs, Right!? You'll also run into people you know - good and bad - and probably hang out on the front "patio" smoking cigarettes and people watching. The bartenders are always friendly. Just get a PBR, you might as well. I've drunkenly tasted the Steak Sandwich and it was excellent. And don't worry, you'll never run out of toilet paper! (Ladies you know what I'm talking about)
Named after the intimate regions of any woman over 75, this is a very interesting graffiti-covered bar which is infamous for its steak sandwich, that so many people have raved about (unendingly), to the extent that I felt compelled to venture down here and give it a try. "Don't share the secret", they said. OK, OK. With all this hype, it better be good. I find a lot of things on Allen Street are overrated, and sadly, this place does not break that trend. Old Pink didn't do it for me. I think their exterior is scary and cool and AMAZING, with all the cool graffiti and moon and stars and black and blue and gold and silver style stuff, really amazing setting. And the place seems really busy and lively with lots of people going in and out and a generally exciting, if divey, feeling about it. However this famous and much hyped sandwich... well let's be honest here. Yes the meat is absolutely tender, I mean it's basically prime rib style steak, grilled to perfection and then put on a sub roll. But that's where the compliments end. The whole thing is very small. It's also priced quite high ($10 would be a lot even if it was huge, but considering it's small, that's uber pricey). Then there's the fact that it really isn't seasoned at all... you've got some onions, peppers and cheese on there, but the whole thing really just doesn't taste like that much. It's subtle... it's unseasoned... it's lacking in a bit of flavour. It could easily have earned a 4/5 if it was just for the sandwich alone, for taste alone. Because it is good, and very tender, and I give it credit for that. But when you consider the fact that the wait time was something ridiculous like 25 minutes... and that I knew it would be, so I ordered ahead...or tried to... and they refuse to take phone orders... and then the fact that it's SO hyped up by so many people... and then the fact that it's actually quite small... and actually very pricey... and that it's not seasoned or really tasty... then it all combines to be a rather disappointing endeavor. This place was the 4th place on my "crazy Monday evening food tour" which consisted of some WOW places (Spice Bazaar, Kalypso), some very good places (Kung Food, Osteria), some places I didn't order from (Guercio's stop making sandwiches at 3pm, Luca was out of blood orange sorbetto) and also Press Raw Juice Bar (delicious and expensive), Zip's Pizza on Grant (not as good as the Hertel one), and Old Pink (wasn't into it). I went to so many places in such a short space of time that Yelp wouldn't even let me check into all of them. Typical me. Yelp needs to buy new servers to keep up with me.
Why not? If you're into grime, darkness and ten dollar steak sandwiches you are in the right place. They are the only punk bar in town so if you don't like it too bad, what are ya going to go to Broadway Joes?   It's a Buffalo staple. To many people it's a closing bar but it's a great place to be any other time too. Daytime drinking in here is a very different world. A lot of middle aged people yelling at the soaps on the tvs. That to me is equally entertaining then this place at 3:30 on a Friday night. The outdoor patio is a great place to be any time of the year. You get to sit on an old church pew and observe the best of the best walking by. You meet some very interesting and sometimes great people out on the patio.
I have been trying to get here with friends for the last month, no idea why I had not been here in the past The reviews are all true. i showed up at about 10:30 on Friday night with my best friend. Probably too early. It is true it gets going around midnight. The prices weren't as low as I had imagined from reviews...a draft was $4. I did see people actually order Pabst Blue Ribbon--I am thinking the low price is there, but I wasn't going to risk drinking that. I found a nice IPA that I really like now- as recommended by the bartender-Harpoon. Not too harsh and not too light, a nice beer. The bartenders were fast and happy no matter how busy it was. The music on the jukebox  and the music after the DJ arrived were both a good mix. We met some nice people and some odd people-- one meeting ending in a guy trying to fight a guy that was obviously on some type of drug who was talking to my friend. That met with a swift order from the bartender that the guy on drugs go to the other end of the bar. We finally ordered that steak sandwich-- we shared one. Food of the Gods. You cannot find a better steak sandwich even if you search the world over. I felt sort of lke I was half in CBGB and half in some bars I went to underage in the early 80s. It was absolutely fantastical. I will go back via cab even if I can't find anyone to go with. The place made me so happy.  You will want to take pictures. The bathroom was MORE than clean. At one point, early on, I think a toilet overflowed,  but I saw a bucket brigade go in there and smelled bleach after. By the time I used the ladies room, it was spotless, even if old. It has some really interesting tilework around the  mirror. I took a picture in there. I will get it up when I figure out how. I have the pics up. In the pic of me I am having a reaction to Jergens Glow Face- so just look at the bathroom lol.
For a place to get some drinks reaaaaaally late on a Friday/Saturday night, it's the best. It has what Moe's from The Simpsons has: "The Dank". The DJ plays better music than anywhere else in the city; old punk and newer indie stuff alike. There's another side to The Pink: the steak sandwich. I didn't believe my friend when be told me that they had good food; the place is old and grungy in the best kind of way. Time and time again though, I've had the best steak sandwich in my life...at the pink. Check it out.
Quite possibly the greatest dive bar in the country (not just Buffalo). the Steak sandwich is out of the world. Tender and cooked perfect each time. Also they have an extremely underrated Hamburger that no one ever mentions. if you want to go to bar with great bartenders, that serve up PBR and shots of Jameson, this is the bar for you. Leave your pretentious attitudes at home, it's truly one of a kind.
This place has a lot of local notoriety for its diveyness, cheap booze and overall seedy fun factor. I can't add much more to that discussion. All I can say is that everything you've heard about their steak sandwich is true. You need to get one before it's too late. Or better yet, get it when it's too late because odds are that that they'll still be serving it at 3am. What is it? It's quite simple really. They take a nicely cut 10-12oz+ cut of steak and grill it RIGHT BEHIND THE BAR along with a sandwich roll, some peppers onions and cheese. They cook it to order and although I was a bit apprehensive about ordering a medium rare steak from a dive bar, it did not disappoint. For $10, I got an amazing steak sandwich. I wasn't even drunk. Sure, it could have used a little more seasoning, but you got a pepper shaker there...go to town. You can't expect much more for the price. I loved how they cooked it to order and it was nice, pink and juicy. Can't wait to come back for more steak sandwiches. Yum.
This place is not for everyone. I find it dirty and somewhat smelly. Each time I have been the bathroom has been atrocious. One time there was a woman in there flashing people -- I didn't see it myself, but was told by a friend who went in. Other times, the floor was wet. The Old Pink is a dive bar. I'm just not a divey person, and if you aren't, either, I would definitely stay away. I feel this review pretty much sums things up: yelp.com/biz/old-pink-bu… Whether it's five stars or one really just depends on who you are.
A true buffalo staple with the best steak sandwich in town (it doesn't hurt that I usually get it after midnight I'm sure, but it is phenomenal every time) - not to mention it is made by the bartenders which is so cool to me -  Jordan is a standout to me behind the pine- always on top of his game (as they all are ) and willing to do a shot. The music is unique and always has me wondering who it is.   Always a diverse crowd, a testament to our diverse city in my opinion... This is why I always send out of town guests here for a true buffalo experience with a warning that looks are deceiving -  Who would think to order food here? But I have never been disappointed. Thanks for all you do there fellas, I'll be seeing you soon.
Best steak sang-wich available... If you don't like dark, dirty and awesome then stay away...
Joey makes the best grilled cheese I've ever had.  Fvck the steak. Bartenders are hyper aware of any shenanigans surrounding single women; they got your back. Drinks are good and nicely priced. Wanna dance? You can. Wanna sit in the corner and brood? You can. Sports? Yes.  Trendy? No. It's pure dive. Pool, darts.. yes. The music? Probably the best you'll find in a Buffalo bar. DJ's know their shit. From old school garage to 4AD, Caroline  and  maybe even some Death Row, they got it.  If your request isn't met, move on and dance to the next song.  Unless your request is toilet tissue,  make due or demand and wait. Imagine an American Coronation Street... sort of.   Downside for me is the one step leading into the joint.  Drinks or not , I always seem to  miss it and trip. It's dark, scrungy, and the perfect  cozy late night  hangout.
Great place to make out with a stranger at 3am.
This is my favorite late night bar. The crowd is usually fun and their drinks are really cheap.
The best dive bar I have ever been to in any city, because of: The name: It has several but was finally named by public consensus. (AKA: The Pink Flamingo, Allen Street Bar and Grill, The Pink). There is no sign on the door so to find it you just have to know. The facade: Other paint jobs may be comparable, but never better. Beer selection - more than adequate, although some nights I have to stick to bottles b/c the lines haven't been cleaned. Darts and Pool - always open to all in a friendly atmosphere The stories - my best and worst nights out always end at The Pink.  The details are just inappropriate. The steak - I've heard the rumors, but never had it myself. Supposedly its nips for a late-night meal. You heard me say this is a dive bar though, right? The checkerboard floor.
So basically I fell in love with the steak sandwich, it was cooked perfectly I ask for medium rare and I got medium rare. It was perfection
Ah, the legendary ol' pink, pretty much the core of the Allentown district's (even the entire of city of buffalo maybe?) night life. It's appeal is a mix of genuine divey simplicity and the irony of how gritty and unglamorous it is physically. It almost makes perfect sense for Buffalo, the most "happenin" drinking establishment isn't some high flauntin' dance club, but a modest, cheap older dive bar that technically doesn't even have a name on the front of it. The set-up of the place is pretty decent not very spacious but managable- a few areas to chill outside the long strip adjacent to the bar, including a couple sections for darts, pool, and a couple of other virtual games. The beer selection is very good, they have a large range of types of beer and the prices aren't bad at all. The bathrooms are atrocious; the urinals in the dudes' room is essentially just a giant old sink that a bunch of guys can fit to pee in; the stall doesn't have a door on it. The music is usually always great, there is a DJ who takes requests but in general the bar seems pretty heavy on making it's mainstay alternative 70s/80s music (think a lot of Squeeze, Talking Heads, Velvet Underground)- which is not a bad thing. Basically the bar doesn't get crowded until 12-1, and from there until closing time at 4 just has wasted people spilling in from all over the city. Sometimes it can be a bit too crowded for my taste but it's tolerable. Every time I'm there, everyone seems so drunk it's almost like anything including the most ridiculous things goes on here and it doesn't seem abnormal- it's almost like some weird vacation, fantasy world for a few hours where everything gets tolerated. And even better, I've never noticed much animosity or fighting despite people's states and the sometimes large crowd, everyone seems to have a good time. The scene could seem a bit jarring to non-regulars. Being still in college I felt pretty young and not used to a bar not dominated by people my own age (i.e, Steer or Slick Willie's)- it seems the average age of the crowd is mid 20s-early 30s, with obviously some people being younger and some people in their 50s and 60s still hanging. And it seems a bit cliquey, everyone kind of has their own group and it can seem a bit intimidating to try to approach new people. But don't be- everyone I've ever tried talking to there was friendly. The Pink really is a good time all around. I'd recommend it for anyone stopping in Buffalo. Ideally I'd give it a 4.5.
As the smell of urine hits your face, you realize that inside of the Pink is the core of humanity - that which is deep inside all of us, waiting to come out in the dark, grimy recesses of the subconscious.  Reduced to the bare humanity that comes at 3:30am in Buffalo, people interact in a new fashion here - disregarding class, race, and intoxication levels - for brief moments of occular speculation and enjoyment.  Grabbing the last beer of the night, the one you'll regret later, you join the frey and revel in the possibility of goodness coming from a building saturated in human waste. Anyway, it's my definition and standard for dive bar.  Be kind, be courteous, and enjoy your time there.  Not for the weak willed, not the most fun place to go alone, and not really a place to go before 3am, but still it serves a function higher than most places can.
Buffalo is a divey falling down the tube city so you might expect that some of the best of Buffalo would be its dive bars and Old Pink does it well with some dirt, grime, a blunt to the point ugly "What da ya want?" bartender, and a good dose of frolicking hollering drunken kids. All in all, a patron class similar to a carnival show which of course is free. Fortunately it is located in one of the better sections of ever deteriorating Buffalo on Allen Street. So if you in need of a dive bar fix, this is a pretty good place to get it.
The Pink Flamingo. The Old Pink. Allen Street Bar and Grill. The place formerly known as "The Pink." Or my personal favorite, The Stink. When those doors swing open and a waft of beer, sweat and vomit hit those nostrils, you'll know. You've arrived. To call this place a dive bar would be an understatement. It is the prototype for which all dive bars should aspire to be. It is glorious. I once heard about the Pink, "everything you've heard is true." I loved it. It's true one typically doesn't venture into this establishment before say 1am, however anytime you go there will be folks there and amazing food. Yes, I said it, amazing food (for us carnivores). I always made fun of the people who ate there until I tried the steak sandwich and cheeseburger (not at the same time). Changed my life. My mouth is watering thinking about that cheeseburger right now. There is also a terrific and eclectic mix of patrons and music always playing as well as an array of games including darts and pool. Beer and food, cheap and good. You can probably find ANYTHING you want or need in that joint. This is the place to end the night. Bonus: Due to past incidents they're uber-strict with IDs so there's not any (conspicuous) annoying under-agers andddddd The ladies bathroom never has a line or runs out of toilet paper.
I could go on and on about what a great bar this place is.  The truth is:  it's a fantastic place to get a drink (or two, or twelve) from bartenders who are masters of their craft,  a great place to get a bite to eat, and a great place to enjoy the best of Buffalo's rich palette of different people who pass through the door. While all of this is essential to what makes this place what it is, I'm instead going to try to explain the PinkExperience™ in a short story. It's a Sunday afternoon, and I'm bringing a first timer to the Pink.  Talk the place up like it's a great place, because it is.  We enter, sit on the duct-tape chairs, and are promptly greeted and given strong drinks.  The Pink has an eclectic crowd, and we began to take in the group of day drinkers, passers-by, and acquaintances we haven't yet met. First timer then asks "so what makes this place so great?"  As he gets the word "great" out, a loud conversation perks up between two gentlemen at the corner of the bar.  They're having an argument.  Then, we hear this nugget... "I bet you $50 that you can hit me with your taser, and I won't fall down".   The bartender pipes up and tells the guys to take it outside, or else.   The  two gents walk to the rest room.  You know the sound a tazer makes?  We hear that sound, followed by a loud THUD.  30 seconds later, the guy with the tazer emerges, holsters his tazer,and sits back in his seat.  Two minutes later, the guy who lost the bet came out, sits next to the first guy, reached in his pocket, bringing out two crumpled 20s and a 10. Did I mention this was on a Sunday afternoon?
Annual pilgrimage back to Buffistan for wings, football, and beer. On our way to an early lunch at Gabriel's Gate, we pass an old victorian house  painted up like some sort of satanic circus with a beer light on. We decide to check it out after our wings. Highlights: - It's 11:45AM, yet there are empty beer cans and dirty glasses strewn everywhere, apparently from the previous night. -It's winter in Buffalo, and their heater is not working. It is freezing. -We inquire about the jukebox to break up the incredibly awkward  silence of the cold, smelly bar. We're told it doesn't work, but a white-haired  man at the bar, wearing a homemade, hand-knit Buffalo Bills sweater (epic) volunteers to play some records out of the closet/DJ booth. If you had told me he was gonna play a mix of bizarre 80's elecro, I'd have called you a liar. -I order our party a pitcher of Molson and a screwdriver for the lady. I hand him a twenty and he gives me back fourteen. WTF? -The men's room features a Ralph Wilson Stadium styled piss trough, and on this occasion there was a giant turd resting in/on the toilet. -While shooting pool, we attract some unwanted attention. After some brief hellos and failed attempts at ignoring him: Derelict Man: "Man if these walls could talk..." looks around nostalgically. My Brother: "They'd probably say [makes indistinguishable drunk mumbling noises.]" The man then appears to consider attacking my brother, but instead decides to leave, making lewd remarks to both my girlfriend AND my sister on the way out, for bonus points. -I order a shot of Jameson for myself and the bartender joins me with a shot of Rumple Minze (yikes) claiming, "If I'm going to get fired today I may as well be drunk." Touche, sir. He then tells me that the building was once the first bowling alley in Buffalo. A quick glance around would suggest that he's lying, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. Lowlights: -NONE! So if you're in town for a game or just visiting, DO NOT miss out on The Stinky Pinky. Get there before noon, that's when the fun starts!
Full disclosure: my brother DJs a monthly event here, so my experiences have been mostly shaped by his soundtrack and his buddies, all local 20somethings who come here for the cheap booze, the pool tables, the friendly bartenders and the chicken sandwiches. Over time, I've come to realize that this place, known more commonly as The Old Pink or just "The Pink," isn't so much a dive as it is a living performance art piece evoking the The Idea of The Dive. It's self-aware about being the kind of place that serves PBR in a can and tasty steak sandwiches at 3am, without being too painfully self-conscious or self-righteous about it. The Pink has been reviewed in glossy magazines and boasts giant green flames down the side, yet it still remains fairly under-the-radar, at least among non-locals (and even locals, if they're over 40). You'll almost never head here intentionally before 11pm, but you'll rarely end a proper night out in Buffalo without a beer here, either, at least if you're with the right people.
Ohhh The "Pink"... This is a place where you: will wander into after a night of drinking in Buffalo, might not want to drink directly from any of their glasses, the bathroom is likely to have at least a half inch of water covering the floor at any given moment, will meet a lot of idiots. The bouncers are pricks, the bartenders are decent, and the crowd -- although they look like punks -- are nothing more than a bunch of pussies who happened to get a lot of piercings, tattoos, and give themselves some radical hairdo.
Don't let the name fool you - this place is The Old Pink, and it's a true experience to be had. This crazy looking bar sits on Allen St. in Buffalo, and it's really the people that make it what it is, though the cheap, strong drinks don't hurt. Eclectically decorated, sticker slapped, and graffitied to wazzoo, it's never boring.  The bartender, a woman in her 40's with a smoker's cough, took one look at my (male) friend and asked, "hey, did I do you?"  When he remarked later that he used to work nearby, she inquired, "which corner?"  It was all in good humor, and I honestly liked the lady. Even the regulars are characters.  As I sipped my Jack and Coke, I was regaled with tales of a dog jumping through a plate glass window (he lived) and men wearing tutus.  At that point, the bartender pointed out that The Old Pink would always be gay friendly, motioning to me and saying, "even that chick over there has a penis!"  How did she know?   I kid. The bathroom was covered in signatures and various mantras of pee-ers who had come before me.  I noticed with amusement that someone had scrawled, "PETER CETERA 4-EVA!  GLORY OF LOVE, BITCHES!" on the bathroom door.  I had to take a picture. Let's face it - if you're inspired to photograph the latrine, it's got to be an interesting place. Yep, it's a dive bar.  It's rough, and I recommend visiting during the day.  But I loved every second of my visit.
Man you gotta love The Old Pink, as it is dive bar perfection at its best. I mean it has been a mainstay in Allentown for years and hasn't changed a bit. I've finished up countless nights of drinking here and always run into a random someone I know but haven't seen in awhile when I do. Holiday times allows you to also meet your friends who are back visiting as they also are drawn to this buffalo staple for the last couple of hours of drinking when in town. Last night might have been the first time I was here before the 1-2am mark and was only time I ate there. Went for the first ever Buffalo Yelp happy hour and they made for gracious hosts. The burger was amazing mainly due to it being cooked to perfection and then topped off with the most delicious onions and mushrooms (which the bartender was kind enough to let me know was due to them being soaked in Guinness in a slow cooker for 4-5 hours) They are famed for their steak sandwich, which after the burger I will make a point to go out of my way to try. Thanks Yelp, I knew this was a great place to drink, but now know the food kicks ass as well.
The Old Pink (223 Allen Street) is the best damn bar in America.  The End. OK, I'll elaborate.  This one time, single lane bowling alley, is a dark, smelly hole in the wall where you can get the best steak you've ever had in your life.  There's usually 70s punk rock (the good stuff, pre-new-wave) playing. And the bartenders, Drew, Brian, Joey and Jay are the best in the  business.  Well, maybe not, but they're great guys, every last one of 'em. Post 2 am (Buffalo bars are open until 4 am, after all) the place turns into an odd, drunken, meat market.  It's usually pretty crowded.  Personally, I like it a little earlier, when you can chill out and chat with the staff. I miss this bar more than any other thing in Western New York except for my family that's there. The cheap but tough cocktails, the best Steak sandwich on all the planet, great music, super cool staff, and flirty punk rock girl customers make it exactly what my lead in said. This is the best bar in these United States.
Now, I'd definitely been to The Pink before the Yelp happy hour. But usually I'd roll in, after having a few drinks, with a posse of friends around 2-3am. Wandering in here at 6pm just seemed weird but I was so excited to try the food that everyone raves about. To be honest, this is not a place I'd order food from unless I got a recommendation. But the grill in there is 20 years old or something and the whole place smells of its charred delightfulness. I got a burger with cheese (regret not getting the peppers & onions) and it was damn good. I was so sad when I ate the last bite. Even though there were some drink specials for the event, the regular happy hour prices were the bomb. Now I know where I'll be coming if I find myself in Allentown craving some meaty goodness off an awesome grill.
The Pink is an Allen St. institution and is one of the great dive bars of America.  This place has always been a late night bar destination and the crowd is diverse - guys in suits to guys with mohawks.   This bar is dark, dank and crammed from corner to corner with stickers and Elvis paraphernalia.  The bar area smells and the bathrooms are only slightly upgraded from Trainspotting territory.  Lots of late night drunken humor scribbled on the walls. Drop something during a late night visit to the Pink and that shit is gone forever, say no more - I would only go after large bills and car keys.  Still though, they do have some of the most amazing bar food.  There is something odd and magical about the grill in the Pink - they do churn out one of the best steak sandwiches you'll ever find, not to mention hand cut grilled bologna sandwiches. Bartenders are cool and good at what they do.  Music tends to lean towards punk but also they play a lot of indie  - I've always dug what they play.  Drinks are not unreasonably priced.  You haven't been out late night in Buffalo if at some point you haven't been through the Pink's doors.
Old pink is probably the best dive bar in Buffalo, NY hands down. This place is always a fun time with wacky people of different social groups. From Hipster to Gangster you see all types of people. What brings all these people together and get along? The answers easy...The atmosphere and history of the Pink. Drinks at great prices and is on the top of a large number of top 10 hook up bars in the city. This place can get wild and there's a lot of things you wish you didn't see that you will see, i'll leave you to discover what that means ;). The General Manager (Matt) gets his hands in the mix when his staff is busy on the weekends. He's a great guy to know and will treat you well. The rest of the staff is just as nice, as well as attentive to the large crowds. This bar is rarely dead, even on weekends. They also serve some pretty decent food here if you start getting the drunk munchies from the powerful drinks they give you. The place can fill up and you still don't feel the need to leave, you just stay and enjoy the show (or be a part of it). There's a DJ there on the weekends and the funny thing about Buffalo is that the jukebox has been broke for quite some time, and Buffalonians love this place so much they still voted it in for a nomination for "Best Jukebox in Buffalo" , it goes to show you the loyalty of their customer base when you can pull that off!  If you can get your hands on the pool table, it's a nice little area to play some pool with your friends or significant other. Basically, if you go to Buffalo this is the place to check out, one of the older well known treasures of Buffalo's drinking fame right here. Cheers and if you go tell Matt, that Mat said hi! :)
I rolled drunk into Buffalo, NY for the first time in my adult life at 3AM on Saturday morning. My friend met me at the bus station and we took a cab immediately to the Pink. I was MARVELING about the fact that bars are open until 4am in Buffalo. We walked up to the Pink and I was immediately in love. The outside of the bar is a carnival for the eyes. Really creatively painted and there were a lot of people outside as you can't smoke inside of bars in NY state. (Absolutely amazing and wonderful.) We walked in and the only thing I can compare it to is a weird dark basement. Low ceilings, pitch black inside. Just a random colored light here and there. Velvet Elvis painting. VELVET ELIVS PAINTING. The music was spot on albeit super super loud. We're talking can't make conversation loud. I said "I'm sorry, WHAT?" more in that first hour I was there then I may have ever in my life. I went back there the next night, and while I was completely and unabashedly inebriated, it was that good of a time the second night. The bartender was attentive and the doorman bought me a shot. I will most definitely be back here.
The Old Pink is where its at for Happy Hour on Wednesdays. The steak sandwich is amazing. If you're feeling adventurous...try some fried bologna. Be nice to the bartenders and they will be nice to you. This is the spot to be at 4 AM on friday or saturday (or any other day) if you are lonely and looking to canoodle. Its not an epic evening unless you end up at The Pink.
"Dive Bar" just doesn't do the Old Pink justice. It's so much more than that. I've been a patron since 1988. They play a lot of the same music. No pretensions, no illusions. The steak sandwich is outstanding, but I've been vegetarian since 1990, so I've mostly just smelled them. The bartenders know how to pour. You can walk in wearing everything from tuxes and gowns to ripped cargo shorts, and you'll feel at home.
The Old Pink, (as opposed to the New Pink, which no longer exists, kind of the like the New Coke if you think about it), is the epitome of the dive bar; kind of scary, kind of dirty, but a place you ultimately feel warm fuzzies about stumbling into at 3 in the morning. I was terrified the first time I went there, but afterwards couldn't get there enough. You will mysteriously loose hours in this place but it won't matter. This place is awesome. You can't buy the character this place has. Oh, and the Steak Sandwich! OMG, you would never expect it, in fact the thought of eating food here might blow your mind, but trust me, its heaven on earth.
Proper dive bar. Killer NY strip steak sandwich and 2 bud bottles for $14. Locals are super friendly as is the surly-on-the-outside bartender. Stoked to have made you acquaintance 223. Oh yeah, approached on my way in by a gentleman claiming to be the local "candy man". My kind of neighborhood bar. Easy drive back to BUF .
This place is an institution. It's awful and crowded and disgusting but magical and wonderful all at once. Everyone ends up here between 3-4am. I could have a great time, just kicking it in the bathroom, and have on many a night, because that's a party in itself. It's so dark and dank in here, it's like its own world, like the lion, the witch and the wardrobe. I love the summer nights when everyone gets kicked out at closing time but the party gets continued outside. The one bartender hooks drinks up for me because he likes my hair.
Three things that Pink  has going for it, right off the bat: 1) A phone booth, that works, and has a phone book. Where do you ever see that nowadays? 2) Delicious burgers. Seriously, that is probably one of the greatest burgers I have ever eaten. Had I not been so full I would have also tried the steak sandwich (it's a steak on bread--literally a steak sandwich). 3)The tunes were great. I'm a sucker for dive bars. There is something about a dimly lit spot with loud music and questionable characters that make my little heart happy. Regulars planted solidly on their stools, chitchat with the bartenders, sports on the tv and pool being played over your shoulder. Dive bars are my cup o' tea. The Pink does not disappoint at all. Reasonably priced drinks, good food, pleasant company. The only downside to this spot is that it's on Allen, which means parking can be poop. But if that is my only complaint? Then obviously they're doing alright.
In it's category (dive bars), this would be a 4 star dive. It's dark. It's dirty. It has a giant grill in front of your eyes, and the drink prices are listed according to shot, straight, rocks, double. This tells you people come here on a mission, and I was surrounded by folks completely meeting that goal. I was there earlier in the night so it was a calm and mostly quiet place to enjoy a drink in your favorite dive atmosphere, whilst surrounded by both regulars and young kids occasionally hooting and hollering. I will return when needed to scratch the dive bar itch.   Ah yes, and I hear their sandwiches/burgers are amazing. Not sure if that's a drunk amazing or a sober amazing. We shall see.
This place is a little different.....Dark and a bit of a dive bar, but the bartender was super nice, chatted us up while we grabbed a beer and then we went on our way.....The only reason I knocked it a star is the "regulars" that were in there, TRASHED (and thats putting it lightly) were just loud and yelling at each other....Couldn't even make out what they were saying!! I was surprised how dead it was on a Sat evening (like 5pm) for as well rated as it is on Yelp!
S'okay, I guess.   Took my out of town buddy out here for a little drink-aroo and the crowd was nice.  A little hipster and one lady I held the door for said "Thanks, girl".  Last time I was called "girl" it ended with "you'll be a woman soon" and then somebody named Vincent Vega came at me with a really big needle.  Everything went black after that. The bartender than night looked like a tired Conan O'Brien, so that was a perk!   Otherwise, the crowd was nice, not TOO out of control and the place had enough room so you don't feel like your playing elbow hockey with everyone else. Two Blue Moons were $8 which is okay and parking on a weekend is a nightmare.  Make sure you wear your most comfortable Cha-cha heels for the hike between the car, the bar, and Jim's Steakout down the street.
I make it my duty to go to as many dive bars across the states, and I'm glad I added this one to the list. Dirty, dark, cheap, great. Bartender ruled and gave us a whole bunch of free booze. I tend to ignore most of the other people that are in bars, but I found it weird that there was some type of bachelorette party going on in there - my memory is ridiculously horrible from that night - but I remember that my bf was getting a little creeped out. I'll definitely be back.
The Old Pink is as good as it gets for a dive bar.   This is where I first heard Nirvana, and ate the best Steak Sandwich I have ever had. If you want to hang out, drink beer and listen to good music, start or end your night here.
OK- what's with the stupid new name? I wouldn't enter this place now without rubber gloves, antiseptic wipes and non-skid shoes.... and couldn't stay long enough to risk using the facilities. That said, when I was 17 (legal age 21) and  Mohawks were in only their first come-back- this place was where it was at, Now - I go to bed at 11pm and only drink in establishments that have children's menus.
For the unitiated, a little dirt and danger in your food is a good thing. Sometimes your soul needs a night out, the body that carries it can bathe in purell later. A Steak sandwich from the Pink will remind you that you are alive. Don't look at it, don't worry about your dignity, just drop your face into it and enjoy (that is probably good advice for some other reviews but that's for another time). Good bartenders, a building that oozes so much character it might be sticking to your shoes. Best dive bar that should just keep on doing what it is doing and ignore the outside. Only place I've ever seen a dreadlocked college kid and woman somewhere south of 70 dance....to the Clash. Good bullshit free food, do it, go, now, you might hate yourself in the morning, but that's for later. Enjoy now
Biased review... Worked there thru the '90s.  Best Dive Bar ever.  My description... an indoor outhouse. Great memories, still great food.
5 stars for food, booze, atmosphere and mixture of freaks and weirdos. 0 stars for the drastic increase in hipsters and "look at me!"s.
Dive bar heaven!  Well the outside looks like something straight out of scary satanic carnival ride at an amusement park or traveling gypsy circus.  The inside can be dark and dingy and it's very likely you will be stumbling in the door when you arrive and then out the door when you leave here.....or most likely due to the cheap drinks.  The bar itself is one of the longest end to end I've ever encountered in Buffalo, and the red lighting above it gives it that perfect divey feel....kind if like being in a Submarine diving deeper and deeper into a dark abyss. The place and crowd can be just as diverse as its music selection. And with all the Elvis pics and busts behind the bar, I'm a little surprised I haven't heard the King jamming away on any of my visits. I brought some first timer suburbanite friends on a Allen Street bar hopping session the other night.  I previewed the steak sandwich picture from Yelp and they immediately ordered up the famous steak sandwich (grill is open until 3 AM!).  Every last bite was consumed by all with glorious delight, followed by two thumbs up and ear to ear smiles around the bar.
The best bar in Buffalo, which is to say the world.
Even though I know I've royally increased my chances of catching an STD just by walking into this place, and I never really want to go, I still find myself there and never cease to have a good time. It's the dive of all dives. I've shut the place down, I've day drank there (THAT'S a sight), I've brought out-of-town friends there as part of my personal Buffalo tour, and I always run into a mix of good friends and scumbags. All under one roof. This is the type of place where, if you spend too much time there, you might find yourself contemplating what direction your life is going. But you'll always have an entertaining night.
If you have not been to The Pink, you must go.  It might be best if you are a little tipsy, or should I say... hammered?  But, yes.  Go.  The best dive in buffalo.  Fun music, eccentric crowd.  Haven't been here in while, but last time I went, I brought friends from Portland.  They. loved. it.  If you don't have fun, you are lame.  ;)
Dirty and often smelly place filled with drunks and druggies listening to boring oldies and indie.  Almost never any newer music or live acts.  Just because it packs in with people at 3AM doesn't make it a good place to be unless you're so inebriated that you'd be embarrassed to be in public but still know how to hold on to your composure enough to avoid the grime.  Can be fun for a cirrhosis developing alcoholic but if you go here too many times it will negatively affect your life.  Food's nothing special and overpriced. Drinks are average and at the almost standard prices for many Buffalo barfs.  Stupid clientèle may entertain you at their own expense.  If you like spending your time and money in the surroundings of lowlife bar trash culture then it's a good place.
Go here if you want to run into everyone you ever knew in high school. Otherwise, go to one of the many cleaner places up and down the street.
hands down, my favorite place for a night of debauchery.  nothing good can come of a night that ends at this place, and i LOVE that. old and thoroughly worn, this dive is an institution full of local character and life.  the music is never pretentious and neither are the bartenders or patrons.  whether its quiet or brimming, this is the best place to take a time out from life... if you're lucky, you'll catch an opportunity for some of the best fresh cooked steak and chicken sandwiches to come off a grill in all of wny...
It's all a blur to me.
It took the first UYE for me to finally get into this place.  The steak sandwich ($10) is unlike any other I've had in my life.  First off, it's made on a grill that's right behind the bar (CO poisoning, anyone?) and it took 15 minutes to make but it was well worth the wait.  Other steak sandwiches, you think strips of steak or shaved like a Philly.  Here, they don't mess around w/ that - a full slab of steak between a toasted sub roll piled with onions and peppers.  You don't often get to eat steak like that b/c even when it's on a plate, you're fork/kniving it but there's something special about chowing down on a whole piece like that.  The place is a little dingy and the TVs need serious updating, but there's a certain charm that goes w/ this place and I'd go back for the steak sandwich anytime.
I got stuck in Buffalo for an evening (emergency landing on NY - CHI flight) and ended up wandering in this joint after asking a regular ol' cab driver if there was a punk bar anywhere in town.  Luckily, the cabbie had been a former regular at The Old Pink and dropped me off there.  It was exactly what I had hoped for, though I wish they had a covered area to smoke under since it was pouring that night.
Ok, so I've probably been here like 5 times in my life after I have had a couple drinks. If vampires were real (which they are) they would come here. It's dark and dirty. But 2 of my boys tell me they have the best steak burgers and regular burgers ever!! So I walk into this place ready to give it a try and I walked out twice. Today I finally did it. They make the food right in front of you and the steak burger was pretty good. I kinda like the pot roast burger from Coles better tho. I do plan on giving this place another shot or two to try the regular burgers.
Jeez, why aren't there MORE reviews of this place??? A dingy, dusty, cruddy old place where they play GREAT music (I heard Jane's Addiction there one night, Three Days & Then She Did... both in a row!!), make decent sandwiches & the service is fast! And, like the other reviewer said, the men's room has a trough. And the men's room is pretty atrocious anyway. You could say it's part of the charm of the place... Had the grilled chicken sandwich one night & it was DELICIOUS. I hear the steak sand is even better.
This place is perfect.  I came up from New Jersey for two nights, rolled in here after seeing the great Billy Joe Shaver at the overly bright and spiffy Sportsman.  The just-paint-it-black punk rock interior of the Pink was just what the Dr. ordered... We pulled up next to a charming woman at the bar named "Molly".  I was skeptical when she said it was "her bar", but damn it, I do believe it was, quite literally!  She had a lot more hair than I do (which is saying something), and she bought us shots... so if she ended up with my skulls-and-spider-webs scarf (which I left there), she totally deserves it!  Rock on, Molly and the Pink!
I like garbage bars, and garbage people, and I can handle just about as much character as you can toss at me and pinkys has character and garbage in spades. And, it's not often I get the urge to mouth off or toss a bottle at someone's head, but Pinky's got me there and it got me there fast. Walked in, sat down, couldn't see the taps because folks were in the way so I asked Pugsley (the short bald barman with the genetic disorder) what was on tap and he looked at me with disdain (thinking I'd imagine with great difficulty, "can't this asshole read?") and simply said, "we have whats on tap", and walked off to busy himself. Alright, I didn't ask for a martini made of unicorn blood, not a crazy question in a dark bar with a decent population. So yeah, alright dude, no problem, we'll play that game. So, I eyed the guy shamelessly hoping he'd at least take a drink order from me but nope, wouldn't look at or serve me. I've never been denied service at a bar before. With my pride a little tarnished and me wondering just how cool Buffalo cops might be to an out of town fireman I decided not to risk any mouthyness and tuck my tail and go. I'm sure this place will take pride in that, and it's no skin off my back, not my town and not my problem. I'll probably venture the place again if I'm ever in Buffalo, just for the challenge. But Buffalo is so damn depressing I don't know if I'll ever make it back.
A friend of a friend recommended this bar to me when I first moved to Buffalo.  Took the recommendation and went with a friend, and we were both utterly disgusted and embarrassed that this was the kind of place someone from Buffalo would want to show off to an out of town guest or new WNY citizen.  The clientele and bar itself were disgusting, and we left without even finishing our drinks.  Perhaps it's a great dive for true Allentown locals, but I would never ever take anyone here as a representation of the great things (I now know) Buffalo has to offer.
You've heard about their famous steak sandwich, you've heard it's where the entire city of drunken 21 to 50+ year olds end up after a night of drinking as if they were moths attracted to a lightbulb. The food there (fried bologna, hamburgers, cheeseburgers, bbq chicken sandwiches, and of course the famed steak sandwich) is a much better alternative to the "pub grub" at a usually over crowded, annoying, Jim's Steakout down the street. What is even better is it is cheaper and you don't have to leave the bar! They are usually watching whatever the most relevant sports games are on and it's open from 10 am to 4 am! I DJ there usually once a month on a Monday for an event which I call Skate Night. The TV plays skateboarding videos and I raffle off prizes to benefit The Buffalo Public Skatepark. The Bar is the definition of Kitschy Dive Bar. The DJs play classic hits (No top 40s allowed) that everybody loves at a danceable decibel. There is an odd stale stench that does not deter the place from seeing elbow to elbow crowds throughout the bar and out in front of the bar. Friday and Saturday nights are so packed you would think Johnny Rotten, Elvis, or Morrissey, or even (insert influential celeb name) were delivering a free speech with free booze every weekend. There's no dress code. There's no satellite radio DJ its mostly all real albums. If you're not from around here, head to the pink for a taste of what Buffalo is really all about. Friendly people, good food, who are drunk enough to see past subtle differences and befriend each other.
Took so long for a drink I felt like a black person at Denny's in the early 90s. This place is mad sketchy - I feel like I should get tested for many things!!
Best burger.  Best music.  Beers so cold they hurt.  What more could anyone want ?
the old pink is our second home. and by our, i mean the good ol' days with mike at the door, pat, brian, chris behind the bar...oh sweet jesus i love the pink. you must respect the pink and its clientele and if not, we don't want you there
