Good prices on wetsuits! (Cheaper than Amazon Prime) They also carry Hero GoPro cameras. And full scuba outfits. Their dive courses are all conducted in Dutch Springs, a cold lake in PA. Beyond that, they have dive club recommendations for ocean dives. Staff is informative and helpful. Asphalt Green & a nice park are right nearby and worth checking out while you're at Adventure Scuba.
Ariella was an excellent instructor! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the person who I dealt with on the phone and emailed with beforehand was a bit rude and was trying to convince me that I needed to buy equipment to do the course. You do not need to buy the equipment, they have stuff you can borrow. If you can request to have Ariella I would - she was clear, fun, nice, helpful and didn't waste time.
Adventure Scuba made me a Scuba diver.  Which, I must say, was a feat for Scuba Tom.  Apprehensive about the process, Tom was able to guide me though the process.  He was great.  That said, he could have made some more basic tips - I had to find out from my father-in-law that I was over breathing the first round which caused intense fatigue.  All in all, a good experience.
I just got my PADI Open Water certification referral and gear through Adventure Scuba. For the most part, it was a good experience. My instructor John was nice, very knowledgeable, and got all our classroom and in-water stuff done in one day during the Executive Weekend class. The confined water portion was done at Asphalt Green, which is right across the street, which was very easy. My only complaint came that there was no rental gear available. Being a beginner, I obviously have no frame of reference for scuba, but for snorkeling, most shops will let you at least rent fins. Not the case here. But as far as getting certified goes, they're good at what they do.
I went in there recently during the week.  The older gentleman behind the counter (who I assume is the owner) was incredibly rude, discourteous, and dismissive.  I had questions which seemed to annoy him.  I would rather give my money to a store which appreciates my business.  If anyone were to ask me, I would tell them to go shopping for scuba/swimming gear somewhere else.
Found Adventure Scuba per a Yelp Deal -- not sure if I'm more grateful to Yelp for the referral, or to Adventure Scuba for the awesome lesson! Seth was the lead instructor for the Discover Scuba (first timer) class, and he was great, as was Justin! They were both friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. Just as described, we watched a brief prep video and then headed to Asphalt Green Unified Aquatics across the street for our in-water lesson. After suiting up, our class of eight (10 with the instructors) was in the pool about 30-45 minutes. It was hard to swim underwater too much because of the small pool size, but your body definitely experiences what it's like to scuba (breathing with a tank, being submerged, handling the equipment, etc). Follow up/advanced lessons take you in to a larger pool. You can get your PADI certification through Adventure Scuba as well (they provide discounts post-introductory course if you want continue), which averages about $500 for the lessons and online training. Definitely recommend this place. Thanks Yelp and thanks Adventure Scuba!
My girlfriend and I took the Discover Scuba class at Adventure Scuba on the Upper East Side because of a package deal we found on Yelp. The class ran from 6-8, but we spent the first hour watching an introductory video and gearing up before even getting wet. Although the video was helpful, I think a little more hands-on experience would have been worthwhile. Our instructor, Ray, was super patient and made the best of the little time we had. I guess for the price, an hour of practice was worth it. I just think scuba diving is something that requires a bit more practice, and you can't really learn a skill like this in an hour.
GREAT SHOP! They make it easy and convenient to complete every aspect of the open water certification process. The staff (owner included) are knowledgable, and have no problem reviewing even the simplest information. They never pressure you to buy equipment but are happy to suggest pros and cons for each variety when you are ready to buy. Overall: the perfect scuba experience! Can't wait to go back for new gear before my next trip.
This place was awesome. Seth, the owner, was very helpful and I ended up doing the coursework and pool training with him. All of the instructors were really nice and patient (but also good at catering to more advanced students, like myself). I had a blast and am super excited about being certified and will probably go back to do more advanced training (weekend trips) with them. Also, one of the better deals ($) in the city to get certified with some sweet student gear packages!
I signed up for the executive weekend class a month ago but wasn't able to finish all five modules of the pool session due to time constraints. The owner Seth was very helpful by letting me come back two weeks later to complete the course w/o any additional charges. In addition to Seth, the guy in the front is also very friendly and helpful. I couldn't find a wetsuit that fit me well despite trying on four to five wetsuits, but rather than pushing me to make a purchase, he suggested that I look online or go to Patagonia. The two instructors that I had (Tony and Ray) were also great. They were both very thorough and patient in explaining and demonstrating the skills. Overall, I was very pleased with my experience with Adventure Scuba and highly recommend them to everyone.
Adventure Scuba was GREAT.  I contacted them for a review of my PADI before I went diving in Greece.  Seth was amazingly helpful to me for getting me a temp card (I had lost my original PADI card).  I had an emergency the night of class and missed the course.  I called later and was able to come to the next lesson.  I had picked up the refresh book earlier so was ready for my class.  My instructor Christophe Thomas was incredibly great.  He was very attentive and adapted everything to my level.  i am sure he teaches this course alot, but I never once felt he was bored or that the course was routine.  He gave me incredible insight and instruction - I felt this refresh was better than my original course. I am now re-enthused with my diving and plan to progress and get more PADI certifications next spring.  I will definitely be using Adventure Scuba for those certifications.
When I decided I wanted to obtain my PADI Open Water certification, I did my research, and Adventure Scuba seemed to be the best - and they are!  After registering for the Executive Weekend Class, Seth (the owner) called me and talked me through the next steps, where to find the courses online, and what I'd need to do before class.  He made it really easy. I completed all six modules of the online class, and stopped into the store to purchase  my gear, before showing up for yesterday's Executive Weekend pool class.  As others have mentioned, the class is at Asphalt Green, and it's very convenient.  These guys have this class down to a science.  They run it so efficiently, and my small group (two other girls), plus our instructor Thiana, had so much fun!  Thiana is an excellent instructor and is so patient and clear when she teaches you each of the new skills. I'll continue to obtain my certification with Adventure Scuba by doing the Open Water dives with them out in Dutch Springs. If you're looking to become certified, I can't imagine it be any easier, fun and educational as doing it with Adventure Scuba.
My husband and I took the Open Water Referral executive course prior to our trip to the Cook Islands.  Prior to the one-day course, Adventure Scuba mailed us two books and a course DVD for our review.  We read the book and answered all the knowledge questions.  However, when we tried to watch the DVD, we realized that the second part (there were two parts) did not work.  We realized this the day before the course, so we were unable to contact Adventure Scuba and get another DVD on such short notice.  On the day of the course, we met our instructor Tony, who at the time seemed competent and even mentioned having been certified since 1993.  The only red flag raised at the moment was, he kept insisting that we would need to purchase wetsuits, despite admitting to the pool temperature being around 75 degrees.  We politely refused the wetsuits (really, we're NYers, we can do 75 degrees!) and he even laughed and said we would definitely regret our decision not to buy them.  We also mentioned that the second part of the DVD course didn't work and Tony did not seem overly concerned about this, so we figured we would catch up by practicing.  Once in the pool, we went through the first two modules with no obvious problems.  The afternoon session was more intense and I had a hard time completing one of the skills before running out of time, whereas my husband completed all of his confined water dives within the time frame.  As we expected, wetsuits were completely unnecessary!  So we go back to the dive shop, Tony hands me my referral for the 3 modules completed and my husband his for the entire 5.  He told us to take the referrals to the Cook Islands (where we were to continue our certification) and we would have no problems with our next PADI center.   Imagine our surprise when, on Open Water Dive number one in the Cook Islands, we realize that Adventure Scuba gave us all sorts of wrong instruction!  To start, we were taught that if we were wearing purge masks, we only needed to know one method of clearing our masks.  Also, Adventure Scuba neglected to teach us to properly descend by holding the BCD deflating hose at its highest point and instead insisted that we descend by pulling on a cord on the right side of the vest!  To say that we were vastly unprepared for our first confined water dive is an understatement!  Our PADI instructor was so concerned with our safety and lack of competence that he decided to abort the rest of the dive and instead go over the skills we were supposed to have learned at Adventure Scuba.  He said he has never seen anything like this and he worries that Adventure Scuba is signing referrals for people who are clearly not in a position to do an Open Water dive yet.  Eventually, we were able to learn these skills with the help of a very patient and competent instructor in the Cook Islands, and get certified as PADI Open Water Divers, but it took going back to the basics and learning everything we were supposed to have learned at Adventure Scuba.   After coming back from my vacation, I contacted Adventure Scuba and told them about my experience.  I was screamed and yelled at by Seth who claims he's never heard of anything like this happening and even argued that his rental equipment does not have a deflating string on the right side of the BCD.  This is a lie and he knows it.  Instead of an apology or partial refund, I was told that it was the fault of the PADI instructor in the Cook Islands that we didn't know what we were doing in the water.  I find this lack of professionalism unacceptable, and hope that people considering Adventure Scuba for their certification find a better PADI center to spend their money.
Just got certified to go diving for the first time.  Not a huge fan of the PADI empire, but these guys are great - a little salesy but in a harmless way, they guide you through everything you need to know, both about being safe, but also some common sense workarounds and from their experience as pros.  A lot of fun, can't wait for the first dive of my vacation!  Would definitely go back or recommend them to anyone in the area.
Decided to come here to get certified PADI Open Dive.  When I first came by to sign up for classes, the sweet girl working there was super friendly.  She was very helpful.  I will still a little nervous about it.  Later when I met my instructor ,Ray, he got me super excited. He was so patient with me.  He is a great instructor.  I had an awesome time and I can't wait to dive into the water of Aruba!
