A GRAVEYARD WHERE ONCE STOOD AN ARCADE! Centipede, Galaga, and Ms. Pac-Man ... back in the 80's games likes this were staples of any arcade and today thay stand as classics. It's amazing that when you look at the graphics on these games that you realize that full versions of current games can now be played on your phone while quick versions of these 80's classics would probably bore you if you saw them on a loading screen. And herein lies the problem, the games offered in this arcade are too simple, not enough fun, and most importantly, they are relatively expensive compared to what you can download and play for FREE on your phone or computer. For example, I can download most old NES classics to my Nintendo Wii for the equivalent of just $3. It's mine forever and if I transfer it to a memory card, then I can even play it at a friend's house. Why on Earth would I spend more than $3 when I am essentially just renting it? Way back in the 1950's and 60's it was part of the Adventurer's Inn chain of arcades/mini-amusement parks with small food areas. In 1965 Adventurer's Inn moved to a different part of Yonkers and a Nathan's Famous restaurant was physically attached to it, the first one north of New York City. However, the arcade still takes up the majority of the space and people still primarily go to this location for the video arcade and pinball machines, some of which are historic. The biggest problem of all has to be the state of the arcade. It was always loud and like they say in music, if you're too loud, then you're too old. But it's also dirty and a lot of the games are broken and should be thrown out instead of standing as a reminder that the place is falling apart all around you. Everyone knows that the crane games are scams, but they are especially worse at this location given that the crane arms tend to be too flimsy to grip even the lightest prize. Same your money and save your time and take your date to the New Roc City in New Rochelle instead. They will have a lot more variety in the game types and activities to do. This old date spot of mine resides in my mind as only a fading memory.
