I love this zoo. If you live in the city, heck yes you should go whenever you can and as many times as you can (get a zoo membership, I have the Family Premium Pass and it paid for itself with one trip to the Bronx Zoo, seriously), and if you're visiting the city and love zoos, definitely plan a full day for this one. It's a giant foliage and animal filled wonderland of nature and fun, and I love it. Don't go on the free day - I love free and it pains me to say this, but the zoo is super crowded on free day and you just can't enjoy an overcrowded zoo. It's pricey, but if you're doing it, I recommend going big or going home and getting the ticket that lets you do everything. There are a lot of extra attractions in the zoo that you have to pay for, but are included in the unlimited access pass (and the membership pass), and they are worth it. The gorilla exhibit is wonderful, you will always see several gorillas and up close. The safari is ok, it's on a tram so kids will like it, and you will definitely see the animals on it. Jungleworld is great, it has black jaguars.  There's an extra "children's zoo", the kids that I've brought to the zoo have particularly loved the prairie dog exhibit here; and there's also a bug carousel that is included in the unlimited access pass (and with the membership pass, seriously, get it). There is plenty of parking, I think it's $13 or free if you have a membership pass (again, free).  The food is overpriced and nothing special- especially if you have a car, I would recommend bringing a cooler and having a picnic. If you park in the Asia parking lot it is right next to a picnic/eating area. In Queens, the Q44 will take you to the zoo faster than the green or red subway lines will, fun fact. (Of course) Souvenirs are also expensive, but there are penny machines all over the place where you can crush a penny and imprint an animal on it, so much fun! And only 51 cents. Souvenir score.
I have to say that I have a new found love for the Bronx Zoo.  You know most times when visiting, you're the checking out exhibits, ooohhing and aahhhing over all the magnificent, majestic animals and scrambling around excited children.  But I recently visited because my cousin has decided to hold her wedding ceremony there.  Yes, I said WEDDING.  She and her fiance are major animal lovers.  Nevertheless, my first thought was WHY would you want to be surrounded by funky animals during on your wedding day??  I have to say that I couldn't have been more wrong and was thoroughly surprised when we met with the wedding coordinator. First of all you're invited to see the grounds shortly before closing time.  At that point visitors are leaving the zoo for the day and you can really take in the grounds and architecture which in truth are quite beautiful.  There is a gorgeous fountain and well manicured lawns surrounding the seals and a number of other buildings where the lions and monkeys are kept.  There are lots of spots where wedding pictures/videos can be taken.  The real treat and surprise of the tour is when we viewed the area where the reception and cocktail hour will be held.  I pretty much forgot I was at the BRONX ZOO.  There was also no smell to speak of considering that the lion, monkey AND rhino houses were nearby.  The event staff is incredibly professional and very detailed oriented.  We also were able to see (from a respectable distance) a wedding that took place on the day of our visit.  It turned out to be a lovely service. While I would not do this for myself, I can definitely see why this zoo has been around for so long and even has weddings on site.  It's clearly all about taking care of things with the utmost attention to detail.
The Bronx Zoo is one of the premier zoos in the world and an iconic New York City landmark. It is a great way to spend a sunny afternoon outdoors. The zoo is relatively inexpensive entertainment especially for families. It is free on Wednesday but there is also a family pass that allows 4 people unlimited entrance for a year for about $125. This alos includes the the four other zoos within the city limits and the aquarium. This allows you to go at different times of the year as animals tend to be lazier in the summer months and more active in the spring, autumn and for cold weather animals the winter. The zoo itself is a pleasant experience with many different types of animals. The Gorilla exhibit and the Asian Monorail are always interesting to me. I love the reptile house and the butterfly garden is great in the summer. Hippos, Rhinos are always interesting to me and there is a great giraffe exhibit where you can feed them. Last time I ewas there the lion was roaring continuously which had everyone gathered to see what was up. The food here is okay at best and expensive. Best to keep to straight forward snacks like ice cream and burgers. Or avoid the food here and go over to Authur Ave for some plus Italian.
On a nice spring day the zoo is a fun way to spend the afternoon. My only gripe this time was that the animals most people can't wait to see were not on exhibit on this particular day. Big let down especially for $20 each person.
I had a review and tons of pictures up. I don't have them on this computer so I just put  a few back up. I don't know what it said or the reason Yelp took it down since they didn't bother  to contact me as usual. My Vet says the reason animals go extinct is because the earth can't support them any more and to keep them in captivity is selfish. He has a point. Did you guys see Rise of the Planet of the Apes last year with James Franco? imdb.com/title/tt1318514
I love this zoo, best zoo ever.  We went really early,  right when it opened at 10am.  Parking location was important so check out the zoo's website before you go.  I liked parking by the Asian exhibit, it's close to the monorail and the trolly pickup area.  Don't be cheap get the full priced tickets so you can see everything and get on the rides.  The gorilla exhibit was insane, they waved at my wife.  Back up buddy, find your own girl.
Its the Bronx Zoo! One of the best zoos in the country! Free on Wednesdays, $15 regular admission and $27 for the Total Experience Ticket which gives you admissions to any seven of the special attractions....except the $5 camel ride...go figure. Honestly I think this Summer I just might go all out and get a membership, for $80 you get free admission to the Bronx Zoo, New York Aquarium, Central Park Zoo, Prospect Park Zoo, and Queens Zoo... which is an amazing deal. They used to have these really cool animal head cups for soda back in the day...they don't have them anymore. :(  My only complaint! This is one of the best zoo's hands down. Go on Wednesday if you want to walk around and have a good time for free or very little $$. Or go during one of the paid days for less of a crowd. The Bronx Zoo never ceases to amaze and entertain me, even after all these years.
I have many fond childhood memories of this place and I still love it as adult. New exhibits are added every couple of years and there's always something new to see. The monarail and the congo are my two favorite exhibits.
It's been a long time since I've been to a zoo probably 10+ years and this is the first NY zoo I've visited.  There didn't seem to be too many animals to see as they were all hiding and many of the larger animals you did see were just chilling in a corner almost completely out of sight from the visitors.  Can't say I can blame the animals because if I was in a tiny plot of land like they were, I probably would jump off the cliff head first and end my daily boredom of walking around in circles.   The one  thing I did not enjoy about the Bronx Zoo at all is the fact you must pay extra (another 20 bucks IIRC) if you want to see all the extra exhibits.  It seemed like every other corner you turned, you had  those annoying booths asking for 5 dollars to enter or pay the 20 bucks for each person to see their "special" exhibit.   Thank god I'm not a parent but I can see the cost of admission getting unreasonably high when I could take the kids to an amusement park for the same price and get access to ALL the rides without being dinged everywhere I turned.  If there's one thing that I can't stand is being nickled and dimed  to death, they should just build it into the admission price and call it a day.  There's nothing worse than leaving the zoo feeling like you've been taken advantage of by a carny.
so, i went to the bronx zoo a few weekends ago for volunteering. i was basically chaperoning young adults. i was accompanied then throughout my trip by 2 other coworkers (that i had just met) and 3 siblings aged about 8-14. we had our ticket and food paid for. work bought us the jumbo pass with all the add-ons. we arrived right as it was opening and headed straight to the gorillas. i still cannot believe you have to pay extra to see a permanent exhibit at the zoo. one complaint about this zoo: i feel like you have to do a lot of extra walking to get where you want to go. also, the map is difficult to follow. i cannot believe that i am admitting that. i usually don't have issues with maps, but this one kept giving us problems. a surprise hit: the bug carousel! we went for a ride on it right before leaving. it was a nice way to get a little break before walking the last bit to the bus. we were at the zoo until 3, so a fairly full day. the 6 (and then 7 of us in the afternoon) made it to almost everything except for "asia" and the jungle section. times visited: 2 time in zoo: 5 hours overall: B museumhopper.blogspot.com
ADMISSION: When I went the admission was either $15 for general admission or $27 for a full access pass to the other zoo attractions. Turns out Wednesday the admission is waived (suggested) . So if you have a choice to wait and go on a Wednesday definately do, otherwise it's a pretty expensive trip, especially if you're paying for more then yourself. EXTRAS: I paid the $15 and decided that when I go to the parts of the zoo that are additional costs and I want to do them I'll pay the extra fees. At the end of the day I didn't get to do enough to have make the $27 a good deal but it was close. The wild Asian safari tram (for $4) isn't that good but I would say it's still worth a maximum of about $4. You get to go on a cool tram trip around the park and see a couple animals that are only visable to visitors on the tram and the tour guide gives some interesting information on the animals along the way. The problem is a number of the animals weren't visable or barely visable on the far end of their spaces. It wasn't spectacular but for only $4 it was a nice ride. The other additional cost was the Gorilla habitat ($3) which I think is pretty ridiculous that you have to pay an extra admission in a zoo to see another animal but I suppose some of the proceeds go to protecting the gorillas in the Congo so thats good. It was frustrating going on a nice Saturday and having the swarms of people crowding the glass were you can't get a front row view of the Gorillas but even with that the Gorillas were the highlight of the trip, they're really amazing to see and I'm pretty sure I've never been to a zoo with Gorilla's before so that was great to see. The other extra costs that I was hoping to check out are the Skyfari cable car ride and the Butterfly House. ANIMALS: The featured exhibit was the Madagascar exhibit which was full of the coolest Lemurs and that was also a great exhibit to check out (it wasn't an extra cost). The tiger exhibit was a little weak with only 2 Bengel tigers both of which were spending their time behind logs hidden from visitors, same with the Grizzly Bear exhibit which only had one bear from what I could see.  But this is the price you pay to go to a zoo that gives the animals proper space with great environments and not small empty cages so its really a double edged sword. I would say one of the coolest things about the zoo is that there are at least a dozen Peacocks roaming the zoo and you can get as close as you would any NYC pigeon. Anytime the zoo deems it safe enough to get rid of the glass and/or fences with any animal they do it and that's a definite plus. ZOO: The zoo is huge so be prepared to do a lot of walking and try not to be too disappointed that you missed a few things because I think its nearly impossible to see everything unless you're there from open to close and don't spend much time at any particular exhibit. The food here is pretty standard, bland expensive venue food like mini pizzas, burgers, or chicken fingers that you'd find at any zoo, concert, amusement park, or ball game. I don't know if they allow outside food here but if they do I'd pack a lunch instead. Overall the Bronx Zoo is simple (though a long trip if you're hitting local stops) commute via subway or car (as long as the traffic isn't backed up); it's expensive (except Wednesdays) but it's definately a great zoo and worth checking out.
This is an enormous place with top-notch animal habitats. Kudos to the Bronx Zoo for taking a leadership role in changing a zoo from merely a place to see animals to a place where you can truly understand the impact humans have on the Earth's creatures
Baby giraffe's, a baby lion, and a baby sea lion; this place was FULL of babies this weekend. I think it was a mixture of the heat and fear that they would miss out on the exhibits that are leavinv that brought everyone and their mother out this weekend. I was not a fan of the lines for food (which was not worth the wait at all), and the nasty families screaming at their children. It was too hot and I was too tired from walking around all day for that BS. The zoo was a little dirty, could have been kept up a bit better, but the animals were adorable. I have to say the monkey cage was pretty depressing, and the bears looked exhausted before the day had even begun. I was disappointed at the crowd who continued to taunt them with food (a topic that almost provoked me to fight with a comoplete stranger). The zoo is so damn spread out that it is impossible to do everything you want to do in one day, but we were able to bang out most of our favorite spots. Next time, we'll get there when it opens, have a bagged lunch with us, and stay away from all the babies. My biological clock doesn't need a reason to tick right now.
This place is huge! I was there for three hours and I didn't even explore the other half of the zoo. They have a variety of animals here. Peacocks roam freely and they have this crocodile... massive. Probably the biggest one in the United States of America. I would visit again.
I think I lost about 5 lbs. the day I visited the Bronx Zoo (yes, 5 lbs = 5 stars!) because the zoo is enormous. This is probably due to all of the walking we did from the parking lot to all of the different exhibits we visited. Add to that, the fact that the food is entirely way overpriced (which is why we decided to skip out and starve instead). Having said that, dress comfortably. Even in my flat sandals, my feet were sore and aching by the end of the day. I even went back home with a few souvenirs... in the form of blisters. But all in all, a great time and a LOT of cool exhibits that make you appreciate nature and the environment (also serves as a good reminder as to why we need to help preserve it). And who would have guessed that New York City of all metros would harbor such an establishment so full of life and diversity (outside of just its residents)? Not I! Definitely worth the $ - great for dates, family outings and friends!
We had a great day here, even in the heat.  My niece loved the bug carousel (she's 3).  We went on a Monday, and it wasn't too crowded (I heard it gets more crowded on Tuesdays).   We were fortunate to have complimentary passes and parking vouchers and we brought our lunch (there is a nice picnic area), so it was not an expensive day for us.  The food prices are pretty high, so I would advise bringing lunch, and if you have small children, a stroller is useful.
I was disturbed by the conditions at Bronx Zoo. Litter everywhere with overflowing garbage cans. Packed and extremely hot exhibits. People ignoring signs to be quiet and constantly using flash on the poor animals.
Fabulous! Gotta love those animals!
5-stars is how I remember the Bronx Zoo. I remember coming here on a school field trip. They were good memories. I will never forget being startled to the bone by the lion's roar as I turned my back to it. I think he wanted to eat children. Thank goodness the lion was locked securely! I have no idea why I haven't come back here each time I've visited my family, but I will be back.
Good for time pass with children (especially on wednesday). Having been to quite a few zoos, I didn't really find the bronx zoo outstanding. The rides were all closed when I went in November and there are no play areas etc for the kids to have fun in (like in the Phoenix, AZ zoo). Didn't see any elephants, gorillas or rhinos, which appear to have been moved god-knows-where. It wasn't bad but my kid didn't enjoy it as much as the phoenix zoo (which is much smaller in comparison). I'm glad I went on Wednesday which was donation based entry day.
What better way to spend an afternoon than hanging at the good ol' Bronx Zoo with some of the best people around.  This zoo is serious, particularly the peacocks (and the squirrels apparently...Aleks K has the battle scars to prove it).  The monkey house was simply the best.  I could have spent all day there, but alas, we had a lot more animals to see.  I highly suggest a visit to the Children's Zoo.  Yea, you have to pay 3 bucks extra, but I'm telling you it's well worth it (especially since you get to chill with some prairie dogs up close and personal). But although the zoo offers many great things, there are two sections of which I MUST warn you.  First of all, the World of Darkness exhibit is scary as hell.  You can't really see anything as you walk through (mainly because of said darkness) and bats are everywhere.  Granted, they are tucked away behind glass, but it's rather frightening nevertheless.  Secondly, the Sea Bird Aviary is not for the faint of hearts.  The birds will literally swoop down two inches from your head.  You feel trapped in a giant dome filled with crazy birds, and I (who has a great fear of these flying terrors) did not appreciate that one bit.  Plus, we only saw two measly penguins...which was the whole reason for going to the zoo in the first place.  Okay, enough ranting. Other than that, the BZ def deserves 4 solid stars.  It's a lot of fun (if you avoid a few things...see above) and makes for a worthwhile afternoon. P.S. Don't bother looking for the meerkats...they're not there.  Ugh!
Expensive as all hell and expect to wait at least half an hour to get in unless you have a membership. This is one park where VIP is almost recommendable, as parking is really a problem around the perimeter on weekends. Pack a stroller with good wheels and rain apparel as the distances inside the zoo are long if you are walking and there are few sheltered areas between exhibits. The food is insane. $3 ice cream cones, though there does seem to be a variety. Bathrooms are far in between and special exhibits are extra. Live music on weekends, but way too much $ & effort.
My childhood memories of this place painted such a brighter, happier place than what I saw on a recent trip.  Maybe the animals haven't changed and now they are the old and tired versions of what I'd seen decades ago, or maybe it was my jaded NYer eyes.  Granted, I went on an overcast day so I should not blame the animals for looking a bit lackluster but I don't think the place would be any less sad with sunnier weather.  Also granted, I was not able to go through every section of the extensive grounds.  We skipped the apes because it required an additional entry fee (what!) and I was planning to spend those extra funds on butterflies. To start with the good news, there were a lot more animals outside of their caves than expected in the blah weather.  We saw tigers, giraffes, flamingos, seals, ostriches, squirrels...  The bird houses (minus the birds of prey) were the nicest.  Lots of very pretty, plump pheasants and other very colorful birds preened in their cages, eliciting many "ooohs" and "ahhhs."  They didn't look too cramped and most had a friend or more with them.  Because of their smaller size, this section housed quite of number of different types and who doesn't love variety?  My one warning here would be to walk ahead or behind noisy kids because the birds tend to become magicians if there's too much commotion: now you see them, now you don't.   Now onto the bad news: the birds of prey looked so bored and immobile.  I didn't see any of them twitch so much as a claw.  They were quite large and moving around would call more for climbing than flying.  And why should they try when they're meant to soar through the skies?  The bald eagle, our symbol of freedom and liberty, was trapped behind bars.... just too sad for irony. But whatever you do or wherever you may wander in this zoo, AVOID THE POLAR BEAR at all costs.  As Tesheca L. similarly noted, seeing this poor creature will break your heart and rob you of your happy outlook on life.  It was condemned to a section so small that it only had room to walk around in a tight, barren circle.  Its fur was stained green from the unclean water or perhaps from the algae coating the walls of the pool area.  Saddest of all, its persistence in shuffling around in that circle seemed like the only thing giving it any will to continue with life.  If the Bronx Zoo insists on holding onto its polar bear wing, it should strive to emulate the San Diego Zoo (bcove.me/t57b5it2).   I wish PETA would show a little more concern about the slow death sentences in progress for some of Bronx Zoo's inhabitants.  Is the slow death of a few any less tragic or cruel than the fast deaths of many in fur farms?  Please avoid bringing children here; it wouldn't be the best in terms of teaching them about responsibility and humane treatment of animals.
This place is beautiful I was so surprised to see such green areas And nice exhibits from the city. Came from NJ the special experience pass is worth it. Kids had a blast. It a bit expensive but free general admission 1st if each month with a bank if america card
So hard to believe all these animals from all over the world are just chilling in the Bronx, with many of their habitats re-created. This place is huge. I recommend walking to get a feel of the whole place. That said, be prepared to do a lot of walking and go early so you can pack everything in. We went on a Saturday and got there around noon. They open at 10:00 and close at 5:00 and we didn't get to see everything in 5 hours. Some additional words of advice: go here on a full stomach. The food at the concession stands is pretty bad and of course, overpriced. Very fast feel taste to it. Also, do not go here if you don't like kids. They're running around all over the place, and aimlessly wandering looking for their parents it seems. Another suggestion: avoid the transportation that takes you around the zoo. You wait forever to get on it and it the conductor makes you get out shortly thereafter so they can do another pick up. For all the waiting in line you do, you could walk to the drop-off point faster. Also, you can't get on at the drop-off locations. Yet another suggestion: if you go on the web site before you go to the zoo, you can get a 10% discount on the "Total Experience," but in hindsight, I wish I had gotten the general admission, which was about half the price. You don't get all that more for the "Total Experience," and the exhibits, etc. that come included in the upgrade have really long lines not worth waiting in. Parking is $15, but there's a lot of it, so I wouldn't worry about driving there and not getting a spot.
I love this zoo, it's big, beautiful and a great way to spend the day with your kids. What I don't love about this zoo is the prices. On a recent trip to New York I took my daughter there, something she had been looking forward to for a long time, she'd never been to a zoo before. Upon arrival I was shocked at the prices.  If we wanted the total experience, which includes the best parts of the zoo, it would have been $50 dollars just to get in the door. There was no way I was going to pay that so we went for the $28 dollar option, got to walk around the zoo and see lots of great stuff but it really wasn't worth it if you can't see the exhibits. To their benefit they do have a pay what you want day once a week, I think we will be going back on that day.
First time to the zoo.  I had a really good time.  I took the subway and it is a very easy walk to the entrance.  I was a little disoriented leaving the subway stop but there are signs posted which made it easier. The zoo is spread out so bring good walking shoes and drink plenty of water.  Spring and fall are good times to visit since it will not be so hot.  Some of the exhibits are dated while others have been upgraded.   I love the architecture of the older buildings and I am glad they did not tear them down.  Some of the exhibits are a little out of the way like the sea bird aviary.  At first I thought it was off limits, like a storage sight, but their is a big aviary there. It was still still early in the seaon so some of the exhibits were not yet open like the monorail ride and dinosaur safari. The Children's Zoo I did not think was worth the extra charge.  It had a nice lay out and it was nice to get up close the animals but the zoo is full of animals.  I can see paying extra to pet and feed them, but not pay extra to walk through it. Plan on a whole day for it.  There is a lot to see and do.  If it is school day, be prepared for student groups.  The day I visited, parents and teachers were trying to keep the kids organized while they do what kids do in a zoo.
Had a great time. The zoo is very well kept and a great place for all ages. Get the basic package! The petting zoo isn't what it's cracked up to be.
- favorite zoo in the US - the lions were fornicating during my last visit!!! - make sure to get there early, I always seem to forget how large the establishment actually is and end up missing something I really wanted to see - petting zoo - I like that you can pay for individual exhibits, $3 - free range peacocks everywhere - monorail for you lazy folk
Very disappointing zoo. Many exhibitions right now are closed and being renovated, which is bothersome. But my biggest complaint is that there are not enough staff members to keep people in check and provide for the welfare of animals. There are so many exhibits where teenager brats are constantly screaming and acting like fools and creating so much unnecessary noise and stress to the poor animals. For instance I yelled at a dumb urchin child for using her flash in a purposely dark exhibit. And whenever I tried to tell these darn 15 and 16 yr olds who act high and mighty to quiet down or to be more respectful of animals, all they do is talk back with tremendous attitude. I don't know where their teachers were, I'm embarrassed for their parents, but why are the keepers not monitoring the exhibits more to make sure the animals have a calm environment. The most depressing exhibit to me is the bird enclosure - in a building with no windows.
I don't remember if I ever went to the Bronx Zoo as a child. What I do remember, and quite vividly, are the two summers when, as a counselor, I supervised 15 kids around 5-6 years old on a field trip to the zoo. They were two of the best moments of those summers; I think I had more fun than the kids since my friend and I went back on our own to enjoy the entire zoo without our little darlings. The Bronx Zoo is huge and filled with so many animals; each species is given a spacious area, which makes it impossible to see everything in a single day. They do have a shuttle that circles the park, which you can hop on and off at certain stops, and the Skyfari that sores over the length of the zoo, but you have to pay extra. You should definitely put Tiger Mountain at the top of your list of places to visit, especially for the feeding/play time when the trainers bring the tigers up close to the visitors - its so cool! And if you have little ones, the Butterfly House is another must since you can let them run loose (kinda) as they try let the butterflies land on them by staying as still as possible (another extra fee). A great way to beat the heat from walking all over the zoo is to run into the various animal houses - the reptiles and the Mouse House are my personal favorites. When I took my kids, I was able to convince them that they could get the kangaroo mouse to jump by jumping in front of it. They were so cute :) The best idea is the buy their POP pass, which gains you admission, rides on all transportation and admission to their 5 special areas (just no camel rides - sorry, but you still have to pay to put up with their stink). There are decent places to eat in the zoo, but there are also picnic areas so you can bring your own eats (and probably pay less).
this zoo is the best...it's easy to get to, parking is a snap and it's huge...it's easy to stroll around for hours and hours.
Animals. I love them. I LOVE LOVE LOVE them. I haven't been in a few years, but when I was little girl I'd come here a lot. I love seeing all the kids with their parents, toddlers just figuring out animals out. It's sweet. There are a lot of lines for food and stuff like that, but I can't help it I'm a kid at heart so the Zoo is way too fun
I felt at home. Beautiful. Had a wonderful tone. A very good place to go on a family outing.
The Bronx Zoo has a very special place close to my heart. It really brings me back to when I didn't have a care in the world and I was in awe with all things unfamiliar And exotic. As an adult I may not have that child like innocence anymore but I still have that curiosity or rather the drive to learn about the world around me. Animals intrigue me. Esp large cats and primates. The Bronx Zoo is truly a gift to the people who live in the metro area and to the world. It is one of the best zoos in the country, with only a handful being superior such as the San Diego zoo which I have yet to visit. I visited the Zoo with my boy last week (Mid May 2012) for a day which was much needed. We started the day enjoying Little Italy in the Bronx, with a superb lunch at Tino's deli and then spending what was one of the best days we have had together in a long time. The zoo was quiet and calm, not the usual craze of millions of crying babies and kids on field trips with their local schools n youth organizations which typically proliferate the Zoo in very high numbers on suggested donation Wednesdays. We bought to passes online for $25sh a piece which afforded us with complete access to all exhibits which were open for the day. We started with one of the primate exhibits, then headed to one of my favorite exhibits at the Zoo; the tiger exhibits. The bengal tigers are sooo magnificent. Such powerful yet beautiful creatures. We then headed to the polar bear, then saw the regal lions. We ended our day visiting the gorillas. No creature intrigues me more then these peaceful powerful beasts. Their eyes as they look back at you hold a deep ness which connects our closest genetic brothers to us. For photographers of nature and animals this is simply paradise. I feel like a kid in a candy store. Some of Adams and my best photography have been taken at this very zoo. It truly is a paradise. And to think it sits smack in the middle of the Bronx is truly something that brings me to awe because as soon as you walk into the zoo you are transported to what can seem thousands of miles away from NY.
Had a great time!! This place is much larger than I had expected. So much to see. I am not a huge fan of captivated animals but the animals look healthy and the grounds seem to be maintained. One note to add if you are going with a child that can not walk yet be aware that most of the attractions will not let you bring in your stroller so be prepared to hold him or her for most of the day. We will definitely go again. Oh and btw leave time for a short trip to Arthur ave for some Italian food.
Ever had the fantasy, that if you were rich enough you would own your zoo? If so, visit the zoo during one of those not so chilly Winter day and it would feel like you are the only one there. If you do go, spring for the $25 [it is cheaper also in the winter versus the $34 in the warmer months] unlimited access to all the exhibits, rides, 4-D movie and interactions. Some of the exhibits require you to pay extra like the Congo exhibit and the bug carousel but is included in the unlimited ticket offer. The zoo also has different attractions depending on the season you go as well. I was able to get a "private" viewing of the sea lions being feed which they do daily at 12pm and 3pm, which is nice because since no one else was there vying for a piece of the action. I was also able to ride the carousel twice solo and the staff was more than accommodating to it. The only downside is because it was cold, some of the exhibits are closed or the animals are in a different area away from public view. And the zoo closes at 4:30pm but some of the exhibits closes 4pm or 30 minutes before closing. Also, if you want to go the zoo but don't feel like shelling out the $25 go on Wednesdays when the zoo is free. Be sure to bring water [the vending machines were broken and most of the little pop up stores were closed] and wear comfortable shoes.
i mentioned the polar bear had seemed unhappy - well I want back 2 weeks ago and I am happy to report he was much different!  He was playing, parading in front of us as close as he could get and quite active.  The weather was a perfect cool early fall day so I now suspect he seemed down because it was near 90 degrees the day of my review.  I guess if I was a polar bear on a hot day, I would be off too. Another update was the snow leopard!  He was exceptional coming 2 feet from us!
I used to go to the Bronx Zoo a few times a year, as it was free one day every week to Fordham students, and the Fordham Rose Hill campus is essentially across the street. I'm going to stay out of the legitimate moral controversy others have explored, because regardless, I must admit that I've always had fun visiting zoos.  I'm from the D.C. area originally, and the zoo there is free (it's owned by the Smithsonian).  But the Bronx Zoo is worth plunking down a few bucks for.  My favorite part is the Congo exhibit, which is just awesome.  You basically feel like the animals are all around you (and their entertaining / idiosyncratic behavior really reminds you how closely related we are to monkeys in the scheme of things). One annoying thing: some of the exhibits (including the Congo, if I recall correctly) have an additional fee, which is on top of the admission. So next time you're bored on a weekend, get thee into a car, local subway, bus or Metro North and up to the Bronx Zoo.  Let your inner child come out for the day.  And please -- don't leave until you've hit up one of the amazing restaurants on nearby Arthur Ave., NYC's original Little Italy.
I went on the first day of spring and I will certainly be going back.  If you have never been to the Bronx Zoo, here is a tip; Don't go on Wednesday, don't do it.  It is simply too busy. (because it's free)  Go on a regular day, it is definitly worth the few bucks.   This is a great time of year for the zoo.  There will be / are lots of baby animals, which is just great.  While it might be a bit chilly for some folks, you can make your way across the park by jumping from indoor exhibit to indoor exhibit.  Its always a good time. One last tip.. Never wait on line for food outside at the crane cafe.  Go inside.  There are more staff, moreoptions and shorter lines.  Its as if everyone just sees the walk up and waits on line....silly.
I absolutely adore the Bronx Zoo!  I've had the chance to make it out to the zoo this year and last and had a great time on both trips. There's a huge variety of animals at the zoo, which is laid out roughly by continent. When we were there, the highlights included a very active polar bear, a trio of tigers hunting the fish in their exhibit, several of the primates in the Madagascar exhibit and Jungleworld, the baby nyalas, and the World of Birds. The labels on the exhibits are relatively informative, and include information about conservation efforts. Most importantly, the staff seems to work hard to keep the animals healthy and happy. Yes, some of the animals "hide" at times, but that's better than keeping them in environments that aren't comfortable... Some suggestions on planning your trip: 1. Pick the day of your trip wisely. Time of year is an important factor: if you go between November and March you're not going to be able to see as much. More of the animals will be indoors (and some won't be available to see), some of the food stands will be closed, and some of the extra attractions (like the Monorail) won't be running. That being said, the zoo is very quiet and personal-feeling then... I went once in mid-March and had a lovely time checking out the Monkey House. On weekdays during the school year, there are usually a fair amount of school groups, and weekends throughout the spring/summer/early fall are dominated by families. The zoo is also busier on Wednesdays because admissions is free that day. Finally, the temperature is important: if it's too hot (in the 80s or 90s) the outdoor animals will tend to be sluggish. 2. Get there when it opens (10 am)--you'll definitely want the whole day. On our most recent trip, we arrived around 10:30 and saw almost everything, but it was a rush to do so and we didn't get to see some of the bird exhibits, the Monkey House, or the World of Darkness and skipped the Children's Zoo, carousel, camel ride, and 4-D theatre. 3. Wear something you'll be comfortable walking around in. The zoo is quite spread out and you'll be on your feet a lot (sneakers are a good idea). Personally, I find the layout to be one of the zoo's biggest strengths--being able to walk around in a lush environment makes the experience much more enjoyable. 4. Take some time to figure out what you want to see in terms of extra exhibits. If you want to see everything, the Total Experience package ($30) is worth it, but if there's a couple of areas you don't want to visit, it's actually a better deal to purchase general admissions ($15) and pay as you go for the extra exhibits. Personally, I would do the Monorail (it's the only way to see the Asian animals area and it's a nice break from walking), JungleWorld , and the Congo Gorilla Forest. I wasn't a big fan of the Butterfly Garden: I'm not much into bugs and it was swarmed with little kids trying to catch the butterflies the day I was there. The other extra attractions (Carousel, Children's Zoo, 4-D Theatre) I can't comment on.
The zoo itself was a blast, but they are just too expensive, and the staff almost seem as if they have some sort of chip on their shoulder.
One can NOT see this place all in one day. I think it's physically impossible, unless you run around like an ADHD chicken, without actually looking at anything for more than three seconds. But if you actually want to SEE the animals, take your bloody time and come back for an encore another day. Maybe bring some friends too. You seriously need to carry a map around though. They've got signs with maps at crossroads and stuff, but you're better off if you can plan your route before you bump into one of those in the first place. Suggestions: * The Butterfly Garden - This is definitely one of the more subtly enjoyable parts of the zoo. It's a greenhouse like any other, but FILLED with butterflies. Everywhere. You can't touch them though, unless they land on you. It's a prime spot for macro photographers and those interested in insects. It costs an extra $3 to get in, but I think overall the experience of a controlled butterfly swarm is worth it. * The Aquatic Bird House - This part of the zoo is hidden aaaaaalll the way in the northeast of the park, so you'll have to do a bit of walking to get there (I got lost and barely found it the first time). But once you get there, the bright Flamingos right outside give you a small taste of the awesomeness. Inside, the birds are pretty much free range, and I know I could spend hours in there just watching the crazy and beautiful Ibises flying back and forth over people's heads. * The Congo Gorilla Forest - I came here when there was a gaggle of school kids, and it was rather amusing to watch them gawking at the lounging gorillas doing...well, rather grotesque things at times. If you're not into big apes you can skip this (since it's also an extra $3 to get in), but it's worth a look at least once in your life. * The monkeys. They're everywhere. Watch them for 5 minutes or 2 hours, they're probably the most amusing part of the zoo by far. I don't recommend going into the Monkey House itself though, It smells like urine (MTA riders anyone?), and I know I had to get out of the stench after about 2 minutes. There are other monkey exhibits though, so skipping the indoor Monkey House isn't a big loss. * Go see the peacocks. No questions, just do it. For those curious, the camel rides are $5 for a boring walk in a small circle, and the skyride is nothing special. It's not like you fly over a safari or anything, so it's not exactly the "scenic route". Same for the monorail. They just cost extra, the lines are ridiculously long, and in the end it's just a quicker way to get from one part of the zoo to another (but the long lines just cancel out any time you might have gained). If you're cool with walking, save your pocket change and get a Dippin Dots or an overpriced burger/stuffed animal instead. BIG SUGGESTIONS: 1) Bring your own lunch if you'd rather not burn a gaping hole in your wallet by the end of the day. 2) Make sure you wear good sneakers/shoes, or your feet will be screaming bloody murder by the end of the day. 3) Plan your visit for a Wednesday, if possible. Admission on Wednesday is by donation, so you can give as little as a dollar if you want. People on a budget don't even have to spend more than that if you follow suggestion #1 and don't go to any of the exhibits that cost $3-4 extra. Oh, and be cautious of the myriad of sketchy people outside the zoo gates trying to sell you worthless crap.
I was there in January 2011.  Make sure you layer if it's cold and take some comfortable shoes. I walked around for at least 2 hours.  There is so much to look at.  The gorilla exhibit is a must see.  Went in January when the tiger cubs were in such a cute frolicking mood!  Totally worth the trip.  Maybe better to go in the spring when more animals would be out.  The Bronx zoo gift store has so many cute little knick knacks!  Definitely would go back.   It was a couple of easy subway transfers back and forth from Manhattan.
Apparently "free" Wednesdays actually means forced "donation" day.  I'm no cheap bastard (HA!) so I plunked down the five bucks suggested donation plus ten dollars for parking. Oh well. Some simple steps must be taken in order to enjoy the zoo: 1) Grab a map and pick which animals you really want to see first. This is because you'll probably have to go back again because the animal was sleeping or hiding from insanely loud children. 2) Avoid the children (much luck doing so without tear gas) 3) Don't bother paying for the additional exhibits. 4) Try to catch one of the free roaming peacocks 5) Try NOT to get caught harassing the peacocks 6) Visit the enclosed exhibits, especially the monkey house and the world of darkness 7) Fuck the monorail, elephants aren't that cool anyway.
I have been coming to the zoo for years and was disappointed to see how much prices have gone up this year.  Not only do you pay thirteen dollars to park but you also pay an admission fee which does not include half of the exhibits. You now how to pay five dollars to see the gorillas (last year it was three) and the Asian exhibit which used to be free now costs four dollars.  Definitely disappointing!  It's still one of my favorite places to visit but I do feel like I'm being ripped off.  ;(
For a really nice excursion, the Bronx Zoo is a really great way to spend the day.   For the most part, a good majority of the animals are kept in enclosures as close to their natural habitat as the zoo can make for them.  It is a far cry from the small cages and confines of zoos in the past.  The Bronx Zoo is part of the Wildlife Conservation Society, which is also responsible for the Central Park Zoo, the Queens Zoo, Prospect Park Zoo and the Coney Island Aquarium.   There are also rides and attractions like the Wild Asia monorail, the Congo Gorilla Forest, Butterfly Garden, Mouse House, Aquatic Bird House, Sea Lions, Himalayan Highlands, African Plains, Tiger Mountain, Bug Carousel for kids and the Zoo Shuttle.  Lots of things to do that are family oriented and for individuals who just love to go and see the animals.  If you can, bring a really good camera or binoculars to zoom in on the details and beauty of the animals.   I had a powerful zoom lens on my camera and for the first time ever, I could see all the details that I could never see from the distance.  I could see the details and color of the birds, capture wonderful expressions from rodents in the Mouse House, and get some real close-ups of the tigers. This year, the zoo added Dinosaur Safari, which is the zoo's Jurassic Park-like attraction.  There was a long line when I went and I wait well over 3/4 hour and the start was not promising but as soon as I got on the open truck they used to take you through the attraction was, to me, the best part of the safari.  Once the truck hit the trail, there were lots of fake looking dinosaurs that even kids were pointing out as looking fake. Here's one attraction that you can skip, unless you have young family members who are fascinated with dinosaurs. There are restrooms scattered throughout as well as cafes, eateries, and gift shops.  Some are themed gift shops like Congo Giftshop, Somba Bazaar, Dinosaur Safari Shop and Asia Marketplace.  You can get everything from postcards to key chains and T-shirts, baseball caps and lots of stuffed animals, bags, jewelry, books, games, etc.  My favorite souvenir this year was the "Poo in the Zoo" T-shirt which when worn to visit my neighbor was a big hit that can lighten up anyone, even one who is 95. If you spend some time to see the animals, come early as it can get noisy and crowded and the noises scare the animals.  There will be lots of children and sometimes, there should be more adult supervision.  I was at the Himalayan Highlands snow leopards exhibit and small kids were climbing pass the wooden barriers to be up close to the plexi-glass to get a better view, while mothers didn't really do anything about it. Another episode in the World of Birds had me thinking why teachers or monitors would allow kids to be pounding on glass, and not do anything thing or say anything about it.  The kids were running rampant and there was no adult control.  One kid even said to another as he saw two birds, "fight, fight..."  really left me saddened and horrified to think this was the kid's mentality at such a young age and nobody was there to correct it.  For all the negatives, there are positives, at the Bison range, there was a man who was teaching several kids about the Bison and providing facts and he was calmly explaining to them and they were listening.  Kids definitely need more mentors like him that can teach them to respect the animals and nature.  Another positive were aspiring artists sitting in the World of Birds and painting with watercolors.  I spied this one girl's drawing tablet and the bird she captured was beautiful. If you dont' drive, you can get to the zoo via public transportation. There is express bus that starts in Manhattan, Metro North, Subway and the Q44 Bus in Queens. A day at the zoo can be costly for a whole family, so plan wisely.  If you get your tickets on-line you can get a 10% off the total experience pass.  An adult ticket total experience pass is $33.95 during May 25 - Nov 3.  Children's (3-12) tickets are $23.95 and Senior's $28.95.  Check the Bronx Zoo website for additional ticket, directions and all other info.  It's a very informative site.   If you plan on some of the rides and exhibits like the monorail and the 4D theatre, the all-day pass might be more worth it.  Since I've been to the zoo this year, I decided to go for the general admission ticket at $16.95 and catch up on all the animals I didn't get a chance to see the first time without any need to go on any of the rides or attractions again.  You can also save some money by bringing some water, snacks and lunch and utilizing public transportation.  Wear comfortable clothes and shoes.
It's like Beijing Zoo...Feel good to be there... Have fun...
It is a fantastic zoo with a huge variety of animals, especially our feathered friends. A couple of the animals looked so lonely and bored, though, but it is not specific to this zoo (in particular, one vulture which rubbed its head on the dirt back and forth, and the polar bear! Poor polar bear.) It is such a large area to cover, so I recommend spending the entire day there and getting early to avoid the afternoon children crowds. The red panda is so cute! The reason why I give one notch down is because of the high admission fee (be ready to fork over a lot!) and that the free Wednesdays are extraordinarily crowded with little children who will hog the viewing windows and scream so loud you would think they were in a burning building. The children can very well be the exhibits themselves!
Great place but they really nickel and dime you on everything here.  attractions such as Gorilla Forest, Jungleworld, Asian Monorail cost $4-5 to see (not really worth it except the monorail).  The food is very expensive too (averaging $8 per meal and $3-4 per drink).  Try to avoid coming Wednesdays as it is free admission day and it's so crowded it seems like every school in the city is going there for a trip.
This place is gigantic.  Make sure you wear sneakers or good walking shoes when go to visit.  Here's a tip: Try to take advantage of the ticket that gives you access to EVERYTHING.  there's a lot that you don't get to see if you buy the regular admission ticket.  Admission is pretty cheap but food and souveniers can be a little pircey.  if anything, try to eat outside the zoo and only buy something to take home if you really want it. What's cool about this zoo compared to other zoos is that it looks like you're walking through an actual safari, of sorts.  most of the animals are not caged or in displays like some other zoos.  Definitely check out the monkey room. I've been going there for years and each time I go, I feel like a little kid again,
I absolutely love the Bronx zoo.  I always have so much fun when I go with my family.  We love watching the animals and wandering around the park.  The grounds of the zoo are beautiful and refreshing and it truly is the best zoo of all 5 boroughs.  I gave it a four star because the food tends to be way overpriced and some of the exhibits need a little work.  Also, I can't believe the petting zoo is part of the total experience package instead of the general admission.  In fact, there are quite a few exhibits that I think should be a part of the general admission and not the total experience tickets.  For example, the gorillas.... gorillas are a standard animal at zoos.... why should I pay EXTRA to see the gorillas?  Besides a few minor complaints, I do love the Bronx zoo!
OH MY GAWD ANIMALS YAAAAAAAAAY! Actually, that is only my reaction when I see any of the cats or the peacocks. The rest I just kind of stare at, mouth slightly gaping in wonderment, thinking to myself, "Wow...a 20 minute subway ride from my house, and I'm looking at a giraffe. Coooool..." A $15 dollar general admission price for this place isn't too bad, considering all you get to do and see. (I never fall for that all-inclusive, more expensive pass. I don't want to ride a camel or go to the Children's Zoo, thank you.) Plus, I've discovered, that $15 dollars also gives you a good show when you see parents arguing with each other and / or their children with no regard for the fact that four dozen other people are in their immediate vicinity, watching and / or listening to them. It's like watching lions fight without being caged in! Live action AWESOMENESS! Food prices vary but it depends on what you get. $3.00 for a pretzel? *myeh* $7.95 for a sandwich wrap? Not too shabby! Like I said, it depends on what direction you go with food-wise. Some seems overpriced, and some things seem reasonable. It's a shame that the monorail and the air ride were closed, despite the fact that it is Spring now. Those signs saying "We will open again in the Spring" were lying. Sad face. Peacocks? Bronx Zoo's got your peacocks, friend. EVERYWHERE! Magical. Shiny. Pretty. Yay!
One of the greatest & most famous zoos in United States. A must check out for all zoo lovers.
Wednesdays may be free admisson, but wow was it busy. Be prepared to walk. I love the fact you can bring in your own food and drinks. I also learned that if you bring in a refillable bottle, they'll refill it with water for free. It was worth paying the $12.95 for the total experience. I loved the monkey exhibit and seeing a rhino on the monarail. The butterfly exhibt was also neat. Can I just stop and talk about the toilets for a second? Talk about a black hole, but I love how they made people aware that every flush wastes 3 gallons of water! It was nice to see the amount of land the animals had, my only complaint was how small the black panthers cage was. It was ridiculous.
Great zoo, its laid out a more like a giant park with zoo attractions scattered throughout.  The buildings have interesting animal statues, and loose peacocks roam concession areas.  The selection of animals is very broad, and they seem healthy and natural.
The bronx zoo is not a particularly large zoo yet they have almost every animal you can think of. That is because the animals are crammed into very tiny living spaces and given almost no space to move. They looked so sad. Quiet and not moving at all. Just enduring the noise and rambunctiousness of the constant flow of people around them. Needless to say i left with a heavy heart that day
Always have a blast when ever i visit the Bronx zoo.  My son love it to the max. Don't go on donation day ( Wednesday). That day always packed. Have fun when its not that crowded with all the screaming kids.
Yeah well the animals seem pretty happy and this is a great place to go in new york.  These animals have it good. They get room service. This is like a nice hotel for them. You can spend a good day here and watch polar bears and seals. Of course the bat room smells real bad but just hold your nose. What you say...."all of  the Bronx is a zoo"    Oh they have  a special butterfly room too. I dont know what to make of it. It costs extra too but there were absolutely no butterfly's in there. REFUND PLEASE,.
The zoo has changed a lot--my last visit was in better times, when they still had the World of Darkness bats exhibit. There was 1 kind of ticket: General Admission. The new format promotes the "Total Experience" for $30; the General Admission price is not listed. If you get General Admission ($16), be aware the main ticket booth is followed by more ticket booths. The Gorilla Congo ($5) exhibit was worth it. The World of Birds is still my favorite, and thankfully, does not charge additional admission. money.cnn.com/2011/05/19…
Wow, this place has changed A LOT since I was last here (I was 9 at the time). Went here with my new DSLR camera, took tons of pictures of the varying wildlife.   Pros:  Lots of different variety of wildlife. Great Madagascar exhibit. Clean and well kept. Great Tiger enrichment program, I highly recommend! Cons:  Really sprawling.  Lots of walking to get from one exhibit area to another. Lots of ankle biters that were not controlled by their parents.  I had to lay the smack down (along with the bf) so that I might be able to take some good pictures. Confusing layout.  We got lost a few times walking from one exhibit to the other. Non-helpful zoo workers.  Directed us the LONG way to get to Tiger Mountain as soon as we got in.  Anyone else we asked also seemed clueless about where certain exhibits are. I'll have to go back and see the Congo and Butterfly Garden, as we didn't have time do it yesterday.
The Bronx Zoo is great but the web site for the store is less than great.  They charge tax on clothing even if the cost is less than $55.00.  I live in the Bronx and the last time I checked, we are part of New York City which has no tax on clothing under $110.00.  They also don't answer the telephone. Don't spend your hard-earned money in the Zoo store.  Make a contribution to the Wildlife Conservation Society instead.  You get a tax break and the animals get help.
I visited the Bronx Zoo with a friend last Wednesday. I have never been to the Zoo and I hadn't seen my friend in quite some time so I was really looking forward to it. We chose Wednesday being it is the pay what you wish day. Some might say that is cheap of us, but hey we saved 28 dollars, so it was well worth it! One would think the Zoo would be overly packed on this day, but the crowds really wern't bad at all. The Zoo looks really huge at first glance, but you can actually cover it in about 3-4 hours. My favorite creature there was probably the flamingos, I had never seen one in person, and the real thing is a lot more impressive than the lawn ornament. The Food stands are a bit pricey, so you might want to pack your own drinks and snacks ;-) This was a really great experience for me, and I highly recommend it to anyone from the area, or visiting :-)
#1 tip to enjoy this zoo the most -- bring comfortable binoculars with you As with any zoo, sometimes the animals are far away, but the amount of additional detail you can see with a decent pair of bino's (cheap decent -- amzn.to/OsyPpi  or great deal but more expensive -- amzn.to/NuNODs) Bring your own food though the food, while overpriced, isn't terrible
Enjoyed my trip to the Bronx Zoo very much! The exhibits and animals were great. It really did feel like you escape the city and are in the jungle especially after leaving the central area with the different animal houses and get to the open habitats. Wednesday is donation day but they actually do expect some money depending on how much you want to give. They recommend $5 minimum but you can give less. A drawback is that it is extremely crowded with kids on Wednesday so its hard not to run over them since Im not used to walking around looking at the ground, not to mention getting your feet run over by strollers. It was much more manageable once we left the building habitats near the entrance that contain the special exhibit Madagascar, Monkey house etc. The Madagascar exhibit was very interesting! It had a lot of animals that I have never seen before so that was awesome! It includes a variety of lemurs, crocodiles, hissing cockroaches (gross), frogs, etc. I didnt see all of the animals but I especially enjoyed the 2 tigers, giraffes, penguins, 1 sad miserable looking polar bear (it was hot), monkeys with babies attached, snow leopards. The gorillas were small compared to what I was expecting.. Oh and they had Bison which I have never seen. I thought those were killed off with No? Apparently not. Interesting. Those are the animals the Native Americans hunted, no? The San Diego Zoo I liked better because it has Panda Bears, Polar Bears and Giant Silverback Gorillas. But in terms of all the other animals, I liked the Bronx Zoo better. Also the habitats at the Bronx Zoo are the best I have seen at a zoo so props for that. I would definitely bring comfortable walking shoes and things to keep cool. It gets hot walking around even on a not so bad day. All in all I liked my day at the zoo and definitely will be back to see the animals I missed. Maybe I can come back in the winter to see a happy polar bear and penguins. They did not look so happy in this heat.
Wow!  What a place!  Confusing to navigate and almost too big to explore in one day.  Clean and shady in many places.   We loved our trip!  (Big thank you to Denise (supervisor at the restaurant nearest the exit) for filling our cup with ice water after 5pm.   We really needed that for the ride home!!!!)
AWESOME!!!! We went on a Wednesday (pay what you want!) This is seriously the best zoo. I kept forgetting we were in the Bronx. It's unbelievable and seriously a true gem. I vaguely remember going when I was a kid, but it's only gotten bigger and better. We were there for hours. Bring your camera!!! I love the monkeys, giraffes, tigers, birds (although I wish they had parrots), polar bears!! The random peacocks wandering the zoo. Seriously the peacocks were hanging out with us all day, following us around. And we made it just in time to see the seals being fed and doing tricks! It's so much fun and there are lots of great photo ops. This is also a great date place and a quick walk from the subway (there are ample signs when you get out from the subway so you won't get lost.) Will definitely be going back!
The Bronx Zoo is world-famous, massive, and you can see all sorts of beasts and fowl that are rapidly shuffling off this mortal coil. Those are the positive points. On the other hand, on a nice day, it is ridiculously over-crowded, impossible to park, and sort of touristy in a really unpleasant way. There are tons of employees moving so slowly, that you get the idea that they actively hate their jobs. At one of their cafes, three employees conspired to work almost as hard as a single employee in any other establishment. As far as I could tell, there were no zoo equivalents of museum docents. Instead, there were literally dozens and dozens of employees just standing around trying to sell ugly stuffed animals or t-shirts. The exhibits were dirty and poorly maintained. The bird house, for example, must have just been sprayed for roaches, as they were evident everywhere, undergoing their final death twitches. The exhibits were likewise infested with mice. The tags were clearly insufficient, and information was sparse at best. Many exhibits lacked temporal specificity (probably so that they didn't date as easily). For example, I would like to know how many white rhinos there are left in the world today, like right now, or at least in 2012. To me, it's like the Bronx Zoo (which likes to call itself the Wildlife Conservation somethingorother), thinks that it exists merely to preserve and to present its collection. I saw little to no evidence of any real attempts at education. For major zoos, it is a huge huge disappointment. Okay, the Zoo is a great place to take kids, and it's really pleasant on a spring day, but the place needs some serious serious updating, cleaning, and it desperately needs to rethink its public persona.
Whats not to love about the Bronx Zoo? Its huge...but its kinda confusing. Make sure you get a map or you will miss something. Its also a bit expensive. The POP pass is $25 and includes everything. If youre going on a weekend make sure you go EARLY bc you will be waiting on the skyfari and the shuttle lines for a long time. The animals are taken care of. The people that work there really know what they're doing and thats refreshing. If youre from NY and you've never been...GO NOW! You dont know what you're missing!
I loved the giraffes! Tickets were not too expensive & the place was very clean. I went during the day and it wasn't busy at all so I got a nice view of the hippos.
The potential for this zoo is boundless, and I have fond childhood memories. But I left this past Monday disappointed and annoyed. First, when we pulled in the parking lot was full, so we went to auxillary lot, also full, and then were forced to merge back onto the Bronx River Expressway, which dumps you back into the middle of the Bronx miles from the zoo. the parking attendants were rude, thoughtless assholes. We were miffed. We finally park on the street and walk a mile to the zoo entrance. When we approach the window, we are told that it was too late (2:30?) to buy full passes, so we buy general admin. I was fine with this, thinking we may be missing out on the tram etc. Turns out we have to pay a la carte for entrance to see most of the cool animals, and the windows are cash only! Bullshit, we missed the Asian Bengali exhibit and the Gorilla Congo. Those are like the prime attractions! So lame. They had none of their bears on display except one Polar bear looking lonely and frustrated. The lion terrarium was weak, and the tigers have tons of space, but a shitty environment. Highlights included African dogs, Snow Leopards and some plains animals. The giraffes were miles away from the viewing area, and the Lowland Gorilla was all by herself and really far from view. We couldnt even see any of the baboons. Perhaps Ive been spoiled by the San Diego and San Fran zoos, but this place was a dive. Even diminutive Roger WIlliams in little ole Prov competes favorably. If i come back, which I surely will, it will be early morning, midweek. Im not holding my breath
A great time. Definitely the best zoo in the tri state area, maybe the east coast. A great variety of animals. The kids will not only love the animals but the bug carousel and Dora 3D as well. The shuttle train runs throughout the park in case you get tired walking through the massive zoo. The monorail is also a treat. It gives you some great vantage points that you wouldnt normally get. The staff there is super helpful. They are eager to help you out with whatever questions or issues you have. If you are in the area often, I highly suggest you get the Wildlife Conservatory Membership which starts at around $100 for the year and cover unlimited admission and parking to the Bronx Zoo, Central Park Zoo, Prospect Park Zoo, Queens Zoo and New York Aquarium. By way of example a full experience adult ticket to the Bronx Zoo is about $25 plus $12 for parking. I have a two and a half year old, plus I love photography, so it is well worth the price for me. Highly recommended!!!
My ex suggested we go because we had free tickets through our bank.  What a little penny saver he is.   Totally worth it though, regardless of not seeing animals every five seconds because most of the park is landscape, it was pretty beautiful and a little strange standing in a city surrounded by trees and exotic animals.   Do I wish there were more animals? Clearly.  Who wouldn't want to see zillions of animals prowling the park? Actually.....what they should really do is just fence the whole thing in and let them all roam free.  Then you can hop on a panther and ride it up to the gorilla corral or whatever it's called.   One thing that was pretty great, was the fun facts the zoo provided me with.  Apparently feathers are what makes a bird a bird.  The facts were HYSTERICAL.  Phrased bluntly and semi-rudely in a simple and hilarious way.  I want to go back to read all the facts again.  And see some sleepy bears.
visited 8.13. 2011 It was a waste of money and gave me a heartache...all the animals looked malnourished and abandoned. the butterfly house barely had butterflies..So much for wildlife conservation, smh
I saw a picture of a naked mole rat the other day and it made me miss the Bronx Zoo. BEST NAKED MOLE RAT COMMUNITY EVER. I could spend hours in front of their complicated naked mole rat town, watching the little testicle-like bodies work and sleep on the mole rat-sized hidden video cameras. We used to be members of the zoo and it was totally worth the hefty price tag, believe me. (Don't think the zoo is completely free on Wednesdays - you have to pay for each exhibit you want to get into. That's all included in the admission price any other day.) Also of note, the Tapirs. Greatest animals ever? Probably. Stay out of the giraffe enclosure in colder weather unless you want to smell like giraffe ass for the rest of the day.
Its great to visit.
Fantastic zoo. The neighborhood might be considered a little sketchy if you've never seen low-income housing before. However I felt perfectly fine parking my car in the street (I did grow up in Jersey City) and saving the $13 or so that they charge for parking. I came here during a Bank of America Museums on Us promotion (free entry, regular price is $16/adult). It was a bit crowded at the ticket booth even at 1pm with lines of people also for the BoA promotion. Make sure you grab one of the maps not only as a souvenir but to help plan your way around. The zoo is actually pretty big so if you're with children make sure you designate a meet up spot if separated. This zoo has all sorts of animals and what you would expect to be part of any good zoo. The best part of the experience was when we just entered and a peacock with amazing bright feathers walked by in front of us. Also watching the bears wrestle playfully with each other was great.
Perhaps coming from LA and growing up with the Los Angeles and San Diego zoos/wild life park, I didn't like the experience at the Bronx Zoo. Upon entering through the Asia gate we noticed a big part of the zoo can only be seen through either the monorail or through the zoo shuttle. Therefore we decided to pay the $3 each for the zoo shuttle and waited in line. After 15 minutes, there was still no sign of the shuttle and given how few people it can hold, we probably would have had to wait for the second shuttle. Is there only one zoo shuttle running at one time throughout the park? So we asked and got our refund for the shuttle and decided to walk through the park instead. We saw giraffes, lions, monkeys, sea lions, birds, and reptiles, but in order to enter the gorilla exhibit it is considered a special attraction and extra entry fee. We could not see the elephants, wild horses, and other animals if we didn't pay for the monorail which only gives a drive by sight. And then, we tried a photo machine booth to make souvenir picture that says Bronx Zoo on top, but after paying $5 we noticed that the Bronx Zoo background cannot be picked but since we paid we got the pictures taken anyways. And funny thing, the screen says machine ran out of film, provides hotline to call to ask for refund. Will I get the $5 back? Simply, I feel the Bronx Zoo is a it rundown and money hungry, emphasizing the need to pay extra for attractions that should be complimentary. We paid $8 dollars each to enter Central Park zoo and the children's zoo; I admit it was probably a tenth of the Bronx zoo but I was much more satisfied with that one then this.
I spend whole visits to this zoo at the gorilla exhibit, taking a seat on one of the many benches there, and just watching these primates act so much like humans that I laugh and cringe for hours. Think of human beings without clothing who lack the most rudimential culture: no modesty,  no etiquette, no dignity, no self-consciousness, no religion, no political ideology. You will witness naked greed, lust, jealousy, hunger, and anger with no rationalizations or excuses. And then, there are all the other equally wonderful exhibits to enjoy! You could definitely make this a 2-day visit if you slow down long enough to appreciate each caged area. Like others have said here, the zoo is huge. Wear your most comfortable walking shoes, or, if you are disabled, be sure to bring a wheelchair or borrow (rent? )one from the zoo at an entrance. Lots of winding pathways, many up and down hills.
It's been years since I've been back to the Bronx Zoo.  OK I confess, it's only been 2 yrs but before that it's been about 20.  You just can't help but to feel like a kid again every time you step into the Bronx zoo.  I'm always so excited to see the lions, the tigers, the bears.. oh my!  Living in the concrete jungle, it's easy to lose track of reality... every lion is named Simba, every tiger goes grrreat!!!  If you love animals you should def take some time and try to make it up here.  At one point, I literally stood there for 10 minutes in complete awe when I saw a happy young giraffe running around in circles.  It happened again later in the day when I watched a sleeping baby lemur gripping onto it's mother as she swung around looking for food.   Amazing place.  My only gripe is that many of the exhibits I wanted to see required the Total Experience Ticket ($29.95 vs $16)... it's a big zoo so you'll be fine without it.. but it did leave a bad taste in my mouth.  A young kid should not be priced out of learning about Gorillas or Butterflies.  Mission fail.
PROS: This zoo is HUGE. bigger than the Smithsonian National Zoo that I'm so used to going (See my review). Expect to spend a whole day there to see everything. They also have rides and attractions as well! CONS: You have to pay! I'm used to going to my zoo for free. But in the end, the price is worth it! Such a great zoo!!
Its a zoo, in the Bronx. It is such a delight to see that I could visit and see exotic animals in NYC. Some of the animals look really sad in their respective enclosures but that is to be expected. Some of the animal's natural habitat could have represented better to make them feel more at home. The polar bear lays on white painted concrete in the blazing sun next to a pool that I would never dare even dip myself into so obviously he/she is upset. The food is mediocre at best and since I was not expecting much I was not that highly disappointed. I expected movie theater quality food and that's pretty much what you get. The value for the price of the ticket is perfect because seeing a lot of animals that you could normally see only on the Discovery channel is totally worth it. I can not vouch for the parking situation very much since public transportation is so readily available. Some of the exhibitions were closed for maintenance and from what I read from other reviewers maybe that was a good thing. The gorilla was so upsetting to see and I am guessing that it was in a bad mood for the day or something because it looked so utterly sad. I don't think a million flash cameras going off in its face helped much either to be honest. I left feeling sad even though i enjoyed myself when I was there. I guess thinking about the animals when you leave and how they are locked up in that place can bother some more than others.
I've never been to a zoo. Yes, you heard that right. The realization had never occurred to me until I had spent over an hour or two at the Bronx Zoo and my internal dialogue delivered this zinger: "You know what? I don't think I've ever been to a zoo period!" "What?!? What kind of a sad, pathetic individual has never been to a zoo before?" "Um, me. Thanks a lot. Asshole." So yeah, my first trip to a zoo resulted in a knock to my self-esteem and a birthday surprise for my girlfriend. We had a great time. The "everything" pass (don't quote me on that) ran about $27 for an adult. One turkey wrap, which was surprisingly edible for park/zoo food, was $7.25. With the aforementioned pass you can ride the Asia monorail thing, get into all the special exhibits, and literally have free reign all over the zoo. The exhibits are set up as close to the animals' natural habitat as humanly possible. Not exactly because humans suck at creating natural habitats for animals. We're at the top of the food chain, but hey, we can't win 'em all. Margot G. and I spent nearly 5 hours here and we still didn't cover the entire zoo. We saw elephants, monkeys, tigers, gorillas, lion, oh my! Got pretty close to seeing the entire zoo in that 5 hours but probably needed a few more. If you're looking for a relatively cheap day activity, this is a good bet.
came here zooted last wednesday....it was the BEST !!!! but the map was very confusing and it was no help trying to figure out how to get to the giraffes when i wasnt in the right state of mind. once we knew where we were going, it was all good
The Bronx never gets respect. You only hear people that live outside the borough talk about the hood, Yankee Stadium and of course the zoo. It's perfect to take kids, friends, going alone to clear your mind or for a date. You really can't go wrong with either. It's a world famous zoo for a reason. Wear comfortable clothes. You'll be walking and seeing plenty of cool exhibits.
i think the word "zoo" has a bit of a negative connotation.  "zoos" used to be places where animals were kept merely for the sake of show.  a better word to use is "conservatory,"  seeing as they have other intentions in mind.  like, breeding and saving animals from menial things like...poachers and extinction.       next to the San Diego Wild Animal Park, this is definitely one of the best I've been to.  I visited on a Wednesday, which is free, but open for donations.   The crowd was thick, the lines were long, but somehow i still enjoyed myself.   i agree with most here, the monkeys were by far, one of the best exhibits  - though the tiger and gorilla exhibits were great as well.   the gorillas must have been in a playful mood, they would run straight up to the plexi-glass, stop, stare and then beat on the window and run away.  if there wasn't a massive mob of people behind me, i would have spent the rest of the afternoon watching them play. keep your ears on "ready" for some hilarious conversations between kids and parents about some of the animals, it'll take a mouse deer to a rat and then a bat in a matter of about 2.5 seconds.
It's amazing how much land is available for areas outside of Manhattan. The Bronx Zoo is huge! I would spend at least 3-4 hours here. My hubby and I went here on a Wednesday to take advantage of the "suggested donation day." Apparently, a lot of schools pick Wednesday for the field trip to the zoo. The school children were so obnoxious and annoying which made my experience less pleasant. In addition, the zoo knows how to make money for the special exhibits and the monorail. There were lots of animals, birds, amphibians, reptiles, and fish. Since we went on a cold day, the animals didn't move around. I really enjoyed the tropical birds section. The birds are so pretty! It was a bit of a trek to get to the zoo. After getting off from the subway exit, you have to walk a couple blocks to get to the main entrance.
Huge! great variety. Also has a children's section. If you life in NY or CT and your children like zoos, worth the membership just for the parking passes and guest passes alone. Plus you get into Bronx Zoo and the Aquarium.
Who goes to the zoo and thinks the golden baby squirrels running wild are one of the highlights? MEEEEEEEEEEEE! The reptiles and the polar bear rocked, too. This is a really nice zoo, but it felt more like a huge park to me. As spaced out as everything is, I think the animals should have bigger habitats. I felt sorry for some of them in their confined spaces (birds of prey, really big snakes, a lone polar bear, etc.). Many of the animals were alone with no companionship (polar bear). Maybe they're solitary. I dunno. This was a lot of walking. I felt like I was on a nature hike more than at a zoo. But maybe that's what they were shooting for. For $19 general admission, you don't get to see everything. Gorillas and some other animals are extra, which is a bummer. I'm glad that I've checked this off my list, but after an hour and a half trek from downtown Brooklyn I can say with certainty that I won't be back unless I have children.
A great zoo. Great history. Well done improvements over the years.  Perfect way to spend the day. The membership is worth every penny. My opinion probably in the top 3 zoos in the country. When you take in the history of it, I'd give it the number 1 spot.
I love this place. The high point for me  hands down the adorable snow leopards. Such beautiful animals! Camel rides, butterflies, bug carousel,  cute napping brown bears and tigers, gorgeous peacocks and small crowds added to my enjoyment. It's a great place and you all should go asap.
I'm probably being biased about this review but I don't care. I LOVE THE BRONX ZOO and not just because my husband works at the hospital there. lol  they have a great children's zoo and lots of open space for the kiddos to run.  Their exhibits are great and allow the children to get close to the animals.  Most of the time there is a keeper near by the animal exhibits who will answer any of your questions about the animals and they are always so nice.  the food at the dancing crane cafe is also very good. i will admit it can be pricey but if you didn't bring your food with you then you don't have much of an alternative. the souvenier store is sooo cool too.  they have great toys and books for the kids to take home.  i am always buing a new book for my son and new toys.  oh, the slide in the children's petting zoo is soooo cool.  I went down with my son and didn't expect it to be that high, fast, or cool.  I think children over 4 should ride it, but any other age below it may be a little too much.  LOVE THIS PLACE.
My first experience at the Bronx Zoo was not all that great. I went on a class trip in Elementary School, my mom let me wear new shoes (new shoes+a lot of walking=blisters) and I got spit on by monkeys. The second time was much more enjoyable! I have since been back a few times and looking at all of the different types of animals never gets old. In fact, in all of the times I've been to the Bronx Zoo, I still haven't seen everything. The Okapi are so awesome, they look like some sort of animal hybrid, but is actually a shorter relative of the giraffe. I love looking at the gorillas, too, even though I feel really bad about how that must feel. It's always really crowded, but be a little pushy and you'll be able to see whatever you want (remember: it's NY). Despite the loud crowds and flashing cameras, it's nice to see that the animals' actual habitat is recreated and after reading about tribes butchering and eating the few remaining silverback gorillas remaining in the Congo, maybe the Bronx zoo isn't such a terrible place for them. Definitely worth the admission fee. Also, worth the little extras, like the Wild Asia Monorail and Butterfly Garden (open April/May-Oct).
i love this zoo, i have going there every year for the last 15years i have been in NY, its a big place and difficult to finish in one day ( which i love )!!! great animals as well, very nice place to go
I truly love the Bronx Zoo and come here every summer. I find it completely peaceful to roam the entire park viewing all the animals and just enjoying the peace in the midst of a bustling city. I still have yet to go in the Congo but I plan to fix that this summer. And the monorail is interesting because it's pretty much as close as you can get.
Took 2kids there and they had a blast. Of course you need to get the total experience tickets with kids- it's totally worth the money. They loved the carousel, children's zoo, the 4d movie, Congo forest and the monorail. I would suggest to bring your own food and plenty of snacks. Strollers are a must unless you plan to stop every so often.  With the total experience, riding the shuttle bus helped too. We went on a Tuesday and spent practically the whole day there and saw most of the zoo. The lego sculptures were great! Don't forget to wear comfortable shoes.
Though I don't think animals should be locked up, this zoo is the bestest. At least around these parts. I like it much more than the 'Safari' at Six Flags. It's the largest zoo I've been to, and they have so many animals. I just like the fact that they have room to stretch out a bit. If you like zoos, don't miss this one. I used to visit here when I was a kid and I still like it a lot.
This is like the Disney of zoos. So big, beautiful, so much to explore. Lots of shady areas to keep cool, nice benches. The animals and their living spaces are so beautiful and well kept. They have a lot of extra attractions like the Dora 4D movie theatre and the Congo gorilla forest. The best!!
This last visit to the BZ was pretty disappointing. Granted that it was mid-winter, but still... We asked at the gate what was closed and we were told that only the reptile house was not open. That was far from what we found inside! Many exhibits were empty, the shuttle wasn't running, etc etc. We knew it was going to have some winter allowances but it would have been nice to know before we went in. At least then we could have made an informed decision. It certainly wasn't worth the full price parking and admission.
It's huge! Get ready for some walking but also for cool sights. If you are going to tackle it one day start early. Sometimes you can't see the animals because they are far in, or hiding. Great place for kids.
The Bronx Zoo beats Central Park, Queens, and Brooklyn's zoos without even trying. The food is horribly overpriced, but this should be expected. The animals are usually easy to spot. The zoo is clean but there are some areas, like the Giraffe house, that could be maintained better. The total experience tickets are definitely worth their prices! The 4-D Theater, Bug Carousel, Butterfly Garden, Children's Zoo, Congo Gorilla Forest, JungleWorld, the Wild Asia Monorail and the Zoo Shuttle will all be available to you. The 4D theater, Children's Zoo (where you can feed the goats and see the donkeys) and the Monorail (the only place you can see the Elephants and the rhino) alone make the tickets worth it. I could have done without the Zoo staff talking about how much they hated their job as I was waiting for my lunch but I got distracted by the stray rabbit and peacock roaming around the zoo. Pro: The animals, the attractions and the ways the animals would interact with patrons. Cons: Some of the staff members.
I decided to save some money and went on a Wednesday when the Zoo is free (if you've read my other reviews it's not that I'm tightfisted, but you know it's expensive having 2 kids and living in New York). After a never ending subway ride (for goodness sake don't get a local train, use an express one where possible!) and a very unpleasant billion stairs to navigate my way down carrying a stroller with a toddler in and holding the hand of another youngster we got to the Zoo. Being manic about timekeeping we got there at 10am on the dot and did not experience any delays in getting in. So the zoo  if you go, expect the many school kids there to be an irritant (I'm sorry, but it's just not cool screaming at the bears etc. Teachers  tell 'em to keep quiet). The animals were interesting to see  highlight being the polarbear, visible underwater swimming. It' s large zoo so take some comfortable shoes!
New Yorkers' zoo.  This location is huge with approx. 4,000 live animals.  My favorite exhibits are the bears and tigers.  The newly installed Madagascar exhibit is worth a visit.  Children would have an amazing time.  The shows are very entertaining.  The zoo food is pricey thus, I'd rather dine elsewhere for dinner. Visitors will literally see lions, tigers, and bears... Oh MY!
Just took my family to the Bronx Zoo for the first time for my kids and I was very disappointed.  The park seems like there are more birds and fish to see than the animals.  My main reason to go was to see the animals like lions, bears, tigers etc.  We saw 1 lion, no bears, wait 1 polar bear, no elephants or zebras and the monkey place was closed so we had to search out the monkeys on the grounds.  Very disappointing, we wont be going back.
As a wee lass, my need to pee during a school trip at the Bronx Zoo once stymied any desire to see cute lil aminals.  The zoo seemed HUGE and I thought we'd never find another bathroom!  Post-pee, I frolicked in the fake turtle shells, rode a camel, and relished the wonderfulness of artificial skunk stink.  Ah, memories.... As a big girl now, my bladder is no longer pea-sized and the zoo seems a lot smaller.  Bank of America's free 1st-Saturday-of-Month general admission (w/ a BOA card) provided plenty of entertainment: Moxie the playful lion cub; squawking peacocks (pretty to see, cacophonous to hear); and the mouse house (which gave me nightmares of giant rats, despite how cute I thought the little mongoose [mongeese?] were).  Downside: the food sucked (to be expected, I guess), many attractions cost additional money, and several exhibits were closed for repair. It's still a great zoo though, made even greater by easy MTA access.  I can't believe I waited to long to return as an adult (yay big girl)!
We loved this zoo!  We took the train from Manhattan, it took almost an hour each way, but it was well worth it.  We saw lots of animals.  My favorite was the butterfly house.  The butterflies were beautiful, I got a picture of one on my Husband :-). The mouse house was cool too (don't worry, all the mice were secured behind glass windows.). The turtles were cute too.  I can't say anything about the food, we brought our own.  And if you pay general admission you do get nickeled and dimed if you want to see a special exhibit.  (The butterfly house was $3 each and we were done in 5 minutes.).  Overall The Bronx Zoo was worth the trip.
I'd have to admit that if I had the choice between a zoo and an amusement park, I'd pick the amusement park but since our options were slim in NYC, we decided to spend the day at the Bronx Zoo. From where we were staying (Upper West Side), it didn't take too long to roll up to the zoo by subway even though they were changing around service which forced us to do a few transfers. From the subway station it's just about a half mile walk to the Asia Gate entrance to the zoo. We walked in with our total experience passes in hand (recommended if you want access to all the extra charge attractions) and made our way to the first exhibits. The zoo is very big so you'll need to plan out your path wisely if you want to see everything. I was the navigator (as always) and we leisurely made our way on a cleverly concocted route I designed of course! The exhibits are like many other zoos in the country but this one has size going for it. I like how they split the zoo up into geographical sections and thus the animals associated are grouped accordingly. We swore we wouldn't eat their food but for a zoo their food wasn't too bad and the price was ok too. After all the walking we did I was glad I got to see what this zoo was all about. Now, were's the nearest amusement park for my next adventure?
Bronx is wonderful place in New York. I made a trip of Bronx when I was in college. My group of friends went on amazing trip of Bronx. In our friend group we were only five friends-Linda, Chelsy, Jack, Bruno, including me also. We went there by flight. Linda's father had booked ticked for us. My brother reserved rooms in a mind blowing hotel of Bronx. It was really wonderful hotel among all the hotels in Bronx (anylodging.com/us/ny/bro…) . We went there not for many days. Only for 3 days we stayed in Bronx. Firstly we saw Bronx Zoo. At there lots of animals we had seen. Linda was scaring from Elephant. Because they were so big. There were approximately above 5000 animals could be seen. We had seen there Himalayan Highlands, very rare snow leopards, Siberian tigers, Asian Elephants, and Indian Rhinos and bee eaters flocks. We all enjoyed there a lot. We also went at the Orchard Beach. It was man made beach and at the Pelham Bay Park. It was best time to go at the beach because we were suffering with hot summer days. When we arrived at the beach we all started to enjoy surfing, boating and Linda liked to do fishing. It was amazing day for all of us. We also had seen the New York Botanical Garden in Bronx. It was magnificent garden having wonderful and lots of plants and flowers. Chelsy loved to see roses and other plants. Jack and Bruno started to play with each other there. Linda and Chelsy were looking so busy to know about those beautiful plants and flowers. I was busy to play with Bruno and Jack. Linda and Chelsy wanted to bring something with them as Bronx trip memory. Inside the garden there was a market also named as New York Botanical Garden Farmers Market. Both of they purchased lots of things. We also went in an amazing restaurant. Food of that restaurant was so delicious. It was Mo Gridder's. Then we came back to our homes by taking next flight.
I really love this zoo, and I wish it weren't so expensive. I don't think $30/adult is normal for a zoo? But it really is an incredibly well maintained zoo with a variety of animals to see. There were so many animals I had never seen before. They had so many different primates, lemurs, rodents, butterflies, and a red panda! The most memorable exhibits were the grizzly bears, the gorillas, and all of the times you could get so close to the animals. I've never seen a zoo that made all of their exhibits this way. They want you to get as close as possible to the animals, and I really appreciated that when I was there. The food situation at the zoo is horrible. They have the same menu throughout the park, and it's just crap. Bring your own food. This is definitely a zoo you need to see at least once. It was so big, that I doubt I saw half of it. And I spent the entire day there, I was so tired walking around. Get the pass to see all the exhibits so you don't have to pay per thing you want to see. You can also use this pass to use the tram that will take you around the park. This is sooo helpful because walking will kill you.
There isn't a better zoo on the east coast than the bronx zoo as it not only has quantity, but quality as well.  The prairie bison are great to begin with while the waterfall near the entrance is an amazing view of a special part of the bronx river.  The bird house is also good but I haven't been in there for a long time.  The bengal tiger exhibit is great too, as they can get so close and you're just amazed by their beauty and strength.  They're great creatures.  The polar bear and the brown bear exhibits are also very good and who doesn't love watching those bears climb and swim.  No one.  Grab a pretzel or popcorn near the polar bears if it's around, but if it is closed, you'll have to head to the flamingo cafe that isn't too far off to fix your hunger.  The Africa section is great and I actually heard the lion roar for the first time a couple of months ago.  Pretty damn cool.  The baboons and giraffes are also great to look at, especially since the baby giraffes are so big and tall that you can't believe that they're that tall and they're only a couple of months old.  The wild dogs are a great addition to Africa since they're so active and fun to watch while the snow leopards and red pandas that are right before Africa are magnificent animals to watch, as their fur has some of the best designs and colors.  In Asia, riding the camel is a lot of fun while the jungle inside is amazingly vast and filled with various kinds of animals from monkeys to bats.  It's also a good place to warm up on a cold day.  The monorail ride is a great opportunity to see some cool looking animals that you wouldn't normally see in the other exhibits of the zoo.  The gorilla conservation exhibit is also a must, as it not only has gorillas, but various other primates as well as animals from the congo.  The seals are also back and better than ever while there is a new madagascar exhibit in the works.  The reptile house is pretty good if it's a really cold day while it's also always fun to climb the termite hills near the african village.  By the way, end your long day with a visit to the elephants in their house, if you can take the smell, and catch some soft serve ice cream wherever they've got.  For some reason, their soft serve is just amazing and better than any I've had elsewhere.  Enjoy the amazing Bronx Zoo and all that it has to offer.
Bring your walking shoes cuz your dogs are gonna be barkin'! Also, this is an alert--unless you are going with children don't buy the POP (pay one price) admission because you probably won't do all the additional attractions. Buy the "Limited Admission" and add on. The additional attractions you can buy individually as you roll up to each attraction for around $3 bucks a piece. The "must see" stuff includes: -Skyfari (a tram above the whole zoo) -Butterfly Garden (don't worry you're not swatting away moths, it's very peaceful) -Congo Gorilla Forest (we really could have stayed and watched them for hours in their huge habitat and not cuz of the resemblance or anything) This zoo is amazing and there is so much to see. We spent nearly 6 hours there and still didn't get to see one of their signature exhibits which was the African safari monorail.   Food was ok, but you might be smarter to picnic and bring your own. Also, if it's going to be a "long" day they sell beer. Who knew!
Great way to spend the day checking out a huge variety of animals. Ring tailed lemurs, hooray!
A great urban zoo that will take you the entire day to see everything. Many of the exhibits are designed for easy viewing of the animals. The big draws are the gorilla exhibits and the Asia monorail which is closed during the winter season. If you get there when it opens, head to these first as the lines get long. It's lots of fun just watching the animals, like the snow leopards yawning or the sifakas jumping around. As with any zoo, view the exhibits through lunch when everyone else is eating. Then hit the restaurants when it gets empty afterwards. Better yet, bring your own food - cheaper and exponentially better. The Bronx is now one of my favorite zoos in the States.
I think the Bronx Zoo is a-ok, tons of cool exhibits, but a bit of a rip off in my opinion. The price of the general admin ticket does not include entrance to half the exhibits, you have to spend and additional $19 to get the total experience. However, i suppose the best deal would be to go on a Wednesday were admission is donation base so all you have to do is buy the experience pass to see everything. The only thing is suggest getting there in the morning, it gets rather crowded in the afternoon. The zoo is fun though ton of cool animals to see, great for all ages.
I finally made it to the Bronx Zoo-YAY!!!!! You can buy tickets online, so you skip any lines on arrival, and the zoo is well- AMAZING!!!! The animals are incredible to see, the food is actually pretty good, and they have lions, and tigers, and polar bears.  A polar bear playing with a pumpkin I mean REALLY?????? It was just magical, and we all had an amazing, all be it exhausting, day.  Definitely will be back as soon as anyone wants to go with me!
For my 600th review, I must tell you folks about the Bronx Zoo. Because people-watching in NYC sometimes just isn't enough. Sometimes, you just have to look at some actual animals. This place far exceeded my expectations. Lions, tigers, snow leopards, giraffes, baboons, gorillas... and more. It's a fairly complete set. I especially liked the mouse house, with giant rodents the size of dogs. And there are peacocks just strutting around all over the place. There's nothing better than going to the zoo on a nice fall day.
My least favorite of all zoos in the NY Metro area simply because I DESPISE having to go to the Bronx for ANY REASON.  Driving through it alone gives me the creeps, so coming here to go to the zoo is annoying *BUT* as a parent, its one of the many sacrifices we have to make as it must be done at some point. Overrated.  Expensive.  Very cool exhibits, but you can barely see the animals because they're 32132321355 yards away.   The monorail adds a nice touch and the Dora the Explorer 4D ride was short, but fun. You can't miss the sea lion feeding or it's all just a waste.  Oh and don't miss the bug carousel or the butterfly garden, either.  Okay, fine this zoo is pretty cool, I guess?   Wear comfy sneakers and be prepared for a LOT of uphill walking.  It's kind of like Labrynth and it seems to never end.   The exhibits are all spread out.  A little too spread out for my lazy ass.  I want to see exotic animals, not go on a hiking trip.  Also, make sure you get the total experience package so you get your money's worth.  If you're going to deal with the inconvenience of getting here, might as well make the most of it.
I'm going to preface this by saying I love zoos. Seriously, I see the entrance to a zoo and something in my little heart of hearts has a spazz attack of happy and giddy. However, all zoos are not created equal - some suck. The Bronx Zoo does not suck. 5 stars for the huge variety of animals, ease of navigation, and proximity to public transportation (the 2 & 5 trains will drop you off two blocks from an entrance which is pretty damned close if you ask me). If you go to the zoo, definitely go to the World of Darkness and make sure you see the Slow Loris. It's adorable and moves about as slow as a fat southern man wandering down the streets of Atlanta in 100 degree weather.
I love the zoo, but I was not a fan of the Bronx Zoo.  I went on a Wednesday which I believe is suggested donation day. I brought my little brother with me thinking it would be a great bonding experience, but it was more of a bother.   The line to go in was ridiculous.  I am not sure how much it is to go in on a normal day, but I gave $20 for three people which I thought seemed fair knowing most people probably give less on these particular days if anything at all.  Once you entered the zoo there was some type of poor animal being solicited for children rides.  I am not a supporter of this, especially in hot weather (It was July.)  There was a long line so these poor animals must have been exhausted! I do not know why, but for the life of me I can not remember what the animal was here. The next thing that bothered me was the long lines for drinks. My brother has a heart defect, so he has to be able to get some water when the heat feels like too much for him.  I found it odd that with high guest volume they would have one person working the cash register AND providing the food/drinks.  There were at least two registers at the stand, so why one person for all of those orders?  I felt bad for that woman, it looked stressful. I find the zoo to be confusing, and all the exhibits were far apart.  It is more like a large park a few animals every once and a while.   I may be a "bad" New Yorker for saying this, but I would take the Philly or Cape May zoo any day over the Bronx Zoo.  At least the Aquarium in Brooklyn is awesome!
My favorite zoo (except perhaps the London Zoo) that I've ever been to! Heck, there are over 4,000 animals there! My favorite exhibits are the sea lions (go see them during feeding time - they are a RIOT! and there's a baby sea lion there right now too... so cute!), elephants, giraffes, tortoises, and the entire new Madagascar exhibit. I really don't like the food at the zoo, however. There are extremely few vegetarian items (and basically NO vegan items), which I find SO hypocritical. The Bronx Zoo is so concerned with protecting wildlife... Why not be more proactive in also protecting the animals people eat in this country? They could really use food to educate many, many people on the importance of protecting our planet and our planet's animals! So minus a star for that, Bronx Zoo!
One of the best zoo in NYC. I'm a member of the zoo so I come here pretty frequent, not to mentioned that I used to do my research here. My favorite place is the Asia Exhibit, feels like I am reconnecting with the wildlife of my roots.  Also, the monorail is a must try if you've never been. Here's some tip for a fun visit: Avoid the crazy lines at the monorail, try to do it early in the morning or late in the evening before they closed. Why? That's because they feed the animals early in the morning and late evening so they are pretty close to the monorail track and can be easily spotted.
Pretty good zoo-- some of the highlights: - Polar bear jumping and splashing in his small pool - Reptile house: Cool Crocodile collection and a large python and anaconda - Pretty grounds, which were nice for strolling around on a nice day - Baboons Cons: -A little pricier than I'm used to (used to go to the Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago whenever I wanted for free). It was $15 for entrance to limited exhibits, since it was the end of the day I didn't pay for the premium exhibits and missed out on the Gorillas, the Asian exhibit and the butterfly house - Monkey house (Don't get me wrong, I do like Tamarins, but I'd like to see some other primates too. And how about some sunlight in there?)
"No i don't wanna see the monkeys their clear across the zoo. Fuck monkeys"  That is what i screamed to my friends when they got a hard on to see the hairy poop flinger's. This place is too big and i'm too lazy! There isn't enough time or redbull to see everything in the zoo, unless ur 10years old and have no attention span.I tend to read everything, not just oohh and ahhh at the caged cuteness.  I don't really like this place, but i feel like everyone should go at lest once, its worth it. So many different animals, and little exhibits. This place is really great if you have little ones, they will be amazed and it will tire them out for the day. I only have a few gripes: 1.You have to pay extra for certain things in the park, its not a flat fee for everything. 2.Its in the Bronx(this just might be my own personal gripe), its sooo far, i feel like im leaving the state! I live in Brooklyn, and personally don't see the need of going passed 60th street, but thats just me. 3.If you are going with you family, PACK A LUNCH! Its  redic how much a burger and fries cost. Plus there aren't many more food options I do love the gift shop, but its crazy expensive too. If you must go to the zoo, wear comfty shoes, and take lots of cash.
I went to the Bronx Zoo on one of the hottest days of the year (it was June 8th, if anyone remembers) and I still loved it. Hence, the 4 stars. I love anything in New York that makes you feel like you're NOT in NY and that is definitely the Bronx Zoo. Sure, wild animals don't wander around in Manhattan (usually) but also you can't really FEEL anything that makes you think you're in NY when you are there. Which I love. The animals are great, the tram and the little safari train are fun and have great views.
I haven't  been to this zoo in 6 years and made a return visit yesterday with my boyfriend, who hadn't been since he was a little kid. We had a BLAST. We got there at around 11:30 and stayed until 4 and got to see most of what we wanted, skipping things that weren't as big of a draw for us (the aviary, for one. i like birds but he isn't big on them and we felt it was fine skipping). The place is huge, so prepare with comfy walking shoes and take some time to take a break on a bench now and then. Expect over priced, mediocre food. It's a zoo, after all. It's decent enough to fuel you for lunch and keep you going, but you could pack your own lunch for sure if you prefer. I was woefully disappointed that the zebras (my favorite animal) were not on display yesterday, but we did get to see a ton of monkeys and the sea lion feeding, which was awesome. They were by far the happiest animals in that place! We could have watched them all day. Keep an eye out for wandering peacocks! They will cross paths with you often. The only extra charge thing we did was the Congo, and for $5 a piece, it was worth it. It was probably my favorite part of the whole trip. Those gorillas were up close and personal!  Other than that, we paid for regular admission and just extra for that, because nothing else appealed to us enough to want to spend the extra on for either the complete experience ticket or to drop at the attractions. There is enough stuff already included in admission to keep you busy, so pick and choose. And expect to spend the entire day there, for sure. It was a perfect day (and a great date idea!).
I am a total zoo snob, and the Bronx Zoo really is a world class zoo.  It's huge, with lots of space for both animal habitats and nice shady walks between (heavily populated with free bonus chipmunks and oddly gorgeous ebony squirrels).  I loved this zoo.  I was exhausted from the walk at the end of the day (maybe should have used the little train, after all), but it was so worth it.  The nocturnal exhibit is marvelous (sand cat!  bats!  night monkey!), the Jungle exhibit with the gibbons and their pet tapir is a delight, the children's zoo is very worth the price of admission (spoiler alert: fennec foxes!) and even the mouse house is surprisingly great (giant cloud rat?  who knew? but ok!). This zoo has something for everyone, from your polar bears to your poison dart frogs.  Animal happiness is clearly a priority, but they don't shirk on visitor enjoyment, either.  Every bit as good as people said, and I'm glad I made the trek out there. (Monkey house was a bit of a disappointment, but not egregiously so, especially as the teeny guys here seem pretty happy and there are other monkeys spread around the zoo. )
It's a nice place to take the kids and the people who work there are excellent.  A bit pricey, but that is to be expected. Personally, I can't help but feel a little sorry for animals in captivity, though I know that sometimes that zoos are necessary. I am glad for the dedication of the people who work there and care for the animals.
For posterity sake, I have decided I might never give a zoo 100% 5 star rating. I wish zoos would house animatronic animals because the idea of the live beasts being confined makes me sad, but it is what it is and if you love animals, you usually end up at a zoo sooner or later to get a closer look at them. The Bronx Zoo is an absolute fortress of animals. It's huge, and clean and there is a vast assortment of beasties and activities. Can't wait to bring my nephews here.
Went to the famous zoo for the first time yesterday. It was very crowded, the directions and signage inside the zoo was a bit confusing at times, but it's definitely worth exploring more with return trips. Wednesdays are pay-what-you-wish donation day, aka free admission day, but since we didn't have any change, we donated a $20 anyway. Normally an adult is $15. Many of the exhibits inside the zoo cost addition fees upon entering. I'm not sure if going on Wednesdays are worth the free trip since many many schools and camps go on that day as well, the zoo gets very crowded. There's almost always a line for the bathroom and the picnic tables gets filled super fast. Although the line for buying food isn't as long as you expect because the zoo allows you to bring in your own food. Some highlights are : Asia Monorail - has good viewing of animals without you stepping out of the carts. Tiger Mountain - get up close and personal with the beasts. Congo Gorilla Forest Jungle World Madagascar The Children's Zoo We went with our 1 year old son and even he enjoyed looking at the elephants and giraffes. A lot of exhibits don't allow strollers inside so you have to park them at a designated area.
This zoo is so over priced, you have to pay to see some of the animals we walked 10 minutes before we saw the first animal. The gorilla part I must say was the best part of the zoo even though that was 15$ more. Not the best zoo at all
It is hard to review a place where I went often as a child - my first visit there was when I was a baby. As an adult, I can review it and tell you, Bronx Zoo is a MUST.  This place far exceeded my expectations (again!). Lions, tigers, snow leopards, giraffes, baboons, gorillas, mini aquarium and even more...
When you buy a general admission pass, you think that $30 will get you general admission to the zoo. The Bronx Zoo redefines general admission. To ride anything with a motor (ie. tram), you pay extra. To go into the Congo exhibit, you pay $5 extra. There are all these "extras" that are wrapped into a ticket called the TOTAL EXPERIENCE ticket which is like $37, which I totally missed when I was buying my ticket at the door. It wasn't obvious how the ticketing was set up. Also, the bears, the rhinos, the aardvarks and wild boars were missing from their cages. I wish I got to see them. Next time?
You're gonna spend a whole day here, haha. THis zoo is ENORMOUS! they have so many animals and so many attractions. It is also a historical zoo so the victorian architecture is also beautiful and worth the trip. My favorite part is the tram through the asian animal section of the zoo. They have the most endangered and asian deer species than any other zoo. Plus it's nice to just sit in a moving car as you see all the animals. This is a great way to escape the city and learn about animal conservation and to see animals that very few zoos have. THis zoo is pricey though - there are a few exhibits that require separate tickets, so the full experience can cost about $30. I bought a season pass for $100 which gives you unlimited access for you and a guest too this zoo as well as all others in the new york city area. I definitely recommend doing this if you come here even just a few times a year.
I remember when I was in 5th grade I was on the tram train I looked behind me I saw cages and 2 workers beating a tiger with a stick. I don't have respect for any zoo who exploits animals for money. Been going here since I was little use to live 2 blocks away and every time I go I see unhappy caged stressed out animals. I would not be stepping foot back in that fake environment again. And some of the workers seem unhappy and I heard there's alot of favoritism so that says alot nothing more to say
The following is an excerpt from my 1st grade self-published book entitled "My Trip to the Bronx Zoo." "We saw the red panda.  It was fuzzy.  We saw giraffes.  I liked them because they were tall.  I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.  It was good.  Antonello and I had the same box drink." Well, I am pleased to report that 18 years later the red panda is still fuzzy and the giraffes are still tall.  Incidentally, I also had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.  Changes have come to the zoo, but good ones, and we really enjoyed our day there yesterday. The Pay One Price pass ($25) is a good value if you're planning on seeing and doing as much as possible-- we were able to do the Skyfari, Monorail, Butterfly Gardens, and Congo Gorilla exhibit, which are all normally extra, plus walk-bys of about half of the rest of the zoo, in an afternoon.   My favorites were the okapis, the sea lions, and the squirrel monkeys, but the Monorail is a must-do.  As the tour guide points out, to your left are cars whizzing by on the Bronx River Parkway, and to your right are elephants.  Only in New York...
Wow, What a nice and clean zoo. The zoo is so big that you really need to have at least half day to finish the who zoo. Inside the park is very clean and many many animals.... Since I was only spending my weekend in NY, I decided to just spend 2 hours in there (I only had time to walk about 30 % of the zoo). I already had a wonderful time. I sure will go back again and spend a whole day in there. The only negative thing is that all the troller ride within the park is not free. So wear something comfy for walking if not ready to spend some Money :) Tips: The park does serve Beer  for the adults.
This is one of the better zoos that I've visited, especially from an animal enrichment perspective. The larger mammals have ample outdoor space with plenty of foliage and landscape to roam around on/in/under/behind. Of course, as a visitor this means you might not always get the best view, but it's important for the animals to feel comfortable and safe. I am sad that there isn't an aquarium section to the zoo, even a small one. Unless I missed it somewhere?
I had the most enjoyable day at the Bronx Zoo two years ago and I haven't been to the Bronx Zoo since I was a kid on a school trip. On the suggestion of my friend, I decided to head out and drive a couple minutes into Whitestone and park in the neighborhood near Parsons Blvd and 14th Ave. The Q44 bus at Parsons Blvd and 14th Ave can take me right to the Bronx Zoo and I don't have to stress out wondering when to get off because it is the very last stop. At the Parsons Blvd bus stop, there is a bench to sit on, which is great for me since I get tired easily. Waiting on a Saturday morning, the bus actually came at the time it was scheduled to come and while crossing the Whitestone Bridge, I saw a very beautiful view of the water and the Bronx. After that, it took maybe a half an hour trip to arrive at the Bronx Zoo. Next to the Bronx Zoo is a public park. If I had known that I had to wait so long for my friend and his friends to arrive, I would have sat on the park benches for a while because there is no place to sit at the entrance of the Bronx Zoo. I think I was at entrance C. The park map is very simplistic as the path is basically in a huge circle. It's a great for exercise. I would suggest to plan accordingly to the events because to get to the other side of the park, one must walk around in a circle formation and that takes time. Sooner or later, people will feel tired and look for a bench to sit on. Overall, I had a fun day at the park. If I have a chance, maybe I'll visit the Botantic Garden not far from the zoo next time. PROS: It's Bronx Zoo! CONS: Can easily miss the events like animal feeding if not conscious of time.
Even though I grew up on LI I never made it to the Zoo until my late teens. The first time was when my parents and I were driving through to look at colleges the second time was with my husband. So I've only been twice in ten years. We went on a chilly April day when we were bored and pretending it was warmer than it was. We bought the deluxe whatever tickets it worked out to be a little over 30 bucks each. We showed up at 4 and wish the ticket people had let us know that the park was closing in less than 2 hrs. Also the extra add ons we paid for were pointless because none of those animals were out because it was only in the high 40s. We should have asked more questions but it would have been nice to know. All in all its a beautifully laid out zoo. Nice large exhibits and since we went in the off season we could leisurely stroll and look at the exhibits. We will be back earlier next time.
The zoo itself isnt in a bad neighborhood, only tourists living in rurual communities would be shell-shocked. The grounds itself is so extensive and there is a lot to see. Some areas you'd have to pay extra to attend. They have every possible species and class of animal, reptile, amphibian, insect. My only problem is that the groundskeepers and zookeepers were nowhere in sight. I went in the fall and I witnessed the polar bear looked so sad. No ice, no water, nothing that presented it as a natural polar bear habitat. If I gave him a gun, he'd probably commit suicide- that's how unhappy he looked! That left a negative impression on me for sure. I dont like the concept of caged animals to begin with, but if you must do it, at least make it a comfortable experience for them. The lions and tigers also were lethargic and looked as bored as could be. Their area was small, and big cats should not be so confined. I wont go back because it will anger me. If the aforementioned doesnt bother you, then I recommend you take a trip and wear your most comfortable walking shoes!
Its a nice zoo  even on a cold day in December there were enough animals out. Still many were not.  For a Saturday it was not crowded -maybe 100 people there over a large area.  My daughter really loved it -it might be her favorite zoo. I'd like a petting area but it was fine.
This is one of the neatest zoos in the world.  It is so large and has so many exhibits and different species of animals.  I visited in the winter time and although very cold, most animals were able to be seen and lively.  There are also many indoor exhibits.  The park is very tastefully done and makes you feel as though you are in Asia or Africa.  I don't know if it's worth the almost $30 (gulp!) but check it out on Wednesdays (pay whatever you want day). For my experience see: forround2.blogspot.com/2… and scroll to appropriate paragraphs.
The Bronx Zoo is amazing!! I thought I had been to a zoo after I saw the Stone Zoo in Stoneham, MA.... wow. This completely kicked that to the curb. I love animals and have recently taken up photography, so I was like a kid in a candy store here. The habitats are spacious and very authentic looking so that the animals aren't holed up behind chicken wire and miserable. I hate the idea of capturing animals in general, but if you're going to have a zoo, do it as rightly as you can by the animals and give them some room. We spent the whole day there and still didn't see everything. Everywhere we turned there was more to see, more to do. They even had a peacock just wandering around while we ate our pizza. It was so funny! You'd never know you were in New York aside from seeing a skyscraper peeking past the trees here and there. Beautiful, cleanly, so well kept and you can tell they're considerate of the animals' wellbeing. I can't wait until I get a chance to go back.
A place worth returning to.  Been here since I was a kid and returned every year but still have yet to finish exploring the whole place
The Bronx Zoo is great, but also kind of odd.  Its kinda like they're halfway from upgrading the park from its former layout to its new one.  The way they're building new exhibits is focused more on regions rather than scientific classifications.  An example of this would be them replacing the cat house with the new Madagascar exhibit.  The addition of Tiger Mountain was awesome though, as the tigers come right up to the glass unlike the similiar gorilla exhibit.  In addition, the kiddie zoo is as great as ever.  I get the feeling they don;'t really have a defined long term plan, and I think that hurts them more than anything.  However, they're still a great zoo, and they have plenty of diverse animals and great exhibits (and pretty friendly staff too).  Make sure to hit up Arthur Ave (within walking distance of the west gate) afterwards for dinner and food shopping! Warning: Whatever you do, DON'T go on a Wednesday; it may be free, but its also the 3rd circle of hell as described by Dante over there.
As a general rule of thumb, I hate zoos. I think it's wrong to cage up an animal and display it to the public. You want to see an animal? Go to the wild. Now, I understand that some animals need to be kept in captivity for one reason or another (endangered, ill, etc etc) so in some cases I'll let my hatred of zoos slide. The Bronx Zoo is one of them. This zoo is ridiculously huge. I mean HUGE. We were there a full 4-5 hours and still didn't see everything! This is great since that means the animals have tons of room to move around! I absolutely loved the monorail trip into the enclosures. Reminded me of Jurassic Park! I appreciated the fact that they built huge wooden fences in parts to drown out the noise caused by the Bronx River Parkway. As far as other amenities went, the food was decently priced and altogether not bad tasting for park food, the prices on souvenirs were reasonable, and most everything (rides, exhibits & attractions) was open! It was definitely a sleepy day at the zoo. Most of the animals weren't too active. Unfortunately this aided in sparking those dislike feelings I mentioned earlier. The animals often time looked sad and cooped up. However, the knowledge that parts of my ticket prices go towards the development and preservation of wild life habitats kept my spirits up!
big, pricey (well it is New York, do you really think you wouldn't be paying), well worth it. Can't really give a bad review.
I used to be a penny pincher that would look at a $20 admission fee and immediately start to protest. But really, admission to even one of the amazing exhibits at the Bronx Zoo is worth $10 at least and here you get a whole day's worth of exposure to the world's animal diversity. On my most recent visit, I was struck by how well some of their exhibits combine plants, sounds, the feature animal, and ASSOCIATED animals within that ecosystem. The bird center, for example, included small primates and rodents, too, and changes in lighting and air quality appropriate to each bird environment. Your $20 admission could never pay to keep up the care and feeding and conservation work that the Bronx Zoo org is involved with. My advice is to go alone or with a small group so that you can actually take the time to absorb the environments and not hurry from attraction to attraction. And don't go on a crowded summer or weekend day. The zoo is too big, you need to be able to absorb it.  I got to look in the face of a gorilla!
This is a very large zoo and has a ton of animals. I particularly liked the tigers. After walking around for a few hours it's nice to hop on the monorail and relax for a bit, but be warned that it, like many of the exhibits, are an extra cost, so if you want to see everything you might as well pay extra for the "total experience" ticket and you'll save a bit of money that way. I can't comment on the food price/quality since we brought our own snacks but I'm sure it's overpriced and flavorless like every other zoo, so expect it and plan accordingly. Visited: September 24, 2012
Wednesday at the Bronx Zoo is "suggested donation day"--translation: free. So Wednesday is the obvious day for a jaunt up to the Bronx Zoo right? Wrong! While you may choose to pay nothing at the door, or be able to purchase the "total experience" (i.e. to see the stuff you go to zoos to see) for $12.95 instead of $30, there's the hidden cost of enduring the raging sea of humanity. The walking paths throughout the zoo were infested with people. Young, lackadaisical parents  amble about as their storm of spawn swirl around them Lord of the Flies style. When these parents grew bored of apathy, they incited a stroller aggression that 7th ave in park slope merely hints at. The alarming info-signs scattered throughout the zoo that warn of the ravages of human population growth and deforestation were particularly grim given the context. My misanthropy was duly tested. When I could get a glimpse of any of the exhibits from behind mobs of jackasses jockeying for optimum phone cam angles and/or squealing kids banging on shit to get the animals' attention, the zoo was impressive in both scale and curation. The gorilla area is one of the most extensive I've seen at a zoo. The Asian rainforest exhibit is well executed. There are also a bunch of very rare and fun South American primates that were immune to crowds. I didn't ride the monorail (re: end of 2nd paragraph). My advice: pony up the $30 for the total experience on a random monday morning in the fall.
The Bronx Zoo is, hands down, the greatest zoo in the world. True, I have not visited every zoo in the world, but that will not stop me from stating this as a fact. There is no way any other zoo can top this place. First off, peacocks. Tons of them. Everywhere. And, if you are lucky, you will even see some of the males strutting around with their feathers proudly up and on display. Second, lions & the cubs. Three of them were just born, so get there soon so you can see these adorable little guys before they grow up. Unlike some of the other animals, it seems like the lions enjoy relaxing near the front of their exhibit, so no need to crane your neck trying to find them. In the 6 hours we spent at the zoo, each time we passed by the lions, they were all proudly sitting near the edge, occasionally looking over to monitor the crowd, making it clear that they own this zoo and they will rip your face off, if need be. Fantastic. Other animals of note: * The brown bears are fun to watch. One always seems to be hanging out in the watering hole, splashing around and generally having a grand old time. * The red pandas, if these hyper little guys can sit still long enough to catch a glimpse. * The crocodiles, who seem to enjoy staring down young children until they run screaming from the exhibit. Awesome. There are also some extra exhibits that are worth the extra $$. The butterfly garden is small, but rather nice. The Bengali Monorail is also cool, but get on early...once it hits mid-day, the animals will retreat to the back of their enclosures and you'll spend the 20 minute ride looking at trees. Tips: If you can, go during the week in May. The monorail will be running at the point, and since it's still the school year, the kids will be at a minimum. We never had a problem viewing the exhibits because of crowds and the stores and cafes were empty. Oh and get there early. The animals will be alert and playful in the morning. Once afternoon hits, they like to nap, usually far from prying eyes. And, if you are in NYC, the express bus from Manhattan is super convenient and a lot more comfortable than the looooong subway ride.
I haven't been to the Bronx Zoo since I was a little kid on a class trip back in the 80's or early 90's, so going back this past weekend, brought back that happy nostalgic feeling. It's a great day outing, even as adults.  It took us about an hour and a half, but we had to skip a few sections.  It is suggested to give the zoo about 2 - 3 hours of time, maybe even 4. The park was well maintained.  I would also suggest going in the Spring or Summer, where I'm sure that a lot of the animals will be out.  It's now the Fall, and even though the lions, tigers, and bears were out - the gorillas were no where to be found.  If you go around that 3pm or 4pm hour, you'll be sure to catch feeding time. The Bronx Zoo was coordinating with Groupon for ticketing - $4 admission per person, so it was definitely worth the trip down memory lane.
The Bronx Zoo is a classic New York tourist attraction and I try to make a trip once a year. The grounds have some of the with largest trees I've seen and it was a great break from the city. The other reviewers have covered a lot, but my recomendations are: * The zoo charges an entry fee which covers most of the animals, but some exhibits cost extra. If you are going on a corporate weekend, your free entry just gets you into the zoo not the exhibits. * The unlimited attraction pass is only worth it if you are planning on going to see most of the attractions. Since two hours at the zoo is enough for me, the unlimited pass wasn't the best purchase. Consider how much time you are going to spend there - it is likely cheaper to buy tickets (I think they were between $3 and $6) individually. * Buy your food and water before you get into the zoo - they charge $3 for a water inside.
I find zoos morally questionable. It's not right to keep animals in captivity, whether wild caught or captive bred (though obviously if they are captive bred their chances for survival in the wild are pretty slim). However, they also do serve a purpose in terms of teaching people about endangered species, conservation, pollution, biology, etc. One can only hope out of the tens of thousands of kids who visit this zoo every year, a handful of them will go on to forge careers full of advancements in the aforementioned topics. As far as zoos go, I think the Bronx Zoo is amazing. It is the largest in the United States with 265 acres of parklands and naturalistic habitats (one of the first), 4000 species (most of which are endangered), they have composting toilets, gorgeous architecture and a vast array of wildlife that seem as content as they can considering their circumstances. I've never seen an agitated or pacing animal in all the times I went to the zoo (Which, as a kid growing up near it was pretty often, I even got to see the pandas when they were there) Plus there are peacocks wandering around all over the place, which is just gorgeous and neat. They seem completely unphased by the human visitors to the park. It's a great place because there is an entirely separate children's zoo where kids can play in underground passages like groundhogs, wear headphones that illustrate how different foxes hearing is, and jump and climb and learn about wildlife in a fully immersive, interactive environment. Adults can enjoy the gorgeous architecture. A few words of advice: 1) Bring sunscreen. You're going to be walking around a ton outdoors. 2) COMFORTABLE SHOES for the aforementioned walking 3) Bring your own snacks. The food courts are expectedly overpriced and underwhelming.
It's zoos like this that put many other zoos to shame.  It surprises me that someone thinks the San Francisco Zoo is better than this one.  Wow.   You can spend  days upon days visiting the Bronx Zoo and still be entertained.  Love the prairie dogs!!!  It's as fun for kids as it is for adults.
After the Botanical Garden, I headed to the Zoo where it was "pay what you want" day (Wednesday). I headed in and decided to forgo looking at the map and just wander around the zoo, looking at animals wherever my feet took me. I don't remember the last time I was at the zoo, but the Bronx Zoo was great. I saw a rhino, sea lions, a polar bear, red panda, baboons, monkeys, lions, giraffes, reptiles, birds, bison and more. I wanted to see the Congo exhibit, but you had to pay and I also wanted to take the train tour around the zoo, but you had to pay. What's with these additional fees? I explored all of the zoo that I could (without paying additional for some exhibits). Didn't attend any of the shows and still had a great time.
A city (and a national) treasure. I do not have time to write a proper rewview right now - but I will update this soon.  Meanwhile - read the SCADS of others. And in the summer bring SUNSCREEN!
Came here on a Wednesday to find out its enter by donation only which was great news. All of the park was opened except for some food stands, which makes sense due to the lack of crowd there. Before the other day I haven't been to the Bronx Zoo in a bout a year and a half. I must say the park looks even better than before. The up keep is great between the landscaping, signs and cleanliness of the entire park. I did the Congo tour which gave me the opportunity to see endangered gorillas. This was for $5.00 per ticket. I also did the Asian monorail tour which was really cool and relaxing, you get a change to ride on a monorail through a large portion of the park and see some interesting animals. I got here at 2p and didn't have enough time to see the entire park as they begin to close down some of the indoor sites at 4:30. Get here when they open at 10a and you should have enough time to tour the entire park and relax for a bit.
My boo and I moved up to NYC a few weeks ago and been trying to find all of the free and fun things to do.   At the start of the morning, I searched online for free museum wednesday and this zoo popped up.  Sweet!   We didn't leave the apt until about 1 or so, and it took quite a while to get up to the bronx on the 5 train. We finally get to the subway stop, and stop to grab a bite to eat.  I really recommend you getting food before going in because it seems most of the food stands in the zoo are closed on a Wed, especially in October. We get to the front gate to get our tickets, and we're kinda put on the spot when the lady asks, "how much would you like to donate today?"   Good thing my boo has no shame (that's why I love her) and she replies, "umm, nothing."   I would have maybe tossed a buck or two, or say I'll pay on the way out. I would say that this zoo is kinda ordinary, and the free entry is okay, but after going to the free zoo in Washington DC, I'm not used to paying for this stuff.    This zoo is a bit small too. It reminds me of the DC Zoo or the Oakland Zoo.  However, one thing that stands out is the camel rides!   It's kinda pricey at $6 for 1 ride around a tiny circle, but hey, at least they're cool about it and will let you use your own camera!  We ended up both riding the camels (separately - they don't let 2 adults sit on one at a time) to help contribute some money back to the zoo. Everything at the zoo costs extra unless you bought the super expensive ticket that includes everything.  Camel ride - 6 bucks, shuttle - 3 bucks, monorail -4 bucks, childrens zoo - 4 bucks.  Everything adds up, and you can upgrade your normal ticket to the everything access pass for about 20 bucks.  It makes for a pricey day at $16 + $20 = $36 bucks for a full access ticket! A couple of hours is enough for this zoo.  Bring some cash for the memorable experience of riding a camel.  A drink at a bar costs more than that, but the memory of riding the camel would last a lifetime.
Oh man, I think I've been here like 15 or 20 times. I remember when I was a kid, every year we would have a class trip to the zoo. Wednesdays are free. There are ups and downs to this. The upside is, of course, that it's free. The downside is that it's free ... so EVERYONE is there on a Wednesday. It gets packed. What can I say? I love this place. It's the best zoo ever. But I would NEVER come here on a hot day. I've made that mistake one too many times. The zoo is HUGE and walking around in the blazing sun is not cool.
Premier New York City Zoo and lots of money and influence is pumped into it.  You can't go wrong. Go on Wednesdays - it's free, but if you have money to spare, then donate.  Then go eat authentic Italian food on Arthur Avenue nearby. Keep in mind some animals don't like NYC cold winters, so you're not going to see everything.  But do not let this hold you back from going "off season" - less people means more intimacy and quicker bathroom breaks. And bring snacks.  The cafe foods are carb loaded.
My boyfriend and I came to the zoo after buying a Google Offers deal - thought it'd be a cute time to go since it was around Halloween time and there was "Boo at the Zoo." In comparison to other zoos I've been to (notably the Philadelphia Zoo), I thought the Bronx Zoo was just okay. It felt a bit small. I guess I'm also a bit too grown up now for the zoo since I felt sad to watch the animals in their unnatural habitats (with painted skies and fake bamboo). The food options here also aren't too healthy. I had to resort to getting a fruit cup (mainly grapes and melons) to avoid eating the other stuff. However most parents (as most parents need to do) packed snacks and food for their kids. Wish we would've done that!
I love the Bronx Zoo exhibits, but it sucks that you can never see all the exhibits in one day (sucks for me because it takes me a WHILE to get out to the Bronx).  You can get in for free with your BOA Debit/Credit Card on the first weekend of each month (yayyy), but regular admissions is not bad either.  PERFECT day trip with kids, a lot to see.   Only thing I don't like is the expensive, nothing-to-rave-about food that you get at the food court.  You can bring your own food (we like to bring pigs-in-a-blanket/trail mix), but it sometimes gets tedious to carry that extra stuff around so we've eaten at the food court area  as well.
The Bronx Zoo is everything a zoo ought to be.  I've been to many zoos (the LA zoo, the San Diego Wild Animal Park, the National Zoo in DC, the Beijing Zoo, etc.) but this is definitely one of my top two favorite zoos of all.   There is a great variety of animals at the Bronx Zoo.  On our 3-hour visit alone, we saw tigers, antelope, deer, peacocks, lions, polar bears, sea lions, black bears (they were fighting), lemurs, snow leopards, tortoises, monkeys, bison, hippos, etc.  What a diversity of animals!   The food at the zoo was surprisingly good (chicken strips and fries don't sound good but these were actually great).  They have dippin dots too.  The service was friendly. In all, this zoo is perfect.  Be prepared to do a lot of walking and be prepared for some hills.   You can see a lot with the General Adult admission and don't necessary need to get the upgraded experience.  There were only a few things we couldn't see because we got the General admission tickets.   I highly recommend the Bronx Zoo.
Stepping into the Bronx Zoo is like teleporting instantly out of New York City and into - well, a place full of cool and exotic creatures from around the world. The entrance fee is pretty steep, around $16 for general admission for adults (Total Experience only worth it if you have little children), but since it was a Bank of America Free Museum weekend, which is honestly the best thing about that banking institution, we got in for free. The Zoo is pretty easily accessible by subway, and we got there right after it opened on a gorgeous Saturday to beat the crowds, as herds of children tempt me to throw them into the bear habitat. The grounds are beautiful but quite spread out; we spent about four hours there and still missed a few exhibits. But its vastness can work to your advantage because even when the zoo is packed it never feels like you're constantly surrounded by people. The large animal enclosures weren't that outstanding, but where the zoo shined was in its smaller halls, like the one displaying all the varieties of animals from Madagascar, or the various jungles from around the world. The halls allow you to get closer to the animals and have helpful little plaques that teach you about the environment and the other plants and animal species in the habitat. Still, as it got later in the day it was harder to spend time at each display as the crowds would push you along, so getting there early was key.
Great place for family fun and a good educational experience for children and adults! S.
This is probably the best zoo in the North East of the USA. I mean I'm prejudice toward the San Diego zoo for their Pandas but this one is definitely the runner-up. Twice I came here for a charity event that I believe is a wonderful  thing to be held at the zoo amongst the animals. My favorite place is the congo....there are something about having gazelles and lions so close to each other makes me wonder how those lions do no smell easy meat next door :p....The giraffes are the next best thing, they're so graceful yet the thought of the length of their tongue being directly proportional to their height gives me the chills. If you are lucky, you might get a peacock to open its feathers....there are several breathtaking ones here!
Been going for as far back as I can remember. And now I take the kids too. A extremely great workout and an energy burner for the kids. Be warned: food can get pricey if you dont bring any snacks or water--especially with kids. Like any other animal-centric entertainment, sometimes they are hiding. Facilities could use some sprucing up and updating--only reason for 4 stars
This is the zoo of all zoos! Plan to spend the whole day here - you're going to need it. From the Mouse House to the Reptile House and the Congo Gorilla Forest to the Rain Forest, there's so much to do and so many animals to see. Make sure to take a ride on the monorail, stop at the Children's Zoo, and take a walk through the Butterfly Garden. The food here is pretty expensive, so you might want to pack your own lunch. And wear comfortable shoes!
My best friend and I went to the Bronx Zoo on a Wednesday, aka Donation Day.  We paid the recommended donation of $14.95 to get the total zoo experience.  Typical admission is $33.95 Most of the zoo grounds were quite nice, but some looked like they lacked maintenance.  The indoor exhibits...  My god, everything looked so old and dirty.  While I'll never understand why carpet lines the interiors, it was disappointing to see chunks missing out of the floor or smelling some weird funkiness.  It doesn't help that some of the rooms lacked any air circulation whatsoever.  Pair this sight with animals crammed in small spaces and little boxes, and the entire zoo just felt sad, dated, and old. The highlight of the trip was the Congo Gorilla Forest; we saw a mama gorilla interact with her baby gorilla.  She had picked him up, walked towards the glass, and plopped down with him right next to her man gorilla!  We were able to watch her feed her little one.  Pretty amazing.  Gorillas are insanely expressive, especially with their eyes.  (Won't lie; we also felt a bit guilty/uncomfortable.  Forever internal struggle.) Even though we walked the perimeter of the zoo and popped into every viewable exhibit, it felt like we didn't see many animals.  It was an abnormally hot day when we went, so maybe they were in hiding or dozing off somewhere. On the plus side, big animals-wise, we did see a grizzly bear, a polar bear, a tiger, lots of sea lions, and three giraffes. I honestly don't think that the Bronx Zoo was particularly impressive, and I would be very hesitant to recommend it to anyone, especially at full price.  Even paying the discounted rate, it was "okay" at best.  However, if you're able to go in on donation day or have kids, it may be worth your while.
I have loved the Bronx Zoo for YEARS. When my sisters and I were younger we used to come here in the summers for "Zoo Camp" and my family also had a membership for many years. It was such a big treat to come to the zoo, I remember having many fantastic times here as a kid. Imagine my delight when I was brought to the zoo as a surprise for my *gasp* 24th birthday...the first time in 10 years that I had been there! We bought the Adult "Full Experience" tickets since Shea had never been to a zoo (I KNOW!) and I hadn't been in so long. The tickets included all of the special exhibits and rides...The Zoo Shuttle, Asia Monorail, Madagascar, Congo Gorilla Forest, Butterfly Garden, Bug Carousel, and Children's Zoo. The tickets were $27 each and were worth the money, seeing as the zoo is so big and there is so much to see! We ran around that place like 5 year old children. I know I chanted several times, "I'm at the zoo!!!" The 265 acre zoo kept us busy for four and a half hours; even the fastest walking New Yorkers would have trouble seeing everything in one day. Highlights included the Asia Monorail, a ride which tours you through the  southern end of the zoo and many animal exhibits; the Gorilla Congo, which is celebrating their 10th anniversary this season and provides and spacious home to many species of apes, and Tiger Mountain, where Shea was able to get close (5 feet away....albeit on the other side of thick glass) to a massive tiger. There's just so much to see and do there... One thought: It seems to me that they now have fewer big animals in order to to give the ones they have more space. I remember that they used to have both Asian and African elephants (they now only have Asian), cheetahs, and chimpanzees to name a few. These animals have apparently moved on to other places since you can no longer find them here! Definitely recommended for kids of all ages.
Been here a dozen times and love everything about it.  We were able to see lion cubs and a baby gorilla this year.  I love bringing my Nikon and capturing incredible photos.  The zoo is beautiful and makes for a perfect date :-) only negative experience was visiting on memorial day.  Wouldn't even recommend taking children on a school holiday!
Quite far, lots of animals, but all the gorillas were hiding I came here with friends this past Sunday. It was a ridiculously warm 60s degree cloudy day in December. It took about an hour train ride from my home in Astoria, which isn't bad. But if you live in Brooklyn in my friend does, you can look forward to a 2 hour ride. Once I got off the train, I spent 15 minutes wandering around, getting lost, because I have no idea where north is (Reminder to self: Get an iPhone for the GPS, or get a compass), which is where I had to go to get to the South West entrance of the zoo. So after finally finding my friends and the entrance, We are off to the zoo. The first thing I saw was 2 peacocks, just hanging out, walking around the zoo grounds like pigeons. That's so cool! Too bad they didn't spread their feathered tail. That would have been awesome. They are currently having the Wild Winterland event at the Bronx zoo, which really just meant, Ice Sculptures, Clydesdale ride, Reindeers, and ppl on stilts (don't know how that's related to Winterland). The Ice Sculptures are nice, especially the sculpture of the word "Bronx Zoo". We certainly took more than a few pics to help them advertise to our friends. The Clydesdale rides are not. They cost $5 and there was a long line. The ride probably last about 10 minutes and goes around the center area of the zoo. The problem is people like me and my friends are on the same path and we almost got ran over not once, but twice.  The reindeers are cool, but there were only 2 of them and its hard to take pics because the wooden fence was quite high (like 5 feet). The people on stilts are nice, but I didn't get to take pics of them because I ran out of space on my digi cam. As for the rest of the zoo, the madagascar section was kinda disappointing. The lemurs look kinda bored and no one really bother to get too close to the hissing cockroaches. The congo section was also disappointing on the day I went, all the gorillas were hiding and I didn't see any of them, anywhere. I almost wanted to ask for a refund, considering you have to pay for the Congo section of the park. Good thing they only charge $1 that day. Maybe they know all the gorillas were sleeping that day. I really like the airiness of the zoo. Most of the outdoor parts of the zoo felt more like Central Park w/ animals than an actual zoo. Just wide open spaces and animals wandering about. They have some really ingenious fencing technology that you don't even see the division between the animals and us (except for the really dangerous one, like the grizzly bears and the Tigers, damn kept wanting to call them Ligers). There are really a ton of different animals to see in the Bronx Zoo that I don't think I can cover them all in this review. Its really just worth the trip, even if it takes 2 hours to get there for the Brooklyn folks. And as always, this is a perfect place to go with friends. Like any other popular place, you will want to go when there isn't alot of ppl (Morning before 12, weekdays). I will definitely go back soon, maybe in the Spring when they have the butterfly exhibit.
I have probably been here ten times since age 10 but my most recent visit was probably the most memorable. My best friend and I went this past May and either due to the cool air or the fall like temperature all of the animals were wandering around their pens or enclosures posing for pictures. Even giraffes, monkeys and gorillas were eyeing me sadly or suspiciously as I was staring at their beautiful babies. It was a perfect day. Everyone should come here at least once a year, regardless of their age.
So, my boyfriend finally came up with a date idea on his own. So I was super excited to make the trip to the zoo. Overall, it was an A-Ok day. I found the zoo to be more like a humongous nature park with a sideshow of animals more than anything else. Being cheapy, we got the general admission tix for $15, not  "Total Experience" (almost double the price) and more to the point, probably could not have made it to all the special exhibits in the time that we had. We spent about 4 1/2 hours here and you definitely need a fulll day to do it right. We saw about half of the park and there was a lot of hiking up steep trails involved. Wear good shoes and be prepared to navigate overcrowded trails with tons of strollers and screaming kids. Though I expected children, I have never seen this many strollers in one place in my life. Wow. Animals wise - it was okay, most of them looked lazy, not that spectacular or mind blowing. Typical zoo fare. But, the special exhibits seem to be where the semi-cool stuff is. Transportation here was very convenient though. We took the express MTA bus from midtown for $4. It was super convenient, comfortable, easy. Highly recommended. We took the subway back, which took a while since the 2 was running local the whooole way. The subway station is about 3-4 blocks east of the Bronx River zoo entrance. Overall, I'll be back, but not in a rush. I much prefer the botanical gardens for a more relaxing, better priced date/excursion. Really... $30 for a zoo.... And most people work on Wednesdays so the free thing is moot.
We're members because we go several times a year so I forget how expensive it can be--the zoo is in a lovely, park-like setting with lots of shady trees.  My kids never get tired of it! It's big--don't expect to see everything in one day.  There are plenty of places to eat as well as plenty of places to eat your own food from home.  EVen if the animals are not too exciting, you see everyone from every group that lives and has ever lived in NYC....Get there early or you will be parking in CT.
It's the zoo, OF COURSE it rocks.  A friend of mine gets discount passes through her job so about 6 of us went on a nice Sunday afternoon.  We had the VIP passes so we were able to see pretty much everything, take the tram across the park and not have to worry about paying extra.  The VIP tickets are definitely worth the extra $$$. You can get to the zoo pretty easily by car (they have a paid lot or you can park on the street) and subway. We saw lions, lion cubs, leopards, huge bugs, snakes, tapirs ... and the list could go on and on.  There was one disappointment, and it's name was Tiger Mountain.  We got to the place just as a viewing was scheduled.  The trainers told us right away that the tigers can be pretty mercurial and we shouldn't be surprised if they won't come near the viewing area.  The not really animal activist but guy who teared up a little while watching The Cove was glad the zoo doesn't try to force the tigers to do anything, but not even coming close to seeing one was kind of a bummer. Overall, it was a great day. I don't even know the last time I went to the Bronx Zoo as a kid. If it's been a while for you too, take the day and check it out.
Definitely better than the Brooklyn Zoo. Bronx zoo has a lot more animals, exhibits, is huge and if you check your receipt and take the survey that they advertise on it you get a code to go back for free. This comes in handy because the place is so big unless you come super early and stay until closing you might not get to everything. For this reason alone make sure everyone in your party buys a ticket separately because the code for your next visit being free is printed on each receipt. If one person buys two or three tickets then you are only entitled to one free return. (The free return earned a star right there) Now, as I mentioned before the place is huge! Lots of people take the small buses to get around but if you go on a warm day it's worth walking because the trans go pretty slow. Also, if you keep taking it the cost can add up. If anything just take it at the end of the day to get back to the entrance/your car or plot out your route accordingly with the map they give you. I didn't try the food because there didn't seem to be any healthy options - and even if there were I'd probably have to pay out of the nose for it - but my bf did try the food and it was your standard overpriced fare. I didn't love that you had to pay into the butterfly exhibit, and some other exhibits. It would be great if your ticket provided you entrance throughout the entire zoo, but a friend of ours went into a few of the additionally priced exhibits and told us it wasn't worth it so much.
I love the Bronx Zoo! There is always something new. Go see the LEGO Wild Forest Exhibit. My kids loved it. We always buy the membership which pays for itself in two visits. This year also gives for unlimited parking with the Family Premium, saving you $14 a visit. We vist 3-4 a year but have friends that go every week and it doesn't seem to get tired for them.
It's simply an amazing zoo.  It's not on the level of the San Diego, but it's still exceptional. My only beef is the extra charges for various exhibits.  I understand the upcharge for the camel ride, and the dinosaur safari--maybe even the 4-D theater but certain exhibits such as the butterfly garden and JungleWorld should be part of the entrance fee. It's a delightful experience for all--especially the children.  Just about everyone's favorite animal is represented here.  If only they had a top notch aquarium or aquatics section... The food is pretty much standard overpriced park fare.  If you have the wherewithal, pack a lunch.  Definitely bring a few bottles of water with you.  There is a tremendous amount of walking to be done here.
You're looking at a Bronx Zoo veteran, right here. I've been coming here for years! About once every three years, my father and I beckon our Bronx Zoo call to observe zee animals. We thoroughly enjoy ourselves, reflecting on which animals were active, how much fun the seals were having, and how we pang for a real-life whale tank. The reliability of the fun I have at the Bronx Zoo keeps reeling me back in, but I often wonder: when will that zoo undergo some much-needed renovations? The blurbs and briefings on the featured animals, for example, have seen better days. Remnants of the 1980s, perhaps, these recent artifacts show signs of aging. The fading of the font could use some sprucing up and improvement. Other zoos I have visited, such as the Columbus Zoo is Columbus, OH, engage visitors with interactive exhibits with touch displays and other pieces of technological, noteworthy of the 21st century. The outdoor displays with large animals, and popular exhibits like that of the penguins, are just old. The water is murky, but even the murkiness does not conceal the rust or years of bird poop that adorn the exhibits. The exhibits pull at my dad's heartstrings, yes, because as a child of the 1960s, he remembers these exact same exhibits. Not much has changed! Call me a curmudgeon, but that raises red flags. Let's move forward, board members of the Bronx Zoo, and update these exhibits! Nostalgia of old, mildly dilapidated exhibits be damned. Some of the indoor animals exhibits reek of offensive odors, not just because animals naturally smell, but because of lack of cleaning. The aquatic birdhouse smelled of stale urine that has not been cleaned out in the past decade. I would have liked to stay longer for the puffins, but then I would have passed out under the noxious odors. Even the reptile house smelled a bit funky. Maybe because the crocodiles have no issue defecating in their small pool of water. The Bronx Zoo has a lot to offer its visitors and hosts a surprisingly diverse array of animals and species. It could do better to educate, engage its audience, and update its facilities. A beacon of light in the Bronx, let's take good, quality care this gem.
Fun place to explore once every couple years. This zoo has the most extensive array of animals in the NYC area. I feel bad they are in a zoo, however they seem well taken care of. After that excursion, had lunch afterwards on nearby Arthur Ave.
My boyfriend and I spent the day here. Even for 2 people in our mid-twenties, it was a good time.
Great zoo! Beautiful gardens! Great for kids & adults. We love the Bronx Zoo. It's a lot of fun here. This zoo is pretty big & clean. You need a whole day to see everything here. We were there around 2pm, left the place at 5pm, when the park closed, & we didn't even see half of the zoo. Come at 10am, get the total experience package, & just enjoy your day here. There are a lot of animals here, anything from snow leopard, bison, ducks, flamingos, gorillas, & more! Be prepare to walk a lot. Wear something comfy. Wednesday is "pay what you wish" day so during the summer time, it can be pretty crowded. The food here is expensive but well, it's a zoo, it's expected so if you don't want to spend a lot on food, bring some from home. Parking is $15 all day. It's worth it if you're planning to stay the whole day. We'll definitely go back!
Don't go to this zoo on Wednesday's in the summer, it is free admission day and every daycare, summer camp, children's group will be there and you will be pushed out of the way , you will hear language you don't want to and you will wait in line for everything. The admission is free but it seems that every attraction is "special" and there is an additional fee for EVERYTHING.  You can buy a one price pays for all "special attractions" but if you are a newbie it is difficult to figure out if you will want to go on/in all the special attractions. I don't know if the zoo itself is always filthy with litter and trash overflow everywhere or if it was because it was freebie day but I found it so disgusting that the cute little turtles are swimming with cigarette butts, bags of chips, empty bottles and kids spitting into the water.  Based on the rave reviews of this zoo I am assuming it was the day that I was there and not the usual. Aside from that the zoo is huge, definitely need a map, and it is beautiful.  There are lots of exhibits and a lot of things to see.  The bug carousel is really cute and fun. I would have preferred to buy my tickets then to have to deal with the crowds but the Bronx Zoo is definitely a must see.
We went there with our little boy this past Sunday and had a great time. The zoo is not very big so pretty much everything can been seen within walking distance. The animals were relatively active, some looked a bit lethargic but at least they were not hiding from your cameras. We got the Total Experience tickets and they turned out for us to be total waste of money. You don't need the Total Experience package to see most animals, and we were turned away by the long lines in front of the 4D theater and Wild Asia Monorail. We only took the Zoo Shuttle to get back to where our car was parked, which you can buy the ticket for each ride or attraction that is otherwise included in the Total Experience package for an a la carte price of $5.
I wasn't sure what to expect when visiting just because I have never heard much about the Bronx Zoo and that it was so far away from where I was staying.  It was definitely worth the trip.  The exhibits had so many animals (a whole house for mice!) and I have never said 'wow, that's cool!' so many times!  I was lucky and a lot of the animals were active.  Their habitats are really nice and it is kept clean - I saw workers several times walking around and making sure the walkways were clean.  It wasn't even that crowded - really surprised me. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars:  while looking for one of the turtles, my friend and I realized it was dead in the water in the corner of the habitat - eek!  Things happen, though. I had a really great experience - try to find the polar bear when he's playing!  I got sucked in for about 25 minutes watching him/her swim.
The Bronx Zoo is the best zoo in New York City. It certainly is the biggest zoo to go to. For me, I just didn't see anything special about it. I have seen most of these animals at other zoos. Some of the animals were too far away to see, so I had to zoom in on my camera to get a good picture of it. I think the neat thing about the Bronx Zoo was the monorail ride. You get to see a lot of animals for about a 20 minute ride. The one ride that is over hyped is the Dinosaur Safari. It sounded cool, but it is really intended for young children. A lot of walking involved, but give yourself a break every now and then. I think the Bronx Zoo is a little over rated.
Normally, I go with my Kindergarten classes, but a few weekends ago my bf and I decided to go just for fun. It was a very nice experience. There were some places that are hard to maintain with cleanliness, but the walking roads are all very nicely paved. The eco-friendly bathroom was difficult to use...
The only way that this Zoo could possibly be worthwhile is if (i) it was free, including all attractions, (ii) it is not on a Wednesday during the Summer and (iii) you had never seen any other zoo in any city and had never seen the animals in their wild habitat. If all of those things are true, then maybe, this would be a worthwhile experience. If anything of those things are not, do not go here. Seriously avoid it, particularly on Wednesdays. I went on Wednesday during the Summer. That was a massive mistake. I paid for the parking as the line outside the Southern (?) entrance was massive. The other line was decent. I walk in and there are literally thousands of people at the Zoo. Thousands. Like think of Times Square crowded. However, your problems have just begun. In about 2 hours worth of time I saw 4 folks nearly get into physical fights, heard no shortage of curse words, and saw all sorts of craziness. And trust me, my tolerance for craziness is much higher than yours is. The animals, perhaps sensing today probably was not a good day, decided to stay in. That's an issue. So I am down $15 for parking, and the Zoo admission was free. (With some effort say I could have found something around the Zoo, but I wasn't 100 percent sure that it would be a great idea to park away from the Zoo and walk.) Of course, there's no way to go straight from Queens (where I happened to be) to the Boogie Down Bronx without paying a toll, so I am $22.50 in the whole, counting the toll. And remember, the park is free. Then everything that looks like it has the possibility of being interesting, aside from having a long line filled with craziness, costs $5 per person. I am with a group, that included now shell-shocked kids -- so that's more money. The food is similarly expensive. I may have even thought to pay for that but the zoo without those upgraded exhibits has very, very few animals that you have not already seen in any zoo in America. Peacocks are not an exotic animal. A pissed off polar bear -- angry because folks are literally screaming at him to wake up -- again not unique to the Bronx Zoo. So after $25 something, I have seen complete craziness from the patrons -- like violent cursing everywhere -- and no animals. And the only possibility of seeing any animals would require $5 per person and to stand in line for more foolishness. Nope. Cant do it. You should not either. Just wait until you go to another City and see their Zoo. I promise you, the animals will be the same and your experience will be much, much better. And you'll actually get to see some animals and appreciate your visit, rather than needing a drink. And any kids with you will not suffer from PTSD. Don't do it people. It's not the San Diego Zoo in NYC.
This has to be one of the top ten zoos in the United States and the in particular the gorilla exhibit is truly amazing.  The glass enclosures and the proximity to the animals gives one an experience that truly cannot be created outside the environment of a zoo unless you're a researcher.  The kids just flock to this place in general as there are all sorts of ranges of activities and exhibits to choose from.   If there is one thing I can suggest: come prepared to eat very low quality food (THINK FRIED) and drink horrid options (THINK SUGAR WATER).  When I go I fast or carry a bag of goodies to keep me through the experience! Oh, one more thing, the wild peacocks throughout the property are awesome - get up close and hear them nearly from every point in the zoo.
Huge zoo. You really have to take a whole day to try to see as much as you want. They have a lot of animals, and the Tiger section was awesome. For a reason, all felines (which are normally lied down and hiding at ALL zoos I've been at) were really active now, and most animals looked like they were actually posing for a picture. Madagascar exhibit is very cool. Bad things are the zoo looks super crowded on wendesdays, when it is free. Too many people yelling at the reptiles building, and no zoo staff to put order.
This is a great zoo. Just like every place in NYC it gets crowded on the weekends -especially during the summer when the weather is nice. If you can go during the weekday that is preferable to avoid the masses but you also will miss out on any shows that they only seem to offer on the weekends. In October they have Boo at the Zoo for the kids (dressed up in costume) to get some candy- not so great for kids with food allergies because this just spreads the allergens onto every surface around the zoo and increases the chances of an allergic reaction. The general idea is to host something special for the kids but the candy idea misses the mark as it becomes an exclusive treat for those with dietary restrictions (food allergies, diabetes etc.). We are members of the NYC zoos but this will be the last year for that because there just isn't enough benefit for visits during the week when we prefer to go. Being concerned about food allergies also makes me weary of the treats they give out on the weekends in October. This zoo is beautiful and well kept and offers a local escape from the general filth and crowds of NYC. The monorail only runs late spring to the end of October and is definitely my favorite part of the zoo because you get to see and learn about a lot in a short amount of time. It is good to know that while the zoo hours are open until 5pm they close pretty much everything down around 4pm so get there early. Wear comfy clothes, shoes as you'll be doing a lot of walking as this place is pretty big and it is easy to spend the whole day there as there is quite a lot to see and learn about.
This is a really super place to bring young kids. Every exhibit has info about the animals (it answers all of the questions that kids ask that you would not know). The zoo is very clean. Parking is easy. Staff is super friendly. We purchased the "ultimate experience" package which I think is good bang for the buck. Definitely a great and well maintained place!
Great zoo, but not a lot. Very big and the extra payment wasn't really worth it. Not anywhere to eat either. bring a lunch!
I came on a wednesday and only paid $1 as donation to enter. Wednesdays are days you can pay whatever you like for entrance as a donation The polar bear's fur was literately turning green and it kept walking back and forth to the door where they usually bring his food. Other than seeing a hungry and dirty polar bear, this is a great zoo with a lot of awesome animals.
I am a kid at heart so how can i say no to all these animals. the zoo  is huge so get there early. I wish the animals didn't sleep all day long. Stop hiding dam it.
One of my favorite outings with my children! Make a day of it, bring lunch, hang out! I have a family pass worth every penny, it includes parking and all the special attractions. Weds is donation day so it can get quite crowded. The staff is lovely, the habitats are kept clean and the animals seem truly valued.
This is really historic yet modernized zoo. Love the fact the zoo is offering so many educational features (even the bathroom...green bathroom!?) Everything is spread out, so be sure to take enough time to walk around the place. I was planning on just spend a few hours, but ended up whole day there, yet I didn't get to see the bird buidling. Compare to Central Park zoo or Queens zoo, Bronx zoo is by far the most comprehensive zoo in the city. With that said, you'd pay $14 for parking and $20 per person to get in, by the end of the day, a family would spend over $120 easily. I guess this is NYC.
The Zoo had several interesting-looking exhibits but we were hardly able to get near any of them or move through the park in general. We went on Wednesday, free day, and it was an absolute shit show. The enormous line to get into the park actually moved pretty quickly, but the sheer volume of people in the zoo made it an absolute disaster. It was a people zoo. Also, and this should be obvious, but the zoo is prodigiously commercialized and it's kind of disappointing to see more food and bullshit outlets and carts and ice cream and icees than exhibits. That said, we saw the red pandas and the snow leopard at the end and I was impressed. Though we could barely see them over all the people crowded there. Also when the tiger came close the crowd literally oo-ed and ah-ed. That shit was hilarious.
The only reason why i gave the zoo 4 stars instead of 5 is because at closing time, they send all the animals back indoors in order to get rid of the people in the zoo.  We were stuck on the monorail for an hour and therefore were not able to see the giraffe, lions, or bears.   #zootimingfail. If you are going to get the all inclusive pass, there is a current deal on the website that gives you 20% off if you buy your tickets online.  I think once you buy the tickets, they don't expire for a few months (maybe more).  Something to look into if you are planning to visit the zoo anything soon.   #couponingftw
This place has so many good reviews that it doesn't even need my review - but what the heck!  This zoo is so huge that I don't think it's humanly possible to do the entire zoo in one day. I guess you just have to prioritize on what you want to see the most. I'll start your prioritizing with my favorites: The most unique, not your everyday zoo things include: A great, indoor aviary with lots of exotic birds A Madagascar area with many interesting species of primates, etc. (From what I remember it had an odd smell in there - you get used to it in a few minutes). They have two other aviaries as well and they aren't as big (Dang they have a lot of birds there!) The Wild Asia Monorail is a MUST DO because not only is it relaxing to just sit and be in the shade, but you get to see a lot of animals you can't see otherwise - once when I rode the monorail there was a Red Panda in a tree right at the same level as the monorail - so cute! :) The Mouse House is great - they used to have a nocturnal building (which was one of the ultimate things there) but it closed due to budget cuts so they have some of the animals from the nocturnal exhibit in the Mouse House plus the cute little mice By the way - make sure to ALWAYS be on the lookout for freely roaming peacocks walking around - they come pretty close to you because they probably get fed by the guests (even though you're not supposed to
I went here about a few weeks ago with my family. **Prepare to drop cash!!!* Everything you wanna do requires you to pay to get into another exhibit after paying the admission fee, like "really"!?! But we had fun feeding the goats and seeing all the many different animals, it made you feel like you were outside of NYC, somewhere peaceful. Next time I'll make sure to go earlier in the day to see all of the animals and exhibits. P.S. The face-painting is really kool, you can pick your favorite animal to have your face painted as for about $10. My step-daughter was a tiger and she came out looking beautiful :).
Humming birds, chipmunks and black squirrels seen living wild in this vast park. Quite a stunning site to see packs of wild dogs and giant bears just up the two or five train. The primates are great to see and watch. Need to go back for more.
Been going here since I was a kid. Wednesdays are when all the school kids go since it's free, but all the cool exhibits are closed. My suggestion? Go on a paying day, and get there when it opens. You pay admission to get in but get to go in all the cool exhibits, like the reptile house, etc. I love the polar bears and sea lions the most. I also like the monorail, which I suggest you do first to get it over with since there will be a line. The animals all look a little depressed though, like the rhinos that are dehorned. You sometimes wonder who is the zoo really for: animal or people watching by the animals.
Who wouldn't want the Bronx zoo? It's a 10 minute ride without traffic from home. Since I'm a member of NY parks I got good deals. This place is huge, a place for Family and friends. I took my nephews & niece and my grand nephew.. They just love the place. It's always been crowded but that's ok for this is where you try going back to being a kid.. Reminiscing those days.. Kids running.. Fun fun fun. With lots of trees giving you shades from the heat it's a good stroll. Lots of animals and I just love coming here. The shops and snack area/ cafe around are ok.. Burgers and fries and a vegetarian salads. The parking is always crowded but still it's ok.. It's a park.. A zoo just anticipate on time. Happy moments.. Great shots I've taken.. Always have a happy experience coming here.. 5 stars.
I've been to a few zoos and this is, by far, my favorite. The gorilla exhibit is amazing - they have more gorillas than you can count (officially it's over 20) with quite a few youngsters, which is a must in any legit gorilla exhibit. They also have quite a few little monkeys, which are pretty entertaining. The atmosphere here is great too. Instead of just having animals in cages, they really try to make you feel like you're in the animals' habitats. It's not going to fool anyone, but it's not cheesy. It just adds to the overall experience. I also like the old (original?) animal houses, which add historical value. My only complaint is that the big cats weren't all that - the Philly Zoo beats them all when it comes to cats. I think I only saw one tiger. Oh, and there are too many kids running around, but I guess you assume the risk when you go to a zoo on a Saturday.
Want to see more primates in the zoo than usual? Then come on "Ghetto Day", also known as "Pay What You Wish Day", every Wednesday. That's when low income people from the projects bring all 20 of their kids to the zoo for free, and drag giant coolers all around the zoo with them so that they don't have to pay for  food. The zoo is more crowded than times square, and you will have to wait 1 hour to ride the monorail. The weirdest thing about this zoo is that you have to pay $5 extra to see some of their live animal exhibits. But on "Ghetto Day" there is no need to pay extra just to see Monkeys and Gorillas, since there are already plenty of primates roaming all over the zoo, and dragging their offspring around with them too, often crying and throwing tantrums. New for the summer of 2014 is the Dinosaur Safari ride, in which you will pay $5 to wait over an hour in line to see scientifically inaccurate depictions of dinosaurs, such as dilophosauruses spiting water (They didn't really do this), and T-rexes without feathers. Perhaps this zoo could be very enjoyable on a non-crowded day, but if you want to have a terrible time, come on Wednesday, when the Zoo animals will actually feel sorry for the humans, since the animals have more space in their enclosed exhibits than the humans do freely waling around.
A very very COOL zoo! You can spend all day there and have so much fun. The monorail was fun coz we actually got to see a tiger, some deer, and elephants pretty close! The standard adult ticket price is 15 bucks and whats surprising is that it wasnt mentioned anywhere at the entrance. I did my research online and thats the only reason i knew about the standard price. They WANT you to buy the 27 dollar ticjet that includes a carousel ride and other stuff mostly oriented for kids!!!! The bad part is that you have to pay 4 bucks per head for the monorail and 4 bucks for the gorilla forest which i have to say totally rocks. Its amazing to see the expressions and shenanigans of these HUGE gorillas! I could spend all day just observing their behaviour. IT was definitely the most popular section of the zoo! The food really sucks. For such a big zoo you would imagine that they would have a few exciting options. There sure are food courts all over the zoo but they all serve the same thing - chicken fingers, grill chicken sandwich which was cold and "unbiteable" and hot dogs! I would strongly sugest for people to get their own lunches!!! Also, you will notice peacocks EVERWHERE! They roam free, will come near you when you eat,  follow you....gorgeous huge crazy ass birds :) All in all , a fun day to spend out in this gorgeous weather!
When compared to the other zoos around, this one is the best by far! It is the largest and it is filled with wonderful sections throughout! From gorilla to tigers.. To lions to spiders.. There are so many great creatures in this world all in different shapes.. Sizes.. Colors.. And it's amazing how many of those we can see at this zoo! Love the place! I usually have a annual family membership with is an awesome deal.. Unlimited access and discounts throughout the park. Free parking. The passes are paid with 2 visits!
Pretty awesome Zoo.  Not quite a modern, but is still a pretty good place to get away and enjoy the animals.   Expensive, but if you buy the family pass you can go all year, plus all the other zoo's and aquarium in NYC. Well worth it. One favorite is to come during the Christmas light walks at the Zoo.
I am so disappointed in this zoo. I came back here after 18 years (the last time I went was when I was 4 years old), so obviously I've held some pretty high expectations before revisiting. Turns out that MUCH has changed since my last visit. So apparently, several of the exhibitions in the zoo require an additional admission of $5. However, if you pay the All-Inclusive price, then you don't have to pay the $5. I only got a general admission ticket, but it turned out that this admission was pretty useless as I only got to see a handful of animals. I decided to pay an extra $5 for the monorail in the park and it was so disappointing! Most of the ride contained the driver telling us about the animals. However, we only saw the animals in question very sparsely. It honestly felt like we were just taking a ride through the woods and coming across occasional animal sightings. It sucks that my previous view on the Bronx Zoo from when I was a toddler has been crushed by this now commercialized rip-off of a zoo, but hey, at the end of the day, this is a tourist location and an optimal opportunity to rip them off. I probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
I came here on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon on Father's day. Everything was wonderful. I would recommend getting here as early as possible, (they open at 10:A.M) so you can get to experience everything. There are many different exhibits and exotic animals. There is a birds' exhibit, a tram that takes you around the zoo, and a 4D theatre that I would highly recommend. There is a ton of walking around to do, so I would just wear something comfortable as there are hills and roads to climb up and down from. There are not many places to eat, and the places that are around do not look at all appetizing. I would bring a chips, some waters, and so on and so forth. This was a Sunday, it was a bit crowded, though nothing overwhelming. Parking was not a problem. I had been dying to come here for a fairly long time, and it was well worth the wait! I can't wait to go back as we did miss the monkeys exhibit.
As a non native, I approached this museum with zero nostalgia factor and I still had a pretty good time.  Key points to remember about this review: I went alone as a adult, I went on donation/free Wednesday but chose to pay 15 to access the special attractions and will review it as such.  Savings wise, Wednesday is a good deal even with the all-access for $15.  Just remember that with free general admission, it's $5 for every attraction, you have to line up for a ticket before you line up for the event and the booths only take cash.  It is however very crowded during the post lunch 1-3 period and be prepared to have children cry/shout in "quiet" exhibits and have ankles hit by zealous pram wielding moms.  Try to not pee if you don't have to - lines are horrendously long and I can't imagine the upkeep is frequent enough to keep it clean long.  Also wear walking shoes, especially on Wednesday when the shuttle is down. I loved the "house" exhibits and I wish they were less crowded with guests when I went. They are all well curated, you are rarely disappointed that you can't spot anything, offer a/c and include conservation activities and facts.  I would recommend hitting all the ones you can, especially the bird houses if you have the time.  Word of caution: the mouse house and the reptile house tend to induce screaming kids and the screaming is a bit of a domino effect.   Review of the special attractions: 1) Dino Safari - this is one of the main billing events right now and the wait is not terrible because the rides take groups of 40, I only waited 20-30 mins at around 12.  It's a short lark through a animatronic filled dinosaur trail complete with peppy tour guide and ends with a neat hands on activity area for kids where they can "excavate" their own dinosaurs. Neat, kids will like the animatronics and they will be fun and campy for adults - don't miss if you want to see some animatronics. 2) Butterfly gardens. I would pass on this, sure butterflies are pretty but this one is designed in a way where you don't really interact with the butterflies. I've been to parks where attendants give you feed and urge you to stand really still so they come and rest on you.  The exhibit is small and you will be discouraged by humanity as you watch adults and children ignore the warnings and try to harm butterflies 3) Jungle Congo. Monkey house was closed today, so this was my main opportunity to see them.  You will see a abundance along with some info on conservation and I would definitely suggest this if you have not been to places that showcase primates. 4) Asian monorail. This is kind of a neat novelty if only for the fact that this attraction is aimed more at adults.  Sure kids will have fun trying to spot the animals but the commentary is more in depth and it's just a nice, slower paced line. This place had a crazy long line though, so be prepared to wait.   5)4D movie.  This one was Ice Age themed and I cannot imagine it was too different from other "4D" experiences.  Not a big deal if missed due to huge waiting line. 6) Bug carousel - for kids with a relatively long line. 7) Asian Jungle.  This was a great indoor house - it was less crowded as a special attraction and the birds were vibrant and the monkeys playful.  Also has a slightly depressing panther inside in a small exhibit.   8) Shuttle.  This is closed on Wednesdays so if your party includes the disabled or young children who are relying on this to get around - beware the free wed. I spent $25 in total ($15 ticket,$10 snacks) for a pretty great day at a pretty great zoo.  I don't know if I would pay the full price to go regularly but for the price I paid - this was awesome.
They seem to have some issues with animals randomly escaping, but I really enjoy this place. Unfortunately the last time I was here, I got here just before they were closing because I got the time mixed up, so I only had less than an hour to see everything I wanted to. Even speed walking across the grounds, I got to see a beautiful peacock and some awesome giraffes. The best part about getting there late was the guard at the butterfly exhibit (that I specifically came to the zoo for) didn't charge me the extra fee to enter. The butterfly fortress is like a little greenhouse eden with lush plants growing, some koi ponds and some of the most beautiful butterflies I've ever seen. There's something really charming and enchanting about that place, and I wish I had more time to spend. I'd really love to go back and spend a whole day there.
With a wonderful selection of animals from across the globe, beautiful grounds and impressive architecture, the BZ really is a wonderful place to spend a nice spring day.... That being said, there's a way to do this zoo right, so take heed... -Go on a weekday (less of a crowd) -Do NOT go after 2pm (the animals siesta around 3) -Try to find street parking -Wear comfy shoes -Bring a bottle of water and a snack -Eat a flamingo Notes: -$30 tickets (with 10% online discount) -$15 for parking -An extra $5pp for the Congo exhibit (boo) -Do not eat a flamingo
This is a fun zoo that anyone in the city should really visit sometime, even if it means going all the way into the Bronx.  There's all the standard animals like giraffes, tigers, lions, bears and gorillas that you'll find at a mid- to big-sized zoo.  But there's a lot of neat quirks to it that I haven't seen at other zoos.  For instance: the Mouse House, which is like a reptile or insect house except with small rodents.  There's also a huge number of peacocks running around, who scream out to each other across the park and unfurl their feathers to impress the ladies.  They're also apparently undergoing a process of upgrading a lot of the exhibits, so there's a lot of new interactive computery stuff which you don't often see in a zoo. There's a couple of downsides to it, though.  The main one is how damn crowded it is.  My girlfriend said she felt like she was at Busch Gardens, there were so many people on the paths.  The more interesting exhibit, the Gorilla Forest area, is also an additional charge from a general admission, which is a bummer.  (Although there is a viewing area where you can see one gorilla in a habitat through glass.  This has its own drawbacks, though; when I was there people started tapping on the glass and apparently someone started staring down the gorilla because it ran up and started pounding on the glass!  Didn't break through, though...) Definitely made me want to visit the other zoos in the city, though, which I haven't gotten a chance to see yet.
Easily my favorite place on earth! Love coming here for a relaxing day of being a big kid. The exhibits are breath taking and I constantly find my self saying how in the world did someone come up with these amazing works of art. The only thing that bothers me are these children on school trips. Couldn't really enjoy a few of the exhibits because of screaming children not making room or sharing the view. PLEASE make a day where school trips are not aloud. Park opens 10 Am and closes at 5 pm Monday thru Friday and weekends they close at 5:30 pm. The monorail is awesome you get to see Happy the elephant who is just so cute, rhinos, many variety's of  deer, horses and Asian cattle. The ride is well worth the wait , it is not a 2 second ride its about 10 mins. The line also moves very quickly so don't let that intimidate you or make you miss out on a great experience like this. When your done with the monorail definitively go check out the jungle world next door! Food at the Bronx Zoo is expensive but if you are a member you get 10% off. I believe it was $13.00 for 3 chicken fingers fries and a drink. Must say tho they were dam good. All around the park they have dip n dots ice cream carts along with popcorn stands and pretzels. Peacocks walk around everywhere and are beautiful. (parents should really control their children from bad behavior.. Found myself disciplining many for chasing or throwing bottles at the beautiful birds as their parents watched with not a concern) I find it really amazing to have such a beautiful escape in the middle of the concrete jungle we call NYC.
We have a family membership and come here 3-4 times a year.  Well worth it!  The place is huge and there is a lot to see and do.  Being able to come back lets us take things in slowly and not worry about missing things.  They have a lot of events, which can be crowded, but if you head to the quieter areas of the zoo, you can spend a lot of time with the volunteers there learning about the various exhibits and the animals.   Pack a lunch if you can, the food prices are really, really high.
This is a great zoo. Simple as that. I've been here many times and always enjoy the gorilla area the most. They're so fun to look at and almost always come close to the glass. The zoo is huge - you can easily make an entire day outta it. The butterfly garden is cooler than I thought it would be. They have a section to view the cocoons and emerging butterflies. The monkey house is great, but it was closed this time around :( The food is so freakin' awful though. I know i should expect bad food from this type of place, but like why?? I really wish places like this had some more quality options - I just don't get it. With that being said...do yourself a favor and pack a lunch!
Make sure you get here early because there is a lot of ground to cover. We didnt get there til 1:00 and were unable to see everything by the time they closed at 5. We got to the tiger enclosure at 4:45 and there was not a tiger to be found (not even hiding or sleeping). It seems that they had already been taken out for some reason. If the zoo is open til 5 they should keep the exhibits open until then. My 3 year old, who asked to see tigers all day, did not get to see them. :( We also didn't get to many of the other animals due to the time. I really like this zoo- its beautiful and clean with lots to see, but it is an all day affair. Now I will know for next time. BTW if you have the optimum rewards card (Cablevision customers) you can get a 20% discount if you buy your tix online.
We always have a blast when we come here. It's definitely the biggest zoo in NYC.  My only complain is that parking should be free or at least much cheaper than what it currently is.  Overall, I highly recommend it.
I recommend taking the Q44 there. Spent $12 on tolls, $13 for parking, $15 per person on admission, got lost-twice. Beautiful zoo, lots to do, and see. Most of the animals were indoors due to the weather but some were still visible.  Be sure to wear comfy sneakers, and bring some snacks and drinks (they don't check) and maybe a compass. The food court is rather lacking in variety and pricey to boot. The monorail was not working that day so I was dissapointed.
First time I'm the Bronx zoo in about 5 years . For the price of a full experience ticket (34 dollars ) I'd say it's worth it . There are tons of attractions and events that go on (better to research also) and there's tons of animals to see . With the full experience you get full access to all places and trust me there is a lot to see . You definitely need to spend a whole day there because you need to time to go around the entire zoo . The staff is really nice for the most part, some staff seemed unenthusiastic (especially on the 4-D ice age experience ) but overall everything was good. Make sure to bring money because you will spend money on food and camel rides if you really want to.
This is a section of the Zoo which is filled with creatures that live in warmer climes - from the Congo Gorilla to birds and more. No strollers in the exhibit, though.
I love animals and I have fixed feelings about zoos, but I will write this speaking from the side that likes zoos. The giraffe is my favorite animal and I'm so happy I got to see a baby giraffe! It was super cute and ran playfully around the enclosure. I also saw an ostrich perform a mating dance, and all of the peacocks had their feathers on display. It must be that time of year... For a Saturday after Memorial Day weekend, it wasn't that busy, which was nice. I was really disappointed in the ticketing. Basically, you can see X animals if you pay for general admission, but you can see X, X & X if you pay double the price! You mean I can't see an elephant unless I pay double??? What the heck?? I understand the concept of paying more to go on a ride at the zoo, or visit a special attraction perhaps, but just to see some of the animals? Bribery!
I took my daughter to the Bronx Zoo for her birthday and we had a really good time. We purchased the general admission tickets because she is too young for the total experience exhibits. The signs sometimes are a bit confusing we kept ending up in other exhibits lol. I like that there are dipping dots stations everywhere and they have a couple cafes and food trucks here and there. I was a little disappointed that the children's zoo was closed due to renovations because my daughter is only 2. So that would have probably been more age appropriate. But we enjoyed the sea lions and all of the other cool exhibits.
Ventured for the first time in years (3 adults / no children) we enjoyed the many new features as well as the old favorites. Lines for the most part weren't long with the Monorail - at approximately 30 min. - being the exception. Wait time is within a shaded area and well worth it as the ride is long and the animals many. Though not Jurassic Park - the "Dinosaur Safari" exhibit is fun although some little ones were a bit frightened (Watch out for the mechanical T-Rex). The park in general is kept well and very clean. The walking trails perfect on a sunny day. We also found employees to be polite. All inclusive adult ticket is $34 ($23 kids) - and with the $15 parking - this does turn into an expensive afternoon. However on this beautiful New York Sunday this Bronx Zoo visit was a very rewarding experience.
Been to zoo so many time, I've never got the chances to visit the Asia area. We decided to make a different route to visit this area in the Bronx Zoo this past weekend. It turned out to be a quite different experience. We took the monorail and visit those animals in more natural habitats. Those Mongolian wild horses look exactly the same as the one in those countless Chinese painting. Elephants are more active. Rhinos are playing with mud happily. Even this red panda looks more relaxed than the one in the other area of the same zoo. Kids were excited about the experience. Different from the previous one we've done, we are the ones who need to be confined in the cart instead. We need to open our eyes to search and to feel those animals in the nature. I have a dream to bring kids to a real safari one day. I hope I can see more animals have better life quality (including human) in the natural habitats ..
Solid zoo, great exhibits. Wish you didn't have to pay extra to see the Gorillas cause that's the best part. Don't go on Wednesdays. Although it is free, every school/camp in the tri-state area goes then. Lots to do and great for families. Would give it a 5 if it wasn't so crowded. Also, pack a bag with snacks and drinks before you go since the concessions are overpriced.
Brings back so many memories! I loved this place as a kid and still love it. Great place for the whole family especially if you have younger brothers, sisters, and cousins. A clean and well-kept zoo.
I love the Bronx Zoo.  Heck, I just love zoos. I have since I was a kid.   I love animals, so what better place than a zoo? The zoo is great.  It's a major zoo, so you will see a variety of animals in large enclosures designed to simulate their nature environment.  The Bergen County Zoo (yes, there is one), has a few animals in cages.  This is about as close as you are going to get to seeing giraffes, zebras, gorillas, and elephants in their natural environment unless you are going on an African Safari (and yes, that's a dream of mine too!).   My biggest complaint with the zoo is that, overall, it's not the best value, and, as a result, it's not readily accessible to everyone.  I grew up in St. Louis where we have a world class zoo and access to cultural activities is considered a right and zoos and museums are funded by tax dollars.  Kids shouldn't have to come from upper-middle class families to get to enjoy the zoo. That said, the membership is an INCREDIBLE deal.  I am a member and I find this helps offset the cost.  For $139, a family  can purchase the family membership which allows them access to all attractions for a full year.  Buy this mid-summer and you can arrange two annual outings, with unlimited access to all attractions, for a substantially reduced price.  Ticket prices are normally approximately $34 for adults and $24 for children.  With $15 to park, a family of 4 is looking at $131 for admission and parking.  They save money with a membership on the first trip. Here's a TIP:  buy your membership online BEFORE heading off to the zoo.  You can display your temporary membership card on your smart phone and you won't have to pay to park.   I love the zoo.  It's a great place to learn about, and photograph, animals.  Enjoy!
Although it was spring and not all vegetation was at full blossom , this was a great day out in one of the nicest ZOO's around. Worthwhile to visit both the tiger and gorilla mountain which was absolutely a great scenery of natural habitat and its real wild actors. We ended up the tour ( between 2-3 hours) with the reptiles which is not for snake haters :-) but very impressive. We made our way back to Time Square  with the No. 2 Train which is just 3 block away from Asia parking/Bronx  and a nice local experience  to end the day.
Having vague memories of how much I enjoyed the Bronx Zoo as a youngster I decided to make the trek out from Jersey on a beautiful summer day and boy was I not disappointed. Got the total experience tickets which is the only way to do it as it gives you access to all exhibits including the must see Jungleworld, Gorillas, and Asian monorail exhibits.  Being a summer Wednesday and donation day the park was super crowded but we were able to see everything in the zoo with a half hour to spare until closing time.  Twenty five years later and just as great an experience.
Went with a few friends for an enjoyable afternoon at the zoo. I enjoyed seeing the animals, especially the polar bear, which was a great treat. My only gripe would be that there were so many things you had to pay extra for, such as the gorilla exhibit, and the Madagascar exhibit was closed. Adult tickets are $16.95 just to see the park (general admission) or $33.95 for the "total experience" tickets which includes all the exhibits, rides, shows, etc. It was also a bit confusing to get there and back just using the subways and buses. Also, make sure you check the hours before you go- we didn't, and got there like an hour and a half before closing, so we felt a bit rushed. Overall, 3 stars for the animals, and minus 2 stars for the extra costs and difficulty getting there.
Nice big zoo . Safari ride is awesome. The monkey always my favorite.The train ride was bad at all best way to get there.
I used to come here all the time when I lived here. It's probably the best zoo I've been too. Lots of exhibits, and lots of walking.
Great place to visit on a nice day. I would avoid weekends because that's when parents bring their loud and annoying kids who scream at animals... come early when there are less people. And if your a tourist try coming on a weekday. On wednesday they have reduced admission which is nice. I would suggest getting the full experience but if you only want to do one thing, then don't get it. Each special exhibit is $5. The only ones worth it is the congo, butterfly, the shuttle and the bug carousel.  The asian monorail isn't worth it because it goes by the animals so fast you don't really get a chance to experience them. Plus you can see all those animals with the general zoo admission. The dinosaurs ride is a total waste of time. If your grown this is not a ride for you unless you already paid for the full experience. Its literally 5 minutes of looking at robotic dinosaurs with kids screaming on the wagon. The food here is pricey so bring your own food I'd possible. A hotdog, chips and soda will run you 10 $+ Overall this is a great place to see while visiting new york. You can also look at the botanical garden right next to it.
This place is great!!! My kids loved it and so did I. The animals are well taken care of and the zoo is well laid out. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable. I'd give it 5 stars but it was raining slightly when we went and some of the animals were put away. I didn't expect that to be zebras and rhinoceros. Go, you'll love it.
I was SUPER DISAPPOINTED!! We got there around 1pm on a Monday and EVERYTHING was shut down! None of the snack carts were open and none of the places to buy anything were open either. That's part of the whole zoo experience too and we didn't have many options to use any of their facilities, which was a huge bummer. It's a pretty big zoo, but when you don't have anywhere to buy a drink, it can be exhausting. A lot of the exhibits were also under renovation/construction/etc. they also put all the animals away @ 4:30. I thought the animals you could see we're pretty cool, but you also can only see some of the animals unless you buy the super expensive 'all access pass' and if you don't EACH of the exhibits that are for the all access pass members will cost $5 PER PERSON, PER EXHIBIT. We ended up buying the all access pass and it was about $106 for 3 adults and everything was closed down. We also got the souvenir cups ($9 EACH) because they have free refills, well, so much for that because none of other food stands we're open so we couldn't get another refill. Unless you're going here on a weekend as soon as this place opens, DO NOT GO!! It won't be worth it. You'll be walking around the park with no options for food or water. It gets old pretty quick, especially when you're chasing a toddler around.
I am so glad it is just a a stone throw away right in our backyard..No summer passes by without visiting Bronx zoo. I love this zoo, and just strolling peacefully on a sunny day and seeing all the animals and the nature all around it..its so therapeutic for your body. I can not think about anything that I do not like. Only thing is there could be more choices for food items while you are there.
Huge zoo with plenty to see and do. The place is kept very clean.
I love, love, love the Bronx Zoo. I do not love, one bit, their pricing plans. In reality, if you do not get the "super" pass ($29.95 for adults) you will miss out on some key attractions - butterfly exhibit, the congo where you will see various gorillas, etc. So either make sure you get an annual pass ($119 for two adults with admission to five parks, free parking, unlimited visits, other perks) or the regular all-access pass. There are certain things you do NOT want to miss! Enjoy you visit and I hope you have some of the great memories that I have had since I was a child!
May be its not the right time or may be I've seen better zoo. SF Zoo is my point of reference. There are not many animals and most are in average health condition.  Its a big zoo no doubt about it. But nothing really that give you any excitement. Its definitely not worth the $34 they charge and further charges inside are quite hideous.  I would recommend to hit the NY Botanical Garden (right next to it) if you lose your interest.
If I could put no stars I would. I had high expectations for this zoo, because of its fame and the fact that it is in Nyc. Boy, was I disappointed! I went with my hubby, sister and her friend who came to visit from France. The friend said it is the worst zoo she's ever been to.  My husband complained the whole time, wondering where the animals were, since most of them were hiding behind rocks, sleeping or just not there. Bushes were everywhere, blocking views.  The rails were in bad shape and shaky, leaning against them would risk you falling to the ground.  We would walk, and walk, and walk, trying to see anything exciting, but the only thing we saw were crying kids (probably since most animals were hiding) and crowds. This place is more of a park than a zoo! What really frustrated me was the overpriced parking and food, and that animals were a far distance off, and hiding. Even if it were free, we definetely won't return there, it is not worth it!
May be its not the right time or may be I've seen better zoo. SF Zoo is my point of reference. There are not many animals and most are in average health condition.  Its a big zoo no doubt about it. But nothing really that give you any excitement. Its definitely not worth the $34 they charge and further charges inside are quite hideous.  I would recommend to hit the NY Botanical Garden (right next to it) if you lose your interest.
They have extremely rare RAFFLESIA flowers, maybe the only specimens in the states. They're kept behind glass, unlabeled and unadvertised. Employees aren't told what these are, or that they're in the zoo at all. Visitors also aren't allowed to smell the famous "corpse" smell that the flowers give off. Really weird considering these are the rarest exhibit in the zoo. Overall a good zoo, they have a pig-snouted turtle, and a polar bear. I recommend going on Christmas, when its completely deserted except for employees and 2 other customers. The only zoo where you can urinate into the exhibits (only attempt on Christmas).
This might be the second time I ever been to the Bronx zoo... It's great that I  finally got a chance to visit this zoo again.... One of the best zoo in New York City... So many animals,shows,and there's even a tram that takes you to cretin area throughout the zoo...tickets are thirty five bucks....expect for wensday... Wensdayy tickets are free... They have alot of attractions inside the zoo besides just looking at animals in cages... Four D show of ice age...about fifteen minutes..the dinorsors safari ride...about twenty minutes...it's like a twenty minute tour about dinorsors..cool dinorsors  machines...at the end of the tour...you get to play with the dinorsors machine... Pretty cool... There's the butterfly garden...not as impressive as it sounds ...but still Something to do ....Kinda hot inside... I didn't get to see any other rare exhibits...it's pretty big zoo.. Get here at ten am ...this place closes at four thirty ...the site and the ticket booth says it closes at five but really it closes at four something.. theres a good amount of animals in this zoo... -Zoo Center Indian Rhinoceros Malayan Tapir Babirusa -African Plains Marabou Stork Nyala Common Crane Indian Peafowl Lion Slender-horned Gazelle Blesbok (Formally) Thomson's Gazelle Arabian Oryx (Formally) Baringo Giraffe Grevy's Zebra Ostrich Spotted Hyena African Wild Dogs Blue Winged Goose -Baboon Reserve Gelada Baboon Nubian Ibex Rock Hyrax -Carter Giraffe House Dwarf Mongoose Baringo Giraffe Aardvark Maxwell's Duiker White-faced Scops Owl -Wild Asia Monorail Indian Peafowl Barasinga Deer Mongolian Wild Horse Brow-antlered Deer Axis Deer Gaur Malayan Tiger Asian Elephant Indian Rhinoceros Sambar Deer Babirusa Nilgai Tufted Deer Indian Muntjac Formosan Sika Deer Himalayan Tahr Red Panda -Himalayan Highlands Tragopan White-naped Crane Black-necked Crane Snow Leopard Red Panda -Congo Gorilla Forest Black & White Colobus Okapi Debrazza's Monkey Mandrill Red River Hog Wolf's Guenon Western Lowland Gorilla -Children's Zoo Black-tailed Prairie Dog Monk Parakeet North American River Otter Snake Degus Salamander Bennett's Wallaby Ruffed Lemur Black Swan Mallard Mandarin Duck Ruffed Lemur American Alligator Striped Skunk North American Porcupine Fennec Fox Gopher Snake African Pygmy Goat Sheep Horse Donkey Cow Chicken Turkey Pig (I believe Vietnamese Potbellied Pig) -Madagascar Blue-eyed Black Lemur/Coquruel's Sifaka (They switch it up) Madagascar Tree Boa Nile Crocodile Tenrec Day Gecko Tomato Frog Lesser Mouse Lemur Leaf-tailed Gecko Ring-tailed Lemur Collared Lemur Radiated Tortoise Red Fody Madagascar-hissing Cockroach Ring-tailed Mongoose Spider Tortoise Spiny Iguana Four-lined Plated Lizard Red-ruffed Lemur Fossa Marakely -Bison Range American Bison -Deer Pere David's Deer Mallard Egret Canada Goose -Mitsubishi Riverwalk Egret Mallard Canada Goose -Tiger Mountain Siberian Tiger -Aquatic Birds American Flamingo Purple Swamphen Boat-billed Heron Buff-necked Ibis Roseate Spoonbill Freckled Duck Scarlet Ibis Bahama Pintail Egyptian Plover Red-legged Honeycreeper Amthyst Starling African Pygmy Goose Forster's Tern Common Tern Spotted Sandpaper Black Oystercatcher Tufted Puffin Cattle Egret Boat-billed Heron (It's in the house twice) Pied Avocet Grosbeak Starling Rosybill Snowy Egret Tawny Frogmouth Laughing Kookaburra Blue-breasted Kingfisher Glossy Ibis Storm's Stork Crested Ibis Superglossy Starling Little Blue Heron Red-crested Cardinal Lesser Adjutant Stork -Sea Bird Aviary Inca Tern Guanay Cormorant Magellanic Penguin Black Oystercatcher Laughing Gull -JungleWorld Passionvine Butterfly Asian Small-clawed Otter Tree Kangaroo Mono Mudskipper Ebony Langur Large Malay Mouse Deer Silvered Leaf Monkey Malayan Tapir Banyan Green Peafowl Green Junglefowl Black Leopard Common Tree Shrew White-cheeked Gibbon Spiny-Leaf Insect -Camel Rides Dromedary Camel Bactrian Camel -Upper Ponds Black-necked Crane Ruddy Duck Hooded Merganser Lesser Scaup Wood Duck Common Goldeneye Trumpeter Swan Mallard Red-eared Slider -Big Bears Grizzly Bear Polar Bear -World of Reptiles Radiated Tortoise Python Anaconda Blood Python Cuban Crocodile False Gharial Dwarf Caiman American Alligator (Babies) Frilled Dragon Gila Monster Chuckwallo Lace Monitor -Pond by Dancing Crane Cafe Chilean Flamingo Mallard Canada Goose -World Of Birds Great Argus Red Bird of Paradise Crested Tinamou Indian Pygmy Goose Helmeted Curasso Toco Toucan White-naped Crane Emu Go check all these animals out...sadly I didn't have enough time...  Going to take another trip back to the Bronx zoo! Gotta to finish what I started!
Truly one of the most magical experiences me and my boyfriend had! paying just $27 for the total experience, was absolutely worth it ! Not only did were we able to see the animals up close, we also got to experience the 4d adventure along with the monograil and other fascinating stuff!   However, I do warn you guys to not to dine outside during the summer times because unless you want a bee's company, stick to the indoors! The employees working there didn't carry the best attitudes and were actually very rude, but that didn't seem to bother us at all ! I do advise you guys to get there by 11am if you want to experience everything because last time we got there at 12 and missed the children's zoo.Anyways, this is hands down the best zoo in NYC
The Bronx Zoo is the place to be! Having not been impressed with the Central Park zoo, and having not been to any others in the tri-state area, I can say that this is the best zoo around. It's easy to spend all day here. With plenty to see, and plenty of things to do, places to relax, eat etc. it has everything one would need to invest a big chunk of time. It's very spread out, which means lots of walking. The paths and locations of the animals are clearly marked, but it's still very easy to miss something, even if you're looking for it specifically. The older buildings are beautiful, a sort of neo-classical stone and copper type architecture. And the structures built to house the animals are very impressive. The birds are spectacular, with condors, huge vultures, golden eagles, and all sorts of owls, there's plenty of birds of prey. Furthermore the huge aviary to house the other birds is impressive, giving them plenty of air in which to fly around. The reptile house is my favorite, with all sorts of strange and exotic snakes, turtles, and lizards. They have an Egyptian cobra, rattlesnakes, a beautiful emerald boa, and on and on. A huge prehistoric-looking snapping turtle is definitely worth a look, I've never seen anything so bizarre. The sea lion den is very fun to watch, the nocturnal creatures cave is SUPER creepy, and there's exhibit after exhibit to wander around in. The safari and the mountain gorilla habitats are spectacular. The best part of all of this is that admission is free on Wednesdays! It is absolutely worth a trip to the Bronx and there's plenty to do here. Although it's easy to spend the whole day in the zoo, I would recommend popping over to the New York Botanical right next door. It's such a rare treat to see such beautiful and exotic flora and fauna in the city.
What a great experience.  First let me say that they have an amazing military discount for active duty!  The service member is free and everyone else in the party is 50% off.  Fabulous!  We had to wait a while in a traffic line to get in, but once we were past the parking payment booths ($15) parking was quick and we were fairly close to the entrance.   The day was beautiful and despite there clearly being a run on the zoo based on traffic we never felt crowded since it is so large people can spread out well.  The congo was wonderful, gorilla and giraffe exhibits were great.  I am absolutely thrilled with the greenery here!  What a well planned and lush zoo. We did bring our own food and drinks, probably saving a bunch!  There are some tables around the eating establishments but we just grabbed a bench by the giraffes and had a nice lunch.  The bathrooms were spic-n-span!  That was a big plus. The Children's zoo is closed until the spring/summer of 2014.  That was a disappointment, but I understand progress. The huge minus I have to write about this zoo is that the signs are absolutely horrible!  They are small and contain about 50 different things, so you follow the sign toward what you want to see and you just wander.  There is never really another sign showing you where it is until you are long past the attraction.  The maps they had out are equally as useless.  Thankfully when you end up passing something you don't have too far to go to get back to it, but this is a big place with lots of foliage so I definitely think a signage upgrade would be appropriate.
I was at the Bronx zoo with my girlfriend this past weekend and I had an amazing time.  There were restrooms well placed around the gigantic zoo and there was an abundance of unique animals that I have never seen in the past (komoto dragons, lions, tigers, bears, and elephants!).  My favorite animals however were the gorillas. There was a baby gorilla that was around 3 months old and we saw it's mom throw the gorilla on its shoulder to carry it around because the baby couldn't walk, it was adorable!
I was so excited to visit the zoo finally, but it was such a let down. Some of the staff is unapproachable, they started shutting down the park an hour or so before closing therefore we missed the most important exhibits.  Also, so many exhibits were closed.  Definitely not worth the money and not to mention the food; $20 for a slopped together cheeseburger, soggy fries, and refillable drink?!  Good luck finding an open spot to get that drink refilled as well.  I rather eat McDonald's.  Yuck! The only thing I found entertaining were the gorillas,  giraffes, the monkeys, and the sea lion feeding.   Needless to say,  I won't return.
I love this place. It's huge and the animals all seem well taken care of. The concessions are obscenely overpriced, but the employees are polite and the total experience is worth it. Weds are free except TE so do that. :-)
I do not approve of keeping animals in captivity.  Zero star. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~       Steve M.     Maria M.  Mark W.  Caroline A.    Sean T.    Victoria H.  Rocky P.             O               /O\             O               /O\                O                 /O\              O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~                                                                                              O   Steven V.                                                                                 Ahu S.  /O\            /|_|\                                                                                                                /|_|\        _/ _\_     /O\  Jessica B.                                                  Javier M. O     __/ _\_                     |  /|_|\                                                                                      /|_|\   |                   |_/_ \__   O  Srini V.                            Megan C.  /O\     __/_\__|                               |  /|_|\                                                           /|_|\     |                               |_/_\  _   /O\  Lisa C.     Joolie T. /O\     _ /_\ __|                                           | /|_|\      Sam   Russ        /|_|\    |                                           |_/_\__    O          O     ___ /_\__|                                                       |  /|_|\      /|_|\   |                                                       |_/_ \___/ _\_ | ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~           /O\                 /O\                 O             /O\              /O\             O                 O         Bo W.       Michelle G.      Atif I.      Audrey J.   Julie K.    Ryan C.   Roderick A. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~ However, if the patrons and inmates would chat, their conversation might proceed along these lines ... Srini V.: I want to get out of here!  Can't wait to go do some silly art. Lisa C.: I have lotsa friends, some in high places.  They will get us out. Javier M.: Audaces fortuna iuvat.  Audiatur et altera pars! Audrey J.: Ich liebe Katzen.  Und Jean-Georges. Maria M.: That roughly translates to: "Guatemala has the best cats". Bo W.: I like shoes.  And blue cheese--reminds me of my home town. Atif I.: Zoos are inhuman, seen every which way.  Desserts are nice. Victoria H.: Only if I can have the desserts with that special someone. Steven V.: Will you release me so I can partake of dessert with you? Ahu S.: Can I move to the Oakland Zoo?  Close to Berkeley ... Caroline A.: I want to be with Ahu S., for sure!  She is a fun girl! Sean T.: And what am I?  Chopped liver?  Let's just go to Valentino. Ryan C.: Can anyone be more fun than Haley P.? Julie K.: I think Michelle G. is pretty cool.  But right now, I want Soju!! Michelle G.: Aww, Julie K.!  But I prefer Delirium Tremens.  Or Duvel. Jessica B.: Ahu S., I am from Cali too.  But I want to be in the UES. Megan C.: You got that right!  I love my yoga studio in the UES! Joolie T.: Puahahaha!  There is no neighborhood like Union Square! Steve M.: I've been in over 20 countries in five continents--this stinks! Roderick A.: Where is Fiona when we need her the most? Rocky P.: Right now, I want to ixnay Mark W. and save the women! Mark W.: But I can get them all out, if only they took a chance on me. Sam / Russ: We will make you Elite if you do!  Bring a '+1' to Kyotofu! Non-featured Yelpers: Javier M. is going to go *poof* soon.  Just watch!
I've been to the Bronx zoo several times when I was younger but yesterday was the first time I've been back in years. I find exotic species amazing and they do have a lot of beautiful animals but the place has not changed much and if anything has downgraded quite a bit. The selection of animals is smaller and some of the enclosures are so tiny for the animals (especially the black panther, polar bear, and giraffe enclosures to name a few) and the zoo was pretty dirty not to mention majority of the employees were rude and seemed miserable. The ticket pricing was also strange. With that being said, I still enjoyed my time at the zoo. The food lines were outrageous, some people standing in line 45 minutes for ice cream...the monorail line was about the same wait if not, longer. Yes, I did go on a busy day but still..that's just insane. In all, I would go again because it's a great way to spend a beautiful day outside but they could really upgrade and get larger enclosures for some of the animals I mean really...with the money they make between admission, food, parking, and being open 365 days a year..they could afford to improve. And maybe hire a few more employees to clean up the place.
Big, beautiful, glorious. Monkey's with human faces and little mustaches. The World of Darkness is only slightly less metal than it sounds. The food is horrible. That thing you ride over the park is an excellent place to engage in illicit behaviors and/or feel your little heart flutter. Butterflies. I put my gloved hand up to the monkey cage, and a monkey put his hand on mine on the other side of the glass. It made sense. When was the last time you saw an elephant? I was here three years ago on the coldest day of the year. It was also my birthday. Ukrainian Christmas. The wind blew right through you. People put too much emphasis on comfort, as if comfort was equatable with happiness. It wasn't.
Who doesn't love the bronx zoo??? This zoo is really wonderfully set up, and large enough to spend the entire day (unless your feet start to hurt like mine did!) We had a great time walking around all the habitats, especially the rhinos, where you can walk around and really see them for all different angles. The other highlight was definitely the sea lion show, it gets crowded, but not so much that you can't see if you're standing in the back. We were sad to learn that the second polar bear had died a few weeks before we showed up (yeah, this review is a bit out-dated, sorry) but were able to ask one of the keepers a number of questions, and she seemed happy enough to answer them. Since it was a hot day, we also enjoyed going inside the monkey house and the reptile house, both of which were not too crowded, even for a summer Saturday. This is definitely a must see for all children that live in the tri-state area, and worth a trip for people visiting the area (provided you don't have a large zoo near you, and that you don't mind being on your feet for 8 hours).
The Bronx zoo so many animals to see and lots of walking to do but all worth it when getting there grab the map and keep track of your walking adventure you don't want to miss out on nothing !!!
Been there a couple of months ago and my experience was fantastic.   They have a lot of stuff/activities if you decide to bring your kids in. But since I don't have a kid, my whole experience was something that I enjoyed and as soon as the warm weather comes back in, I'll definitely be interested in going back again. I'm not a big outdoorsman but I do appreciate nature and animals and everything else they offer. Definitely a great place to see at least once.
This place is SO big and cool. Easily accessible from the MTA. We went during the Bank of America free first weekends and it was cold, but worth it. Random peacocks, polar bears, and tigers! Make time to spend a whole day here because there's so much to see!
What a sad day. I do not believe that you should have to pay extra to enjoy the wonderment of captive animals. You spend money to get yourself here, spend money on parking, spend money on admission, and they have to pay more money if you care to catch a glimpse of a butterfly or a gorilla etc. It's ridiculous. Can you put a price on the laughter and amazement of a child peeking over the fence on his fathers shoulders at a tiny monkey who happened to be against his own fence. Playful little thing. Yes, Yes I can and it wouldn't be this expensive. TIP: Bring your own lunch. Seriously. Get there early, they close early enough. Bring your walking shoes, running shoes preferred just don't run anyone down on your way cross country to visit the animals in the back 40. Remember where you parked. Bring a camera, you don't want to have to pay for these memories again. Take it all in, and slowly feel your wallet thinning.
Been coming here since I was a kid. Hands down best zoo in the NYC area. The place is big enough where you can spend a whole day here. Wednesdays get crowded since you don't have to pay to get in unless you want to make a donation. Weekends can also get crowded so I would recommend going early and hitting the monorail first since that's the only thing that ever seems to have a big line. They do however now charge for things that are old attractions like Jungle World which were free last time I was there ~2 years ago. Your best bet for spending the day here is to get the all inclusive ticket where you get admission to everything. Even though the zoo may be open some of the animals aren't outside when its early spring or fall. So if you go when its a little cooler out so be aware that all of the animals may not be available to see. Tiger exhibit show is really cool too. They bring the tiger right up to the cage in front. Definitely worth catching it.
the family really enjoyed their day!
One of my favorite places in the city. So much to see and do, I never get tired of it.  The animals are well kept and the people that work here are totally into it. They have a volunteer program for people interested in working with animals, very cool.
Lions, Tigers, and Bears OH MY! Came here quite a few times since I was a little kid. For a zoo in New York...this one is actually pretty nice! There are tons of things to do and exotic animals to see! I enjoyed taking a ride on the camel...my friend got some pretty awesome pictures of Me. Even though I'm 24 years old...is it totally wrong that my favorite part of this place is the children's petting zoo section? In this part they are tons of peacocks running around which I find to be pretty cool. And the place where you can view the meercat is pretty cool (makes you feel like one of them). However, this place is HUGE...make sure your wearing comfortable shoes ladies and gents...because your in for a lot of walking to get one from part of the zoo to the next!
I hate this zoo. I know, how could I hate the Bronx Zoo? It was nothing but a miserable time for me! I could list the reasons. Here I go: 1. I hate the Bronx. I'm not just some sheltered Manhattan girl who is intimidated by or thinks the Bronx is gross because I'm better than it/the people in it. This area of the Bronx really IS intimidating and gross - and I've lived in East Harlem for much of my childhood while Harlem still had a terrible reputation. Fordham is bad. 2. This place is freaking gargantuan! It's not even okay. My friends and I got there early in the morning and walked about a mile before we saw any animals. We saw about 10 animals after trecking through probably around 2 miles of the zoo (in reality, not many!) one of which was a rogue peacock. 3. The food is ridiculously expensive. Do not do. 4. Children and tourists. This place is clogged up with both, leading there to be a large line with a wait outside of the zoo entrance. 5. Location (again, but for a different reason). The train is quite a walk away from the zoo, a longer walk than I expected. Plus this place is a long train ride from Manhattan. Just saying. Nothing positive for this zoo except the apes. I like their apes, even though one had a troublesome looking bald patch on its arm that it was scratching. Poor ape. By the end of the day, I couldn't wait to leave this place. There are other better zoos.
Dissapointed with the much talked about Bronx Zoo... Paid $15 to park, $60 for my wife and I, $25 for my 3yr old daughter. What dissapointed me the most was not the non-existent up-keep of the zoo but the fact that there was not a single drinking fountain to be found in the whole zoo! Had to pay $3.50 for a bottle of water to give to my 3yr old daughter and wife! Everything is about making money from everything! What about our taxes? Oh I forgot we have the unions to pay for all of their hard work! Keep up the good work NEW YORK CITY!
This is the largest zoo I've ever been to, and they have so many different things to see! I went during January when some of the exhibits were not open, and I still didn't have time to see everything! Tigers, polar bears, bats, giraffes, monkeys...they have any kind of animal or creature you'd like to see. Plus, they have random peacocks just walking around on the sidewalks everywhere. I can't wait to go again in the spring!
Like most attractions in the city you need to get here early, because it's closing time before you know it. We got the total experience passes, because it sucks being told "You can't go in you're ticket is limited!" Since I don't like being told where to go I coughed up the $29.95-worth it!
Ever had the fantasy, that if you were rich enough you would own your zoo? If so, visit the zoo during one of those not so chilly Winter day and it would feel like you are the only one there. If you do go, spring for the $25 [it is cheaper also in the winter versus the $34 in the warmer months] unlimited access to all the exhibits, rides, 4-D movie and interactions. Some of the exhibits require you to pay extra like the Congo exhibit and the bug carousel but is included in the unlimited ticket offer. The zoo also has different attractions depending on the season you go as well.  I was able to get a "private" viewing of the sea lions being feed which they do daily at 12pm and 3pm, which is nice because since no one else was there vying for a piece of the action. I was also able to ride the carousel twice solo and the staff was more than accommodating to it.  The only downside is because it  was cold, some of the exhibits are closed or the animals are in a different area away from public view. And the zoo closes at 4:30pm but some of the exhibits closes 4pm or 30 minutes before closing. Also, if you want to go the zoo but don't feel like shelling out the $25 go on Wednesdays when the zoo is free. Be sure to bring water [the vending machines were broken and most of the little pop up stores were closed] and wear comfortable shoes.
Oh Bronx Zoo, the best zoo in New York City, what a fun zoo you are. - Donations on Wednesdays. - You'll have to pay extra for the Gorilla Forest, Monorail, Jungle World. - Great exercise walking from one exhibit to the other. - Bring your own food. Overprice mediocre food here. - Monorail is a good break from walking. - Recommended exhibits that's good for kids: Sea lions, rhinos, penguins, tigers, and bears (Oh my!) - Exhibits that stands out: Hissing cockroaches, predatory birds, bird dome where the penguins are.
Trick or treat, today I had a wonderful time with my son (aka: Dracula ), my wife (aka mother Vamp). we spent the day at the Bronx Zoo enjoying their event, Boo At The Zoo, all the children where in costume as the adults. As we walked enjoying the day, by stopping at the haunted safari, to save some animals from hunters and dangers in the forest as we walked through the belly of a snake, my little man was on pins and needles, but he got the animal to safety, and he found out that he was carrying a tiger. LOL as we passed that journey we came across some witches and bears that where breaking it down and singing some spooky songs that had my little vamp dancing away. until we found the haunted hay ride and tour through the woods to find the living dead, that showed us a good time and some old dance step to the song thriller. So as the witching hour was coming to and end, it was time to put my little vamp to bed, it was a good day. cant wait to go back next year. it was so much fun for the kids.
for an animal lover, a yearly trip to the Bronx Zoo tops everything off. I get over excited whenever it's that time of the year where I get to take the 2 trains all the way up to the Bronx just to go see the animals. It's a big Zoo, chances are if you didn't get  their early you won't be able to see the whole zoo in one day. This is the perfect place to take your children, I myself feel like a kid the moment I am here (but then again I order the soda with the animal cups so duh!) If you enter through the main entrance you will first bump into either Africa or Asia, I believe it is Asia. Once you enter you will be offered to get a ride on a camel through a small track. The track is probably like a 3 minute ride. I don't normally take this ride, and if you're going all out, go ahead but I'll try to make this trip as easy and cheap as can be. Firstly, Wednesday is donation day, so you can donate any amount you'd like "$5.00" is the suggested donation. This will save you a lot of money because the zoo itself on other days is at least $14.00. Second of all, you will have to pay for the gorilla's. It's really not worth the seeing because you can see them from another section which is free, but if you're like me this is a lot closer and they're guaranteed to be there. Theirs also a cute video on how to save conservation, which i suggest you and your kids watch. I do however this that $5.00 just to see gorilla's is outrageous. Secondly, you might need to pay the train trip because their are certain animals you won't get to see if you are not on that train. The train cost $5.00 as well, is it worth it? the price is quite high again, but the animals are cute, especially if you want to get a good luck at their natural habitat without all the high fences. It's a small sort of safari. I don't know if you could zip line anymore, but back in the early 2000's i believe you could. I haven't bothered to do it in the recent years, and I was a child back then. The food is pricey, but then again what tourist place that offers cheap food isn't over priced? If you get the animal cups you get a refill, and you get a cute animal cup as well. They offer pizza, hot dogs, etc. I love the Gelada Baboons, it could be I spend a whole summer researching them in the Bronx Zoo, and studying their behavior and their schedules, but I really feel like every time I go I must visit the Gelada Baboons. It's amazing how interesting it gets once you learn about them. The Red Panda's are obviously my favorite, because they are my favorite animals. Obviously check out the animals that everyone is excited to see, the Tigers, the Hippos, the Elephants etc. I adore that the Bronx Zoo is in the Bronx community, because it really strengthens the community and sort of pushes aside the negative comments about the Bronx. I think it's a must on everyone list, if you are or aren't a New Yorker!
I went there on Wednesday and I didn't realize that it was free to get in (donation day) and I think everyone that have children were there. It was crazy packed with hundreds of kids (maybe thousands). The zoo is very nice and clean. Some of the animals were not out but the one's that were seemed to enjoy the sun. I have been to several zoo's but have never seen a polar bear or a brown bear which was very cool. The food and drinks were very reasonable and tasted alright. I will come back again but not on a Wednesday, I'll pay that extra $18.00 and deal with half the crowd!!!
Great way to spend the day! I haven't been here in fifteen years. I went on a Monday, it was still overrun with school kids (do kids ever actually go to class or just go on field trips every day!?). But actually, as the day went on, it quieted considerably and was actually very relaxing walking around the last few hours...the place is so big and we felt like we had the place to ourselves. The bird exhibits were a favorite as were the butterfly exhibit (which costs extra), the jungle (extra $$), and monorail (extra)...so get the pass that includes all the exhibits for $30 or so, it is worth it. By the way, since I am a foodie, I will mention they have these awesome cherry dippin dots ice cream that is mixed with pop rocks which results in one of the most awesome things I have ever tasted.
I'm not a huge zoo person but I really enjoyed visiting the Bronx Zoo a couple of weeks ago with my nephews, who are total zoo fanatics. We saw almost the whole place, but that took several hours and I was exhausted at the end! The gorilla exhibit was amazing and the cheetahs were freakily alert. Good zoo store with memorabilia and pretty decent food court, although there is definitely a heavy chunk of fried food on the menu.
Nice, family friendly place. There are a lot of animals and they have a few shows and things to attend.  Leave yourself some time and try to go to as many things as possible.  Also, do not go on an extremely cold day or you might not get the full experience. The facilities are quite nice and it's a good walk.  They keep it pretty clean and it's nice to have something like this so close to the urban sprawl of New York.  The parking situation is great and easy access to the zoo. In the afternoon, they let out a bunch of peacocks and other birds on the premises so a bunch of birds were running around, which was pretty cool.  Kids have a blast here and you can tell that it's quite an enjoyable experience for the family. The only weird thing was that they only had 2 maps of the zoo for a group of 7 adults and 3 kids.  I asked for more, and they told me that they were running out.  It was 9:30am.  A little strange, but we made do.
I used to be a frequent visitor when I was a student at Fordham University.  What happened to this zoo?  I was surprised to see some of the exhibits falling apart and the odor in the giraffe exhibit was absolutely unacceptable.  Some of the animals looked like they have been neglected (i.e. the polar bear).  The ticket prices have increased over the past few years but the zoo itself has rapidly deteriorated.  I am by no means a PETA activist but please remember YOUR commitment to wildlife well-being and conservation.
It really doesn't get any better than this! The Bronx Zoo is a true gem, not just of New York, but the entire United States. I've always loved zoos, but growing up in the Bronx made me spoiled as a kid, because not only does this place have an amazing animal collection, but also a wonderful conservation mission too. If you love zoos or have kids, you'd be hard pressed to find a more enjoyable place than this in the city. The zoo is so huge it will take you at least 2 days to see everything. Think San Diego Zoo big. Plus, although it is expensive, I would definitely suggest getting the top tier ticket where you get access to all of the different parts and rides of the zoo. The animal exhibits are great, but the children's museums, skyfari, tram, etc., are so much fun and wonderful too. Don't forget to visit the drive-through safari either, as it is an awesome way to get up close to the animals too. Some people may complain about the price of the zoo, but it's not cheap to care for so many creatures and maintain a space like this, and you can really see the care and money goes back into the zoo. And, if you can't afford the ticket price, the zoo is free on Wednesdays. What a great gift to the community!
Monkeys Do It (The State) Joseph:  Hey.  I just had a particular thought.  What if we go all the way to the zoo, and the monkeys ain't in the mood? Joey:  What, for doin' it? Joseph:  Yeah, for doing it, the monkeys. Joey:  That's okay.  We'll just watch the penguins do it. Tony:  Ahh..that's disgusting.  You're like a perverted individual! Joseph:  What?  Why is that disgusting, and watching the monkeys doin' it ain't? Tony:  Because monkeys is natural with humans, penguins, they ain't natural like that. Joey:  What are you talking about?  Penguins is natural. Anthony:  Penguins ain't natural, they was chemically man-made like The Incredible Hulk. Joseph:  Anthony, how do you know this about the penguins? Anthony:  It's in the Bible. J+J:  It ain't in the Bible. Anthony:  It's in the Bible wit' Noah!  Noah didn't take no penguins wit' 'em on the ark, so therefore penguins ain't natural.  Read your Bible.  There's no mention of penguins whatsoever. Tips: Yes, there are penguins at the zoo, in case the monkeys aren't in the mood. Special rides & attractions cost extra. The all-in-one or pay-one-price ticket isn't really worth it unless you do all the special exhibits.
Nice zoo. It is a good idea to get there early to get parking- if you become a member, parking is FREE, and you get admission to 4 other parks from the same organization. It is a well-kept zoo where it seems that the animals are cared for. One thing to note is that you should definitely get the full experience admission rather than just grounds admission or else you won't be able to see most of the nice exhibits. You can always upgrade your admission to a full membership while in the park if you enjoy it!
I spent a lot of my time as a kid here, so I have some fond memories of climbing in oversized rope spider webs and trying on "rabbit ears" as I ran around with my little brother, my parents frantically trying to keep up and keep us away from the overpriced fast food. We also had a company event here, which I ended up missing, but apparently was a huge success. It's a bit of a trip, but worthwhile for the little ones for sure!
For a family of 5 we paid $150 dollars to essentially see nothing.  We saw 1 dirty tired depressed tiger, a sea lion, a sleeping polar bear and a sleeping brown bear and a giraffe and ostrich.  They asked us to pay MORE to see the gorillas.  WE might as well have taking a long walk around Central Park with our family instead of expecting to see an amazing zoo experience.  THIS IS THE BRONX ZOO --the world famous BRONX ZOO---but it was like going to a petting farm in the suburbs.  Very disappointing.
Definitely plan to stay the entire day at this great zoo. Worth the entrance fee and the extra fees for the monorails, and buying a stuffed monkey.  The food in the cafe is decent if you are needing munchies.  Support our furry, feathered, hooved and reptilian friends.
i went to this zoo on wednesday (donation day) please.. do not go to the zoo at donation day without paying your toyal experience guys! you wont see anything only a 35% of the entire zoo and the animal that you can see for free are not the ones that you probably will spect for :( total experience is $14.99 p/p .
A wonderful zoo!  This place is definitely better than the Franklin Park Zoo (Boston) Stone Zoo (North of Boston) and the D.C. Zoo (figure that one out yourselves!) Great exhibits, and the most friendly employees!   Should I return to the Bronx Zoo anytime soon, I would be sure to purchase the Total Experience tickets, which includes admission to the zoo as well as seven other rides and attractions.  I don't know why I was being captain frugal that day, but I bought general admission tickets, then proceeded to spend another $40 or so dollars for myself and my cousins to see the butterfly garden, gorilla exhibit, children's zoo...ect.  The monorail was closed.   I was a little disappointed at the fact that those exhibits cost extra.  Never seen anything like that before.  Oh well.  Butterfly garden wasn't anything too wonderful, but what it lacked, the Children's Zoo exhibit made up for.  Alpacas, pigs, chickens, and goats, OH MY!   Long line to wash your hands, though. Parking was pretty cheap, at $12.
Broke down and got the membership for the family.  Have to say bang for the buck.  We gone on attractions that general admission doesn't get you unless you pay out of pocket.  So far well worth the membership plus free parking.  Also the membership gets you into like 5 other zoos and aquariums.  Pretty cool.  Anyway rambling about membership.   We absolutely love this place.  Recommend everyone to go.
My family took me to the Bronx zoo when I was a kid...and school trips...over the years they updated the zoo..I have to visit here again before the end of the summer...
I wanted  to rate this place 4 stars because I appreciate the space and the environment they provided for the animals there. Even though ideally I wished all the animals were free in the wild, I understand that certain species are still existing thanks to the breeding at the Zoo ( like Mongolian wild horses which you will be able to see if you take the train ride at the Asia's part) However I didn't like the position of  and how little space hyenas have at this Zoo. On the last weekend visit- when the Zoo was too crowded- Hyenas were visibly disturbed, the two of them were nervously walking up and down but they didn't have any chance  to withdraw from us,  humans, who were lined up of the both end of the fence , taking pictures, flashing cameras, pointing them to the restless children.... While notably nervously  walking - hyenas also tried to remain near by the closed door hoping to go through it ( which probably would lead them to some private spot) if only the doors haven't been shot! I stayed by their lot for a long time  and looked around. There wasn't really any corner or semi "hidden spot"  where hyenas could distance themselves from visitors when they felt overwhelmed. They are in fact, overly exposed.At one point even one assertive sound of the motorbike came  from the street and one of the hyenas reacted with the sudden body movement of fear. It felt really, really sad and I was little disturbed by the site. I know that those hyenas will never leave the Zoo but I wish that someone could find them a different, larger  space at the property , positioned away from the street noise, provided with some natural shields. The other site I though I would enjoyed but I haven't as much - was Congo ( Gorilla site) I love gorillas and they are my favorites species, but there were endlessly crowded hallways and waterfall caves, movie theater  etc...that needs to be by-passed in order to get to the spot to actually see the Gorillas. Once I see them- I get always impressed by their human-like behavior, mimics and gestures. You can actually make a connection with them. But more fascinating I get by them more sad I feel they are caged. The only comforting thing is that Gorillas didn't seem to mind all the attention that they were getting from the excited crowd so I hope that they are actually happy there. My two cents for the visitors: _ I wouldn't missed train ride at Asia section. _ if with the kid hang at the Asia section  more- for nice puppetry play-story telling. -Go to see Gorillas (in-spite the crowded hallways they are just amazing) - Don't miss Zebras and Giraffes -Go there on weekdays and early at the morning ( be there 10:00AM) - for the best and least crowded experience. -Wednesdays are free of charge - so if you are on the budget this would be a great opportunity for you but if you are not - I would not actually go on Wednesdays. - Bring comfortable shoes and don't shy away from bringing the stroller if your kid is younger than 5!
This is a tough one for me because I love animals and zoos are just downright depressing.  I know a lot of them try to do some good and save animals that won't make it in the wild whether from injury, extinction or otherwise, but still, when I see a polar bear on repeat mode with a ball because he has no one else to play with, no mate, then I get depressed and when I visited here past summer there were more singles to an area than I expected.  Seems to make for a lonely existence.  Call me a bleeding heart but it was a sad sight to see, but hey I've seen much worse and even horrifying conditions at some zoos in the Caribbean (eh hem, St. Maartens for example).. anyways, besides this flaw it is huge (and a bit outdated) but for as much room as they have the confinements seem very small...must have to do with budget of course and lack of donations.  Also a lot of things weren't included with the ticket so you pay extra and it is expensive.  I don't mind that so much as it is for a good cause.  I see a lot of good reviews for this zoo but what can I say, it really was more heartbreaking than fun. will share some pics soon.
Didn't get to see the lions, but the other animals were quite enjoyable. The Sea lion feeding is a must-see! The penguin feeding was informational and particularly smelly. Go see the dinosaurs!
The Bronx Zoo is arguably the best or 2nd best zoo in America, def in the Northeast, and almost always a sure hit for the animal lover of all ages in any family.   I have come to the park at least once or twise a year for my whole life......its a tradition I will carry on as long as i live in driving distance from the zoo.  I did it as a child, and as an adult have brought my cousins every year until they got older and they got more mature interests....I can't wnlike some of the city's other parks which can be dpressing ( cough Coney island cough), as the WCS's primary chapter has always maintained the quality of its experience, despite perpetual state cutbacks every year. This park is huge.  The short monorail ride alone is 20 mins and a couple miles.  This zoo has almost everything you could want to see except Chinese Pandas. Many of the animals can be hard to see during the day, ESP the cats, but the zoo setup is maximized for you to see what you like.  The main attraction, the tigers, can be seen on the monorail (Siberian) or if they are hiding, there is 2 Bengals in tiger mountain for your viewing pleasure.  The tiger mountain setup is great for taking pictures.  One of the best pics I've ever taken was in that exhibit. Every Wednesday, the zoo does a suggested donation only day where you pay to park, and give what you like to the zoo at the gate, but can do so for free if your that much of a tightwad.  Its a total madhouse in spring and fall on weds.....with every camp, school, babysitter and parent with 3+ unruly children there trying to get the most out of the zoo for free, on other days there is parking, entry, and exhibit fees, however, there is a 26$ total experience package available only at the website which includes entry to the zoo and ALL exhibits including the monorail and if you are tired, the zoo shuttle for the one price.   When you add up everything including the monorail, Congo, jungle house, children's zoo, buttly house, and dorah 4d experience, all of which being about 5$ EACH, its a decent deal.....plus you get to support one of the best conservation efforts we have.  An exotic animal base this large with ever shrinking funds, as seen at other locations, can get expensive, and it would be a shame to lose out on the experience of seeing some of these animals, while we still can before they are gone from other our city and globe.  Some of the collections at the Bronx Zoo are among the top breeding programs in the country with some of the most success.....all due to possibilities in haitats and care that is top quality.  The price of your total experience pack does NOT include the 13$ parking, but can be used towards joining the WSC as a member and getting benefits like season pass and even guest passes. To save on some parking and food, if you're a local, it always ends some fun on to the trip to find a decent parking spot in the Bronx"s Little Italy section by Arthur Ave for metered parking, and a good solid lunch at any of the local joints (we like Tinos and cero otro novo).  Almost all of the small Italian deli's are good, and like I said, the zoo is big, you'll want to eat and food in the park is ridiculously priced, ESP for park food.   The walk from Arthur Ave is not that far, and for the Bronx, is a safe neighborhood, ESP during the day and should be no trouble for any NY'er or Jerseyite on the go.  Be sure to pay attention to your meter, they do ticket, they do tow, and you don't want to be wandering at night, even as a semi-local. On the walk to the zoo there is also a McDonalds if Italian isn't your thing, as well as multiple small Latin joints and multiple pushcarts selling Italian ices for 1$.   After a day in the park one of those small cups of pin a colada ice is very refreshing, and the price is perfect. Also in the neighborhood across the street from the zoo is the botanical gardens, and right up the street is Fordham Univ. For us the perfect day at the zoo is to leave Paramus around 10-11, park on Arthur Ave, grab a heart San which at tinos or a neopolitan pie at otro move, walk to the zoo, get in some good exercise....then after the park, which closest at 5ish, we head up to the Cliff Grove shopping center in Westchester and get some pints and a snack at the Yard House.  With a full menu and 65+ beer taps, its the perfect finish to a great day. I suggest this spot as a must see for any tourist or local with kids or even a loud, curious inner child. I suggest going on a day other then weds, like I said, it can get CRAZY weds with obnoxious kids......this year was our first trip on a Friday in years, and it was just perfect weather and a smaller spaces out crowd at the zoo.  There were quite a few younger couples there, and for the first time in a while it was a once chance to get in a nice romantic day without people trying to hide their kids' gaze from two dudes clearly on a date.  Lol.  Try and come in spring, there's baby animals almost every
1. Get here early. Traffic at the entrance is unreal. 2. If you plan to make it out here more the once this summer and are a family of two or more, get a membership package. Prices are up there. Seriously, get the membership. I peeped the price ahead of time and was adamant about getting the membership before going. I have a busted printer and had to drive to Kinko's to print the temporary pass. It was all worth it. This is a big zoo with a lot of animals. You can get through it in one day but may have to split it up if you come with a toddler. My all time favorite is the peacock infestation. These beauties are everywhere and the males showing off and posturing is just awesome to watch. After the peacocks, the giraffes are my favorites. They have lions, tigers, but no bears. Gorillas, and other monkey breeds. There seriously is a lot. The petting Zoo was blah. The animals looked a little pathetic. I felt bad for them so I did not hang around too long.   A few things cost additional. Again, it's in your best interested to just get the membership.  You don't pay for the extra things and you don't have to stand on line to purchase your ticket. My last tip, bring food with you. It's pricey, greasy and not that good.
Probably my fault, but don't go here during the winter. For $20 a person you'll see nothing. If you pay the extra (I think) $5 you can see the monkey's, though they don't do much but pick at their scabs. Most of the booths and special exhibits were closed because they were out of season. I wish the person selling the tickets had said something like you should come back when it's warmer. I did see a peacock, a huge ass snake, a baby giraffe, and a shit load of squirrels. I might go back in the summer.
It was a great day at the zoo we paid $167 for the family pass. That price covers everything in the park including parking which is $15 per car. Now we can come to the zoo all summer long with the kids for free.
I LOVE the Bronx zoo....what an awsome place.  I'm huge fan of animals, and seeing the Rhinoceroses, and the bats were most amazing to me. What I also love is that around Christmas they have lights.  It's a bunch of animal shaped Christmas lights....really puts you in the spirit.
I'm not a huge zoo visitor but figured since I'm on vacation from Las Vegas might as well try to experience as much as I can. The info about tickets and prices is a little misleading. If you really want to see anything or any the exhibits, you will need the more expensive ticket though it seemed worth it once we got over our annoyance. We only got to spend a few hours there, which sounds like a lot but it went by very quickly. My favorite attraction was the gorilla exhibit. I could have watched them for a couple of hours easily. You will see a lot of Peacocks and Peahens walking about even on the trail around the zoo. They had some browns bears that were playing around and was great to check out. The butterfly exhibit was even interesting. Overall a real great experience and highly recommend, do plan on being there for a while if you like zoos, you could lose track of time checking everything out.
I have only been to this zoo three times in my whole life. Twice when I was a kid and once as an "adult" I absolutely love it!!! The exhibits are great and what I like the most is that there are residential buildings right across the street and you still feel like you left the city and entered a jungle. This zoo is huge. Took me all day to see it but I had a great time.
It's been almost 15-16 years since I been to the Bronx Zoo, perhaps even longer. Somethings haven't changed. The polar bear exhibit was just how i remembered it. A tired old looking bear that slept all day. There are a few different kinds of tickets. There's the full experience ticket which includes everything. These tickets weren't really worth it in my opinion. The lines for Dinosaur and monorail thing were ridiculous. It was a never ending line. I would recommend just getting the general ticket. The zoo itself is more than enough to look at when you spend your day there. Most of the employees here don't even check the tickets to be honest with you. On a busy day, you can just walk right inside the zoo without showing a ticket. The staff here all seem very careless about their jobs. Fun Part 1. Monkeys and apes were fun to look at. 2. The zebras looked beautiful 3. Brown Bears were fun and active Boring Part 1. Polar bear was a lazy bum throughout the day 2. Tigers and Lions were M.I.A 3. I felt sorry for the giraffe that was indoors. 4. Some animals looked incredible bored and depressed. Verdict - Still a great big zoo to visit. I just wished the lines for some the exhibits weren't as long. I also wish they had some hand sanitizer and more public restrooms located throughout the zoo. The animal petting area seemed infested with bacteria. Coming from Queens, the commute wasn't very pleasant but still worth the trip. If the family is happy, I'm happy, that's all that matters at the end of the day.
My favorite zoo on the east coast. They have camel rides! How can you say no to that??
Fabulous time! I'm a real animal lover and obviously since I am a small baby child,I made my fiance take me to the zoo for a belated 27th bday present. Animals were so cute and it was waaay cleaner than I remember. The whole park had a really nice flow to it and even though it was really hot outside when I went, I enjoyed every second of it. The only criticism I had was regarding the Gorilla house.   I know it would probably be a little over the top to say that there should be a guard there at all times, however, since a lot of parents don't seem to teach their children the value of WATCHING an animal and not slamming on the glass, I found myself feeling sorry of the gorillas.   There was a younger looking gorilla asleep very close up to the glass-his beautiful feet gently pressed up against the diving barrier between himself and the humans.  There were an obnoxious group of children that were pounding on the glass with all their strength, and while it didn't seem to phase the gorillas much (as I'm sure this happen at least 1,000 times a day), there was no zoo worker there to enforce the "please do not disturb the animals" policies they have there. Watching the disgusting parents, laugh, and even encourage their children to continue slamming on the glass was a bit upsetting but not at all surprising....It just goes to show, the real wild animals were definitely loose in the zoo, and not the ones behind the glass/cages.
awesome zoo with lots of animals n all are well taken care of, lots of buildings housing them (love that some of them are open so u experience the same humid climate as the animals), will take ya a whole day to visit, be prepared to walk a lot the place is huge, u also can take the various train or lifts for an extra charge but it doesn't cover it all. **FREE ON WEDNESDAY**
I love zoos and, supposedly, the Bronx Zoo is supposed to be world class. I was pretty excited for my early April visit and, except for a few things which I found distasteful, my day at the zoo was a good one. World class though, it was not. First of all, how about you work with the MTA to get some dedicated buses? I'm coming from the eastside of Manhattan and I can't easily get to the Bronx Zoo? WTF? I can easily get to Jersey and I can't get to the effing Bronx Zoo? Even after figuring out a complicated itinerary I'm left stranded on my return because - surprise! - we're in the Bronx and no bus is stopping. Even though we're at the start of the effing bus line and all buses are empty, the bus drivers seem to think the plethora of us waiting at the one and only bus stop are not waiting for the bus. I saw four perfectly legit buses over a one-hour period roll right passed us with a Next Bus Please message because everyone shits on the outer boroughs and those people just have to take it. Guess what?! As a neighborhood zoo with a world class reputation, you're supposed to want people to come to your effing zoo and, in order to accomplish this, you should ensure safe travel is available both to AND from your gates. You failed. Secondly, I'm not a big fan of tiered pricing. You are a zoo, not an amusement park slash water park. You do not get to charge me one price if I want to see some animals and a higher price to see more animals. You get to charge me ONE price and that should grant me access to everything. Whoever told you charging nearly DOUBLE for Africa was a wise idea was wrong. Wholly and utterly wrong. I can live without seeing your Africa exhibit and I can live without ever returning to your zoo. If you had one price for the whole thing, maybe I would've come back multiple times. Instead, I won't be back because your zoo isn't worth it. I feel like your polar bear was unhappy due to the small enclosure. I feel like your giraffes were unhappy for the same reason (plus that smell). I feel like your zoo is living off an old reputation for greatness that is far passed its expiration date. Yes, I enjoyed my day at the zoo. But, it was nothing special and definitely not what I had come to expect from THE Bronx Zoo.
Always love going here in the summer with my family. be sure to wear you walking shoes and be sure you have you zoo map handy.
Wonderful experience, went to all attractions and I love it. To many kids but it is fun to see them so amazed with the animals. Definitely pay it again. Only thing not good, the food!
Really disappointed...you trek all the way up here, you've heard about the Bronx Zoo, and you just expect more.  Out of all the zoos I've been to (St. Louis and Seoul, Korea are the only ones I can remember for certain), this was the weakest...they have all this land, and sparse exhibits here and there - plus, most of the animals just seemed ordinary.  I enjoyed seeing the one tiger feed, and the little monkeys (size of my fist), but that's about it.  There are peacocks everywhere for some reason.  The Asian monorail was probably the most disappointing...you expect more animals roaming free, but instead, its going from one blocked off area to another, not being that close to any of the animals - nothing like a safari which you may or may not expect.  Save your time and go to the Central Park Zoo - they do a lot more with a lot less space.
I've come to this zoo many a time, ever since I was 7 and the World of Darkness exhibit was the coolest thing in the zoo and Jungle World had just opened.  Okay, I'm done dating myself. I visited the zoo recently after they sent out a flyer advertising its new dinosaur safari exhibit.  Since I was such a fan of the dinobots as a kid, I couldn't resist. After a full day at the zoo, I came away with some impressions. 1) It's still the only place in the greater New York metro area to ride a camel, which is pretty unique.  There are lots of places to ride a horse, but an actual camel? You will have to come here. 2) The butterfly exhibit is still pretty spectacular.  They seemed to have lowered the temperature of it somewhat, as it used to be an absolute sauna in the beginning.  If you like the idea of possibly having a butterfly land on your head for a great photo opportunity, this isn't to be missed. 3) The dinosaur safari currently has a huge wait, in the neighborhood of 45 minutes to an hour.  Best time to go is during lunch time when most of the people are stuffing their faces at the Dancing Crane cafe.  It is not worth it to go through it more than once.  There are not that many dinosaurs and the script that the guides follow is pretty hokey.  This was a one and done for me. 4) The Congo exhibit is probably the best of the extra $ exhibits in the zoo.  In no other exhibit will you be able to get the level of interaction that the gorillas give you.  Like previous reviewers have said, it really is distasteful how the kids slam the glass whenever a gorilla gets near.  If I was the zoo director, I would put some spiked nails on the glass every couple inches. 5) Bring a water bottle.  They let you bring in water, but will ask you to dump any beverages.  Save yourself some serious dough and bring a refillable water bottle.  The food is expensive enough (you're helping save the animals) so stretch your dollars by bringing your drinks with you.
I love the zoo!!  The Bronx Zoo is HUGE and definitely fills up a whole day.  Haha, the food on the other hand?  Might want to bring some lunch.  Or maybe eat the leaves off of trees you pass.  That's probably better than the food.  At any rate, the exhibits are great, and I even shared a moment with a gorilla.  It was sitting right in front of the glass and lifted it's finger towards me.  I did the same and then there was a little finger game going on for a minute until it got up and walked away.  Okay, maybe it wasn't that exciting.  The Bronx Zoo is great and I highly recommend it for both tourists and locals.
After 10 years of living in NYC I finally made it to the Bronx zoo. And what a disappointment!! When I pay to go to the zoo I expect to see ALL of the animals. I shouldn't have to pay extra to see a gorilla. And even more to see an elephant. I understand extra costs for special shows it exhibits, but for these animals not to be included is a rip off. I don't know how a normal family can afford to spend the day here? Between the parking, admissions, extra costs just to see animals and food costs, this can easily be a $200 day just to go to the zoo. Ripoff. We did see a giraffe and a tiger so I guess I got my $17 worth??
Ha! I guess someone actually read my review and decided to make some improvements on the Bronx Zoo run this year...but not without a drawback. This year, the WCS decided that every participant needs to pay the $30 registration and an additional $30 fundraising minimum. That's a total of $60 to run a 5k. Really? But for $60, it also included a race shirt, which they didn't have last year. I first signed up for the race without knowing about the additional $30 fundraising minimum so I was pretty upset about it. I almost wanted to give up my spot until a couple of my running buddies decided to make it more fun by wearing Thundercat t-shirts and Lion head gears (see profile pic) to support the 'Save the Lions' theme. I have to say if I didn't actually dress up for the race, I think I would have felt miserable and bored. The face painting definitely perked up my spirits and put me into character (yes, I was pouncing and roaring like a lioness during the event) Some people actually thought we worked for the zoo and asked us which activity we were performing for. Overall, the race itself was not as disorganized and crowded as last year. I think they have finally figured it all out but pricing wise, it was still a bit steep.  Like last year, they let us visit the zoo afterwards but if you want to go on to special exhibits or rides, you have to pay. I paid extra for the monorail and camel ride because I think it will be a long while before I will be coming back to the zoo again.  From a two to three star, that's an improvement there for me.
I went here for a day trip since my girlfriend is an animal lover and I'm an animal liker. We arrived at 11AM and it took until park closing (5:30pm) to see everything. The park is HUGE. Everything is clean and well maintained. Unlike my previous experiences the animals were actually awake this time! It can be a bummer when you visit and half the major animals are napping. It's understandable but a bit boring. So I was happy to see the tigers wrestling, the attention whore sea lions waddling around, and witness the eagles and hawks being fed. (They really go to town on the dead mice.) The full experience tickets are worth it because some of the best attractions are included. They are the Butterfly garden,Wild  Asian monorail, Congo Gorilla Forest, and Jungle world. If you're going with kids you get the above plus the kiddie attractions so there's even more value. And if you're a bum you get access to the Zoo Shuttle. But nothing beats taking a nice stroll around the park. Use the shuttle to get back to your parking area. They're opening the Dinosaur Safari on May 25th which is one of the most ridiculous/awesome things I've ever heard of. Don't waste money on their food, and don't EVER show up for free Wednesdays. That's when all the summer camps and schools looking to save money show up. It will cause you misery.
After two visits, I'm kinda over the Bronx Zoo.  Although, I would like to visit in the winter when it snows.  That'd be fun.  I could also watch the gorillas all day.  Otherwise, I could do without.
What a wonderful zoo! After five years of living in NYC I finally made the trip here. You get a great workout walking around the many acres that make up the zoo.  The only turnoff of the whole experience was that you have to pay for the tram that takes you around the whole park .  No thanks, back in Baltimore that tram is free ! The animals were nice to look at though.  Some of the buildings were closed the day I went there but I got my pay what you wish worth. :D
This is like the Creme de la creme of Zoos. The best zoo. I used to go here as a kid nearly once a week and stare for hours at the bats. I loved bats. I was a strange child...
When the chance arose to go on a bus trip to the Bronx Zoo my family seized the opportunity.  This zoo has long been on our bucket list because of our love for animals and the fascination I had with exotic creatures living in the middle of a concrete jungle.  We eagerly planned our trip, read reviews, and packed accordingly and were fearful that our limited 3 hours and 45 minutes allowance would not be enough time.  Here's the lowdown based on our experience 9/8/13: Pack lunch, food is priced obnoxiously here  ($11, hot dogs? NO thank you!!) !  We brought lunch for 4 in a wheeled cooler only to find lugging that thing around to be cumbersome. Bring lunchbags instead.  Some of the walkways are on an incline, and there's also steps.  Also a lot of the indoor exhibits do not allow you to bring in strollers/coolers.  There was however nice shady spots available for eating a packed lunch. Grab a map but plan on relaying on the signs inside the park more.  We found the map to be inaccurate and confusing.  Overall it was hard to really "get a feel" or a sense of direction to the way this park was set up which was frustrating. Bring your own grocery bag for trash.  Trash cans are rarer than some of the animals you'll see. Don't excite the kids too much in advance about what they'll see.  We found many exhibits with no animals in sight, others were closed, and the lions just had babies and weren't open to the public.  The Children's Zoo although listed on the map isn't operational, and the animals we did see were very lethargic and lazy compared to other zoos we've visited in the past.  We also counted many, many animals not even present at this zoo that we saw in Philly and Baltimore. Bring extra cash, several of the attractions require an additional fee, we didn't do any of these because of time restrictions, but if we did it would have added considerably to the cost. Park on the street.  We came on a bus so that was a non issue but the neighboring streets although busy and dirty did have scattered parking spots.  You might need to circle the block once or twice (and be sure to use your bumper buddy whenever you park in NYC) but it sure beats paying the $15 parking fee. Don't plan your entire day around going here.  Our biggest fear was not having enough time.  But since most of the attractions didn't live up to our expectations or we found the animals out of sight the 3 hours and 45 minutes was more than enough time to have a leisurely lunch and see everything. On the plus side, the grounds and outbuildings  were beautiful.  There's ample shade, wide lanes, clean bathrooms, the exhibits were clean, and on the day of our visit not overly crowded.  Nice trip but not worth a second visit........
went there for a gal pals birthday prior few months ago. You always have a good time. The price is moderate, the staff are quite friendly and helpful. The only thing that should change would be the pricing of the food, but what do you expect at a zoo that makes money off of admission, and food...
I FINALLY WENT TO THE ZOO! Okay; this year I have been to Prospect Park, Central Park and now Bronx Zoo.  This was the holy grail of zoos.  Decided to take a vacation day and go on Wednesday.  I sprung for the $15 total experience ticket... even though I didn't really need to.  Oh well.  Getting there after 2 was a good call, as the school groups were all leaving.  The shuttle and monorail had longer lines than I would have liked, but what are you going to do? Holy peacocks- they were everywhere! Loved it! I didn't see the sea lion show, I've seen it at the other zoos, but they were active and playful.  The park was very clean, and most of the animals were out and about.   I would def go back, just don't need to do all the little extra add-ons again.
B.X zoo got them animals :)
This place is huge! Even with the map, you can easily find yourself having ventured down a path opposite the direction you wanted.  There are signs everywhere, but it can still be a bit confusing.  That being said, be ready to get some serious exercise walking around this enormous compound. Despite being worn out after getting some much needed exercise for my overweight body, it was well worth the time and effort. If you want to save money, carry a backpack full of snacks and drinks/water.  I was a bit rushed for the day, so when I exited the Subway/Elevated train, I immediately hit the bodega at the bottom of the stairs for provisions. Getting there can be confusing if you're using public transportation: If you're coming from Grand Central Terminal, take the number 5 heading to Pelham. Get off at the 179th Street (or was it 178th, there is only one station between the two streets) and the bodega is at the bottom of the stairs. Walk north 3 short blocks to the Asia Gate entrance.  When going back, retrace your steps and take the number 5 heading to Bowling Green to get back to Grand Central.  The token system is obsolete, you'll need to buy a Metrocard at Grand Central.  One-way fare is $2.50 plus the initial $1.00 fee to pay for the flimsy card.  Stock it full of as many fares as you need (at least $5.00 per person since you'll need the return trip). I bought the Total Experience package.  I recommend the same, even if you don't get to expereience every last added attraction, just because some attractions (such as the Congo experience) will allow you to cut the line since you don't have to stand in line to pay an additional $5.00.  There is a shuttle that is included free with Total Experience or $5.00 if you didn't buy that package.  There are several stops throughout the park, but you can only get on or disembark the shuttle at specified stops.  Carry the map with you so you can see which stop you want to use.  Downside: once you get to the next stop, you have to disembark. If you want to go to another stop, you have to walk the short distance to the next loading station and wait in line. If you're bringing the family and plan on spending a few days or so in the city, consider the membership plan that will allow free admission to five different parks throughout the city, to include the Central Park Zoo in Manhattan, the Queens Zoo, the New York Aquarium, another park I can't remember the name of, and of course the Bronx Zoo. This is a fun place to spend the day.  It would be nice, however, if the park hours were longer since you'll not have the opportunity to see everything in one day. 10am - 5pm weekdays/10am -5:30pm weekends.
The GORILLAS stole the show.  Worth the $$.
I haven't been at the zoo in years, so I was pretty excited to take my daughter there for her first zoo excursion. She loved it all, and it was great to see her go crazy over the animals (except the massive polar bears - too scary for her)! While we had a pretty good day walking around, I have to say that the atmosphere here leaves a lot to be desired. When I think zoo, I think, nature, animals, walking around, and having a relaxing day. But holy crap, this place was totally out of control! Every exhibit was overrun by hundreds of school kids who were screaming, cursing, throwing things at each other, yelling at people, and generally being little shitheads. The teachers/chaperons? They looked totally helpless. NYC school system in effect! Aside from that, I also felt that it was unreasonably expensive to visit. I had to drop $45 just to set foot in the place ($30 for 1 adult ticket and $15 for parking) and while cool, it's not like the zoo is $45 cool! For $45 bucks, monkeys should be serving me vodka tonics all day long. By the way, their concession are pretty insane too - $3 for a small bottle of crappy Dasani - which is beyond overkill since since a case of 24 cost $4 at Target. Anyway, this place is definitely a top spot to bring the family, especially little kids. I just wish that the pricing was more reasonable and that the vibe was a bit more G rated than it turned out to be.
After hesitating to write a review on the Bronx Zoo for so long..I've finally caught myself writing one now. Let me just say that if you live in the Bronx and haven't been here yet, you must not be living. I have been here so many time, and even though I try to avoid it, I manage to get myself here anyways. This zoo has a lot of animals to observe.. you most likely can spend your entire day here. I remember one time when I was younger and I was watching the gorillas. Next thing I know, one of them throws up...and then EATS IT. I was disgusted, but it was funny too. I have seen many of these funny scenarios around the whole zoo. Unfortunately, because it is so huge, I have gotten myself lost about every time I come here. I am quite ashamed to say it too. Even with a map I managed to get lost. I remember when I was a Camp Counselor at the Boys & Girls Club and we had split up in groups, and each counselor had a group of kids to supervise. I have no idea what gave them the idea that I would be able to manage these four kids without getting lost. One wanted to go one way, the other wanted to go the next way. They were interested in doing their own thing and leaving the group. It was frustrating. By the way, these were 10&11 yr old kids I had to supervise and I was 14 at the time. We got to see almost everything and I had fun. They had fun too. However the really bad part came when we had to meet back up with the whole camp group. LOST,LOST,LOST!!! IT WAS HORRIBLE. I felt like I was in the jungle, ravaging around for some help. After some time, we managed to find our way to the group, but my Group Leader was really pist...all well. All he was doing was babbling on about some nonsense when we got there. I didn't care. I looked at him with shame, but also like he was stupid. This zoo has a food court, so if you get hungry, you can stop by there. I'm not sure if the World of Darkness is still part of the Bronx Zoo, but that place is fun. You can view the bats at this area. But then at the end, you get to the mice, and for some that will make them want to run out. Hahahaha!!..it's funny seeing the people run. They also have souvenir shops. Oh yeah..let me not forget the Shuttle Train you can take you around the park if you are feeling tired, or just lazy...like me. Overall this is a great place for a trip to take kids on. They can enjoy all the scenery, ride the bug carousal, feeding the animals, petting the animals, and just go CRAZY!!...lol. New experiences awaits each time they come. It's fun for adults as well. I recommend to all!!! **ADMISSION IS FREE ON WEDNESDAYS!!!**(they consider donations though)
The Bronx Zoo is a great place to visit. The animals are well kept and displayed beautifully. Strolling around the zoo will provide you with a calming and pleasant day. It's a great place for photography. I've been going there for years.
MISSING: One Egyptian Cobra. Answers to the names "Salazar Slytherin," "Neville Flynn," "Scales," and "Hey You." Last seen checking out of the World of Reptiles.
I love love love love lovee this zoo! I always look forward to come here because there's so many different animals here to see. I came here last weekend with family and I can't wait to go back again!
This is a great zoo...recommend!!!  You can catch a bus from Manhattan or park right there.  Recommend driving there if you have a car.
The Bronx Zoo is always a beautiful experience. They have so many animals and even if you go on the day that it is free (on Wednesdays), you get to see a lot of animals. I love it every time I go, and will definitely go back!!
This is a class act Zoo.  The Bronx Zoo will spoil you to most other city Zoo's.  I spent a lovely Wednesday (pay what you want day!) afternoon here and left wanting more!  The animals look happy and healthy, the grounds are clean and well organized, and the food actually isn't that bad.  Everyone should go to the Bronx Zoo at least once in their lives.  Everyone!
This is the worst zoo I have ever visited.  There is a whole lot of walking and a whole lot of nothing.  Do they even have animals here? We were very disappointed.  It didnt help that we were scared for our lives walking the 2 blocks from the subway to the zoo and back.  Its not quite the same as riding the subway in Manhattan, thats for sure!  It was pretty scary walking around the zoo, too.  We didn't see any people for most of the day.  I felt like it was closed and we somehow got locked in there!
I went to the Bronx Zoo yesterday, my local zoo in RI offered a day trip there so my sister and I decided to check it out. We love our zoo and also love Disney's Animal Kingdom, so I was curious to see how the Bronx Zoo compared to those. This is a beautifully landscaped zoo. And big! Lots of walking was done, but there is a zoo shuttle( we had the Total Experience tickets) that came in handy.  Loved the Gorilla forest, the tigers, the Africa plains, the bird house and the Asia monorail. What I didn't love was the fact that the food and drink prices are through the roof. Expect to pay at least $10 for an order of fries, some chicken nuggets and a drink. My sister and I didn't eat there, we just ate on the way home. Next year, we will bring lunches. I would gladly come to this zoo again, we had a great day.
A super bromantic place!  Too bad it's so hard to get to and probably not in the best area. Sometimes, I have moral dilemmas about zoos.  Don't get me wrong, I'm no tree hugger, but I think the animals should be happy.  Thankfully, the animals are coddled here at the Bronx zoo.  I also have issues with cleanliness and despite the copious amounts of animal poo, this ranks as ones of the cleanest zoo's I've been to. Back to the happy animals, there's an annoying male seal who keeps hollering.  He's a part of the show at the zoo.  I think whenever they feed the seals, there's a little "show." The annoying seal is offset by the friendliest polar bear on earth who just waits for your attention (see pics).  Of course I realize that if there wasn't a moat between us, he wouldn't be so friendly... Other highlights include the merry go round.  Yes, I tried it and it was amazingsauce. The staff were also super friendly and helpful. I just wish I had time to spend the whole day here.  One trip is not enough, so I'll definitely be back!
I took my "little sister" (see review for Big Brothers/Big Sisters) here on Saturday.  It was really wonderful.  The 2 and 5 trains go about three blocks from the Asia Gate.  We were both so excited to see all the lions and tigers and bears - oh my.  We paid the extra money to get into the Butterfly Garden.  I'm not sure that was worth it.  It's kind of cool to be surrounded by butterflies, but its nothing unexpected or special.  On the other hand, seeing the monkeys was really amazing.  (The jungle area was solidly my favorite.)  I wish I'd had more time to look around.  I will definitely be heading back.
I love zoos. I used to come to the Bronx Zoo every year as a kid, and once in a while during school trips. During my recent visit back to the Bronx, I realized that I live extremely close to the south entrance of the Bronx Zoo! I guess I'm coming back every time I visit home. We recently visited on a Wednesday, which happens to be donation day, so donate whatever you want for general admission! We didn't have much time to explore the zoo, since were arrived late, but we were able to make it to the penguin feeding at 3:30pm. Some of the penguins were excited to leave the water to get fish from the Zoo employee, but most spent their time under water, which was a disappointment. I swear that there was one penguin that received a fish and kept going back for more. Extremely cute, but you can't beat the penguins at the New England Aquarium. We also saw the lemurs at the Madagascar exhibit. They were very cute as well. But man, if you hear lemurs fighting each other, it is quite scary to hear them scream. The birds of prey exhibit was interesting as well. Those birds are enormous! What I found out was that bald eagles are not photogenic. They never look in your general direction. The polar bear was a little sad. It just laid around doing nothing. A few hours just isn't enough time to explore the entire zoo. Give yourself at least 4-5 hours.
Open 10am-5:00 (til 5:30pm holidays) Get there at 10AM sharp.  Even if it hurts, down coffee and water - you  get over it and you avoid long lines. Avoid free Wednesdays, it's TOO crowded, worth it to pay. bronxzoo.com/buy-tickets… Buy the POP ticket online, print it out, bring it with you. So with your POP ticket, you just walk straight past the line to get in and go up to the people tearing the tickets. YEAH! POP also allows you to go straight past the line to get into the Gorillas!  YEAH! So, do below first to avoid long lines later: Shuttle (take shuttle to gorillas) Congo Gorilla (do this 1st) Skyfari Wild Asia Monorail (stand in the left line) Other things you stand in line for: Butterfly Garden Children's Zoo (I was surprised how cool this was, go in even if you're an adult) Camel Rides ($5) Fordham Road Gate Entrance is the prettiest. Food runs $4-10 per person and it's all disgusting, pull it out of a freezer, feed the masses stuff. They have plenty of ice cream, drinks and pretzel carts. Plenty of bathrooms.
I'm thankful that we have a high quality zoo that takes an entire day to walk through. There are so many exhibits to see, and by the end of your trip, you'll be both mentally and physically exhausted from the miles of walking you'll do around tons of running, and the busloads of screaming children on class trips. I suppose that's one of the downsides to the experience here, and it can often get  crowded and rowdy if an exhibit doesn't require one to stand for more than a minute to spot the animal. Since admission is by donation on Wednesdays, it might be smarter to go on other days to avoid the huge crowds. It's a trade-off though, and depending on what you value more, you can plan your trip accordingly. Given that parking itself is already $15, it's probably more economical to try for a Wednesday. What's great is that the total experience ticket is only $15 on Wednesdays, as opposed to $34, which includes admission to all of the exhibits, including the special admission ones (but excludes the camel rides). I suggest bringing your own food, because the concession stands pretty much suck; and while their prices are not as outrageous as a movie theaters, everything is still insanely expensive. A .5 liter bottle of Dasani is $3, and sadly I did not find any water fountains. If they were at or near the bathrooms, then they need to put them in more accessible locations. If they don't have any at all, then they need to install them. While previous reviewers have suggested that they did not enjoy their experience as much as they could have because all the animals were sleeping, I think it's important to remember that the animals are not there to entertain you. While going to the zoo is fun, the zoo functions as a learning experience and conservation effort. The animals certainly don't give a crap about you, especially not screaming children banging on the glass.
It was my first time to the Bronx Zoo. We found the place to be clean, well organized and labeled, and well populated with healthy looking animals who didn't give me the impression that they felt overly constrained or caged compared to other zoos I've been to. They have different sections for each continent and tried to get animals of different species to coexist in the same enclosures when they would have coexisted in the wild. Overall a very pleasant and educational experience.
It's so easy to get here from the manhattan by taking the BXM11 for just $6. Drops you off right at the zoo. Tips: - DON'T come on a free Wednesday. It's a zoo in the zoo. And I'm not talking about cougars roaming around. - DON'T get food inside. I don't think it's expensive, it just tastes terrible. My Caesar salad had such dry chicken I could barely chew it. The ice cream comes were stale. I ended up eating a bag of chips for lunch.
This place is far from where I live, but as far as zoos go, this is definitely worth it.  I found that there were a ton of kids there, but adults can be big kids too.  Great place for a date!
It's actually surprisingly pleasant to find a zoo like this in Bronx.  It's much more like a zoo than the Central Park Zoo.   The monorail tour is great too.  However, I have to agree with one of the other comments that, when the zoo is crowded, it becomes a much less pleasant experience.   The first time we went there it was literally the 4th of July and the zoo felt like it was ours, which was great.  But when we went back again on a normal weekend, big mistake...
I have to give the ol BZ 5 Stars. It's just incredible.  My wife and I had not been since we were kids and it was long overdue to return. We schlepped up to da Bronx on a party cloudy day worried we wouldn't find parking or see animals.   Wednesday is suggested donation day so we gave $20 and walked in.  With a park this massive you can't possibly do it all in one day.  So we stuck to Bears,  Tigers, and the Asian Monorail and surrounding center.   It was amazing!  We saw Tigers up close and got great pictures.  We saw a polar bear hanging out and resting.  We saw Brown bears posing for the camera.  We took a ride on the somewhat outdated monorail.. but it was all great and so much fun.  The park was relatively clean even with thousands of people going through it.  If it wasn't so far from home we would return sooner.  What a great time and if you haven't been in awhile go back and visit our animal friends at the zoo!
The Bronx Zoo is an awesome place. I was there for over 5 hours and the place is so big, it wasn't even enough time to see everything! We didn't spring for the "full experience" tickets (regular priced ones were $17 as it was) so we didn't get to see some of the cool animals, like the gorillas. If you want to see the special exhibits you can either pay an extra $4-5 per exhibit or buy the full experience ticket which I think was $35-ish. But there was still enough animals to see without paying for the special exhibits. I especially liked the aardvark (digdigdig), the lemurs, and the penguins. The weather was great, and I really enjoyed the layout of the park and how it takes you down many paths with trees and flowers, so it's great to go on a nice day and actually feel like you're out of NYC for a while. The food and drinks in the park get pretty pricey but you can bring your own food/water in, which I would recommend because after walking around so much, you're not gonna want to spend $4 on a tiny bottle of Dasani. Oh, and the plethora of peacocks just walking around the zoo freely is awesome, they're everywhere.
This is is one of the best zoos I have ever been to. They have a multitude of animals from all over the place. One of my favorite animals that I think everybody should see is an okapi. They are super rare and they look like a zebra crossed with a horse. But seriously, they have everything, from a butterfly house to a flamingo exhibit to a giraffe exhibit. And they have a cafe conveniently located in the center of the park. But here's a tip: DO NOT go on Earth Day because when my family went then, it was so crowded we had to leave. And this is just my opinion, but don't go on Wednesdays either, because it's Get in Free Day, and it's PACKED. But otherwise, this zoo is the bomb!
This is an amazing place. The Congo and the Jungle World were my favorites. The price is reasonable, and get the all access pass, because it is worth the little extra. Also buy tickets online and save money.
Hard to believe this zoo is in the middle of NYC!   We've been here once a year for the past 2 years.  Beautiful property, tons of animals.  With small children, difficult to even see half of what is has to offer in a day. Camel rides are great.  Face painting is super-cute.  The gorillas are amazing.   They get so close up to you.  My only complaint is that the bathrooms need a major overhaul.  They are really dated and stinky.  Other than that, Bronx Zoo has a ton to offer.  I would compare it to Animal Kingdom in Disney, without the thrill rides.  Get ready to walk....sneakers are a must!
4.5 stars. This is THE epic NYC zoo experience.  They have all the big guns out here: lions, tigers, bears, bison, reptiles, birds, baboons, etc.  Very nice trees and foliage which provide some shade if you go on a hot summer day like I did. Favorites are the big ol bears and the tigers, who are just like a bunch of playful (and violent) catsies.  Reptile house was also awesome, an incredible collection of more turtles than nearly anyone has heard of - big, small, fast, and slow. You can get in free either on a corporate weekend day if you work for a big company or on donation Wednesdays during the day - I would suggest one of these options. Half a star off for expensive parking (~$15) and also overpriced concession stands.  Go to nearby Harlem instead after and get some world class food.
Très agréable ! Un peu cher l'entrée mais ceux qui aiment les animaux seront ravis ! Contrairement au zoo de central Park ou c'est tout pourri
I had an amazing day at the zoo today, despite all the little annoyances (screaming, running, and pushing children and lack of signage.)   While I'd love to see animals in their natural habitats, not stunted by enclosures and the grievances of human alterations, animals generally seem pleased with their lives at the Bronx Zoo. The polar bear was enjoying his cold water and toys, the tiger cubs were pouncing on their mother, and the uncaged peacocks seemed pleased on doing whatever they pleased. I love animals and gain so much more respect for the environment and conservation efforts to protect them. Please take your time at the zoo to educate yourself and family about the plight of many of these beautiful animals. I wish I knew some of the animals I wanted to see were in separate paid exhibits beforehand. You can pack and bring lunch in since its over $10 there!!
I go to the The Bronx Zoo once every month... In my opinion it is a hidden gem in a city of traffic and chaos. There is something about it that is peaceful about it, I guess it's walking around to see the Lions and Chimps and Tigers and just adorable animals that are suckers for attention. In the winter the animals are in hiding but taken really good care of, they come out sometimes. The skyfari is really scary for me because I felt like I was gonna fall off it.  the skyfari is a ski lift (enclosed) and you go over the parking lot and I was practically crying, but after a few minutes it's over.  It's a thriller ride that goes like 2 miles per hour.  Hah, funny, two days later on the news it breaks down in a thunderstorm (after I was just saying I feel it's gonna break) When you walk around the zoo each individual area makes you feel as if  you were traveling the world and different areas! I'd go to Gorillas in the Congo and Tiger Mountain sometime when it's not crowded.  People usually shove each other to get close to the glass (the tigers and gorillas are stars in the spotlight) they love to sit by the glass, and not everyone can see them because they are right in front. The people in the front all of a sudden have no concept of time and just stare for a while. Other than that, don't forget to charge your camera because you'll probably take so many pictures.  Each time I go it's like the first time, because some featured exhibits are always changing. There is a lot of walking involved so wear comfortable shoes (don't wear flipflops or flats it gets muddy) from the trams and stuff... and be prepared for all types of weather.  The food tastes decent for being zoo food, and I'd get a map of the zoo a few days before to plan out what you want to see.   The pigeons and birds like to take the food away from you at the dining area.  Hehe. The lines are pretty long for the Skyfari, the tram ride, and the Safari over the bronx river and stuff.. but it's worth it and it goes somewhat quick.  get there early and know what you want to do before you do it.. It's so interesting and i'd go every day if I could, it's really peaceful, even when it's crowded like mad. i'm a member to the zoos/gardens and it's worth the money for what you can do. sometimes you get invitations for member only events and parties and special previews for exhibits, shows, and merchandise discounts Don't feed the lions!
I'm so mad at myself for wasting money at this crappy zoo. People are packed in here like sardines. They are rude and pushy and have no regard for others. And where are the animals? I spent extra money for the "total experience". And for what? Absolutely nothing!! This place is the pits and deserves no stars! Keep your money in your pockets. Don't bother wasting it at this zoo.
We really like the Bronx Zoo and have been members for two years. I called the membership department today about an issue over the parking passes that supposedly come with membership and was treated with rudeness. The man on the phone kept repeating himself and refused to help resolve the problem. He eventually hung up on me. Now quite angry and confused at being treated this way, I called again and was told I had to speak to "headquarters." When I called the number the woman gave me, it went to same place that I had called before. The person on the phone told me that she would transfer me to "headquarters," but then the phone went dead. They hung up on me! Again! Though we enjoy the zoo, we will not renew. There are a lot of worthy organizations we can support whose staff treat people with respect. This episode today has unfortunately colored the way we think about the zoo. We love the animals, but the people we can do without.
Had a great time today at Boo at the Zoo at the Bronx Zoo. Great weather, nice and cool, chilly weather means some animals like to sit and relax in the sun. But were totally visible on the Asian Monorail ride. (Tigers, Elephants, Rhinos, plus many deers, and other animals) Not to crowded today, thought it would be way worse. Only complaint was "hot chocolate" and "hot coffee" was not "hot" nor even luke warm. Kids had a great time, they love,love,love the zoo. So if they had a great time, then I had a great time.
The other day my colleague and I visited the Bronx Zoo in order to conduct field research for our biology program.  While we were very impressed by the variety and expanse of the Bronx Zoo, there also seemed to be a lot missing that could really make this location a leader in the field of animal research. -The rhino's appeared to be a little overweight, and didn't seem to respond to our calls. I understand it was a hot day, but a little bit of interaction would have been appreciated. It was hard for us to get any data when all we could see was the rhinos' fat rear end. Perhaps a treadmill in the enclosure would do the trick, or maybe call Jenny? -Overall, the Sea Lion exhibit was nice. It was a large pool located in the scenic center of the zoo. Most of the sea lions were gracious and receptive to our work, and put on a respectable performance. However, one sea lion (and I'm sure the zoo staff know EXACTLY who I'm talking about) was extremely rude to both us and his fellow marine mammals. This particular sea lion did nothing but stick his fat ugly head out of the water and scream repeatedly. These bellows were both distracting and irritating. Clearly the other sea lions were offended and embarrassed by his behavior. At one point, another sea lion swam into the shallows to sunbath. He enjoyed scarcely a minute of peace before the aforementioned cumbersome a-hole came waddling over, shouting all the while. We recommend that the zoo staff put together some "team building" activities for the sea lions, perhaps even weekend retreat? A sit down with the troubled sea lion may also necessary, and dismissal should be considered as a last resort. -The river otters were very impressive. They were playing with rocks, climbing trees, swimming all over the freaking place. Now this is a performer that really gives 110% to their job. If only the other animals at the zoo all cared so much about entertaining their guests. - One big question, where the HELL are the hippo's? How is a scientist like myself supposed to take a zoo seriously if they don't offer at least one freaking hippo? -The polar bear was extremely languid, appearing almost unhealthy. I don't blame the performer for this- I blame his handlers. Doesn't the zoo know that POLAR bears live at the POLES, where it is COLD? It was 90 degrees and humid, obviously the poor bear was distressed, and can't be expected to give it his all in those conditions. Maybe the zoo should think about investing in a snow machine? -Where was the gender neutral bathroom? -We were extremely concerned about the Peacocks at the zoo, which seemingly have privileges that other animals don't. For example, Peacocks are allowed to roam the zoo freely, and enter other animals' exhibits. Most distressing, we spotted a peacock among some unsupervised children at the playground area. This was extremely concerning, as I'm quite sure the peacock did not undergo the fingerprinting and CORI and SORI checks necessary to work with children. As I'm sure you know, we will have to report this. -On more than one occasion we came across and exhibit and were disappointed to find...ducks. A duck pond was being passed-off as some sort of tropical lagoon, and ducks were used as "filler" animals in several other enclosures. This might fly among the "regular" visitors, but as a scientist I find it insulting. If I wanted to pay $30 for some duck, I would go to P.F. Chang's -Speaking of which, my colleague and I were disappointed to discover that the "Wild Asia" area did not even feature a Panda Express. -At Mouse House most of the exhibits were in a darkened room- as the critters featured here are nocturnal. One guest clearly misinterpreted this as some error on the part of the staff, and got out her flashlight to view the animals. No comment.   -The birds of prey were ferocious. We viewed them during feeding time, as they tore apart whole rats. It reminded me of my ex-wife, which was painful. -Our favorite animals, by far, were the gorillas. They were playful, loving, and effervescent. However, the zoo staff treated them abysmally. When feeding time came, the staff (sitting far above the exhibit) chucked large pieces of celery and apples at the gorillas faces, laughing amongst themselves the whole time. The gorillas were clearly embarrassed. In protest, these majestic apes refused to eat any food off the floor, where the majority of it landed, and begged for soft tosses into their hands. I would advise these staffers to view any version of Planet of the Apes (though the Mark Walberg one is by far superior). This may make them think twice about treating these intelligent human-like creatures with such disdain. Keep it up, and soon the tables could be turned, and we could be sitting in cages, having chunks of some gorilla's garden chucked like we were a catcher's mitt receiving Roger Clemens circa '86. Perhaps an oak dining table, full spread with plates and chairs for all primates would be more appropriate.
First of all, the last time i was here was the year the sky ride broke down (i was on it 1 week prior to it breaking down), so that was at least 5 or 6 years ago. I came here yesterday, Wednesday aka Free day where the Zoo asks for a donating but does not charge you a fee (however, you have to pay for parking... $15) I was with a group of 6... 3 adults, 2 teens 1 baby. When we got there at 12 pm the zoo was mobbed as expected. Within 2 hours most of the schools had cleared out and it wasn't as crazy as when we first got there. By 1 pm we were all hungry and happened to be in the food court area, so we made a pit stop for lunch and ate the very expensive and very unappetizing food. I had the double cheeseburger (yes double... They only serve double burgers and if you ask for a single burger you'd still have to pay the price of a double :-/). So, a double cheeseburger with fries, medium soda and a bottle of water came to $16 and change. {seriously} the burger was just a big mess and the fries were probably old or sitting out all day bc the were hard as a rock and sale. Just straight up gross. It was a gorgeous day out so the out door exhibits were much nice then the indoor ones. We went into the Madagascar exhibit (no strollers allowed) and in had to let my 16 month old walk/be carried. That was not fun, especially bc the inside was smoldering hot. I was dripping sweat by time we made it to the exit door. The aquatic bird exhibit was also pretty hot. Pros: I really enjoyed the sea lions, giraffes, grisly bears, and the random peacocks that walk around paths that pedestrians walk on. Cons: The polar bear was snoozing so we didn't get to see him. The lions and tigers were hiding so we barely got to see them... Monkey exhibit was closed (which my baby was looking forward to). The smell in the indoor exhibits were just nasty. I look forward to bringing my daughter back on a day that you have to pay and is less crowded! :)
Awww damn.  Another trip to the Bronx Zoo and I'm not going to cover up the fact that I had a lot of fun this year.  As always, the kids were excited and I love me some animals.  I can't believe I'm saying this but there are a lot of annoying kids there and nothing would make me happier than seeing a baboon or a giraffe chasing some fucking kids.  Word up.  I would pay to have the Great Adventure Safari Red-Assed Baboons chasing some kids past the sea-lion exhibit.
Born and raised in the Bronx so going to the Zoo is a yearly thing. My family and I have the zoo membership which is about 150 a year but allows you free parking and free admission anytime throughout the year and some of it is tax deductible so its a good deal. It is not the most kept up zoo going ( compared to the San Diego Zoo ) but it serves its purpose. I strongly urge anyone who is thinking of going on a Wednesday during the summer months to reconsider as its a free admission day and everyone and their mother come out and it gets too crowded and makes for a bad experience. Overall though, it's a part of the Bronx and memories are created here.
Been a member of The Bronx Zoo since I was four years old, and even today I have so much fun! It's funny how things that use to get you excited as a kid still gives you that same exhilarating feeling as an adult! The Bronx Zoo continually makes new exhibits to keep their members entertained every visit, and fun educational events that leaves me wanting to learn more. The map is very helpful, without it you can walk around lost for hours The only thing that turned me off on my last visit there was when we came across the Snow Leopard Exhibit which ironically is outside in a grassy area. A staff member designated to educate tourists came up and asked me if I knew where Snow Leopards originated from. Just giving her a polite smile she responded " The Himalayas, they love the cold".... well if they love the cold why are they outside in the 90 degree heat? Her response was pretty astonishing considering their whole emphasis is creating natural habitats for their animals " We have no room to create that type of exhibit so they adapt to this one" Wow... after that answer I had no interest in receiving any more answers from their tour guides, I mean they are an amazing Establishment from our point of view but from the animal's, I am almost certain the feeling is not mutual
The day I came here it was 98-100+ degrees but the multitude of green and trees made the air feel like it was in the 70's. That was such a sweet relief. Now for the attractions. I did not manage to see everything, which in a way is a plus! This zoo is so huge that you can spend a whole day here. The animals were adorable, interesting and some smelly (coughbisoncough). The reptile house was really cool, who knew there were so many variations of something like a turtle? I will be back.
Ok I have been going to the Bx Zoo for years since my days as a tot as my dads company used to supply the drinks for the park and also on school trips. The park as made some major improvements. Most notable with the the bathrooms. The are not green or eco friendy and clean. Some exhibits are more updated than what I remember but some are not. I questioned how can you have a eagle with a 6 foot wing span in such a tiny enclosure. Heck I asked the guide would you like staying in your room if that small. I get a blank look eagle has more personality than he did. The peacocks were a bunch of hawkers for food that was so funny to see them pose for a treat, Parents remember these things are wildlife I now they seem to have better manner than some of your kids but they are still wild. Ok we all know its the truth lol. I wish they ahd exhibits that showed how man and animal are connected or important to one another to survive also. I was at a zoo in Hong Kong and they had a lil audio guide that assisted. Some of the info the guides were giving was so wrong as I listened. They seemed to get offended if you questioned them lol. Seriously if you go to the park wear comfy shoes and look at packing your own food the food here are like most venues or amusement parks overpriced  fried  or salty crap. I went on Good Friday it was a bit crowded and for the life of me I do not know why they did not have more shuttles running. There was about a 30 min wait and as we shuttle past they had 4 shuttles just parked they could have used. Also I know its hard to be friendly warm or smile all the time but dam have these worker go thru some training or something. Folks are paying almost 30usd for the total experience and companies have paid millions to support this zoo. I will say also do not get the total experience it is not worth the upcharge in my opinion. I had not kids and the Dora line was over 35min wait. Only think I did use was the shuttle which was a waste as I could have walked faster as of the delays for it. Camel ride is an additional cost also. Just get the basic ticket walk thru zoo find a rock not far from the Madagascar section and make a nice picnic.
My husband's union provides free tickets to the Bronx Zoo so we took advantage of them this past Sunday.  It was a gorgeous August day, breezy and not too hot. We arrived around 10:40 and was able to get free street parking right in front of the entrance.  We were ready to pay for the $15 pricey parking lot so lucky for us to have found a free spot. The tickets for full experience (includes all exhibits and rides except for the camel ride) costs around $36.  The no frills ticket costs around $16 but you don't get to see anything with that unless you want to pay as you go which just gets kind of annoying (lining up for tickets at each activity).  We haven't been to the Bronx Zoo in at least 10 years so it's definitely a sticker shock at how everything costs SO MUCH. My son, who is now 1.5 years old LOVES animals so we thought (hoped!) this was something he enjoyed. Plus, we are going on a big trip at the end of September and really just wanted to test the waters with him in terms of waiting on lines, walking around, taking part in rides, etc. At around 12pm we decided to have lunch and didn't have any problems with lines or finding tables.  Lunch is definitely pricey - around $12 for a meal which includes an entree (burger, chicken fingers or hotdog, fries and a drink) and $8 for a kids meal (tenders, pb&j or turkey sandwich and fries or apple slices and a drink plus a keepsake little bag).  You can buy a la carte but obviously that costs even more.  The best thing about the zoo is that there are no restrictions on what you can bring so we saw plenty of people with small coolers of their own food. Not for us since we hate carrying so much but with admission costs, I'm sure it's a big money saver to bring food yourself. The bathrooms are atrocious and there is only one changing table in the women's restrooms which is always cause for a big lineup.  I just ended up having hubby change our son since there was no line in the men's bathroom.  This is a strategy we will take with us when visiting Tokyo Disney in 6 weeks. He loved the monorail where we got to see lots of animals, the bug carousel and even the 4D Ice Age mini movie. We'll definitely come back since we can get free tickets and since my son loves animals so much!
Great Zoo with a lot to offer. I still prefer Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa over the Bronx but still exceptional in its own way.
I have always loved zoos and I was so looking forward to seeing the Giant anteater last time I went.  But to my amazement I did not see any anteaters at the Bronx zoo which was a bit of a dissapoint me until I got to see the aardvark.  What an amazing digging creature, I must have watched the aardvark for 20 minutes as he/she dug and dug and dug.  I have never seen an animal that loved to do something so trivial so much, clearly the aardvark is enjoying life digging. The zoo is laid out very well, exceptionally clean, and pretty hilly (you will be worn out if you spend a full day here in the heat).  I've been to quite a few zoos in my life and this is certainly one of the higher ranking ones, its proximity to Arthur Ave. only makes it that much better...it might be expensive at $17 for an adult ticket though its fully worth it!
It's a zoo.  It's free (suggested donation really).  Go.  It's a ZOO.
My gosh! I think people underestimate how much less they'll enjoy a zoo if the temperature outside is 90F! I visited in the summer in mid-July. I took a looong train ride to the Bronx, sitting awkwardly among (mostly) black people commuting to work. As a tourist traveling around solo, the ride was a little alarming. The zoo itself is not that near the train stop. I walked in the hot sun and got to the zoo already beading up with perspiration. The Bronx Zoo is supposed to be the best zoo in NYC, and I generally tend to agree with that. The highlight of my trip was the Wild Asia Monorail. I love me my monorails, and I love animals, so it was a cool ride that was mostly fruitful with lots of animal sightings. I'll never forget seeing the elephants. My second favorite animal at this zoo was the red panda! It looks like a furry-faced fox and it was just hanging out in a tree. I also enjoyed seeing the tigers. They're totally adorable and exotic. I didn't care so much for the madagascar portion because those animals are weird. The World of Birds exhibit was cute, but there's a similar exhibit at the Honolulu Zoo so I was a little less impressed than average. If you visit the Bronx Zoo, make sure you allocate plenty of time, maybe half a day. It's hard to set a time limit, as I did, and expect to feel fully immersed, but if you're stingy and spend less time on the animals you can see at your local zoo then it's doable in a couple of hours. Unfortunately it was quite hot when I went. There is a shuttle that circles the park, but it's not as efficient if you're on a schedule and want to go out of order. It might be worth it to take a break at the zoo's food court. Sitting down to drink and maybe eat a little will be a good break for your feet.
It's a zoo.  As long as there are animals, can you really go wrong? I've been here a couple times...actually came here on a second date once, which was fun and different.  It's "free" on Wednesdays (they ask you to donate).  Way up in Brooklyn, but worth the trip and you won't even feel like you're in the city after stepping foot in there.  A little bit of everything to see and you'll have fun whether you're young or old.  Just watch out for the little kids on school/camp trips.  You can't escape them.
Gotta love the corporate weekend! Free admission through my wife (she gets in for free and can take three others). A zoo that's really well maintained and green as far as the eye can see in the middle of a city! Well done. Fantastic assortment of animals, including plenty of exotics. We opted out of the total experience package (unlimited entry into all the attractions and rides) and the only exhibit we really missed was the gorillas. Fortunately the animals were in quite an active mood (must have been the lovely weather). We saw galloping gazelles, running rhinos, battling bears and beastly bison to name a few. Great for kids (it was like stroller city this weekend) and adults too and with good weather it makes a great day out! It was a busy weekend, but never seemed overcrowded (except the 5 min parking line to enter) as it's such a huge place and well spaced. The negatives: 1. Exorbitant parking fees - $15 2. Exorbitant food and drink costs inside the zoo (definitely worth bringing a picnic as there are plenty of spots to sit and eat) 3. Poor signposting throughout the park (the signs are too small and too many on each post) - just make sure you get a map on the way in and you'll be fine.
After an exciting day of trying to get to Pennsylvania from Queens and turning around due to ridiculous traffic on the 78, (one lane, really??) I decided to meet up with coworkers at the zoo. Upon arriving I went to park in the Bronx River lot. The angel who was working there let me park free as I had arrived at 3:30 an hour before closing. Yet another one of God's children let me through the park free. Spent way longer that I would have liked to trying to find my friends, but after that fast forward to plenty of peacocks and the GORILLAS. Best part of the whole experience. Had to pay for it since I didn't have a ticket, but for only $7 it was worth it. Friend tried taking a picture with one herself. Went to help and the distraught gorilla walked away giving me the dirtiest look I've ever received, which of course was hilarious to everyone around. All in all, a good time and great way to pass time during the day wth friends or family.
For being one of the bigger zoos on the east coast, I thought there weren't enough animals here. Lots of walking space between exhibits for humans, but the cages for the animals were kind of small. They really should have thought about the set up differently. Seeing a polar bear outside in the humid heat of NY summers didn't seem right. The one cool thing about this place was how they had peacocks freely roaming everywhere. Almost like they were pigeons without the thought of them being full of diseases. I also liked the safari tram. However, didn't see many animals. But it's nice for the safari animals to have all that space to roam. Sucks for the caged animals though.
For a business entirely based on animals this zoo is not pet friendly. Not would they refund my tickets after not allowing my dog. I encourage all animal lovers to support businesses that are ACTUALLY animal friendly.
The Bronx Zoo! By: Cristina V****-******. The Bronx Zoo!  A zoo is a place were people see animals.  If you like animals very much and you want to learn more about animals... Read this review!!!  But, be careful because some people are alergec to animals! The Bronx Zoo! The Bronx Zoo is sooooooooooo fun and soooooooooooooooo cool! The Bronx Zoo! I think The Bronx Zoo is awesome!  And good to see animals!  It's so fun!  When I went with my family they were so surprised!  I give it 5 stars up! The Bronx Zoo is better than ... The central park zoo! This is a panda!  A panda is a bear that eats bamboo! A panda is a animal too! This panda is black and white! Here's a tip, you probably would want to take the subway to get there because it will save time. Beware when you get to the bronx zoo you might not want to leave because its super cool!  Don't get to close to the animals because they might bite. The Bronx Zoo is in the bronx. These are animals at the zoo.  Giraffes, pandas, Hippo's, Lions, Monkeys, Elephants, snakes, penguins, sea lions!  And more! Let's go!!! Let's go!!! Let's go!!! To the Bronx Zoo!!! Did you go? Did you like it? Cristina V-B.  -6 years old.
You will want to set aside an entire day for the Bronx Zoo.   It is HUGE.  The Bronx Zoo exceeded my expectations.  I took my trip the first week in June.  The weather was comfortable and the crowds weren't heavy.  The total experience ticket is well worth the price (even if you don't plan on riding the bug carousel.)  Public transportation to the zoo is made easy by taking the BxM11.  It drops you off and picks you within a block from the zoo entrance.  Bring walking shoes.
This has got to be a childhood favorite spot!  Now that I live so far from NYC I have to drive to the zoo with traffic & parking totally sucking!  Parked my brand new car in the zoo parking lot and came back to a big ass scratch on my new car (3 months old). Pet peeves aside, this is in my opinion the best zoo I've ever been to.  The children's zoo hasn't changed much in 30 years since I was a kid and it's just as fun for my kids to enjoy.  The zoo is massive and if you live in the NYC area you'd be foolish not to get the zoo membership for the family to visit the 4-5 NYC area zoos with that membership. I definitely would prefer public transportation to this zoo but if you have no choice be ready for traffic (not always terrible but often enough) and poor parking unless you pay the premium for zoo parking.
MADAGASSCAR! how 'bout a little bit of no! ok now, so the bronx zoo (my place of work) recently opened up a new exhibit in the beautiful lion house buildning. thats about the only nice thing Madagasscar! has to offer. not to say it is a god awful exhibit, because it's not. but for all the work, effort, and time that was put into it, it is definately lackluster. the Madagasscar project was 10, TEN! years in planning, 3 years in the making. but all it has to offer are a shit load of lemurs (pronounced lee-mers, im sick of ppl calling them le mures) fossas that you can only see if your timing is right,  and random frogs that can be seen anywhere in the zoo. things sorta neat to see: two 16 foot crocs, and the closet of cockroaches, Madagasscar! cockroaches. but then again, to each their own. so go check it out if you are curious and remember, to save yourself the heartache, leave your stroller parked in the back and dont bring food in(we are kind of strict about that). other wise enjoy! hopefully
Excellent Zoo   Beautiful Grounds  A Must See For All I have a long memorable history of visiting one of the Nations largest zoos and enjoyed the evolution from the "caged exhibits" to animals being housed in more natural habitats. Now the Bronx Zoo is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums, offering an educational experience to it's visitors second to none in the unique environment of the inner city. History The zoo originally called the Bronx Zoological Park opened to the public on November 8, 1899, featuring 843 animals in 22 exhibits. Fordham University owned the land which became the Bronx Zoo and New York Botanical Gardens. Today the Bronx Zoo is home to more than 4,000 animals of 650 species, many of which are endangered or threatened. Comprised of 265 acres of park lands and habitats, through which the Bronx River flows this wonderful open space is a treasure. Once farmland named after Jonas Bronck, who was the first recorded European settler in the area now known as The Bronx. Bronck leased some of the land from the Dutch West India Company and bought additional tracts from the local tribes. The native Lenape Indians were progressively displaced after 1643 by the steady influx of settlers to the area. Bronck eventually accumulated 500 acres between the Harlem River and the Aquahung, which became known as Bronx's River. After many years of rural farming and a secession of ownership, Fordham University sold the land to the City of New York for only $1,000. The sale was under the conditions that it be used for a zoo and garden; this was in order to create a natural buffer between the university grounds and anticipated urban sprawl. Today the Bronx is the third most densely populated county in America with about 25% being open space! Thanks to the fact that in the 1880s New York State set aside the land for future development as parks. In 1895, New York State chartered the Wildlife Conservation Society for the purpose of founding the zoo we know today. Forget about the free admission and pay your share to support this iconic location!
Free on Wednesdays but can be crowded, its huge and its a full day to check it out.
This place is HUGE.  We were here for 5 hours and still unable to see everything. There is greenery and peacocks EVERYWHERE.  It's hard to believe you're still technically in NYC.   Bring your own food (cheaper and better tasting!).   Get the all-inclusive pass - it's worth it (I do have to say, though, the Dinosaur Safari was slightly disappointing).
They take away all the animals about 45minutes before closing to get you out of there. If you go, pay the full experience price (like 27 bucks) otherwise u can't see most exhibits unless u wanna pay $5 more each one.. a bit misleading. I wasn't particularly impressed with the number of animals on display or the way things were laid out..
I went here today. Pretty boring...more walkways and overgrown brush around the walkways then seeing any animals. The giraffes were laying down, the deer were laying down, the bison were sleeping. The Peacock was making some noises, the tigers were sitting. Only thing I saw interesting was the polar bear playing with a ball, hah. It looks like they re-did it sometime ago. Because I re-call coming here on a school field trip in third grade and it was a lot more interesting and bigger. Thought this was a famous zoo but its just boring. Too many fee's. Probably wont return again.
Zoos can not get any better than the Bronx Zoo.  It is an oasis in the midst of chaos.  Spring and summer are great time to visit the zoo.   It takes joy and pride for each person working in the zoo and with the animals that inhabit it.  I just hope that they can get the full support of the local government especially on funding.  Try to take the aerial rides since this is a huge park.  It took me another day to just explore the magnitude of the island.  If you live in NYC, you do not have to travel that far to find a perfect zoo!
Let me say this now: This is the best zoo to which I have ever been.  Hands down.  Go ahead, laugh at me and tell me all about San Diego.  Go ahead, I'll wait............. Ok, done?  Good.  No, I am not a zoo expert and I haven't been to very many but my family and I loved our time at the Bronx Zoo.  We were on vacation this past summer and made a day of the trip to the zoo and it was so much fun.  From Times Square, we caught the train and were dropped off a couple of blocks from the zoo.  No parking hassles and a short walk to the zoo.  Easy peasy.  The minute you walk into the zoo, you almost forget that you are smack dab in the middle of the city.  It's peaceful and quiet and you feel removed from that setting.   I wish I had written this review closer to our trip so I could recount some of the details but you can find those in other reviews.  I just know that we spent the entire day at the zoo and probably could have stayed a little longer if allowed.  It's huge and has a great variety of exhibits and animals.  I believe we went on a Tuesday and the crowd wasn't bad at all.  Like others have said, go all in for the "Total Experience" which allows you to do everything in the zoo.  Yeah, it's 30 bucks or so but it beats having to explain to your kids why they can't go on the tram or into a few of the exhibits.  Plus, those exhibits house some of the best animals.     If you are in the city for vacation with the family and your kids enjoy the zoo, be sure to add this to your vacation itinerary.  Our time at the zoo created memories that my kids are still talking about four months later.  It's worth the time!
There is not too much here considering the size of their zoo but I guess you have to take into consideration the fact that it is in NYC. I don't think they had an dolphins, but there are lions, giraffes, a butterfly garden, gorillas...the only other thing I didn't like about it was that you had to pay extra to see certain things. I thought that was kinda cheap.
Bronx Zoo - I was actually teetering on three stars and then I thought to myself I'm in the middle of the Bronx yo. So, boom, four stars. My problem - the 30,000 school children there screaming, swearing, what have you. Can you please make a day that is non schools only? So tourists and peops like myself trying to enjoy a nice quiet day at the zoo can actually do so? Highlights - Happy, the elephant. The tram is pretty bad ass. The gorillas are awesome. San Diego Zoo is way better, just saying. It was a beautiful fall day so I enjoyed walking around and the $14 we paid was well worth it but, dear zoo lord, please make Wed or Fridays or some day during the week non huge group days. Pro tip: Head to Arthur Ave after for some amazingly authentic Italian food and ambiance.
I was born not to far from the zoo and I can always remember going every Wed. (when it used to be free!).  Not living so close has made me want to go more than ever! I always remember the petting zoo portion that they would have set up and the huge outdoor exhibits and how they ALWAYS had newborn animals!!!! I always loved riding on the little cable car (even though you were sure to get stuck in the air for at least 5min every time)! It prob. is the largest zoo in the tri-state area.  The zoo is well maintained and has something entertaining for people of all ages! What I especially like about the BX Zoo is that it is really in the heart of the Bronx.  Since the Zoo is soo big they have various exits.  On one side you can get out on Arthur Ave and visit the tons of little Italian places which all have great food, then there is a part where you can literally cross the street to the Botanical Garden and right around the corner is Fordham Univ. I love the zoo, and I can't wait to go back!
Visiting the zoo is one of my favorite things to do in NYC. It is a slight trek from Manhattan but public transportation is available for those without car access. The Mx11 express bus takes you from the city to the zoo and picks you up from the zoo too. They only accept pre-paid MTA cards though ($6/trip) and not unlimited. Via subway, the 2 stops near the zoo. It's about an 8 minute walk from the zoo entrance. The best time to visit is definitely when the weather is moderate. During the colder months, some animals may be taken indoors for their own protection.  The monorail was closed when we visited in March and it was one of the highlights of our last visit. Bring your walking shoes because you will be doing a lot of walking if you want to see everything.  The surroundings are extremely beautiful with trees and green - quite a change in scenery if you just left Manhattan. There's also extra stuff you pay for like a 4D adventure, JungleWorld and Bug Carousel but the price is reasonable. If you skip it, there are plenty of other animals to view and enjoy. The staff is extremely personable and friendly.
It amazes me that a place like this can still exist in the middle of NYC in this day and age. Its so big you need a full day to do everything. One of the nicer zoos I have been to. You can get up close with many animals. You definitely have to do the monorail, even if it costs extra.
Love it!  Great place for the whole family.
Welcome to the Bronx Zoo and i'm not talking some of those clowns you see in Dolphin Fitness who belong behind a cage. Very famous Zoo, they always seem to have some type of unique animal or something going on when i go to this place. Most of my memories are child hood memories of running around seeing all the cool animals and obviously i think i'm always captivated by the aquarium and the aquatic animals for some reason water and the beauty and complexity of aquatic fish just does it for me. Its a zoo with wildlife , come on people what's not to love!! I hope they still have the Koala's around, you have to love the Koala wallaaaaa's!
The Bronx Zoo is a wonderful place to visit. I forgot what it feels like to be a kid again and the excitement of seeing the lions or a gorillas. The most important thing is to get there early because you won't be able to see everything. This place is huge and unless you just walk through the whole park, you won't be able to enjoy a full day at the zoo if you get there late.
This is a typical inner-city zoo.  I had heard such great things about this zoo that when we had guests from out of state we took them on up to the Bronx to see the zoo. It's easy to get to via subway which is awesome.  The zoo is a bit dated but the animals appeared well taken care of and in excellent health.  I was happy to see that.  It is, however, quite a typical zoo...a more intimate experience can be had at the Central Park Zoo but they don't have such a wide variety of animals as the Bronx Zoo does!
Monkies, Giraffes, Seals, Snakes, Tigers, Camels - Ahhhhhhh!!!!!   I've lived in NYC for 4 years but never made it here. Finally on Sunday, I did. The GORRILLAS ARE AMAZING ! ! Did you know they share 98% of our DNA?   Other things I learned: Elephants can reach up to 8,000 pounds!  8,000, imagine it!!! Black bears and grizzlies are one in the same. Polar bears are the most vicious. Peacocks are badass. When a tiger and a lion mate, they create a liger. And yeah, it's gigantic (largest cat in the world) - youtube.com/watch?v=1zOW… Bring your walking shoes, you're in for a hike!
We took our grandson to the Bronx Zoo on Saturday. It was a day we will never forget. We got there early (key) and we went to the tram in Asia first which was a good idea. There wasn't a line at that time. The ride was great and we saw many animals along the way. We went to see most of the sites such as Tiger Mountain, the Sea Lions, the giraffes, the Polar Bears and the Grizzly Bears. My grandsons favorite thing to do was the camel ride with his grandma. I took some outstanding pictures. We also took our own lunch and snacks. Overall, we all had an incredible day. As Simon and Garfunkel said, "Someone told me it's all happening at the zoo" and it was on Saturday...
Words do not describe how excited I was to go to the zoo this weekend; I woke up every hour on the hour the night before.  My first experience at this zoo was not the best.  I dragged my little sis there last spring and to our surprise saw NO animals and a ton of construction.  It was like standing on a Michigan highway!! So you can imagine my shock and disappointment to return during peak zoo times to discover yet again NO animals.   The ploy is they get you into the zoo for a flat fee and you have unlimited access to the shops and restaurants but to actually see any of the good animals, you have to pay more $$.  My friend and I ended up shelling out $25 each to see a sick lion, 100,000 species of birds, and a pair of jungle rats doing it.  And my souvenir?  A bad case of pink eye from the masses of children running around!   We did get a great idea out of the whole thing.  21+ Zoo Hours.  The gist would be unlimited drinks served by monkeys AND you would get to watch all the ferocious animals feed/stalk live prey!! (Pls contact me if you are interesting in pursuing this idea)
I love the zoo. So huge you could get lost. Alot attractions including a jungle. Special horse carriage rides in winter are a must in spring the butterflies come alive. Parking is about 3to dollars but I love this place so much I became a member. Free parking for members plus discounts on food and souvenirs.
Wow...I didn't even pay money to go here and I want my money back. I came last Saturday because it was my company's (along with just about every other mid to large corporation's) corporate weekend.  I had been excited about going to the zoo all week and the weather, while a little chilly, was being very cooperative. After almost an hour on the train and a 5 minute walk and we unknowingly approached the gates of hell*.  The lines here should have given an indication of what was to come.  With 3 of the windows open and about 3 groups ahead of us, the wait to buy tickets was about 20 minutes.  When I got to the window, I kind of felt like I was checking in at the airport. "I'm here for the corporate weekend...?" *clickity-clackity click click click click click* "How many tickets?" *tippity-tappity type type type type* "What company?" *rustle rustle shuffle shuffle* "Here are your tickets." Was all of that really necessary?  Were you writing the next great American novel between ticket purchases?  I'm confused.  Get to the gate and there's another wait.  Why does it take so long to scan a couple tickets?  Oh yeah, you're probably severely underpaid and couldn't care less. There are plenty of animals in the zoo.  Some are caged and some are not.  Aside from the wild, free-range children and absent minded parents that seem to run amok, the most prolific animal was the peacock.  There must have been about 80 of these guys just roaming around, begging park-goers for food. The most impressive exhibit is definitely the Tiger area.  Separated by a (hopefully) strong piece of glass, the tigers can walk right up put on an impressive show for you.  However, the allotted area is way too small for an exhibit as popular as tigers.  I started feeling claustrophobic and wondering whether the tigers or the people were the caged ones.   While not so impressive, the tapir really stole my heart that day.  I had never seen one before and its size surprised me and its coloring reminded me of some of the "wildlife" in bikinis at Coney Island.  Tapir, you made my day.  I declare you the coolest animal at the Bronx Zoo. My favorite exhibit ended up being the bird building which is sort of out of the way and up a rather steep hill.  This probably kept a lot of people away which was JUST FINE with me at this point.  I was so sick of random clumps of people congregating and not moving (What is this? Times Square?!).  But aside from being peaceful, the concrete building has some very interesting lines.  Sex-y! So overall, at this point, the park is running at about 3 stars. Minus 1 star because there were several very cool exhibits that they charge extra for.  Totally ridiculous.  I mean, charge everyone an extra $5 and let everyone in to all the exhibits.  I'm pretty sure it would all balance out.  It made me really bitter that there were off limit areas.  I'm sure I would've been even more annoyed if I had paid for general admission. Minus 1 star for the way they handled problems.  Long story short, the monorail attraction broke down and they offered refunds to people who bought single-attraction tickets for the monorail.  People who bought the upgraded tickets decided they also deserved a refund and got in line and refused to move, thus preventing the rest of us from get our refunds.  I was so frustrated and angry at both the people who worked there and the people who were holding up the line, that I audibly wished this woman (who was standing with her child) to be struck by lightning**.  It was so bad that the NYPD were called and people were forced to leave the line and the park.  This situation could have been totally avoided if the management had simply set down a firm policy regarding refunds for the monorail ride rather than trying to take things "case by case".   A total debacle and ruined an otherwise tolerable day at the zoo. ------------- * General admission to hell is about $17.  An upgraded, all-access pass is about $30. ** Please let me know if you hear about a JP Morgan employee being struck by lightening.  I want to point and laugh at her.
It is hard to review a place where I went often as a child - my first visit there was when I was a 5-month-old baby. I've been back so many time and love it.
I think this is a great zoo. It's a huge park like setting and that makes it fun to walk around (but it's big so bring shoes that are good for walking). Exhibits are not all close together and there's lots of walking in between. The family pass is totally worth it if you have a family with kids. It gets you a lot...and admission to five different places (zoos, aquarium). The best deal if you don't have the pass is probably the Total Experience pass. It includes all the extras. I haven't done them all but the gorilla forest is extra and it's worth seeing! Plus if you get lazy you can ride the shuttle thing. You can bring food and drinks here which I would suggest, especially on a hot day. The food there isn't very exciting and is overpriced.
love love love wear comfortable shoes - lots of walking!!! its so big, its hard to see all the exhibits that they have in one day. ps. the food is way over priced here - cheeseburger, fries and drink combo was like 12.
One year later, I'm now a card carrying member who lives across the street from my beloved zoo, so I figured it was time for an update. First of all, I'm gonna take some time to gloat about the wonders my membership allows me; -Free entry and parking to the BZ for myself and a friend -All special exhibits, rides and shuttles are gratis (except for the Camel Rides, which are $5) -10% off all purchases made in the BZ -Free admission into the Central Park Zoo, Prospect Park Zoo, Brooklyn Aquarium, and the Queens Zoo (who knew they had one?) Bragging aside, I love this place for the simple reason that it combines learning with fun and exercise (walking around the BZ over the course of a day racks up serious mileage, so put your Fitflops/MBT on). I have yet to experience an exhibit that wasn't insightful, interactive and interesting...and I'm here at least once a month. Since I no longer am under 4 feet (nor do I want to be the creepy giant child who got stuck in the gopher hole playground), obviously the Children's Zoo is beyond comment - but best believe as soon as I get my hand on a toddler (be it my own or a friend's) I'm going back. My favorite attribute of the zoo would probably be the feral peacocks roaming around - it's a nice change to the squirrels and pigeon turf-wars I usually witness on the streets. The only reason I'm deducting a star is for false advertising for not being as handicap and family-friendly as the website would have you believe. Since the BZ is open year-round, many of its visitors (especially this summer and fall) that's I've seen have been families with children in strollers or wheelchairs, however the BZ's geography is not compatible *AT ALL* for people with wheels. I can't imagine how nerve-racking it must be, when trying to help your wheelchair bound child use one of the public restrooms with dignity because there aren't any wide handicap stalls with handrails and raised toilets. -Or attempting to change a baby's diaper without an actual changing table and safety straps -Or constantly having to ask strangers for help, because you need help  carrying your stroller/wheelchair to the top of the stairs on the winding trails. I want to give you 5-star lovin', BZ, but please get on my level and check out the American with Disabilities Act or something - learning + fun should never equal a struggle for certain individuals.
I grew up in the Bronx and loved going here.   Tried to bring my kids here as often as possible when we were in the city.  So much to see and learn. Has to be one of the best kept Zoos in the country.   Not cheap though.  It will add up quickly.  Go on Wednesday if you can when it's only a donation to get in the gate.   Weekends fill up too fast and you may have to park in the street in not there by 11 am.
Mia the Cobra can't be blamed for her behavior.  Were I to live in this zoo, I'd want to get out and see the rest of it as well.  But it's a pretty intimidatingly large zoo.  So, if I had gotten out, you'd probably find me cowering in a back room around my enclosure as well.  While no one knows her exact whereabouts during the time she was missing, if she ever does escape again, I would highly recommend that she visit the following highlights to avoid being completely overwhelmed: - Mouse House: While it would provide her with an ample amount of food, the real reason is that it's amazingly complete.  They have a light room and a dark room for each rodent's sleeping habits so they're all very active.  And those little buggers are fast.  I'd be far more worried about them escaping. - Sea Lion Pond: While it looks like an ordinary fountain in the middle of the park, the fact that there are sea lions swimming around is amazing. - Tiger Mountain: The kitties in this well laid out exhibit (which includes a lot on how they are being saved in the wild) are an active bunch.  Their multiple enclosures are huge and include a set of three cubs that were just born last year.  A baby snake carousing with a baby tiger could be an internet sensation! While some of the other animals did prove elusive, it was for a good reason.  Instead of putting their larger animals in small enclosures, they use their acres of space to let them roam relatively unencumbered.  Those critters who are confined to houses get to have very historic digs.  And the original ornate marking and sculptures are as interesting as the animals themselves. The only negative is that a lot of the exhibits are not included in the base price of $16 (worth it!).  Most of these extras are aimed at the kids though, so grownups can avoid the $29.95 total experience with a request at the ticket office.  To also get away a little on the cheap, there is plenty of street parking outside the Asia Gate on the south side of the zoo.   In fact, this is actually one of the few places I'd recommend driving to in New York City.  That's probably why the zoo's famous snake didn't explore the other boroughs.  Since she can't drive, taking public transportation to or from here would have taken her forever.
First of all, unless it's Wednesday and you have some amazing shoes on, don't go. My boyfriend and I went on a Wednesday which is "free day" (with a donation) at the zoo. So if you go, give the minimum because that's what they're giving you. I'd first like to say that I have not been to a zoo in a REALLY long time. I think it was a zoo in San Francisco that I went to last and that was maybe 10 years ago... So when I got to THIS zoo I had high expectations. There were lots of people and the map was huge! It made it seem like there were a lot of things to see. I'll start out with the good. The prices for good/drinks(fountain)/gift shop items were fair enough. Nothing there would have broken the bank or hurt the wallet to buy a thing or two for kids. I bought two dino plushies for around $30 ($15 each) and I am very happy with them. Sadly, the dinosaur plushies were cheaper than the regular animals by quite a lot (I wanted a giraffe plushie but one a bit bigger than my dinos and it was $30). They are very loose with the food policies (I saw a lot of coolers) but there isn't much to eat around the park (a McD was all I saw) so I would bring food if you don't plan on buying. Sadly, that's all the good stuff I had about the park, the rest was a drag. The first thing we (my boyfriend and I) noticed was how many of the animals are in doors! Sorry, take a poorly air conditioned building (they are made to fit the different environments so the rain forest was the worst) and shove it with dozens of animals and add tons of babies, young children, and adults...doesn't sound fun, right? We hated it. Many animals were not in view or there were just a lot of people there and made it hard to see. The buildings aren't made for more than 100 people to easily go through them and it just sucked badly for when we did get caught in the crowds. The buildings are not that big either so the animals don't have much running around room. Some I would say were as big as a complete bathroom, if not smaller. And it's not just one or two species they keep in there, we saw as many as 7 species in one container. Seriously the biggest animals were kept indoors (I saw a rhino and a giraffe inside a building.) That said, their animal enclosures were sadly small. They had birds of prey that were kept in small cages next to each other (connected more or less). These birds sat in one place mostly and just stared at you as if you could help the fact that they were being kept there. They were Bald Eagles, Condors, Vultures, and owls! They were roughly two to a cage and did not have much flying room at all. It was hard to watch. Many of those animals are vastly endangered and they aren't doing better in those cages. Our next complaint would be how many animals were MIA. I get it, animals can do what they want but the enclosures (kinda small) were done up in such a way to where seeing the animals could be impossible (if not just very very hard) because it would be laying just out of view. This wasn't just one animal. All of the wild cats were very hard to see. I have been to zoos and they be sleeping (and I'm very much okay with that) but not sleeping out of sight. The biggest complaint we have (and this was the reason we ended up leaving) was the way the shuttle operated. The park is HUGE so to see it all and not murder our feet completely, we paid $3 a person for this shuttle. We wanted to go around the entire park to see the giraffes and other animals we were trying to get to but that is not what ended up happening. After a not-so-scenic route around half the park, the workers MADE us get out. Seriously, people were still sitting down in the car and they were like "You have to leave and get back in line if you want to ride it again." So people left and got back into line but the line was LONG and with only 3 shuttles going at a time, it would be an hour wait for you at LEAST to get on one. So the shuttle ride was in two parts and didn't even have us seeing a lot of the park other than the people walking. The total time to walk the park is maybe 2-3 hours depending on the person. My boyfriend and I were there for 3 hours before we left.  He was sad because this was something we looked forward to for an entire year (I visit the east coast yearly) and it was such a huge let down. I would have much rather went to Central Park or the Museum of Natural History (again) than come back here. At least at the Museum I could have gotten to SEE the animals. All in all, I feel like the Bronx Zoo needs a total re-do and they need to think more about the care of their animals. If they provided more space they would have more to do than sleep all day. I'm not a zoo hater, caged animals are fine but give them space to BE ANIMALS. I feel like they don't know what to do with the vast amount of space they have and they could have made it amazing with better planning. Great place to take the kids. Bad place if you want to see animals.
In the midst of a bustling concrete city, you have a oasis of fantastic creatures living and roaming amongst a natural backdrop of sprawling green plains, trees, and marshland. The wild life of the world is brought to you and you have the opportunity to view these curious beasts only for the price of an admission ticket. I've visited the Bronx Zoo several times and since it's been a while since my bf, friend, and I have been there we decided to make the trip to the zoo once again. When we visited the zoo on pay-as-you-wish Wednesday we arrived to find a long line in front of the parking booth. We were flabbergasted as to why we had to wait so long to get through. It turns out that some inconsiderate people absolutely had to ask questions about total experiences tickets and so on, making us other cars wait. We paid for the parking and received tickets for admission without paying a donation. No one even asked us to make a donation. -PARKING Cars can park for $14 during weekdays and $15 during weekends. Buses park for $16 every day. -  HOURS Mon-Fri 10 am - 5 pm Sat-Sun 10 am - 5:30 pm -ADMISSION PRICE General Admission: Adult  $16.95 Child (Ages 3-12)  $11.95 Senior (65+)  $14.95 Total Experience Admission: Includes admission price plus unlimited access to the special rides and attractions available on the day of your visit. Adult  $29.95 Child (Ages 3-12)  $19.95 Senior (65+)  $24.95 You can always pay for the special exhibits or show a la cart. The Congo Gorilla Forest is the best par of the zoo for me and the Wild Asia Monorail is a great way to see some animals throughout the zoo. The price for these are under $10, but I feel that they should be included with your general admission. -PAY AS YOU WISH WEDNESDAY Admission is pay as you wish all day on Wednesdays. Suggested donation is $16 for adults, $12 for children, and $14 for seniors. Total Experience Admission on Wednesday  is $12.95. -PAY AS YOU WISH CROWDS I felt that there were more wild animals running a muck throughout the zoo than the ones behind the metal bars. Kids were hyped up with the excitement of seeing wild life, screaming at the various creatures to be more active, bumping into our legs, and etc. I've been to the Bronx Zoo numerous times and the best times is during the less crowd dense days where you can stroll around and see the animals in a more relaxed setting.  However, not having to pay $16.95 per person is really great. -CRAP FOOD Bad overpriced food. Bring a bag and fill it with lunch and drinks so you can spare yourself from the atrocity that the food court offers. We brought some Checkers burger and when we ran out of water, the people behind the counter were kind enough to give us cups of ice water. The Dancing Crane Cafe, which is near the Bu Carousel and the gorilla exhibit, is a pretty and often less crowded place to sit down and have your lunch. Pretty and serene, it overlooks a natural marsh. -THE ANIMALS All in all you can see a lot of wild life. There are the superstars of the zoo; the  intriguing Gorillas, big intimidating rhinoceros, gentle giraffes, waddling penguins, tigers, and so on. Than there are the smaller lesser known creatures such as the red pandas, tapirs, lemurs, etc. It was fun seeing all these animals up close and to look in wonder at these different beasts. -OVERALL If you are coming here for the first time I suggest you go during a time that would most likely have less crowds. Than you can really appreciate the zoo and enjoy it even more without the masses hounding around you. This is the only zoo I've been to so I can't really compare it to anything else. Overall, I think the Bronx Zoo does New York proud. -NOTE FOR FAMILIES Families who live in New York and who love to have adventures should consider becoming a member of the Wildlife Conservation Society. The Family Premium is $164 ($92 tax deductible) and it includes admission for two adults, their children up to age 18, and a guest, plus unlimited access to Bronx Zoo attractions and unlimited free parking at the Bronx Zoo and New York Aquarium. It is a great value for the price.
I miss the way the zoo used to be when I was younger, but it still has lots of great attractions which are fun for the whole family. The cafeteria, Dancing Crane Cafe, offers many new foods, not just the same old junk food, but some healthy alternatives as well, plus stuff for people with food allergies. There are also fun special days for kids, such as Boo at the Zoo and the Holiday Lights. The Zoo Store offers many different types of souvenirs in one big place.
I haven't been to this Zoo, or any Zoo for that matter since I was probably 7 or so. I love this Zoo, and it reminded me of why I love the great outdoors. How funny that I felt like a little kid again, and sounded like a wide-eyed five-year old in awe of a giraffe's neck. "LOOK AT GEOFFREY!!!!!" (Toys R' Us mascot) "WOWWWWW THAT LION HAS BIIIG TEETH!!!!!!!!!!" "HEHEHE LOOK AT THOSE ELEPHANTS EARS" It was that kind of day thank you Bronx Zoo. My ride home on the 5 train was even fun when I saw a group of kids asking a Zookeeper questions about monkey's. How fun!!! GETTTTTTT ITTTTTTTT!!!!!
Zoos always evoke a playful spirit. They always bring me back to my childhood and I am in awe of what lives and thrives out there in the world. My experience at the Bronx zoo was fun - but that is about it. Getting here was easy - we took the subway and when we got off it was less than a 5 minute walk to the entrance gate. The staff are friendly but the prices seemed high. There are two levels to pay upfront. The lower dollar option gets you in to the zoo with no extras and limits you from some of the exhibits with the higher dollar option gaining you access to everything (including the butterflies and the gorillas and the camel rides - things I missed out on because I wasn't willing to pay that much more). Once inside I appreciated the very "outdoorsy" feel. At times I completely forgot that I was still in New York. The paths are extra wide which is great for accommodating the large summer crowds even with strollers everywhere. I also enjoyed that the layout was conducive to pretty much walking in a big circle and seeing the major exhibits without backtracking too much. My favorite were the lions - this is the first time I have ever seen active lions at a zoo. The younger ones were play-fighting and rolling around everywhere and the larger ones were up and walking around - very interactive. I think this was mainly because we saw them first, right when the zoo opened, so it was still cooler in the morning and there weren't and loud crowds around. The other exhibit I really enjoyed was the Sea Lions. They were swimming everywhere, pleasing the kids, and the way their pool and rocks were set up lead nicely for large crowds to enjoy without feeling like there were too many people around. I will say the indoor enclosures were extremely smelly (more than any other zoo I have been too) so we couldn't truly see everything because we just wanted to get out of the building. Also, some of the animals were difficult to spot in their space. The giraffe's also seemed small for a giraffe. Overall this is a great local zoo for the people in the area, however if you are on a trip to New York I wouldn't recommend this as a place to visit because there is nothing special or different from other local zoos I have been to. That being said I am an animal lover and I am glad we worked this into our trip.
If you have ever been to a zoo, most are pretty standard with an array of animals and a nice small area to walk around and make a half a day of it. Now times that by 50! This place is gigantic and not only has every type of animal species, but is laid out over 200 sprawling acres hidden in the middle of the busiest cities in the world. You would never even know this is there since it is tucked in the Bronx. It is not easy to get to since you battle some serious traffic down Fordham road to get here. However, the parking is $13 and plenty of it and it is easy to get in once you get there. The zoo is split up into many different sections and you would never cover all of this in one day. It may take 2 days if you want to see everything and read all the descriptions. Depending on what time of day you go, the animals may be sleeping, but you will get really good views of all of them since the Zoo has many different spots to stand and view. Unlike other zoos, there is not crazy barriers in front of the animals for fear of them getting out. This zoo allows the visitors to get a close view and not behind crazy glass or fence. Not only that, the displays and some of the animal exhibits are arranged nicely and you feel like you are actually in some of the jungle settings. My recommendation is to buy tickets online and get a AAA rate for a thing called the Total Experience, which allows you entrance to all the exhibits ($5.00 if you don't do this for each one) and also fee rides on the monorail and shuttle and bug carousel. It is well worth it and the price difference is not much more. This is a one of the better zoos in the country and it is nice that it is very close to home for a visit! I highly recommend making this one of the stops while visiting NYC!
Loved it. Especially the diverse species of monkeys that I had never seen anywhere else before... There used to be a Pay What You Wish weekday so look into that if you are strapped for cash.
I do try to appreciate that some animals are give a "fair" amount of space to roam, but the rest of them just don't get enough. I can't help feeling sad for most of them. What can I say? I'm partisan... I can't stand zoos as a concept (unless they are safari zoos and totally open), and I think that kids should be give a lesson of animal rights instead being dragged from cage to cage too see "wild" animals. Exhibits here are often closed, and when they are not, they are often overcrowded. And paying extra for some of them is annoying. Just charge more the admission ticket or stop letting people in for "free" (sugg. donation) on Wednesdays. I think it would be more fair.
Getting here was actually really easy- a ride on the Bmx11 Express bus from midtown got us here quickly.  The 6 train entrance is closed in the winter- but it's a short walk around to the front; so that is another option.  We went in December, so it was definitely chilly, but it was also a lot of fun! Some of the animals were not out- too chilly- but a lot of the animals actually love this weather. Notably, the snow leopards, the Himalayan tigers, Grizzlies and Polar bears.  The African wild dogs also did not seem to mind the weather.  For us humans, there are plently of indoor exhibits to warm up.  One thing I think is great is the bird exhibits: for many of these, the enclosures are actually kind of open, to give the birdies plenty of room to fly around in!  The Madagascar exhibit is awesome-  wild looking lemurs and foosa, fun!  I highly recommend the zoo for anyone. Definitely pack your walking shoes, and plan on spending at least a few hours there- we were there from noon until 5 and did not cover all the ground (4 adults, no kids!).  While the fast food is a little pricey, at least the operation is non-profit, and benefits wildlife. Case in point: America may have zero Bison if it were not for the Bronx Zoo! Do note that the "Holiday Lights" night exhibit of years past is no longer offered- I've seen some reviews about this elsewhere, so just want to let you know.
OK - this could get soap boxy... *deep breath* I feel really torn about this review.  I LOVED the Bronx Zoo as a kid, and if you know me, you know how much I appreciate animals and wildlife conservation, etc..  This last visit left a disappointed, saddened nagging in my heart (and a huge hole in my wallet), but not without a few glimmers of hope. The zoo seemed a bit run down and...empty.  I've been coming here since I was a small child, and some of the exhibits and cages look EXACTLY the same as when I was 7.   No upgrading.  A lot of the exhibits that seemed so cool as a kid now look pathetically small and insufficient for the animals contained therein.  I'm actually happy that the elephant house has been closed down, since elephants don't manage so well or live as long in captivity.  It does seem that many exhibits are similarly being phased out or not restocked due to new concerns about ethically caging/maintaining wild animals.  And there was trash strewn about everywhere.  Where is the clean up/maintenance staff? Granted, a lot of things have changed over the years for the better, and many exhibits have been added that are larger and more humane.  However, there are still PLENTY of animal pens that need work.  How about a better layout for that poor polar bear, who looked MISERABLE in the 90 degree weather??  How about an upgrade for the sea lions, who are a major crowd pleaser, but have the same exact habitat that they had when I was 3???  How about a better plan for the rodents in the Mouse House, all of whom entertained the zoo patrons by desperately and maniacally trying to climb the sides of their small cages to escape?  Are camel rides still necessary, or humane?  (At least the peafowl seem to have the run of the place.  They are everywhere and go where they please.  I appreciate that although I fear some stupid kid or a$$hole teen may prove detrimental one day.) With the prices being what they are - is there no money to improve these things? However - all the places where humans can spend (a lot of) money - the food court and the numerous zoo gift shops - are all brilliantly modernized and new and shiny.  I thought the zoo was for the animals?  Personally - I'd rather eat at a somewhat dinghy and old fashioned food court and see shiny upgraded and spaciously humane animal exhibits; it IS a zoo after all.  I'm hoping that's NOT just me...but sadly know many people will care about their own zoo experience than that of the animals who live there.   The World of Darkness was closed for renovations....a good sign?  The zoo does seem to be in a transition... I know the WCS does a lot of good, not just at our NYC zoos but globally.  And there have definitely been improvements, and new exhibits are obviously being built with the animals in mind, as well as education centers for kids to learn about respect for wildlife and conservation - massively important.  I just wish whatever budget the WCS had set aside for the Bronx Zoo had gone to the animals comfort and not so much the gift shops and food court.  We go to the zoos to see the animals - they are the bread and butter!  Make them ALL happy and we'll be happy.
A top-notch zoo in every way. The exhibits are educational, beautiful and, most importantly, quite spacious. No sad, caged-in animals here. They have many rare species that are alone worth the trip, plus all your traditional zoo animals that are always wonderful to behold. The bug carousel is funny and fun, and on the day we went (Christmas Eve) there were so few people around that they let us ride as many times as we wanted! Don't miss Jungleworld or Madagascar - the recreated habitats are remarkable. As a museum educator and former zoo exhibit developer, I can honestly say that the Bronx Zoo is doing great work.
I absolutely love this zoo.   Best one I've been to hands down.  I went here this past weekend with my sister.  Went on a slightly chilly day.  The exhibits that we saw included Madagascar and the lions.  The lions gave us a great laugh.  One of the lions stood up, walked over to the building everyone was standing in to observe the animals, then proceeded to pee on the window.  Sort of a "can't you just leave us the hell alone for once" moment.  Gotta love a lion with a sense of sarchasm!!  The bird exhibits were also fantastic.   We only got to see half of the zoo.  This is definitely an all day, if not 2 day, affair.  Can't wait to go back in the spring or summer months to stroll around the entire zoo.   Discount tidbit: if you have the optimum rewards card, you get a few bucks off.
One of the best parts about the Bronx is the Bronx Zoo. My gf and I love this place and continue to go year after year. Go in the Spring is incredible and the animals are more active.
first off, zoos make me sad. for a sad zoo, the bronx zoo is pretty neat-O. The people who visit it are not neat-O. everyone walks around like they have completely lost their minds. tourist, locals, tri-state area folk, ect. No manners or etiquette whatsoever! In the butterfly exhibit we are told by the staff not to touch the butterflies. common sense, right.? then why was some awesome parent laughing at his daughter smashing a nice monarch out of the air and onto the ground? the proud papa even took a picture of it. anyway, the staff was great and always helpful and the exhibits were fun. check out the gorillas and the polar bear. they stuck out in my mind as the least depressing examples of animal imprisonment.
Very good zoo, despite trip from Manhattan.
Best Zoo in the entire world, hands down. Ok I am biased, but really...zoos don't get any better than this. If I was an animal taken from my natural habitat to be caged to be peered at by humans all day, I would pick the Bronx Zoo. I went to high school in the Bronx, so I used to make an almost weekly excursion here on Fridays after school. Wednesdays are free (suggested) admission, but my family are members so I had plenty of free passes. This is one charitable tax write-off worth purchasing--all the money goes to wildlife conservation, and you can't help but be put in that altruistic mood after seeing all the wonderful creatures at this zoo. Absolutely the best zoo and a must-stop for anyone visiting New York City. One tiny negative: they no longer have the Skyfari ride, so you can no longer ride on the sky cable cars when you need a break from walking and look down at the magnificence that is the Bronx Zoo :(
i love this zoo.  they have just about every animal you can think of here.  i really love the butterfly room, it is so cool seeing them fly right past you.  the aviary is absolutely awesome, so many species of birds.  when they having feeding time (they call it an enrichment session) it is well worth seeing the tigers and other carnivores in action.  i just love walking through every part of that zoo,  you need about 3 days to really check everything out. as for the gift shop it is well stocked with books, stuffed animals, etc.  it is done very well.  the monorail is a great way to break up the walking, you get to see most of the larger animals that way too.  the skyfari is ok, something to do once. the only part of the zoo i would avoid is the indoor giraffe viewing building.  holy smokes does it smell foul in there.  i don't get grossed out by smells but this place really reeks.  if you must, go with your nose pinched shut.
Where are all the animals??? I brought a childhood friend here on a Saturday to entertain her three year old. It felt like a long walk on a nature trail with an occasional spotting of a sleeping polar bear, or a glimpse of a monkey perched up high on a branch. Even the child asked us, "Where are the animals?" The Bronx Zoo has definitely scaled back on its animal stock from when I was a kid. They couldn't all be sleeping or hiding. Seriously. I'm sure it's expensive to replace and care for exotic animals, but this is a ZOO with thousands of visitors a week. For the outrageous prices they charge, I was very disappointed in seeing almost no animals. My friend is in the military and we luckily got discounted tickets. The camel ride is not included in the package deal. I brought my own food and a bottle of water, to avoid the overpriced concession stands.
It's been said that I possess an unmistakable animal magnetism, and someone told me it's all happening at the zoo. I do believe it, I do believe  these things to be true. The BX has some of the best outdoor activities in the 5 boroughs: the Stadium, Botanical Garden, Arthur Ave., and the Bronx Zoo. Even if you're not fortunate enough to get elbow-deep in a zebra's vagina, the Bronx Zoo is arguably the best on the east coast.
Love the zoo. We got the general admission pass. One thing I did not like is that you have to pay additional money if you want to go to different exhibits. There are a few basic exhibits that are included in the general admission...but not a lot. Make sure and go on a day when it is not as humid and hot. I hated that part of it every bit. Getting there by subway is the most horrible mistake you can make if you have kids or are physically challenged since the closest stations have a lot of stair...i mean a LOT! You cannot find any taxis either. None of the taxi cab drivers like coming to the Bronx. Take your own food, drinks etc as the food stands are pretty expensive.
Great place to visit! Young or old, there are lot of things to see here.  Take advantage of the Bank of America free admission on museum weekends if you can!
Lions and Tigers and... The older: "What's wrong Unc??? Me: "Nothing wrong. We good Neph. My nephews and I were at the Bronx Zoo. Seated on the Wild Asia monorail which had just stopped at the tiger exhibit. The Big cats were pretty much chillin. Just waiting for feeding time. Tigers are one of my favorite animals. So I'm chillin right along with em, when an interesting fact comes to my mind. From a standing position, a tiger can leap 9 feet into the air. With a running start, a tiger can leap anywhere from 12 to 16 feet in the air. As that thought swirled thru my mind I peeked over the edge of the car  and attempted to gage how high up we were. The tigers paid us little or no mind. I turned back in my seat and found the Bronx Zoo kat, who had come along for the ride, and now both my nephews, we're looking at me with quizzical expressions on their faces. The younger: "Yeah, whats going on Unc? Me: "We cool. Bx Zoo Kat: "Anything I can help you with sir? Me to the Bx Zoo Kat: "Aah, yeah. How high is this monorail? Bx Zoo Kat: "We are 14 feet off the ground. Me: "Umm Humm. Oh Hell yeah I'm thinking we are well within a tigers range. I turned and look back down into the enclosure. Then remembered why there was a range in distance reguarding a tigers maximum leap from a running start. The data is tough to acquire. See few who have have been in a situation to measure the higher range of a wild tigers leaping ability, have lived to record the data. What happened next has stayed with me to this very day. One of those tigers, the large, ROBUST, high leaping looking ma-fuckin tiger, tilts it's big orange and black striped head skyward and looks me right dead in my eyes...then...lick it's lips. Now as Dweena can tell you, I'm not the kinda kat that's easily shook. But, my nephews spider sense had kicked in and they both were picking up on my vibe, and I got a tiger eying me. Ain't this a bitch! Yes, I'm feeling a little twitchy right about now. But I'm smooth. I was taught never to look a wild animal directly in the eyes, so I tired to look away. A wild animal views direct eye contact as a challenge. The last thing I want to do it challenge a tiger, especially while reachable. But damn if I couldn't look away. And the tiger, who had been lounging has now stood up and is still looking at me. I'm a fan of Zoo's and Aquariums in general and the Bronx Zoo especially. It's designed in such away to conceal the barriers between animals. So it looks like the Lions could get at the Zebra. But in reality there's moats and fences that prevent it from ever happening. And yes I'd much rather see wildlife in the wild, which is why Dweena and I hope to go on a photographic safari in the near future. The Bx Zoo  allows us to see animals now. I also champion there conservation programs, which is why the price of the Bx Zoo does not put me off. Oh and in case you think I'm kidding about that leaping ability thing, when you get a chance check out a video called, Tiger Attacks Man On elephant. If you've seen it then you already know. But if not...peep what the tiger does in the video then holla at me. The older: "Why you have that look on your face? Me: "What look is that? The older: "That...something might be wrong but you don't want to worry my nephews, look. (yes he did say it just like that). Right then the Bx Zoo kat chimes in. Bx zoo kat: "You must be wondering if the tigers could get up here. See all the Logs and tree trunks we have strewn on the floor of the tigers enclosure? (Not only had I noticed it but I had meant to ask why that shit was so sloppy). "We purposely place that there so the tigers cant get a running start. Otherwise, we might have tigers up here in the monorail with us. Me: "Umm Humm. The older, who had been listening to the Bx Zoo kat's whole soliloquy, has a crooked smile on his face as he gives me that, so that's what you was hiding from us. Im'a tell mom, look. He then turns and goes and sits next to his brother. As the monorail begins to pull off I take one last glance down at that tiger. And yes he did wink at me. Done
I love zoos.  This place is one of the earlier zoos in the nation, therefore deserving a visit.  I went on a nice, quiet weekday.  My first comment is that I never felt unsafe.  I have heard from other people that this place can be full on suspicious people and you must be constantly aware of your surroundings.  Maybe it's because my visit took place on a weekday, but I did not experience any of that.  Secondly, this zoo is much larger than I realized.  The conditions (for the animals) were acceptable and you can easily spend a whole day here.  The staff was also very friendly.  It's shocking how many locals have never been... I especially encourage those people to visit!
A great learning experience. As a student of biological sciences, my professor took us here for my animal behavior course back in college. We got an exclusive backstage tour looking at many exotic animals up close. The Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) is a great resource for many researchers related to animals. The Bronx Zoo is very extensive and very versatile in that it caters to the simply curious little kid to pioneers of studies of the animal world. We were fortunate enough to see African wild dogs, among other exhibitions, when we went in the Fall of 2007. Food is expensive, but there is free admission on Wednesdays.
This zoo is the biggest one I've been to in New York. I was really amazed on how they have structured the whole thing into one big trail of nature walk from one gate to another. The last time I was here they had the cable cars, but now I have learned that they already took it out and added some monorail thing to replace it. I have enjoyed seeing the many animals that I've seen here so far. Especially the ones wherein they are enclosed to this forest type setting so you can also experience the environment they are living in. I think it is a good way to get educated in knowing the world around you and also in appreciating this at a very young age, our children will be able to know how to take care of our environment for these animals to thrive on.
WOW! Believe or not, but I have never been to a zoo before. Well maybe when I was like 5 or 6 but how the hell would I remember any of that!? I barely remember what I did last weekend... Anyway, Saturday was my first memorable experience at the Bronx Zoo. I took my two little sisters, Zenzele (8) and Mbhali (7), with me. We trekked all the way from BedStuy, Brooklyn, to East Tremont in the Bronx. Now mind you, this journey took place on a weekend when MTA decides to screw your life and generously adds an hour to your travel time. We took the bus to the train to a shuttle to another train and walked 4 blocks to reach our destination. We left the house around noon and didn't arrive the Zoo until 2PM! Needless to say, we were determined to see some frickin' animals at this 256 acre Zoo. If you've ever seen a map or an aerial view of the Bronx Zoo then you know just how gargantuan the place is. You can seriously get lost there, especially if you are a little kid wandering around. (I can see how child leashes may come in handy- JUST KIDDING). Anyway, we got to see so many animals and every time I saw something I would YELP and my sisters would come running asking "What Tiffany? What do you see? Where is it!" My sisters and I were so hyped and excited that we walked for hours trying to soak up as much of the Zoo as we could before closing time. Here is a list of animals/reptiles/birds/insects that we saw, that I can remember off the top of my head & wrote down (but there was so much more!): California Sea Lion, Collared Lemur, Red-ruffed Lemur, Ring-tailed Lemur, Ring-tailed Mongoose, Gelada, Giraffe, Gorilla, Indian Rhinoceros, Lion & Lioness, Polar Bear, Snow Leopard, Siberian Tiger. Nyala, Common Crane, Slender-horned Gazelle, Thomson's Gazell, Ostrich, Baringo Giraffe, Geleda Baboon, Nubian Ibex, Rock Hyrax, White-naped Crane, Caribbean Flamingo, Indian Peafowl, Poison Frogs, Radiated Tortoise, Nile Crocodile, Madagascan Tree Boa, Emerald Tree Boa, American Alligator, Alligator Snapping Turtle, Spider Tortoise, and Madagascar Hissing Cockroach. (We also saw a ton of aquatic birds and and fish.) We bought the general admission pass and were not able to see certain animals like the Elephant. However, we still got to see a ton of different species and I was very satisfied with my experience. I gave The Bronz Zoo 4 stars instead of 5 only because of the prices. The prices are pretty high, even for general admission. For my 2 sisters and I, the price for entry was $40! When you get inside, the prices for snacks and food are outrageous! $12 for chicken and fries?! $3.25 for water? NO WAY. My suggestion to anyone considering visiting this zoo would be to eat before you arrive and make sure to bring water and maybe a sandwich. Trust me, walking around in the summer heat for 3 hours will make you hungry and dehydrated.
The Bronx Zoo is such a wonderful place to visit!  Every time I go I am pleasantly surprised by another exotic animal.
The Bronx Zoo. :) I'm still pretty new to New York. Going into my second year. I recently went with my wifey to the Zoo for the day. I hadn't been to a zoo in many years prior and forgot how cool they were. What surprised me though was that I couldn't believe how much of the Bronz is just this zoo, it's amazing. I went home and looked at it on the map to double check that I hadn't left the country because walking around this place was like walking around the outback, I totally forgot for a moment we were still in a bustling metropolis, you know until we left and had to wander through the Bronx back to the subway. This place is a lot of fun as are most zoos. They have a good variety of animals from elephants, to bats, to flutterbeas and lizards. They have animals from all around the world. The animals generally looked comfortable there. They live in luxury with the zoo people waiting on them all day, seemingly constantly making this place look more and more like home. hey, they fooled me.
I came here for a wedding just recently and it was so nice. I've never been to a wedding at a zoo before so this was novel for me. At the wedding there were peacocks walking around, how awesome is that? We ended up having cocktails as the Madagascar Building and afterwards had the reception close by as well. I thought it was pleasantly done well :)
Loved it! Totally worth getting the full package ticket for $26 (plus you're helping the zoo preserve wild animals on the brink of extinction) My favorite animal: okapi (zebra legged, horse bodied, giraffe face thing) find it in africa section & the Snow Leopard Favorite attraction: Bengali express monorail Favorite snack: Loaded nachos (by asia gate)
nice place to take your kids, or if your a animal lover. i luckily got free parking that day, but my sister had to pay and she came in a few min behind me. only bad thing is the big exhibits like the bears/gorillas you have to pay for to enter, while in the park- after you already paid to enter the zoo which really pissed me off. i can see the train being a fee, but not a animal exhibit, its the zoo thats what you expect to see when you pay the admission fee. surprisingly decent food to at the shops.
I preface many of my zoo reviews with two things: 1. I don't agree with the general idea of a zoo. I feel bad for the animals who are not able to live in their natural habitat and who have to sit there all day with people ogling* them. 2. I have children so number 1 does not matter because they like to ogle** animals that we can't run across on the streets of Brooklyn and I am their Dad and I want them to have fun. Zoos are fun for kids, sorry PETA. With that behind us, The Bronx Zoo is a well-manicured and very pleasant zoo to visit. I don't think it has the quantity and quality of animals as in other major zoos, but there is something very calming about The Bronx Zoo.*** The animals have plenty of room to live and each exhibit is not on top of each other. From a money standpoint, this is a great deal. $154 for a family membership (3 adults + your children) gets you in here and four other places all year for free. You realize quickly that you do not have to pay extra for anything while you are at The Bronx Zoo, other than food and toys. You can ride the tram back, you can see the shows, do basically anything you want while people who pay for the day have to pay extra for a lot of incidental attractions. One of the most surprising aspects of this zoo was in an indoor arena in my opinion. The World of Birds started out as a caged exhibition of nominal importance, but when you go up the ramp to the second tier, you enter a room where the birds are unrestrained and interested in you. We went back here twice because it was so much fun and the birds came very close if you did not make loud noises. The food and concessions are readily available, but not poking at you every step of the way. The restrooms are plentiful and well situated. The layout is conducive to getting some exercise while enjoying a wide variety of animals along the way and it is highly doubtful that we saw everything on our first voyage. If you are looking for a family-friendly adventure, I think you could do a lot worse than The Bronx Zoo. Because it is so spacious, it is remarkably quiet in parts and as far as zoos go, this is a very clean one. ______________ * This should be pronounced incorrectly (oggling) as Will Ferrell did in Stranger Than Fiction for full effect in the review. ** This one should be pronounced correctly because my kids are smart, even if they like to stare amorously at wild animals. *** I am sure this does not apply to camp days, free days or holidays.
I have been a WCS member for many years and this is the best venue among locations that it has in NYC.   I like the Central Park Zoo and the Aquarium but I love the Bronx Zoo.   During the summer weekends, make sure that you try to get to the zoo by 10:30 am - or else you will have issues with parking and crowd afterward.
Okay, way back when, I worked for the WCS at the Bronx Zoo. In the licensing department. My little flunky job was to make sure that every curator approved the artists' renditions for whatever item we were licensing our name to. It was also to do basic layout and design stuff because they were a little behind on the times. Licensing, for the uninitiated, is in the former lions house. Right outside the lions house is the penguins. Yes, this is where my obsession with penguins truly solidified. My job also involved the very important tasks of playing with friendly animals that couldn't go back to the semi-wild atmosphere of the zoo at large because they had been exposed to too many humans before they arrived at the zoo. Best. Job. Ever. It goes without saying that every single person who works at the zoo, even the people cleaning up your garbage, are incredibly dedicated to the animals and their well-being. I remember my bosses taking the whole afternoon off to rescue a terrified rabbit that got caught in a bush. And that's an animal that isn't even under the zoo's purview. As part of my internship training, I got to dissect owl vomit (full of voles!) and have a sleepover in the reptile house (very warm and cozy, actually!). It was amazing. All of the zoo people hang out and have barbeques in the zoo after hours every now and then. It is such a total community. We could all live happily ever after if people would just stop abandoning their pets at the zoo. Why do people think it's a good idea to do this? Yes, we care about animals, but it is so not safe and sanitary for the zoo inhabitants to have random unenclosed animals roaming around the zoo. What if your abandoned puppy gets into the wolf pen somehow? Do you really think that's the safest, best way to abandon your dog? Jeez. Anyway. I have been to a lot of zoos in a lot of places and my (admittedly biased) opinion is that this one is the cleanest and safest for the animals. And they don't let this get in the way of making them visible. And their kid sections are insanely good. They're not the cheapest zoo in the world, but you get what you pay for and their membership options are actually really reasonable and awesome.
It's now about $20 to get it, but this place rocks.  They have loads of exhibits and all the awesomely weird animals you could hope for.  Definetly ride the train that takes you above ground.  The gift shop is full of adorable stuffed animals and the kid's area is a must see.  Who doesn't want to climb through tunnels like a prairie dog?
As referred to in Stefanie M.'s review, I am the poor soul that got attacked by the squirrel. Aside from the fact that I dodged a serious rabies infection that day, the Bronx Zoo was actually a lot of fun. Let me correct that, the CHILDREN'S Zoo was a lot of fun. The rest of it was... getting attacked by various animals. Such as peacocks. and birds. And SQUIRRELS. Did I mention squirrels? So splurge on that extra 3 bucks to crawl into a turtle shell, climb up a spider's web, and come face-to-face with a prairie dog. I don't even care that all of the parents gave us weird looks. As far as they know we are over-grown 12 year olds. At the end there is a petting zoo. GOOD. This is the only place I actually want to come in contact with animals... not blind sided by a rowdy squirrel or a flock, YES A FLOCK, of wild birds. So why am I still giving the Bronx Zoo 4 stars? Because it really was a fun trip. It is possible to have a lot of fun at the Bronx Zoo, and still remain safe. Unfortunately, this was not in the cards for me and 2 of my friends (Stefanie M. being one of them). Also, we went at the end of March, while it was still pretty cold out, and many of the animals weren't out. No zebras or elephants. I mean, what is a zoo trip without them? I believe that you are a good zoo, BZ. Mainly because I have fond memories during school trips when all the animals were happily prancing about (at a safe distance) and all was right with the world. But, to be honest, I don't think I'll return until I have babies of my own. Of course, I will sit them in protective boxes (similar to the Pope's) in order to protect their lives. BEWARE: The Aviary (see attack of the birds) and the World of Darkness (that is some seriously scary stuff - approach with caution).
Great zoo. All the information is clearly written, it's very clean, you can take as many pictures as you want anywhere in the zoo. You can even see the zoo keepers feed the animals. The atmosphere is great. It's definitely a big, so you will be there for a long time. It's great. The elevated (2),(5) trains at East 180th Street , West Farms Square-East Tremont Avenue, Bronx Park East or Pelham Parkway stations are only a couple of blocks away.
If you live in the New York area or are visiting, you must come here.  The best times to go are when the temperature is in the 70's during the day.  The weather is then cool enough for humans and warm enough to see the outdoor animals.  Many of the exhibits are indoors now, so the weather is not always a factor. You want to purchase the entire package deal for the whole experience, plus riding the tram around which saves you time and energy.  On Wednesdays they go by donation.  Otherwise it will set you back about $30 per person.  It costs us $20 to go to a much smaller zoo in Florida, so the price is very comparable to other zoos.   I do not recommend the camel rides, because the lines are too long and they are a rip off.  You might want to check their website ahead of time to see what exhibits are closed so you are not surprised when you get there.   You will want to bring your own bottled water and food.  They do serve beer here in select areas and the soft serve ice cream is really good.
I just love any kind of zoo, as long as I get to see animals I am in for it. This zoo is definitely way bigger then the one in central park. I like them both the same though.  Last time I went , we got some kind of discount from the company my husband work for. According to him, they have discount to places in the summer for families. So it was a great deal for us to go.
Made the trek up here on a Wed.  Why Wed?  Because that's the day when it's free!  Wheeeeeeeeeee. Small zoo, but it'll still take some hours to get through everything.  However, they really nickel and dime you on everything.  Sure it's free, but you have to pay for monorails, to see the children's part (which is always the cutest part), camel rides, etc.  Wait, camel rides?!  I've always wanted to ride one, so yes, I paid $6 for one loop around a circle.  A ripoff, but a once in a lifetime, I suppose. There's all sorts of cute animals here, so bring your camera along!
Perfect place for kids, and clearly a world class zoo!
There are picturesque aspects of the Bronx Zoo, but the animals here do not look happy nor well-kept.  Enclosures are small and inadequate.  Some animals look like they're going crazy -- I saw one neurotically pacing back and forth, making the same circuit over and over again, running on automatic.  Sad and disturbing to see. I've seen zoos with animals that look like they're going about their normal lives so I know what a good zoo looks like.  Unfortunately, this is not one of them.
Not particularly better than other big city zoos, but definitely more pricey. You better buy the expensive all access pass, or they'll nickle-and-dime you every inch of the way.
Bronx Zoo has got to be one of my favorite Zoos. You really need a whole day to enjoy all of it. The entrance to the zoo is a great price but it's worth paying the full experience ticket because most of the exhibits are an extra price. Especially the butterfly and monorail ride. You might as well just pay the extra $$ for the full experience. Food is expensive at the zoo but you can bring in food and enjoy a picnic with the family. There's plenty of places to sit. In the summer time the zoo can be a bit exhausting to walk. It's a huge zoo so bring comfortable shoes. You'd surprised how many women I saw in heels. To each is own.. I needed sneakers. Even flip flops would've been uncomfortable for the trek.. there's alot of up hill walking. Bring plenty of water to stay hydrated. Luckily some exhibits are air conditioned but not all. Great time all around!
Zoo was fantastic. Only disappointment was the exhibits closed around 4:30, and animals were put away!! Closing time was 5pm. Either leave a sign and tell people the exhibits close at 4:30 or stay open till 5. Not fair to my little guys who missed out on the reptile house!!
Lions, tigers and sandwiches...oh my. Yes the Bronx Zoo is one of the most popular in the country (alongside San Diego) and has plenty to see and do. Highlights include: African Plains, with lions, storks,bears, giraffes and zebras. Congo Gorilla Forest has...well...gorillas...lots and lots of gorillas. Plus they have a world of birds, world of reptiles and the monkey house. Hmmm monkey house...that sounds like the nickname of the first apartment I had, when I moved out of my parents. Anyways go here for a great day out in the wild, then when you are done,head on over to City Island for some good seafood restaurants..
Being from the Bronx, I have been to the zoo many times throughout my life. What is so beautiful about it is that very time you go you experience something different and learn something new. Great any time of year!
BEST. ZOO. EVER. Plain and simple. So much to see and do. In my humble opinion the best exhibit is the monkeys and the otters (they're both in the same area). They're by far the two most energetic animals in the entire zoo and they're almost in a war, a playful one. It is very entertaining. I could probably watch them all day, honestly they should have someone set up recliners so everyone could sit and watch the action. This Zoo is well worth the price of admission if you take your time when walking around.
The Bronx zoo is nice, but it's a little expensive.  The entrance pass only gives you access to the grounds, not any of the extra exhibits, which are often cool.  You can go on Wednesday to get free grounds pass though, if you just want to see some animals.
This place is huge; even with getting there when they open, and your walkin' shoes on, you MAY just have enough time to see everything. I don't remember there being so much to see and do here when I was a kid; at a time when you hear "it's not smaller, you just got bigger!", it's good to experience the opposite once in a while. The good part is you don't have to decide to buy for every separate priced admission right at the gate; if you decide to see butterflys or the skyride later you can do it for the same price as it was. If you're going to see 3 though, just get a POP, which is worth it. I've won tickets from the Daily News a couple of times -- though that just covers regular admission, buying the full pass on the side is gravy on the potatoes. Every exhibit is clean and spacious for the animals (and on our side). The "night" exhibit with the bats/rodents is plenty dark, so expect to fumble around for a minute; since there is no 'adjustment area' for it, you'll be bumped by the kids running around from the first moment on. If it's a sunny day, you'll likely be squeezing/covering your eyes with that painful cry upon leaving, unless you're smooth like that, which I am not. With the butterfly exhibit, the flutterbys will either ignore you, or latch on to your hat or back for dear life. Kids and adults blatantly disregard the 'leave them alone, they are fragile' policy, either touching them, or walking around with their index finger out, as though flutterbys aren't smart enough to know what branches are. Highly annoying. The bears are always bored, walking in circles. The tigers move around more, and are supposed to be the lazier ones. The monkeys are all over the place, and the way the gorillas hoard food, I can see the resemblance to people, though the former chews with their mouths closed more often. The monorail and skyride are good, but the lines are long. Worth it, buuut really it takes some valuable time if you want to see everything. I bring my own food and make my way over to the far side of the picnic area to eat my sammich with a nice flamingo-filled pond view. 9 out of 10 people's photos in that photo booth dealie come out bad in some way. They will refund your $ quickly and easily at the main gift shop though. I skipped the camel ride of course; it's more kid oriented, and the last thing I need are employees taking the requisite picture and seeing me, decide to post it in the 'net. And you know what? There's even more I haven't mentioned! Reptiles, birds, sea lions, and Astor Court! All in all, a great place, the only downer being the crowds and mannerisms (lack of). Maybe when have kids and whatnot, I will understand the logic behind waiting 40 minutes for a shuttle to take me a 5-10 minute walk away. Considering enough people were pushing strollers around (pushing in one direction while looking in the other, thereby crashing into other people or strollers every .03 seconds).  For now, there's still enough kid in me to ride the bug carousel and feed the goats.
I went on Wednesday when it is by donation, with a suggested donation of $5 per person. Since it was winter a lot of outside stuff was closed, but there were still plenty of inside exhibits to see and explore. The main cafe was the only food place open. It was overpriced as expected but decent. I especially liked the Madagascar and Jungle World exhibits, they seemed to be the best done and perhaps the most recently updated. Always fun to go to a zoo!
I've always loved the bronx zoo ever since i was a child and till this day I still love it. They organize the park very well and they have a broad selection of animals; from the insects to the birds to the mammals... I am such an animal lover and every time I come here I always get teary eyed because I wish this world was more sympathetic to animals.
Love Bronx Zoo.  One of the best in the world (I visited quite a few in Europe and South America).  Highly recommend for kids and grown ups.
4.5 Free on Wednesdays (Gen Admission, $ for monorail, etc) Place is huge & while inside its hard to believe you're in the middle of the depressing crappy Bronx..good job of turning the huge park into what I'd think looks like their native habitats..basically every animal imaginable..spent hours and still didn't cover it all All access pass is def worth it Animals need some Prozac though
I think the Bronx Zoo is fantastic, and even though I'm not a kid, I loved going there this past weekend. Since it was a fairly nice day in the Summer, I was expecting it to be outrageously crowded... well, it probably was, but the place is big enough so you don't feel like it is overwhelming. The only time we had to wait for anything was when we got in line for the monorail (about a 30 minute wait). The wait, however, was really worth it. It was nice to get a chance to sit down for a little while, and the tour was fun. I also liked that the animals had some privacy. If I were an animal at the zoo, I would much rather be seen only from the monorail than from a plexiglass window in a tiny room (um, yeah, sucks to be a gorilla there). If you are planning on going the entire day then you should buy the animal cup with unlimited drink refills. It's something like $8.99 (or a buck less if you get the 10% off members discount), and you'll probably want to get at least 2 drinks. My friends are members, so we didn't have to pay for pretty much anything other than food and drinks. I can imagine that it gets REALLY expensive if you don't have the pass (parking alone is ridiculous), and it sucks that once you are in there you have to pay even more to see the "special" exhibits (like the monorail and the gorillas). Just my 2 cents, but since I didn't have to deal with that I'm still saying it was a 5 star experience :).
Fun for all ages!  I loved coming here as a child and as a college student and plan on going back for years to come.   Make sure you plan your trip well, sometimes you can walk for ten minutes straight in the place and not see a single exhibit. Definitely check out the Asia Monorail.  It's my absolute favorite part - only open in summer though. And during the winter, I recommend going at night around Christmas where they have lights everywhere.  I went to the equivalent in DC this year and was sadly disappointed in comparison. And it's free on Wednesdays!  They will try to get you to give a donation though but don't pressure you too much.
The zoo itself is quite nice, but some of the animals seemed to be going insane, pacing incessantly and hoping for some sort of revelation that would allow their escape from solitary confinement.  Highlights include the Congo Gorilla Habitat and Tiger Mountain.
