I loved my visit here.   The office is very clean, the staff is so pleasant and Vladamir was a trueprofessional.  He was informative, not pushy, and simply made me feel comfotable and not nervous about getting Botox for the first time. The office hours are great and they cater to people who work during the day, being open late a few days a week. I already made a follow up appointment.
I was recommended by my husband cause I was not happy with the way my lips had looked which basically I ALWAYS looked very mean cause my lips ,especially the top were very thin so I said let me try booking an appointment which was very easy by the way , I went and was helped immediately when I entered and felt very comfortable due to the calming environment. My name was called on time of appointment went back and he explained the procedure to me and was very friendly and concerned to making me feel  comfortable and ready for the first time procedure which was a GREAT experience I'll add, he took his time with me and was very gentle I was not only pain free but I must say that the results are AMAZING!!!! I smile more I look happy feel happy and of course people notice that I look more HAPPY so thank you I recommend if you want great service at an affordable rate and fantastic result you have to try cause I did and best believe I will be going back!!! THANKYOU for this fantastic experience and I'll see you soon my husband LOOKS AMAZING also he's very happy with his results  and me also!!                                            Robert and Jose
This review is long overdue, so apologies Studio Esthetique. This is my go to spot for instant beauty touch up!  I first visited the studio in 2009 for Botox. I soon would switch to Dysport. Being in the medical field myself, I want to point out that comfort, cleanliness and integrity matter. All 3 and more have always been found here. Vladamir IS an expert at what he does. You won't get ripped off here either rather rewarded for referring friends. Nice. My results this morning with Restylane were immediate! I was wowed! While driving home the effects kept coming through. I very happy with how youthful my face looks now.  You feel included in the change that is happening which is so comforting. This is a very mindful and caring professional by how he talks to his staff. That is important to me. I plan to come back for a micro dermabrasion and tattoo removal as well as a friend of mine.
Today was my first visit. I was able to receive a consultation and treatment. First of, the receptionist is very receiving. I was lost, and she was willing to stay on the phone with me and help. She is kind, considerate, and patient. Those are great qualities in a person. Second, the consultation wasn't as nerve wrecking as I had presumed. I was slightly nervous but even Rejane Duarte was as sweet as a button, soft spoken, kind, considerate, and best of all, she was not pushy, overwhelming, or overbearing. It is a comfortable setting and environment. When everyone is generally kind, everything else feels calm. So needless to say, my first appointment went very well. I will follow up as far as progress with treatment. As today was my first appointment, I want to give a true account of treatment progress over a more realistic time frame. So over time, I will offer a couple reviews concerning the progress of my treatments (but I understand that treatments vary from person to person and results will too).
Though it may not be in the most convenient location, Studio Esthetique is my go-to salon/spa. (They have convenient Saturday and (relatively) late weeknight hours for working girls.) My very first appointment was for a laser hair removal treatment. My esthetician, Natasha, walked me through the process. She's immediately likeable with her bubbly personality, but her delivery of opinions and prognoses in a refreshingly realistic manner is what led me to really trust her. I later graduated to facials (as three dermatologists that I tried have been worse than useless), which delivered significant results. Natasha closely examined my skin to determine which type of service would be right for me and described (in layman's terms) the functions of the ingredients present in the various tonics she would be administering. She also recommended (but didn't push) a skin-care regimen, which I gradually turned on to and now refuse to stray from. Though I have had the most dealings with Natasha, the other staff members that I have met (Vladimir - owner, Ivona - esthetician and Krystal - receptionist) have been extremely helpful, welcoming and friendly.
After I read all the awesome reviews on this place, I went on their website and saw they have a free consultation option which is great because I'm a college student and free anything is perfect. I wanted to go and get some professional advice on my skin health and how can I improve my skin care regimen. Fist, I have to say the people are really nice and professional. I wasn't expecting to walk out of my consultation and book an appointment for a facial to get a deep clean my face is in desperate need for. The dermatologist didn't push it on me or anything. I asked her what would be the best option for me to clear out my blackheads and she said a facial would do the trick, so that way I can start a new regime if I wanted to. I was worried about her answer to my next question... how much would that be, and thankfully its $85, I was scared if it was going to be a $100 or more! So to conclude, the place is wonderful and professional and I can't wait for my facial! I will post another review  after my facial.
If you look for a skin care professional, look no further.   I saw Studio Eshtetique in the news. I went on the internet, found their number and arranged an appointment.  What a great decision that was. The staff is incredibly professional and knowledgeable. After only two facial treatments my skin looks new, fresh, and youthful again. I also learned a lot about my skin and how to care for it. The cosmetologist recommended a perfect cosmetic product regimen for home use. What a difference when the products are selected by a professional, fit your skin and address your needs. Now I am going to have a LaserFacial to address redness and reduce pore size.
I found this gem on-line and on an impulse decided to try it today. I had a wonderful experience and was able to obtain a same day appointment. I was doing a lot of research on Brazilian wax and I decided to go for it. From the moment I made my appointment the service was exceptional the receptionist was kind and helped me during my many calls for directions. The space was immaculate and my esthetician, Rejane (forgive my spelling) was wonderful and professional. I am a major germa-phobe and she maintained sterile technique throughout (no double dipping here). I was also excited to learn that they also specialize in laser hair removal for people of color and I am looking forward to trying this in the future. I had a lovely experience!!
Love this place.  I have been going here for years.  Vladimir is awesome he will solve all of your your beauty issues!
This Medical Spa is just awesome! they provide great professional service and good price! I did my tattoo removal and i didnt know where and how to start so they offered free consultation and i had the first treatment the same day. The tattoo was half gone after it!i just couldnt believe it! they also offer other services as laser hair removal, all kinds of facials, Botox and just miracle to make you look beautiful:) thanks to Vlad he is the real Guru!
Went here because there was a great deal through groupon.com. It was for a european facial, eye mask, and aromatherapy for $30 (original $105). The staff were really friendly and the woman who did my facial was knowledgeable and thorough. They showed the products for sale but did not push it.  It was one of the better facials I have gotten. I enjoyed it more than the facial I received at Red Door. Highly recommended, I will definitely go again!
Nice place, not pushy at all.
A place that is not only good for the body but good for the soul. Vladamir is a man who genuinely likes women.  Never pushy to sell a product or never too busy to listen to what you would like to have done.  He approaches his work as a professional but also as an artist.  He takes time to do the job correctly if it is restalyne or any other face sculpting technique.   The staff is courteous and welcoming. You never have to wait long for an appointment and the prices are quite reasonable. The salon is sleek, modern and immaculately clean.  This is a great place for any of your beauty needs. I have tried others, but I keep coming back here for a "tune up."  They know what they are doing.
