At the MJ Treatment you get treated like royalty.  They target all your senses and you are instantly relaxed the moment you walk in.  The MJ Treatment rivals any spa downtown.  I'm glad that this spa is in the Bronx, we needed some good quality spas in the area!
The MJ treatment is my favorite spa in the New York City area and I have been to many top spas and Mary Jane Is one of the best. As a small business she caters to her customers needs unlike corporate or hotel spas in Nyc. I'm a personal trainer and body builder who needs massages several times of month - MJ always hooks up my muscles! I love that she incorporate different types of massage techniques knowing when my body needs it to optimize my muscle recovery. Her spa is very intimate and zen -try the deep tissue and foot detox!!!
I was very pleasantly surprised by the couples' massage I received at the MJ treatment! Upon entering my partner and I were welcomed with warm smiles into a very inviting atmosphere. We were offered appetizing snacks including fresh fruit and biscotti and even complimentary red wine! The atmosphere is just serene and the decor is relaxing in itself. This was my first massage and it was nothing short of spectacular, even my partner agreed and he's a tough man to impress! My masseuse made sure I was comfortable and adjusted quickly when I asked for changes in pressure, etc. I felt like I was floating on a cloud afterwards and I smelled like a delicious chocolate mint. I might be addicted because I definitely feel the need to treat myself again in the near future!
I've been to many spas, and I must admit that I go to other spa besides TMT. We all seek different things and not every therapist or esthetician is for me, or you. When I look at a new place I do look at reviews just to give myself a heads up if it isn't up to my expectations. I look at who is making the reviews; I know how some of these sites work and how some are made up to make the company look good or bad. I like to look at how many reviews the person has done and if it is available when they signed up. I am from the Bronx, sad to say but I know some people like to be shady - purchase for one thing and expect more plus freebies. Some of my friends are in the spa industry and say how clients complain that the massage was too soft and only paid for a Swedish massage. If you want deep tissue, pay for it?! I've heard stories about clients saying they wanted extractions and only pay for a basic facial. You get what you pay for. At The MJ Treatment, I think you get more than what you paid for. You get the 1 on 1 treatment. At your first treatment they send you home with a goodie bag and give you the "no pressure" attitude on booking future appointments or products. Some cons: - Parking may be difficult depending on what time of day but I have found other places I have gone to be more difficult, not to mention having to pay for parking. - The outside is a turnoff but don't judge the book by its cover, this place is a true hidden gem in the Bronx. - Sometimes appointments can be difficult to book, but I guess that is a good sign that they are busy. For me, this is the place for me. I can live with the cons. It is worth the price and is convenient for me. I will continue to go and recommend people to go.
Had a wonderful aromatherapy massage with "miracle hands" MJ....this was my very 1st massage and boy was I nervous! She put me completely at ease and knew exactly where my problem areas were. She has such a calming demeanor and floated effortlessly around the massage table that i actually fell asleep...SNORING!! The quaint spa is very zen and I didn't want to go. I will definitely make this a monthly part of my wellness regime and cannot wait to try out other wonderful services she offers.
So glad I dont have to go downtown for pampering. I think its more bang for your buck compared to city places. Diamond in the not so rough!
Absolutely fantastic.  When I walked in, the place was quiet and dark, very relaxing with calming music on.  She had prepped a tray with tea, water, and strawberries, and she was geniunely interested in my well-being. The massage was excellent; the right amount of pressure and attentiveness.  I would HIGHLY reccommend MJ Treatment.
