I have been to Tranquility Spa over the years and enjoyed great massages and fabulous facials.  What I am compelled to share today is my experience with LASER HAIR REMOVAL. First, I cannot explain in one online review how self conscious I have been my entire life about the thick black hair on my legs.  Waxing always left me with ingrown hairs, shaving didn't last but a few hours, I couldn't shave daily because it'd give me red bumps, etc. Finally, after years of hating to shave, wear shorts or skirts because the hair on my legs grows so quickly, I broke down and bought a package.  I was at Tranquility for a facial with the awesome Maria and we were talking about laser.  She suggested I try, told me about the success of her other clients and I decided to try. This past Sunday I had my second full leg treatment.  When I returned home, I asked my husband to feel my leg because I could not believe how smooth it was already, after only 2 treatments.  He touched my leg and said, "WOW."  I only wish I had done this in my 20s so I could have enjoyed all the years of dresses, skirts and shorts with no regrets.   Bottom line, this machine works! Maria is awesome, and if you're even thinking about maybe you should or shouldn't, RUN, DON'T WALK to Tranquility, see Maria and get it done!   We are going to Bermuda in June and I can hardly wait to tan my smooth legs.  It is so liberating! Thank you Maria, Thank you Tranquility! See you in 5 weeks for my 3rd treatment!
Last years Birthday gift to my sisters was bringing them here for Swedish massage and sisterly bonding moments.. It was an indeed a precious moments. I was given gift certificates as a gift from a friends as well on my previous occasions. The locker room/ bathroom/  sauna is very clean, serene,neat, comforting..the snacks they served while waiting for your masseuse Is ok. They give you that calming effect and Professional Excellent service. Situated in Hardsdale, definitely one of the best in Westchester. With a Huge parking lot, no need to worry. Fun time , healthy living, excellent!
I'm a big fan of tranquility and have been since their old location. Everyone there is very professional and the environment is clean and comforting.   I do have one or two massage therapists that I ask for but overall I have never left disappointed. They offer a lot of services that I have not taken advantage of. I use the steam room, shower and get massages. The waiting area is very comfortable and they have water and snacks while you wait. Though last time I was there a group of about 5 women waiting and they were very loud but it's normally is very quiet and relaxing. Tranquility is my #1 choice when in need of relaxation.   The women who greet you as you enter are usually very sweet. They recently updated the lockers to keyless locks that use a card which is nice to see that they are reinvesting in the business.
I've been to Tranquility Spa many times and never wrote a review as I've been trying to keep this wonderful place all to myself but I figured I need to share it with the rest of the world. This spa is absolutely fantastic!!! My husband and I always go together for spa week.  Each and every time we go we're greeted by the friendly people at the front desk.  After checking in you are promptly given your locker key and slippers to go change. The locker rooms are spic and span clean with toiletries in the changing rooms area as well as the toilet area.  There are showers and a steam room with towels everything is extremely clean - kudos to the cleaning staff there.  They also provide you with a robe which is stored in each locker. The large waiting area is again, extremely clean, dimly lit with small couches located throughout.  There's soft music playing and magazines on the tables to read.  They provide regular water, water with fresh lemons, cookies and dried fruit for their customers.  I noticed this time they were also offering hot tea. We've never had to wait long for our massage therapists, however, the waiting area is so nice that you don't mind waiting. The therapists come out to get you - shake your hand and introduces themselves to you.  We've had a couple of different therapists so the first thing they ask is if this is our first time - since it isn't we get right down to business. We've had both the swedish and deep tissue massages and we love them both.  Low lighting, soft music and being massaged from head to toe makes for a very happy couple!  After each massage the therapist meets you outside with a cup of water- a very nice touch. If you get on their email list they'll send you emails with specials that they run from time to time - definitely something to look into in between spa weeks. After going to tranquility spa I don't think I will ever first another spa in the NYC area.  It's a wonderful place.
My daughter and I went here this evening for facials. We loved it. They were very friendly at the front desk. We were promptly taken down to the gorgeous seating area and within minutes we were taken to our rooms for our facials. Terry was very nice and explained everything in detail and took care with me since it was my first facial. She was extremely professional and did a great job. My 12 year old loved the services she received from Samantha as well. I'm happy to know this spa is close by in a convenient location with parking. We will definitely be back.
I have been a fan of Tranquility Spa for many years.  However, after our experience this past weekend, I am not sure I will be visiting again. We have been under a lot of stress lately, and decided a couples massage was just what the doctor ordered.   As we were sitting in the waiting area, we learned that although we booked a couples massage, we infact had two massages, in two different rooms. My massage was great - I always request the same person.  However, his was not.  He left there so cranky that it was totally not worth it.  Also, with everyone coming and leaving at the same time, it is sometimes a challenge to get into one of their two showers. What was to be a nice relaxing experience created more stress - not worth it.
The several Swedish massages that I've had at Tranquility have been mediocre.  I was disappointed given the high Yelp reviews.  Doubly so because my dear husband had researched the highest rated spa in Westchester (research is something he abhors) and bought me gift certificates to here as a lovely gift.  I've had massages from the entire spectrum of spas, from expensive international resorts to divey joints where no one speaks real English.  And for the price that Tranquility charges I've found them to be overrated.  Now they do have a nice lounge area with cookies for their guests and the bathrooms and rooms are clean and nicely decorated.  Plus service is professional.  But at the end of the day I'm paying for the quality of the massage.  I've tried different masseuses here and have been underwhelmed each time.
Massages seemed, before Tranquility, to be a luxury I could live without.  But my mom's been here many times for facials and has raved about it, so, curiosity piqued and back aching, I entreated my boyfriend to get me a gift certificate for a massage for my birthday.  They have a really strict cancellation policy that they make abundantly clear when you make your appt, so that irked me a tiny bit.  But I can't think of one other tiny little thing that bothered me! You walk in to the storefront off of garish Central Avenue, and extremely professional, polite staff members at the desk direct you to fill out a form documenting any injuries and health conditions.  Then you are led (if it is your first time) downstairs into the serene, windowless downstairs area, right into the softly (forgivingly) lit locker room.  Your locker is ready for you, complete with the softest, snuggliest robe in the universe, and you can change at your leisure in one of the changing rooms.   When you're ready, you make your way into the waiting area (at first I felt a little awkward in my robe and silly slippers, but everyone's wearing the same thing) to wait for your masseuse or facialist or other magician.  Everyone speaks softly and pleasantly, new agey music plays in the background without being annoying, and a fountain trickles.   You can help yourself to herb infused water and sprawl on the plush couches.   They do the massages in little rooms that are dimly lit, with heated massage beds.  I almost died from happiness when I crawled under that warm velvety sheet.  I wish I remembered the name of the masseuse, but she was fantastic.  The only thing I will request differently next time is of my boyfriend-- for an hour Swedish instead of the half hour Swedish/half hour reflexology combo.  I liked the reflexology, but the massage was something I could get used to, like, on a weekly basis, if I were a lady of leisure. Random notes: -Leave extra time before and after so that you can relax in the waiting area, and use their sauna and showers.  The locker room is fully stocked with anything you can imagine (even mouthwash!).   -There seemed to be as many men customers as women.   -You must hand over your driver's license to ensure return of the loaned sandals.  Dude, the sandals are nothing special.  I guess it's more to make sure no one massages and dashes. -The purchaser of a gift certificate can include the gratuity if the purchaser buys you a specific service, so the best part of my massage was breezing out without having to pay a cent.  This is a pampering that I confess I will be indulging in occasionally now!
First time ever that mom got a massage AND she loved Brigitte and her Swedish! I think we've finally convinced her that "massages" are a good thing! I tried the Hot Stone massage instead. I've been to Tranquility for several services in the past but they are probably provide the best spa massage I've experienced in lower Westchester. The locker room/bathroom/waiting room is clean and calming, always making the experience more pleasurable.
I was taken here as a treat for my wedding and I was very impressed by this spa. I appreciated the plenty of parking outside, the beautiful and clean environment, the variety of services they have available and the availability of the services. There are a few things I do have issues with, the therapist I had was extremely good. She worked hard to help my neck relax but she gave me such a short massage. She actually gave me a 50 min massage instead of the 60 mins. She took alot of time getting the room ready and letting me get dressed. The prices here are a bit high as well. It's not a personable spa since it's very big here. OVerall it's pretty good. Give it a try but it's a bit pricey.
Excellent staff. Everyone was super friendly and professional and you can't beat the pricing here either. Very affordable for something that I thought was a luxury. The facility was clean and relaxing... especially the locker rooms, which is always a plus! As for the services, I got the deep tissue massage as well as the 30 minute reflexology. My therapist was great.. she was professional and knew what she was doing. I think the only [con] that i had was the awkwardness of being in a low lit room with someone I didn't know for an hour. LOL! It was my first time at a spa, so I didn't know what to expect. Other than that, my experience was great! I defintely recommend Tranquility spa, especially if you're trying to save some money
Beautiful....yes!  Convenient...yeah!   Service....good! Whatever you are getting done here it is all about THE PARTICULAR THERAPIST!  I've had so-so treatments and I've had life altering ones.  I hope you get the good ones too!   That really is the key.  Front desk, layout, locker room, gratis pepperidge farm cookies are to be expected.  But all fuss pulled aside it comes down to the skill and empathy of your therapist!   So I wish you luck and a relaxing time! XO
I've never had the pleasure of going into this spa as every time I have tried to book an appointment, they request a credit card. This seems off color and in poor taste to me. I have never heard of any place doing this, for any service. It doesn't even sound legal. If you have to reschedule they charge you for half of your appointment? Before my wedding day, I was treating myself to a facial/day of beauty and called to book-I declined when I was told I had to give a credit card. Spent hundreds elsewhere without having to provide a credit card number. Went in recently to give them another shot-was willing to have services right then and there but they were booked up-again, wouldn't allow me to book an appointment without a credit card. I choose not to give them another chance after this attempt. I don't feel this is a fair practice, so I won't patronize them.
My favorite spa, next to Spa Castle.  I started coming here in 2005 and have not looked back! I've never had a bad experience here.  The customer service is definitely on point! The locker room is a tad small,it had showers and a steam room, however the waiting area is large and comfortable.  There are snacks to nibble on, while you await your treatment(s).  I try to come as often as possible.  My last treatment was a prenatal massage and it was wonderfully done by L.V.  They do not charge your credit card, until the treatment is complete.  It's in a shopping center with plenty of free parking.
This place was sooo relaxing and the entire environment is so serene. You might want to bring your own slippers as I found the public ones sort of gross. I had a facial, body salt scrub (don't do this if you have any cuts!), manicure, massage, and I forget what else. It was so wonderfully relaxing, especially before a big event. The manicures are okay... it depends on who you get. One person did a fantastic job on my french manicure while another lady didn't do a really good job. I would definitely go back to perhaps try the shiatsu massage...
facials are wonderful! I have had atleast have a dozen.  I would recommend the facials, but not the massages.  I had a lousy prenatal massage and would not try another.  The body scrub was lovely too! The bathrooms are nice with big showers.  in all not the best spa that i have been to, but for the price its great.
This was a great gift.  Great customer service and very professional.  I had a Swedish message and I wish I could visit this place every weekend.  I felt so spoiled.  Extremely clean and 'tranquil' atmosphere. I didn't know I could get into a spa as much as I did.   My father and two brothers also went and had very positive experiences as well.  Thank you mom for giving us a great Father's Day gift  - it was the best and I will definitely return.  They do have strict cancellation policy but as long as you cancel within 24 hours, they don't penalize you.  I think that' s pretty fair.
This spa is extremely clean and spacious. They have a very nice bathroom with showers and a sauna as well. I got the one-hour full body massage there, and it was amazing. My masseuse was very professional and she made sure I was comfortable.
Want a reliable priced right massage with great masseuses in Westchester? I have had 4 different masseuses there over a course of two years (at least 8 massages) and all are good with the right pressure and familiar faces so they must be a good outfit that treats its employees well.
I had an awesome service today at Tranquility Spa thanks to my Massage Therapist Arlene. She was very attentive to the areas that needed to be attended to the most. In just 60 Minutes felt, and still feel relaxed and more range of motion in my neck and shoulder areas. Afterwards, spent a few minutes in the amazing steam room and that kicked off my day even more. I will be back.
I come to Tranquility about every other month, usually for an hour or 1.5 hour deep tissue massage. I love the ambiance, particularly as it's very plush, clean and the waiting area always has cookies and water for you to enjoy. The keys to the lockers are also a special touch, as the whole experience of getting prepared for your services always seems like a luxury process. I've never had a bad massage here, and this is after going alone dozens of times over the past two years and also for the occasional couples massage. I highly recommend Louisa, who is very strong and attentive. Cons: While I've never had a bad massage, I did have one, isolated bad experience a while back at Tranquility. During my full body treatment with a male masseuse, I was heavily hit on and offered a personal massage at my home for a fraction of the cost. I never reported the incident, because I didn't want the poor man to lose his job, and from then on only requested women. Also, to my knowledge, this gentleman no longer works at Tranquility, which is a relief. If I had another complaint, it would also be that no matter how much I come in, no one ever seems to remember me. At which point I get the question of if I've ever been there before, which clearly, I've been there very often. Perhaps it's turnover on the front desk, but the place could use a more personalized touch. Again, I recommend it. It's a beautiful spa with great massage ability.
I came to Tranquility Spa for spa week since I was looking for a new spa (I was an avid Red Door goer). This spa is amazing. The waiting area is gorgeous and relaxing.  There are many couches and pillows so everyone can spread out and not be on top of each other. The changing rooms and lockers are very clean and new.  As are all the towels and ropes.  Nothing was threadworn or tearing. Onto the services - a massage and scrub. The massage was amazing.  It relaxed me within in seconds.  It was calming and felt great! Then on to the scrub.  Again true professional.  The huge rain shower in the room was amazing.   All in all this was amazing and I have a new spa.
Relaxing vibe, centrally located, great massages.
I am a big fan of Tranquility Spa however with this being said, It is best to go during the week when there is not a lot of people to get the real relaxing spa experience.  They have a lot of treatment rooms for various treatments so they are able to accommodate a lot of people at a given time, however if you want a true experience when you will be taken care of like no one else, then go at a down time.  They throw great specials all the time and have great, friendly staff.  The changing room is beautiful and is very clean.
I came in for an eyebrow and bikini wax with Wendy. She was great! Her attention to detail and pleasant demeanor made this a positive experience. She shaped my eyebrows with wonderful expertise. I will be bringing my daughters here next week for their first eyebrow wax before school starts!
i like this place alot. its not downtown so you to have to deal with the hustle and bustle and you can actually just relax. its spacious. not extra super modern but nice. they get the job done and you do feel pampered.
I tried Tranquility out today for the first time, and as a tough critic, I was blown away by how friendly and inviting the studio is and their staff! It is rare to meet a group of people who are all friendly and quick to acknowledge you immediately. I was greeted by the friendly front desk who took my coat and hung it up, then guided me to the Ladies room referred to as "Hers" and shown the spacious and relaxing dimly lit waiting area full of refreshments and several beverages to choose from. The lady explained the process and provided me slippers and a key to a locker for my use and in the locker was a fresh robe. I changed and only had to wait a few minutes for my masseuse to arrive -Natasha! She is super friendly and as a woman who has tried many masseuses', she is tops them all! She asks the right questions prior to your massage. During the massage she doesn't talk to you ( I prefer to relax not  chat) but will check in with you to make sure the pressure is ok and that you are comfortable. After the massage, and you get dressed she greets you with a cup of lemon water to aid in muscle hydration. She thanked me for coming ! No one says that anymore. I highly recommend this spa and Natasha! Very professional staff and very relaxing atmosphere.. I will go back again!!
I love tranquility spa. Although I never get there often enough, I always find the staff to be cheerful and polite. Try to arrive 15 minutes or more before your appointment. You can enjoy a quiet, nicely decorated waiting room and enjoy soft music while getting your treatment. I get my facials done by TERRI-I highly recommend her! She always inquires about your current skin concerns and also asks you during the facial if you feel ok, etc. I also get deep tissue massages. I usually ask for Ken or Bobby but have found all of the male therapists there do a great job! I hold a lot of tension in my neck and shoulders and they always work out the kinks in those areas and I leave feeling great! The have very flexible hours and it is a relaxing retreat from the daily grind! The dressing/locker/shower room area is stocked with everything you will need to get ready after your treatment, from mouth wash to q-tips, hairstyling products, hair dryers and more. Enjoy your time at tranquility spa, it is worth it.
The massages are always good - have had several different therapists.  Had a deep cleansing facial here once, was very good.  The locker area is clean though wish the waiting area felt less like a little cavernous basement.  I think it is their brownish sofas - they should have gone with another color...
Maybe I'm just too picky with spas, I don't know.  I wasn't that impressed. I loved the atmosphere and the facility itself, but the massage wasn't great.
I had the best experience today at Tranquility.  I am very pregnant and was feeling extremely uncomfortable.  I walked in and scheduled an appointment for a massage.  The staff was so accommodating.  I wanted my massage while sitting and it was not a problem.  Peter did an excellent job.  Staff made sure it was not a problem for me to get exactly what I wanted out of my experience.  I will continue to go back time and time again and highly recommend this spa.
Attention dudes! - I went in to Tranquility Spa to get a back/chest wax. I highly recommend Vanessa to get the job done right. Especially if you're a guy because getting your chest waxed sucks, the skin there is just naturally sensitive but trust me Vanessa will get it done quickly, precise, and believe it or not... NOT PAINFUL. I was expecting to feel like I was being tortured in medieval Europe, getting my skin ripped off.  To my surprise it felt like a tiny little sting for a few seconds, if even that. Most of the time the strips didn't sting at all, seriously no joke. It must be the quality of the gel wax they use because it was hardly painful in anyway. So to the guys out there who want to get it done, save yourself the pain and hassle going to other places and feeling like your skin was ripped off. Go see Vanessa at Tranquility, I absolutely will every time now. She is courteous, professional and very skilled. I cant recommend this place enough.
