The only spa in New York I've ever been to and will visit. Now don't get me wrong I'm sure there's tons of spas out there that will give me a great experience. However, after a relaxing day at the spa, I don't want to walk into traffic and buzzing horns. The location in Dobbs Ferry is perfect. Maybe one day I'll try others. Experience: The receptionists are always pleasant and very friendly. The changing room was clean and neat. Nothing too spectacular. The waiting area was ok, I was honestly too excited about the massage to pay attention to be honest. My first time there was a couples massage with my wife. We then had a manicure and pedicure. Both was just lovely. We had the honey & milk pedicure. The therapist paid attention to the areas we mentioned and applied the right amount of pressure. 2nd time: It was just as lovely. This time I only had the 60min swedish massage. I really liked Laura (wait I think that's her name..it was something with a L). I also wanted a pedicure but the technicians aren't there on a Tuesday. Recommendation: I would absolutely recommend this location to friends and family.
Overall, meh. The receptionist was cordial, friendly, helpful, and wonderful. The dressing room and relaxation room are nice, nothing exceptional. I had a 60 minute couples Swedish massage, which was average, at best. Neither myself nor my boyfriend liked it. My massage was more of a rub with no firm pressure, despite me asking for a more firm massage. I asked for more attention to be paid to my arms and shoulders, which wasn't what the therapist did. Although it wasn't a bad experience, for the price, I would consider alternate venues first.
My husband and I love doing couple's massages...and have done many.  The women at the front desk upon check in were friendly and helpful. The women's changing room was ok, nothing to write home about.  The relaxation area was not very relaxing, with a rattling vent above our heads.   We had a 90 minute couples deep tissue massage, and neither my husband or I enjoyed it.  My massage therapist continued to massage the same spots for 90 minutes.  I've had better 10 min chair massages at the nail salon.   I probably wouldn't go back based on our experience.
What an experience!!! The ambience was exceptional; I didn't want to leave. The facility was clean, spacious, and so relaxing. I had a wrap and scrub with Nicole which was awesome. My facial was done by Kate (she is excellent at her job and very personable) and my massage with Jim was so good. The staff I encountered were knowledgable, pleasant, and comforting. From the first person that greeted me to the guy that checked me out.  I didn't have to wait very long for each treatment. I also liked that I wasn't pressured to purchase anything, they let the efficient staff and results sell the products. Overall, I really enjoyed my time here and will definitely be returning/sending customers your way.
Courteous staff and an excellent massage therapist (Chris, who gives a very firm massage).  However, for the price I was surprised by the crumbling tile and broken plastic cover in the steam room. The waiting relaxation room lacks a luxury feel, and instead feels like a doctors waiting room. Not sure if I will return.
Really nice Day Spa in Westchester with an extensive menu of services in the massage and facial categories.   Above the NYSC (New York Sports Club), it's in a newer building which is often difficult to find parking near at off peak hours, it doesn't give you the feeling of escape and relaxation until you are in the lobby of Oasis itself.   In fact, I'm not sure that I ever totally got the feeling of relaxation and escape, but after an hour massage and 5 minutes in the steam room, I was pretty content.  My massage guy...Mitch, said I should get a 90 min. massage for me athletes shoulders.  I have to admit I don't think of myself as an athlete, but I know that swimming is turning me into a buff back lady! Um, enough about me......! The check in people are nice, helpful, and prompt.  If it's your first time there, they give you a brief tour.  The locker room/changing area is really nice, new still, and clean.  The lockers are digital so you can set a pass code yourself.   I feel like I've been too spoiled by spas in California and my wonderful esthetican and massage therapist at home to truly surrender to the hands of a strange man I've never met before, even though Mitch did a great job, but as far as Spa's go, this is probably one of your best bet's in Westchester.   I'd like to give it a try in the summer and relax on that outdoor patio they have.
4.6 stars. Went on a completely random Tuesday evening.  You'll just know when your body needs it.  I looked online, called a few places and I was just lucky that they happened to have someone on call.  Its on the fourth floor of an indoor plaza, fittingly and conveniently amid a GNC and NY Sports Club.  So good, there's that atmosphere of health and making your body happy. Take the stairs or elevator up, depending on your ambition.  Very nice entrance and boutique.  Everything was displayed neatly and you actually feel like rumaging and taking something home with you that you don't necessarily need.  The place is so simple and zen that you momentarily consider starting a collection of yoga tops and moroccan oil conditioners. A lovely, professional and well dressed woman gave me a robe and showed me into the locker area and explained where to find everything.  So far it had the best layout of any spa I've been to.  Appearance, cleanliness and practicality were all present.  The stuffiness, apathy and pretention were not! It also was a mega bonus to be the ONLY person there that evening.  Having a spa facility all to ones self is like masterbation for the soul.  It really is.  They have four showers if you need so you dont have to ask for a special room when calling, they have you covered ahead of time.  The waiting room is nice and big with plenty of seats windows and magazines.  Water, hot tea and even dried fruit and nuts to munch on.  How thoughtful!  I snuck a couple of prunes since no one was there to judge me. My massage therapist was nice.  I did not mind at all that she was late but for the first half hour I could sense that she was preoccupied and still trying to shake off that rushed adrenaline.  The room wasn't cramped which I loved.  They didn't have tons of sheets or bolsters so if you like no fuss draping thats what you'll get.  Massage was good and what I needed.  Always seems to go by so fast.  The descent back to the real world is so sobering.  Everything feels colder after being rubbed for an hour and a half.   I recommend sitting on their roof top to take it all in and meditate for a good bit.  Then it's back to the waiting area for more water, or a shower or run back to your responsibilities if you must.  You choose, and they don't seem to push you in either direction. Oasis is definately a place to heal.  And make sure your therapist knows whether you want to feel relaxed or rejuvinated.  It makes all the difference.  This is my favorite Spa in westchester as of yet.
The spa itself was beautiful. I didn't like the experience. I'm 39 weeks pregnant and I went to get a prenatal massage. 1. I wasn't asked how I wanted my massage (firm, soft, etc.) 2. The massage felt more like a rub. My husband could have done a better job. No focus on pressure points. 3. I felt uncomfortable towards the end because she had me face up. I can't lay face up because my belly is so big it gets very uncomfortable for me. 4. Massage felt rushed. I'm upset I spent $110.00 plus tips and very dissatisfied.  I will not be going to the spa again.
PROS: nice women's locker room; quite and large relaxation room; beautiful roof deck; quality towels and robes; sincere interest in doing a good job. CONS: massage not as great as expected (I'd grade it a C+) - masseuse seemed uncertain how give a 90 min massage - as though it was too long;  no sauna or hot tub; steam room broken; ran out of towels quickly and I had to remind them to replace them; parking on weekend mornings is impossible (took us at least 15 minutes just to find a spot). I'm willing to give them another shot because the price is reasonable but next time I'll request Veronica or Amy, who I hear are good masseuses.
I made a reservation over the phone (they require a credit card to hold your appointment - which is usual for most spas) There's ample parking below and above the spa, however, If you park underneath the building, be prepared to smell the strong chlorine fumes while you're waiting for the slow elevator to come down. When you enter Oasis, the decor itself is pretty nice (sitting area and a lot of shelves with merchandise ranging from the usual beauty goods to overpriced jewelry) The service I went there for was decent (well, just okay when compared to NYC's spas such as Exhale or Bliss or Shobha) I took stars off because the work wasn't done meticulously and the price was identical to those in NYC...
My article  #DobbsFerry Oasis Day Spa expertscolumn.com/conten…
Went in today to make my appointment for Oasis Spa Week. The staff was great when making my appointment.  I'll update all on how it goes this week but wanted to give everyone the heads up that they are having some great specials (ex. $79 for a massage).
The massages are great with the right therapist. I have had several massages and not all the massage therapist are of equal greatness. Ask for more experienced clinicians. i can tell the new therapist from the more experienced ones.  Clean and relaxing environment. They have text message specials..check the website on how to sign up.  Diana did the best ever facial i have ever gotten. And if you are a NYSC member, you get 10% off.
I figure if I keep writing reviews about Oasis everytime I go, maybe one of them will make it through the mysteriously filtered reviews that give it less than 4 stars. I made an appt back in October with my best friend for 2 swedish massages. We wound up being stuck in horrendous traffic on I-95 coming from CT and couldn't make the appointments, so we called to cancel and as is their policy, since we had just made the appointments a few hours before, we didn't have a chance to give 24 hours notice for cancellation. However, as we tried to call and cancel, the Dobbs Ferry location was having problems with their phone lines. So, we wound up speaking with a manager at the Manhattan location. She was very nice about it, but unfortunately still had to charge us for the service. We could choose to try and still make our appts but there was no guarantee we would receive the full hour we paid for or we could take a gift card in the amount of the massage (we would still be charged a $20 cancellation fee, as well). We said that's fine, we'll take the gift card. So 2-60 minute swedish massages (at their old price of $110) and a $20 cancellation fee x 2 should come out to $260. However, it was spa week and their massages were 15% off, so the total cost of a massage should have been $93.50. So add up all of these numbers and the end result is with or without the discount, they overcharged my card. I was charged almost $300. I immediately called them when I learned of the error and surprise-the Dobbs Ferry phones were somehow still down. So I again spoke with someone in the Manhattan location. They said they can't see how the charges were broken down, so there's no way to tell why I was charged the amount I was charged. Ok....they said someone would get back to me within the week. I waited a week and a half, called the Dobbs Ferry location back and again was told they'd have to look into it and call me back. A week later, I still got no phone call so I disputed the overcharge with my cc company. They never got back to AMEX, either. So I paid the amount of the massages and the cancellation fee and the over charges were removed. So fast forward to Jan 2012. After moving in Dec, my body was crying for a massage, so not really thinking the gift cards would be available, I decided to call and see anyway. Well lo and behold, they were. So, my best friend and I made 2 more appts (that we kept this time) and finally had our spa day. I love this spa simply b/c it's so relaxing and b/c I've discovered my "person". Again, I say Veronica is AMAZING and makes it so worthwhile for me to drive from Queens to Dobbs Ferry just for a massage. My only gripe that I continue to have is the past few times I've been to Oasis, the steam room hasn't been working properly. This time, there was no sign that it was out of order, so I turned it on and the steam room and the locker room immediately filled with odorless smoke, not steam. We couldn't even see through the steam room to find the bench to sit on. So, aside from the woman chatting on her cell phone in the relaxation room (which is not Oasis's fault, altho it would've been nice if one of the employees kindly told her to leave the room), this visit was very relaxing and so worth it, in every way.
Love this spa and the staff!  Excellent customer service and the owners are passionate about making sure you get the best possible service.   The spa is on the 4th floor and if you go during the summer time, be sure to check out the roof top lounge.  It is fabulous! The spa is also very clean and new and it feels great to walk in.  Excellent for massage or facial!
I don't have any spa experience but I went to Oasis in Dobbs Ferry yesterday. I wanted a day spa where I could spend some time, and not just run in and out. The experience was good. Most importantly, the massage and facial were great, with attentive and friendly staff. The overall environment was nice, although not as fancy as one might expect for the price and it being in Westchester. It is only marginally less expensive than NYC spas. Maybe they don't have a lot of day spa competition in the area? The changing area/shower area was pretty much like every gym I've ever been to, but a but nicer. The steam room was a little worn with missing tiles and there were no instructions so it took a while to figure out how to get it going. The 'relaxation room'/lounge where you wait for your service was nice, with dim lighting, magazines and refreshments. I would go back although the prices are pretty high and it did leave me wondering if there are better day spas in Westchester or nearby CT, and how much better the ones in NYC might be.
I have been here twice thus far -- Melissa gave me the BEST facial each time. She customized her technique to my skin (I have alot of specific skin issues) and I leave with glowing skin each time. They use excellent quality products (GM Collins, Cosmedix & Dermalogica) and make recommendations for products that actually work wonders on my skin in between facials. Also, the extractions did not hurt!
Great atmosphere and wonderful personnel!! Will definitely return :0)
WORST SPA EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD....please stay far away, much better experiences at different spas in Westchester....
I have been to a number of spas and was looking for something that I can be a repeat customer at but, I am not sure this is it.  First, it is in an old building with a NY Sports Club and the parking was so difficult.  Once we got to the floor of the spa it felt like a spa.  The massage was great - I had the body scrub and massage package.  My mom had a facial and massage so needless to say I paid a good amount of money during this visit.   Upon checkout, I felt like was bothering the front desk.  They were not friendly and the girl could not check me out (she was new I guess) and went to get a guy to help.  He was NOT friendly with me at all.  In fact, they charged my full price for all the services and it wasn't until I noticed that I did not get the "package" price they seemed annoyed as if they almost did not want me to notice the price difference.  I was relieved that I noticed it before I left the spa.  When I mentioned it to them they said it was MY responsibility to let them know that I had two packages as they would have not known.  What if I never noticed and assumed that they charged me correctly - I would have overpaid for two services (for me and my mom).  I was a little disappointed with the checkout experience but, pleased with the massage.  I probably would not go again because of the checkout experience and the fact that they said it was my responsibility to let them know I booked two packages.   Overall, I really wanted to like this spa because I like to get massages once a month and did not want to get them in NYC.
