I haven't seen any guys review this place, so I feel like it is important that I do. Yes, I understand that mostly women go here, but they do cut men's hair, and they did cut this guy's hair. And they did it for a fraction of the cost that they charge for women's haircuts. Granted there is a lot less to do, but it's a good place, they knew what they were doing, and I got a quality haircut for 20 bucks plus tip (not pictured above). Sure for a gal it will run you 55 plus, but can you blame a guy for finding comparable value with a better deal? Is it the best haircut I've ever gotten? No. Is it the nicest place I've ever gone to get a haircut? No. But it's a good price for the quality, and it is conveniently located in Riverdale. I might embarrass myself by admitting to going to pricier places, much pricier places, but I have. Were they 3 times better to go along with triple the price? Hell no! I mean I'm barely spending more than I did at my barber back in high school for a cut that places in second to the most expensive salon I have ever been to. Not bad at all. Perfect, I have found a place near me where I can get a haircut that I like very much and not have my friends rip on me for spending a lot (it's a guy thing, think John Edwards pre-baby mama drama getting criticized for the same). As with any place there are some ups, some downs, and some interesting moments. I called ahead and made an appointment for the next day, which they were able to accommodate easily. I had never been there before, so I wasn't about to get picky about who was cutting my hair. When I asked over the phone how much it would cost I did get an interesting answer. I was told: "Between 20 and plus." Between 20 and plus? Between... twenty dollars... and plus? Is plus an infinite amount? Should I split the difference and bring a billion dollars with me? I wasn't quite sure how to take that. A very odd response indeed. To be fair, their website does say "Men's Hair Cut ......... $20 +". However, the "between" did throw me off a little, and made for a solid joke to tell the person I was going out to lunch with all of 2 and a half minutes later. So thanks. Also, as a result of bringing it up she might be stopping in for herself, so it was a good thing it was on my mind at the time. It's a nice establishment. Comfortable to wait in, clean, and you can help yourself to coffee or tea. I didn't check out the spa services for obvious reasons so you'll have to look elsewhere for that information, but from what I could see it seemed like a place I would go to if I was looking for those services.  My stylist (God I'm going to be made fun of for using that word) was about 10 minutes late for our appointment, but honestly I'm not going to pretend that it bothered me or that it hasn't happened plenty of times before at plenty of other places. To put it simply and to focus on what really mattered, I liked her work, and the rest of the staff was also very nice. To top it off they have these tiny envelopes for tips that make the process less awkward. I never know what to do in those situations. Flashing cash seems a bit (I hate that this sorta rhymes) crass, and palming a folded tip and passing it along "old man barber" style (with a handshake for those of you that do not follow) is: 1. Odd with a woman. 2. Is something that a lot of people don't get including young male barbers (the tip falling to the ground because they had no idea what you were doing or why you were shaking their hand is far more of a spectacle than any other way I have ever given a tip) and 3. A little too old school.  The small envelops help to make it a more civilized exchange. I can't really complain. Try it out, I'll be going again.
Ahhhhh Riverdale ......How I loathe you. Unless you've always dreamed of living on Wisteria Lane, Never Move Here. Alas even I have my Gabriel Solis moments, and since it opened two years ago, I've been completely addicted to Escape Spa. Think Manhattan quality and service at a third of the price.   Yes compared to other Bronx salons your probably paying double for a standard wash and set .......but at least your hairdresser speaks English! Facials, massages, , tanning, permanent make-up, threading, waxing, mani/pedi's.........And best of all pilates and yoga classes! Sometimes a girl needs to work on her exterior and this definitely a one stop beauty shop.
I was in dire need of a haircut and readying myself to drive into the city on a Sunday afternoon. I have lived in Riverdale about 18 months and since moving have gotten cuts in Manhattan at my old familiar places - Amour de Hair or Jean Claude Biguine. So anyway, I decided to do a quick web search for Riverdale salons and found Escape spa, which is very near my house yet I had never thought to check it out. I called and the receptionist was very friendly, and we arranged for me to come in about 30 minutes. My stylist was Azimine, who was sweet and friendly and understood what I was looking for. She currently works only on Sundays. The haircut and blowdry turned out great... even if I won't be able to replicate her styling on my own!  Cut/blowdry was $60, which is about what I am used to paying in Manhattan, maybe a little less... BUT the convenience of having a good salon in Riverdale adds so much to the value!! I will definitely go back. Escape Spa looks small and unassuming from the street... don't let that fool you. They have a large space inside and the decor is clean and bright. They offer many services, check the website. I also got a mani/pedi for $35... also very convenient since most of the local nail places are closed Sundays.
i would give NONE if possible.. i am getting married on sunday. these folks were supposed to offer their services... except that they canceled TODAY. ok lets do the math. today is FRIDAY. i'm getting married on SUNDAY. RIGHT.... i felt confident with these people because we've been talking about my wedding hair since may. BUT don't bother coming here. disorganized and quite frankly not a great place if they can't figure out details up until the last second. I AM SO LIVID...
Meh.  A little pricey for what you get.  Still not too expensive, mind you, but I'm also a guy paying for a men's cut.  But I live across the street, so it's convenient.  And, yeah, I know there's a men's barber right next door.  Maybe I'll try it soon.  But Escape has a higher ratio of women to men, so I'll stick with it for now.
