I found my new salon!!! I just got a regular color gel mani and waxing done by Jamie and I absolutely love her. Efficient, clean, polite staff and pretty big salon. It's on the second floor going in from the doors to the spa.
Simply put: Jamie is the best. I'm quite OCD about being meticulous and she is that. Add creativity too. My nails were beyond repair; I bite them all the time. When Jamie saw mine, she sighed and worked on them for three hours, until 9:30!! During initial visit, I did full set of acrylic nails, silk wrap and powder to make sure my nail doesn't break. I have been coming here for three month and my nails are just perfect! I wouldn't go anywhere. Jamie is my darling girl.
The price is right: all day, everyday $25 mani/pedi/eye brow wax special. Can't beat that, but I'm starting to think it's not worth the price for health reasons after a couple observations from my last visit. The good: - Price - Friendly staff, although very few speak English. - The space is beautifully designed and seemingly immaculate, but more on that later. - Lots of parking in lot next to building.   - Service is typically quick. Technicians are never standing idly, even during off-peak hours.  For example, during my pedi, a technician started prep work for my manicure. Huge time saver! The bad: sanitation - While the space itself looks clean, the sanitation of their tools is questionable. The sight of rust on nail clippers and other work tools during my last visit definitely made me uneasy.  (I really should invest in my own tools for all salons.) - Waxing is definitely NOT sanitary. They double dip and this happened during my bikini wax!!!! Imagine that same vat of wax is used for facial services. Who knows if they even change the stick! In summary: nails, good. Waxing, NOOOOOOOO!
I am amazed,I love this place. This is best nail salon I ever went.They were chip and great. Jamie and Lina friendly staff work they are such a sweet and hardwork couple. Prices are unbelievably reasonable for the quality of work being done and time spent.
Just moved to the area and was looking for a good (clean) nail salon for a gel mani & pedi...I found it here! Jamie is great with gel mani's and will do any design you want.  It's about $45 for the combo.  I hope this becomes my "go to" salon!
I really wanted to love this place. However, in the end, you get what you pay for. I've been to this salon four times so I feel like I'm being accurate when I say, "pass". The $25 mani-pedi-eye brow price is great but ultimately you're getting what you pay for. (Never had my eyebrows waxed there though so can't comment on that one). Every single mani that I've gotten has been with the owner. It's like she's always trying to make it faster then the last one. Honestly, you'll be in and out of the chair in under 5 minutes. She cuts so many corners it's ridiculous. No water to soften the cuticles. No hand massage. No cleaning of the tools that I've ever seen. As a matter of fact, at my last mani (and I can say LAST), I put my hand to rest on the paper towel only to feel nail clippings from the client before. Pretty gross. The girls that do the pedicures are a little more thorough but again the service is hit or miss. And again, I have never seen tools pulled from a sterilizer. They just get sprayed with what you hope is at least alcohol between clients. My advice: spend an extra $10-15 and go just about anywhere else.
All of the nail techs at Star are very good, but Jamie shines when it comes to the gel manicure. She is so creative and talented and you can tell she loves her work. I got an ombré gel done just the other day and it was so beautiful! From watching tutorials on Instagram/YouTube you'd expect it the process to be messy and tedious but Jamie did the exact opposite. She was very careful in not getting polish on my skin and very detailed in her work. Definitely do not regret switching over to her. I usually avoid getting gel manis because they can be pricey and the removal process can be damaging, but I can tell with the staff at S/S they make sure it'll be done correctly and makes it worth the money.
Went a few times (5-6 times) and it was very inconsistent. The deal of mani and pedi with eyebrow and lip wax of $25 was too good too pass up... However I stopped going after I felt rushed with my pedi the last 2 times I went although no one was there after me...
Jamie is so good at manicures and she's also really fast. She makes you feel very comfortable and tries her best to give you what you want. It's pretty cheap compared to where I used to go to. Only 40 bucks for designs on gel nails! I am definitely going to come back here and keep getting my nails done from her. She is simply amazing.
Star spa is amazing. We called in 15 min before and came in with four girls and they took care of us immediately. service was amazing. Felt so relaxing and pampered. And I'm sooo happy with how my nails turned out! Jamie is amazing!!
I loveeee this place. $25 mani and pedi with eye brow and lip waxing. I try to come here before 6:30 because they close at 7:30 and I don't want to make them stay extra late. Sometimes it's not possible to make it there earlier due to traffic on the weekday but they still do a really good job and I don't feel like they are trying to rush me out. Not only do they paint your toes and nails, they actually massage your feet and hands. I told them it's my birthday the following week and the lady took extra time to make my nails look special. $25 for a mani and pedi is super cheap to begin with and on top of that you get amazing service. I will never go to another place again.
$25 special for mani/pedi? Yaaaaasssssss! Came here on a rainy Saturday afternoon with my gal pals. Star Spa Sauna & Nails has a parking deck and the nail salon is located on the second floor of their building. The salon is open, new, and inviting. We were promptly greeted and were faced with the most challenging part of the experience: picking out the right polish colors! I chose a pearly white and glitter sparkle Essie nail polishes.   The pedicure chairs offer a wide range of massages. Those chairs were working hard on my muscles. Pedicure was relaxing and pampering. The nail esthetician did a great job on my toes and massaging my tired feet. It's been a rough winter. Next came the manicure which was just as relaxing. The lady was nice and friendly and not too rough with the manicure. I enjoyed reading People Style Watch while waiting for everyone's nails to dry. This is a great salon that would be perfect for girls' night out or just weekly nail pampering. They offer waxing services, facials, massages, and of course, the sauna. Looking forward to returning! Thanks ladies!
Why does your website say that the nail salon part is open until 7:30, and when I called I got a very unfriendly answer that you're closed at 6. You have so many nice reviews, what a shame that a little phone call kind of scared me off..I hope I can change my rating of the place soon.
Star Spa has been my go-to nail place since June - nothing else has ever compared to it. I used to be a regular at Soleil Nails on Lemoine Ave, but immediately made the switch when they started the "Mani + Pedi + Eyebrow/Lip Wax = $25" promotion. They have a HUGE selection of colors from both Essie and OPI - I've seen some colors here that I've never seen in any other nail salons. To top it all off, my manicure lasted flawlessly for THREE WEEKS. I didn't even know that was possible! The waxing here is also great. I don't know if it's the kind of wax they use but it doesn't hurt as much as the other places I've been waxed at. If I had to commend them on only one thing, It would be their staff. Jamie and Kay are PHENOMENAL. Jamie is sweet, friendly, and takes great care doing your manicure. Kay gives the best pedicures and I've never seen an air bubble or imperfection whenever she paints my nails. The only thing I would recommend to them is having more pedicure stations! I think there are only 3 seats right now. I highly recommend Star Spa and definite advise you to check it out if you're in the area.
First experience with Jaime today. She was fast and neat and meticulous which I loved. Love her designs! Can't wait to come back for more manicures.
Star Spa is the best nail salon in Pal Park; Clean,nice ambience and most specially very friendly and acommodating staff! My 5 stars is for JAMIE who does nail art beautifully..
This place is amazing for gel pedicures! They will never chip! I have been going there for about 3 months now and they are great.  Pedicures are OK I have had better... Also they only have two stations for pedicures so if you need one definitely  make an appt.
The spa/salon is in a building complex and is upstairs. There is a parking lot which is a plus in this town. Jamie is excellent. She takes the time to get to know you so she can really design your nails. I would highly recommend making an appointment with her. This is the only place where I've gotten a jewel gelled to my nails and it hasn't fallen off before my next visit.
My manicure lasted 3 weeks without chipping. This is truth. Now, I'm sure that not all  forthcoming manicures will last that long but just saying, 3 weeks. There are plenty of nail salons in existence in the area but definitely not one as modern, welcoming and pleasing to all of your senses (sorry all other nails salons in the area: you've got to step up your interior design game). Their color selection is vast and from what I can see, up to date. I haven't had the chance to check out the spa portion but my mother has informed me that it's very nice. I also hear the entrance fee is $20? That's kinda unheard of. I'd say the prices for all other services is comparable to the business in the area (facials, massages, etc.) And one more plus: parking is extremely convenient.
Absolutely LOVE this place. I first found out about them last year, when they opened with the $25 for mani/pedi/wax promotion--which is still going on now! The technicians are very friendly and great. The place is extremely well-kept and a pleasure to be in. The nail polish lasts for weeks and looks absolutely stunning all throughout. Would definitely make the 40-minute drive again all the way up from Upstate New York because this place is the best!
Star Spa Sauna & Nails makes me wish I still live in North Jersey!!! I recently moved to NYC, before Star Spa opened but after one visit..i am hooked!!! I will be making the commute here for sure...and often!! My manicurist was Lena and she was TERRIFIC!!  She is incredibly skilled, polite, professional and just a lovely woman all around. I enjoyed my experience and she made me feel relaxed. I am a beauty/hair/spa addict and have had my nails done for years...but Lena really stood out.  She does the nail shapes elegantly and all her products are organic...how amazing is that? I have sensitive  skin so I really appreciate a place that has TRULY ORGANIC products. The smell is great too, it reminds me of luxurious shea butter! I had the lavender pedicure, which I recommend highly.  Star Spa uses REAL lavender.....something I havent had...ever...until I came here! I havent found any nail salon in NYC that uses real lavender yet...The smell is so soothing and the lavender helped me relax...truly spoiled! Another thing I was impressed with is that Star Spa is immaculately clean and the decor is modern and relaxing. Cleanliness is soo important to me when it comes to choosing a "go-to" beauty place and I am very happy I found Star spa! I will definitely be coming back to Star Spa and I will be sure to bring my mom and girlfriends!
I went to Star Spa two or three times now since it opened and I love it. Because of all of their windows, light floods into the entire nail salon area, which is already so spacious, bright, and clean. They also have a extensive collection of CURRENT nail colors, which I really appreciated. The spa area is so different from the other korean saunas in the area- it's not in a basement, has lots of light, and has almost a European feel. Unlike large places like King Spa, the employees at Star Spa give you more personal attention. The thing that I appreciated the most was that the whole place just looked and felt super clean and well taken care of.   I'll definitely be bringing my sister and law and our family here to get ready for her wedding next month- love that we can have a relaxing spa day and also get our nails done!
I had the best experience at Star! Jamie is an amazing nail artist and the friendliest person. I think I found my new go-to spot...what a gem! There are no other nail salons like this--super clean, calm ambience, great selection of colors and services, and most importantly everyone is incredibly nice and welcoming! I'll be coming back here all the time, and I'll be recommending it to all of my friends! Getting my nails done here today put me in the best mood...looking at my pretty nails makes me so happy!!!
My search is over. Jamie at the Star Spa Nail is THE best in the area. She is truly an artist.  A picture worth a 1000 words.
Super! Hot! Cool! Nail Salon! I just can't wait to go to Star Spa and get the job done all the time. Great Service and nice people as well :) Always make my day with beautiful job done!!! Thank You!!!
My first time getting gel nail art done and I love it! Jaime was so helpful with suggesting different colors and styles to try and she is so talented! The owner lady was also super friendly and great at shaping my nails!  Both of them were so fun and welcoming and made my morning there so enjoyable. I will definitely be going back!
Jamie takes her time to perfect my manicure, even when the store is about to close. She pays attention to every little detail and is a fucking artist when it comes to designs. I LOVE HER! Check out my uploaded photos.
Going to star spa nails was great experience.  It was very clean and neat. Also the workers were always smiling and nice. Jamie did my nails today and she was amazing nail artist. She had great sense of style and made my fingers dazzle. I'm planning to visit here every week.
Love going here!  I get gel manicure regularly (LOVE Jamie!!).  I appreciate that they don't use a grinder to get the previous gel manicure off, and the job is always thorough.  The staff is friendly, and the ambiance is really relaxing.  The salon itself is very roomy and clean, and well decorated.  Love going here!
I recently moved to NJ and went to several different places to get my nails done ... (Not including Star Spa) I was very disappointed, the services were rushed and poorly done... I went on Yelp to see of any other places and came across Star Spa ... And I went and gave it a try! VERYYYY happy with the service and the felicity was clean and very pretty! Annie did my nails she took her time and was super friendly; I also got a tour of the spa and sauna can't wait to go back and try the rest of the place!!! EXCITED  HAPPY I FOUND THIS PLACE!
We love this place so much. My sister and I went great price 25 dollars Pedicure , manicure , lips and eyebrow wax. Kinda felt out of place because all that came in was Asian but didn't bother me as much. The lady made me and my sister felt welcome and she smiled. I will continue to come and bring my grandmother with me.
I wanted to find a new nail salon and think I found it! Went for the mani pedi with a complimentary lip or eyebrow wax for $25. Very reasonable. The service was excellent. I really felt pampered. I'll definitely be back.
Just recently got my nails done here, I have never met such nice people like them. Very talkative and kind. They took there time with everything they did. Made sure every nail was perfect. Definitely ask for Jamie and Kay. I loved them !
my girlfriend dragged me here a few weeks ago.  let it be known that i've never had a manicure or a pedicure in my life.  the girlfriend went to get a manicure and lo and behold i'm being shoved into a chair while some woman goes to town on my feet.   amazing. from start to finish, it was maybe one of the most relaxing experiences I've ever had.  I literally knocked out in the middle for about 5 minutes. When it was over I looked down and didn't recognize my own toes anymore, they were all buffed and polished and clean. Needless to say I will be back again, especially given the pricing of this place.
I got my manicure and pedicure here today and it was amazing. Everyone one was extremely nice and I felt very comfortable unlike other places. The workers did talk to each other in another language but every other client they had spoke that language too! The parking was perfect and the salon was clean and well taken care of. They also do really nice nail art, Jamie did mine. i will definitely be back!
Love it!! Lena(Lina?)did a perfect job with my gel manicure. Ive never written a review before but had to with this salon! Service was nice and the salon was very clean. Not too many clients. Nice and quiet. Cannot wait to go again!
I took advantage of their intro offer of mani+ pedi and lip wax. Courteous service, spacious and clean place. They have a wide selection of nail polish to choose from and enough staff that I had two ladies doting on me.
Finally found a nail salon in the area that does my nails perfectly. I've been known to throw fits at nail salons because of their subpar manicures but I can't say enough good things about starspa. Even though the salon just opened, I could immediately tell as soon as I sat down that my manicurist was experienced. The decor is also very nice which definitely makes me want to go back. You also cant beat their grand opening special right now- 25 for mani, pedi, eyebrow AND lip. I honestly thought I was reading the sign wrong...amazing.
This place is a hidden gem in this area.  My brother's wedding was in Bergen County and I was looking for a relatively inexpensive but decent nail salon that actually knew what they were doing, and read the reviews, so decided to try it out.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place if you're looking to get your nails done and/or waxing.  My nails still look great after 2 weeks and the Korean women who run the place are super sweet and give you coffee/tea, etc.  It's super clean and relaxing.  You won't regret!
I had the worst customer service ever at this place. I went in because I had a wedding to be at the next day. I dont frequent nail salons any longer because I have family out of the area who tell me how really difficult it is to make sure a salon is clean. I also had on sweats n flipflops.  Anyhow, the owner was doing my nails and i still had a pedicure & waxing to get done. She asked me a bunch of questions and of course I divulged. She did my nails in less than 10 mins and seemed to lose interest in me as soon as another client came in. There were a few ppl drying their nails b4 me. She told me the next pedicure lady free will take care of me. I waited and even more customers came in. The owner told the pedi girl to take in someone who came after me. I said nothing because I knew that this was a family of 3 and maybe she needed to get them in first to be finished at the same time. The owner took one of the kids in the group. But then she gave the next pedicure to the son in the group. The owner then took another person.  I was getting frustrated. She then ran after the lady b4 me to say that she got a free waxing for the special. It seems that this lady lost all interest in me because I may not come back often. So why not put me to the side. After waiting about 45 mins drying my nails, I asked to pay without my pedicure and left, and went to another salon. I dont know about you but ethical standards are an important part of where I take my business. Greed, bias, & superficiality definitely will keep me away. Good luck lady! Dont judge a book by its cover ppl
