I first met Dee when my husband scheduled me for a prenatal massage while she was working at a different spa. It was the BEST and most AMAZING massage I have ever gotten in my life. I am a person who loves massages and gets them rather frequently...I've had almost every type of experience with all different kinds of massages and spas (fancy spa to no thrills spas...Swedish to Thai to shiatsu). But, Dee, by far, was the best. She was so attentive to areas that needed more attention and just did an overall spectacular massage. When my sister was pregnant, I wanted to get her a prenatal massage for Christmas. There are quite a few spas in the Englewood area. I found a new spa, D2, and decided to give them a call. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Dee had opened up her own spa.  My sister loved her gift. Since then, Dee has offered many groupon specials and my sister and I have given them to each other, to our spouses, to our parents, to our in-laws. And everyone raves. Even my father. .. I wasn't sure if he would enjoy a massage, but we figure it was worth a try, and he loved it. We've gotten him a few more gift massages since then. I've also received massages from several of the staff at D2 and find them all to be great and several different treatments (hot stone, foot mask) and love the back scrub. There are always groupons and specials that are totally worth it, so I continue to buy them for myself and treats for my loved ones. My most recent gift was a couple's massage with back scrub for my husband and me. I was lucky enough to have Dee as my masseuse again, and could not have been more pleased. As I previously mentioned, she really worked on my problem areas. I felt so great afterwards, I gave her a hug! To address other reviewers: I've never had any issues with communication with the spa. Whenever I leave a message, I have always received a return call. Dee always works with me to fit me into her busy schedule. It's a shared space, but, I do love the relaxing, calming and beautiful atmosphere and ambiance that Dee has created. I wasn't expecting, nor do I need a sauna or shower, so that's not an issue for me. I hardly write reviews, although I always read them, so definitely understand their worth. I did decide to write a review for Dee and her spa because I have only the nicest things to say about my own experiences and my loved ones experiences here. Thank you, Dee!
Great massage via Felipe. However, it is difficult to make an appointment. They do not return phone calls.
I went this place three times and I had swedish hot stone massage by Shally.  Very nice quiet ambience and temperature was perfect, aroma was great.  I liked it very very much specially Shally is great. I went there after long distance cycling race. My body muscle was all tighten up, if you are cyclist you will know what I mean.  Shally asked me what I do, I told her I just finished 100 miles of cycling,  she know exactly what to do, From my neck and shoulder muscle, calf, gluts, quad and hamstring. it was really excellent, I was completly loosened up, I was able to cycle again next day.   if you are a cyclist, looking to loosen up your muscle after Gran Fondo.  Shally is person to see.  It will be therapeutic.  I will go there again.   but Parking lot is so small.  hope you find parking space.  they rarely answer phone my phone call or return my email,  BUT when my wife call them or Email them, they respond right away..  Why is that?
I purchased an Amazon Local deal for a 1 hr "Winter Warmth" package which included a hot-stone back and shoulder massage, face and scalp massage, and a foot scrub and mask.  It was fantastic; Deanne sure gives a great massage and was incredibly attentive to my individual needs - I was a bit congested and she did something (I'm not exactly sure what) that cleared me up quite a bit! I'll definitely return and encourage you to do the same!
The staff at D2 was quite friendly and the ambiance was very welcoming! Like others have said, it was in shared space and parking was a pain!   The setup itself was really nice. The inside smelled good, the place was clean, the rooms were pretty and there were friendly masseuses. My husband said his massage was one of the best he's ever had! Mine on the other hand was a little different than I'm used to, I'd say a little less to be desired but it wouldn't hold me back from coming back, I'd just ask for someone else. I'm sure we'll be back for more!.
I purchased a 60 minute aromatherapy massage through Groupon for this spa.  With stress prominent in my life and the school year about to start, I REALLY needed to have a relaxing experience!   The spa is located in a beautiful historic building right in the center of Englewood.  Parking is sparse (they only have 1 spot allotted to them in the lot), but you have the option of parking on the street as well.   I was greeted by Martha and given the necessary paperwork to fill out.  Martha led me to my room, and gave me privacy to undress.  The room was warm and beautifully decorated.  The music playing was really relaxing.  When Martha returned, we went over my paperwork, and then she was ready to begin!!  She made it very clear that if I was unhappy with the pressure, to let her know.   To say the massage was amazing, is an understatement.  Simply, the BEST massage I have ever had!  She used the perfect amount of pressure, and the aromatherapy was wonderful.  She checked on me a few times, but for the most part, let me be.  I really felt that she was tuned in to the tight spots of my body, but didn't spend too much time in one spot.  Her hands are magical.   When I was finished, she offered me a choice of beverages (I chose green tea with rice... very good!).  Then she offered the same rate for another booked massage.  I was like, really???  The same rate as Groupon???  (which was $45.00 for a $99.00 massage).  I booked another massage for October! I checked out their website, and it also seems that they are always running specials.  If you are looking for a great massage, I highly recommend this place!! Prepare to be wowed!
Place does not answer phone calls and does not return messages.
I had some business in the Englewood area, and my wife was with me.  I had heard good things about this place from a friend, so I got my wife a one-hour massage.  She is not the easiest to please when it comes to massages.  However, she nothing but good things to say about her experience there, and came out nice and relaxed, in a great mood.  Thank you, Dee!  Still paying dividends.  I'm definitely a fan, and so is my wife.  We will definitely be back.
I am studying to be a massage therapist and a Doula, so finding D2 Day Spa that also offers Doula services was exciting. I've been coming to D2 for massages regularly and recently purchased a year-long package of monthly massages even though I am eligible to receive free massages at my massage school. I prefer to spend my time relaxing in the beautifully decorated rooms at D2. I've had the pleasure of experiencing the swedish, deep tissue, and Ayurvedic yoga treatments. All were amazing. I've had the chance to work with 4 different therapists and have enjoyed their technique and style. I love how the space is not your typical spa setting. I never found a true need for locker rooms and showers anyway. And who really wants to deal with feeling forced to buy products before or after your massage? At D2, I never feel pressured to try or buy anything. I feel like the focus is where it should be, on the massage. The parking situation isn't ideal, but the only time I've ever had a problem is when there was snow blocking lots of spots. The massage treatments are definitely worth it!
This has been by far the best prenatal massage I have ever received! Very sweet comfortable room & my masseuse really knew what she was doing! We have unfortunately moved out of state but I wish I lived close by because being pregnant again... I could surely use one now! Worth trying & making this cozy place your regular to go massage spa!
Just to add an update since my last review. Shally has since left D2 (booooo), but I have had massages from almost every masseuse at the place and have yet to receive a bad one. I've graduated from Swedish massages to deep tissue and haven't looked back. I have become addicted to getting my massages here and would recommend the place to anybody.
I am writing this review because I believe that my experience was NOT like some of these other reviews. With that said, I had purchased the "couples royal treatment for 120 minutes" for me & my husband. I initially called to schedule my appointment and as stated on the recording, someone did get back to me within 24 hours. I had NO trouble booking our treatment. One of the reviews mentioned no parking. Well, just arrive early enough to find parking. If you know you are going to Englewood, you know the parking situation ahead of time. In addition, someone stated that they heard road noise. The only noise both my husband & I heard was the relaxing music playing in the background. I am quite picky!!! I booked this treatment so that we could go together, at the same time and have a "little something more" then the norm..... We had our treatment a few days ago and our experience was not bad at all!!!!!
I kept calling to book an appointment and no one ever picks up. I left messages and no one called me back. I bought a living social deal which is about to expire and now I have asked for a refund since I might lose the promotional value.
I'm writing this on behalf of my mom, as my brother and I got her a gift certificate here.  She said the massage itself was wonderful.  However, the building had no heat on the day she went.  No one informed her of this until she was in the room. She said it was absolutely freezing and it ruined the experience.  They did email her the next day but only offered her another massage at the same price we had paid.  That's unacceptable.  If the building had no heat then they should have cancelled their appointments that day.  Following up by apologizing and not offering her anything was a true customer service fail.
I purchased a Groupon ($55) for a 60 minute hot stone massage, foot scrub and wrap. Scheduled an appointment for the next day and was told by Dee, the owner, that Groupon's description was slightly incorrect. She explained that the deal was part Swedish massage, part hot stone and a foot scrub. She also explained the tight parking situation and the spa setup -- it is basic and doesn't have amenities like showers, saunas and steam rooms.   The massage itself was 5 stars. My masseuse, Filipe, was a soft spoken man with very calming energy. The massage room was beautifully decorated and had soothing ambiance. Filipe was my first male masseuse and admittedly I was a bit nervous, but he turned out to be fantastic! I docked two stars because in my opinion,  calling this place a spa is a tad bit misleading. As mentioned before, it lacks almost all spa amenities and was a lot more basic than I expected. Said 'spa' is really two massage rooms on the second floor of a shared office space.  The restroom is shared. I wouldn't have much of a problem with this setup if the original price for a massage was indeed $50. But at $129 for a 60 minute Swedish massage, I'd be more incline to go elsewhere. (Again, this is taking nothing away from Filipe's exceptional service!)     A couple more things: - Grand Ave. is one of Englewood's busiest roads. Rumbling from buses or trucks passing by can be faintly heard. Not a major issue if you end up falling asleep during your massage like I did eventually. - Parking on Grand Ave. during the day can be a PITA. It is metered and those Meter Maids don't play. - Because of the set up there is no reception, and depending on the time of day, you'll probably be there alone with your masseuse. Like I said, Filipe was fantastic, however for my first experience with a male masseuse, I would have felt a bit more comfortable with a female staff member present. I would definitely return if prices take a significant nose dive.
Bought a group on for a couple package and my girlfriend was thrilled with the trip. The staff was warm, welcoming and the overall experience was worth it.  Since I did buy the group on, I did tip alot extra because I felt they deserved it. It was my first massage experience so I'm not sure how to gauge it.  I can tell you I was relaxed and felt great afterwards but from the eyes of a novice how much good could that tell you but If you were hesitating calling them and wanted to read a review, I'd say go for it.
Had a wonderful experience at the spa. My daughter and I had the royal treatment for couples for 60 mins.  The room was warm, soothing music and the massage beds were very comfortable.  Have to say, it was one of the best massages I've ever had!  She really targeted on my trouble areas and worked out so much tension!  It was my dtr's first massage and she loved it.  They were very professional and very skilled.   They don't have a receptionist, but if you leave your name and number to schedule an appointment, they get back to you within a day.  I stumbled upon this spa through Groupon, but I definitely will go back again.  I will probably bring my husband next time. I would recommend for anyone to go to D2 Day Spa for a wonderful experience!!
I purchased the Royal Treatment from Groupon.  The description for this said you'd be offered chocolates and juice  followed by a luxurious hour long massage. I was greeted with a clipboard with a questionnaire and not so much of a hello. Ok so no chocolates, not a big deal. I was taken to the massage room where I readied myself for a massage when the woman entered and said my groupon had expired. I explained that I had booked the appointment before it expired but there were no appointments available for  few weeks so it lapsed into the expiration date. She stood there waiting for her boss to call her back to see if I would be charged the $10 fee.  Really? Not very professional especially since I was half naked of the massage table waiting for this luxurious massage. After I was about to jump off the table and leave she told me to relax and she won't charge me. The massage itself was nice but it didn't help that I was so annoyed by how I was treated. After the massage was over she asked if I would like tea or water. I went out to the waiting room where she informed me that tax and tips were not included.  That's fine but it's something that  should have been mentioned when booking the appointment  not after you received this luxurious massage minus the yummy chocolates and juice.
Pros - great couples massage both times that my boyfriend and I have gone cons - it is impossible to schedule an appointment with them!!! i had this bad experience both times and when you do finally get the chance to speak with someone they are booked for weeks. I rather go to a massage place closer to my house for less money for the equal massage if you prefer a more private setting this is the place to go but be ready to wait forever for an appointment.
My husband and I came here for a couples massage and it was nothing short of amazing. The two masseuses (Dee and Martha, I think) made the whole experience relaxing, peaceful, and enjoyable. They were also knowledgable about the physiology of the body and its muscles. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because it is very difficult to get in touch with them. There is no receptionist or answering service taking their calls so you can only speak to someone when they don't have clients. Worth the wait, but puts a bas taste in your mouth before you even get there.
