I have not been to the Everson in many years.  However, the building is an I.M. Pei.  It is kind of cool that Syracuse is home to a great work of Architecture.  I.M. Pei also designed the S.I. Newhouse building on the Syracuse University Campus in 1964 which is probably why he was picked to design the Everson in 1968. The building itself is probably the most important piece in the collection.  However, there are often traveling displays that travel through on a regular basis.  Having Syracuse University in the middle of the City really helps supports the arts.
Enjoyed a recent visit here with my Mother. Friendly staff - went on a Friday morning, think we were the first visitors to the museum. Felt like a private viewing. Small but worth a stop if you're in the area and have an hour or so to spend. Enjoyed waiting for the museum to open -- able to sit outside near a beautiful fountain and sculptures.
It is a good place to spend a few hours.  We don't go too often.  Only when there is an exhibit that really interests us.   The price is great.  Free or donation.. They do have a huge collection of ceramics.  One of their sponsors is Syracuse China which explains the size of the collection.  It's interesting. We enjoy going on a lazy day.
Great museum for a city this size. My first visit - 1970 something-  was when John & Yoko did her first art show in this country. My favorite - her very large piece of ice ( which was melting) called Ice Tea. Exhibits change periodically and the architecture of the building is still beautiful to this day.
If you're in Syracuse, broke, and/or into ceramics, do NOT miss this pay-as-you-wish museum. On the lowest floor are some of the most astonishing and varied clay masterpieces by artists all over the world. Yes, there is beautiful pottery. But  there are sculptures made to resemble cardboard, leather, wood, styrofoam, and all manner of other media. On upper levels are rotating exhibits, some ancient art, modern paintings like what one would see in NYC's Whitney, and a gallery full of Tiffany glass. There is also an interactive and educational section for kids (and kids at heart).
Beautiful place inside with a welcoming environment
