Shiftys is the place to go for great food,  drinks and music.   They have live music almost every night and Monday is the night for cheap wings.   If you haven't been then you're missing out.
Look the place does good business and they have great wings but they have to be able to take some criticism. Everytime I order wings to go and I sit there and wait, I notice the cook rings the bell and puts the to go orders there,........where they seem to sit ....and sit.....and me assuming its for someone else maybe a regular they know and he just isnt here yet I just sit and wait.....and wait....for my order....only to find just a half hour later...it was mine. This has happened to me 3 times and to add insult to cold wings she asked me to pay.....AGAIN..forgetting I already paid. I had the impression even though she took my order hardly 20 min ago had I not complained and asked where my wings were i never would have gotten them . Does anyone care?I suspect not. But I can tell you I will weigh the hassle in my mind next time I am craving wings and might...just might go to dino.
I have to be upfront and say that I'm reviewing Shiftys as a place to eat... It seems like a great place to drink with your buddies. I'll say, the food and prices were good. They only had one cook so the good took a bit longer than I wanted it to. Bartender did warn me of that though.  They didn't have anywhere to sit that wasn't occupied and they did not take AMEX... My fellow business travelers will know what that means. All in all, I thought it was good-ish, but I won't be back.
Frankenstein wings are the best wings in Syracuse. Love the atmosphere as well. Staple of cuse.
Shifty's is a Syracuse staple. This neighborhood bar is one of the best spots to catch local bands, grab a bite to eat, and wash it down with a growing selection of craft beers.
Shifty's is the best kind of hole-in-the-wall dive bar, with a laid back neighborhood crowd of all ages and the best chicken wings in town. Shifty's doesn't mess around with flavor - their wings go beyond basic mild/medium/hot. My favorite is the Garlic Parmesan, extra crispy. I've also tried the Frankenstein variety; I'm not sure what combination of spices makes the magic with these wings, but it works. Stop by on a Monday night for 35 cent wings - bring a few friends, order a dozen each of different flavors and call it dinner. Your wallet and your tastebuds will appreciate it. There's no table service so belly up to the bar and pick your poison. Service is pretty fast, even on a busy night. If not for the wings, check out their live local music or catch a game on their big screen.
Great wings with a bunch of great flavors. The only knock on the place is the parking is bad. Not a big fan of parking on the street.
a true towny bar.  they keep it old school here.   The wings are AMAZING, you must try the frankenstein wings.  Prob one of the best I've had. Very reasonably priced, with true LOCAL crowd.  Great selection of brews and specials every night.  They also have live performances as well.  For cuse games they bring down projector. Great local ambiance, with pictures all over.  Def a must try. Only thing id say is that they could use larger TV's.
If you like wings, live music and a scene where it truly is an eclectic Mix of people then check out Shiftys.
I cannot believe I am the first one to review!  I also cannot believe I was legal for 6+ years before visiting.  Shifty's is less than 3 blocks away from where my grandparents used to live and I heard numerous stories of the wild antics that took place inside this bar when my mother was in her youth. When I arrived late one Saturday night it was filled with people closer to my mother's age than my own- I guess people can't give this place up.  My three friends and I had a great time listening to the bluegrassy band while enjoying some cold brews and shots.  The place was packed and it was a struggle to get to the bathroom, but the people were friendly and just dancing along to the tunes.  There is live music five nights a week! The food menu looks good and next time I am home I will make sure to visit Shifty's on an empty stomach.  You will see me again Shifty's!
I live in the NYC area, my wife is from the Syracuse area. When we go up to visit her family, I ask to go to this place. I've been there twice. They have THE BEST wings, Maybe the best I've had. They're big and you have the option of smoked or fried. I always get the smoked wings. BBQ and some Chipotle. Nice dive bar with beer and wings that will satisfy every time.
The wings here are phenomenal, everyone is super nice and personable, and, overall, this is just a good place to hang out. It's not the cheapest bar in the world, but it's worth it.
One of my favorite bars in Syracuse.  Wings, burgers, ect..Awesome.  Butch is really nice.         Racer5 or Laguinitas IPA would be nice
The food here is amazingggg. The wings and pizza specifically have always been good for the years and years I've had their food. My dad always makes this his stop before Syracuse games.
great place for a burger, a beer, both, or just to hang out.  Good staff and a good crowd. Never trouble and always fun.
I got the Hot & Frankenstein wings. That's the BEST wings I have tasted in Syracuse. Sorry OIP, you don't measure up anymore.
It's funny people call it a dive.  It's a thriving, lucrative business carefully managed to cater to the working man crowd by having among the amenities bartenders who are the cougars of the biker chick world. I've been mostly during they day when it's delightfully not loud and is populated by guys whose white vans should be parked at construction sites.   At night it can get kind of awkwardly crowded and I suspect  I would not like live music there as it's way small.  The food is outstanding - onion rings and wings being the standouts. The extensive beer selections include Saranac root beer.
happy dive bar for everyone! thank you Kathy the bartender for being you... aaaaand, yes. the Frankenstein wing sauce is slamming good.
Best wings hands down
Selection of brews on tap or bottled is hard to beat. Wings are crispy and sauce has great flavor. Don't miss other items on the menu for lunch and dinner. Music venue is intimate and enjoyable. I like the outdoor "porch" seating, when the weather allows.
Why are there not more reviews for this place?!  They have the best wings in Syracuse bar none.  I have yet to catch a band here but there is someone playing almost every night.  Great place to sit outside and have a cheap beer (or a good one).
