This is our second year and it's always a great activity. Lots of restaurants and their samples, music, beer, wine slushies, plenty of portable potties. It gets busy and busier the later it gets. Asti, bonefish grill, Dyno, Cafe Kubal truck, Columbus bakery, peppinos and much more. We always have a great time. Go visit and taste samples, enjoy the music and the nice weather.
2 days of food and music. I went on both Friday and Saturday and I have to say it's much better to go on Friday. Perhaps it was the bands that were playing but trying to walk across the vendors on Saturday afternoon/night was like trying to drive through NYC in rush hour. By 7pm it was literally PACKED! Friday around noon/lunch time was much nicer with waits of 0-10 minute long (average more around 2-3 mins). Food was okay.  This was my first taste and I didn't expect to spend so much. I wish some of the places gave out more of a variety of samples. As an example, appethaizing (Thai restaurant) gave out shrimp or coconut/banana fritters for $1 each and the next thing they had was pad Thai for $7... I wouldn't mind a smaller portion and less money so I could spend it on more stores. Another thai restaurant had curry puff/spring roll/summer roll as their appetizers for $1 and pad thai or curry dish for $7. This wasn't just the thai restaurants, but a lot of them. I would recommend bringing $20-40 to try out a large variety. Some vendors only have their appetizers as samplers so if you want to try out other dishes, you would have to pay $5-10 for it which increases the total quite quickly. I wish they had samplers for all their dishes. Also beer/wine will cost you $5-10(minimum) per cup/serving. Overall,It is a very nice event with some nice music and quiet a variety of vendors to try out.
Consider it a gluttony precursor to the State Fair.  It could use less corporate influence (Tops, Arby's, Moe's, Spaghetti Warehouse, etc...) but otherwise it's a great showcase of local food at great prices.
Great food, great prices. Too much ratchetness but I guess that can't be controlled. I've never been to a festival where the prices are so good. Sample cups really are a fantastic idea if u don't want a full size portion like most festivals make u purchase.
AMAZING! I'm not from NY and I'm a HUGE foodie so this event was perfect! I got to try a TON of different places and it was all a $1 a piece. I think my favorite was this Thai place. They had the most amazing wonton to try that I've ever tasted. The place that was selling homemade and locally bought tomato sauce was really tasty too. I definitely liked that the place was big enough to accommodate the amount of people that showed up. There were three stages and a bunch of bands. I definitely had a great time and would absolutely do this again and again!
