Made a visit this past weekend with a friend and his kids.  This place has a terrific mix of learning and all-out fun.  The huge science playhouse indoors can keep kids occupied for hours just climbing and sliding.  The interactive exhibits really engage the children and they learn without even realizing it. If you live in the area, the memberships are a great value as you can bring the entire family here every week and they always have something new to see.
On a rainy day we hit up the MOST.. Positives: it is only a few dollars to get in and you could spend the entire day here. The different "departments" are super interesting and fun to go through. Negatives: This place has been well loved. Alot of the interactive attractions are broken, dirty or missing parts. The museum doesn't flow. We walked around and would end up at a dead end or to a place that wasn't used anymore. If you are in the area I would hit this place up...don't expect awesome...just a fun time.
Beat down a bit and in need of some restoration. Also they do a demonstration with liquid nitrogen with children 5 feet away who are told to "not touch". Yeah right! Super dangerous.
A lot of money has clearly gone into turning this historical building into a science museum. For that, I give the city kudos. However, I judge museums on the upkeep of their exhibits and the quality of information given. A lot of the exhibits at MoST were in disrepair or simply not working at all. Many things showed sign of extreme wear and tear (for example, the padded grip on a jet simulator was shredded and torn to the point of almost falling off). I understand wear and tear, but you have to keep things somewhat maintained. The instructional materials accompanying each exhibit were rather poor. As a former technical writer, I know a lot about document design and technical communication. These concepts are basically missing from the signs and explanatory text accompanying most of the exhibits. Some of them were just painful to read. Unfortunately this means that the information is less accessible to the masses, which is counter to the goal of a museum.
We go to the MOST several times a year...we've brought my daughter since she was a tot and she loves running around to see her familiar exhibits.   I can't understand why so much of the place is in such disrepair.  It's a really neat concept, and a lot of the science exhibits would be cheap or nearly free to fix up.  Also, I think any science teacher/engineer who volunteered would be able to come up with some very low cost, innovative ideas.  Hence the 2 stars. That being said, I think they are trying...there are some fun new exhibits in the main hall on a regular basis, and the staff are as friendly as can be.  I hope they continue to improve!
I really liked it here at the MOST. Make the most of the MOST! Ahaha. Anyway, I came here on a date, you know, because, well, it's Syracuse. It wasn't very expensive to get in, and my date and I had fun messing with everything in the museum that people are supposed to mess with. The levers, magnets, cranks, buttons, and all that good stuff that shows you the causal relationship between multiple variables in the universe. One of my favorite parts was the IMAX show we chose to see. We actually watched Ring Of Fire, which is about the ring of volcanoes in the Pacific Ocean. It was pretty neat, actually. And it's not on one of those dinky, shrunked IMAX screens -- it's on a REAL IMAX screen, so it was one of those "WOW I'M SURROUNDED" types of experiences. But the best part of the say was messing with everything in the kids zone! I know, I'm 24. But hey, at the time I was 23 and it's not like I jumped into the ball pit. We just did the same thing we did in the rest of the museum and messed with everything that was supposed to be messed with. The highlight here was this massive series of balls on "roller coaster" tracks that you can impact using other buttons and levers and all sorts of things. I love those! And I especially loved this one. Anyway, if you go, it's not too hard to make the most of it. It's definitely worth spending a few hours in.
For a struggling small city, Syracuse's MOST is pretty darn good.  The normal kids' exhibits are great.  I remember the first time we went, there was this show on famous buildings around the world made up of toothpicks.  I know, it sounds weird, but not at all.  In fact the buildings looked amazing.  There we saw the Sears Tower, the Petronas Towers, the Empire State Building and so much more.   This past time, we saw a show on dinosaurs and again, our son was captivated. And I need to mention the play area.  It's like a habit trail for children under 10.  The only scare is you lose sight of your child, but hey, you're not in Manhattan or some other huge metropolis.
Gotta LOVE the MOST for a week off of school.  I had charge of my 8 year old granddaughter on the last day of school vacation.  Needed to find something to do... I decided we would head to the Most to see the IMAX movie.   It was great.  The movie was short 45 minutes but seemed longer (in a good way) Then she spent the remainder of our time at the Sience Playhouse.  She loves this place.  We of course had to leave via the gift shop...I get that is how they make the extra $$ but at 22.00 for a 45 minute movie and general admission allowing us to see some other limited things I think we had spent enough.   Anyway it was a great way to spend a couple of hours on a non school day. Highly recomend it.
Just to be super clear: this is a children's museum. There's some fun exhibits, but it's more of a playground. The actual science information is scant, but there's a giant playground in the middle that kids were really loving. My favorite exhibit was the visible spools for the imax theater.
Clean and inspiring! My 6-year-old loves the anatomy and fossil dig stuff. Several of the exhibits were closed, but it was still worth the trip. Lovely and educational way to spend an afternoon. Bonus: lockers are only 25 cents!
We visited the MOST to break up our road trip on our way from the Midwest to New England with kids age 3, 6 and 7. We spent about 4 hours and enjoyed The hands on activities,  play place area with slides and ball room with cannons, train display, etc. the gift shop area was pretty reasonable as well. We saw most of the museum, but still could see stopping again on our way through.
Great place for the kids.  Started off a little slow but turned into a great place.  Has a ton of hands on displays and a fun house for the kids.  Parking is a bit annoying (free parking is a few blocks away which is not convenient to walk from in the middle of winter with kids but minor detail I guess.  There is paid parking near the building.
Pretty cool place! I was here for a dinner event when I went to a conference at Onondaga CC. You'd think the place was meant only for kids but parents/adults can get quite a lot out of it. Also, it was a great place for a catered dinner provided by Dino BBQ.
