I ate here back in May and have been meaning to leave a review ever since. I typically don't give 5 star reviews after eating somewhere once, but this place absolutely deserves it. I have lived/dined all over the country and world. Ate at some amazing restaurants in Philly, DC, San Diego, Rome, Paris, Barcelona, Vienna, India and many other places and Hutch's is literally my favorite restaurant in the world thus far. My brother and sister in law took me here as a graduation gift and while I was a initially scared about the prices (because they were treating, I didn't want to go run up their bill!), I quickly found out that all the food and drinks were WELL worth the price. If I still lived in Buffalo (live in oklahoma city now), this would be my top pick for any nice occasion. The beef tartare was to DIE for. The oysters were also amazing... And I don't even think I like oysters. Wine selection was great and my sister in law, practically a sommelier, approved with happiness! I got the lamb for my entree... I can't even describe the perfection. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. And we really indulged... the desserts were absurdly good...clearly hand crafted and just outstanding. The service was terrific, food was fresh, done with the hand of a chef who was probably kissed by god himself on a daily basis, and left me stunned in the best way possible. I will DEFINITELY return. Loved every moment, every bite! I always comment on the prices, food quality, atmosphere, and service. This is an expensive restaurant, but the prices match the quality and service. The atmosphere was romantic and great for the evening and service was excellent. Very satisfied! I could go on for days! The beef tartare... omg. I can't stop thinking about it.
You got to go inside this place it will surprise you.   Every dish was exceptional & the service was impeccable. You have to order the Caesar salad with Cajun shrimp, lobster bisque & the Bistro Steak.  They even split up the salad for us & I can't remember a time I had a perfectly cleaned, fresh shrimp. The prices are a bargain because they order the best quality ingredients.
Regretfully It took 28 years for someone to take me to Hutch's - and I hope it's not even 28 days before I return again. From walking in - I felt welcomed. Some exposed brick adds to the feel. Smiling happy staff brings it home. We called ahead and reserved a patio table - I'm told a must since patio is only a few tables. We started with some cocktails all we're amazing! East side was the #1 Then we browsed the menu and had a hard time deciding so we ordered it all - 1) Goat cheese and mojo verde (diced peppers and jalapeños we're told + evoo with crostini - was amazing!) 2) eggplant Napoleon - I've had it elsewhere and this with the prosciutto rocked! 3) tuna tartare - yuko chips were outstanding, light and perfect for the tartare. 4) soft shell crab. recommended by a friend before going - crab remoulade was awesome. 5)Steak "au poivre" - didn't even need a knife, the sauce was outstanding, and they split it so my girlfriend and I had our own plates. That openness to splitting makes a restaurant in my mind. It's all about the service and hutches delivers! More on that to follow 6) I'm not a dessert person but my gf said we have to try one. DO NOT LEAVE without trying Almond cake with homemade whip cream and fresh fruit! Back to the service - I've managed a fine dining restaurant previously and my girlfriend has been a waitressed at one (not the same ones) - we both we're floored by the professionalism of the staff. Our waiter was great - we tried to stump him but he knew the menu like the back of his hand, including the specials! Also I cannot help noticing when I go out other tables around us and hearing things. Every person I heard was top notch five star! A true testament that no matter who you have, you get the royal treatment. I can't say enough good about the place. But I tried...Go see for yourself. At least for me - I have a new favorite restaurant!
The Lobster Bisque in an absolut must have, one of the best seafood soups I have ever had, In fact the orders at the table increased after tasting and all the raving! The steaks were thick and full of perfect flavor. Congratulations (again) Mark, you have a great staff and chef, primo!
Wonderful food. Even more wonderful staff. On a rainy, chilly Monday evening, we were surrounded by men in suits, who, I'm sure were spending more money than us. Still the staff was appropriately attentive - not hovering but always taking care of details. All the food is prepared with care. I had the shrimp and lobster bisque. It was creamy without being heavy, with bits of lobster on top. I also had the Maryland oysters. Having lived in Maryland, I can happily say Hutch's did the oysters proud. My mom loved her Ceasar salad. She also had the strip steak, with mashed potatoes, grilled vegetables, topped with lovely onion rings. She loved every bite. Dessert topped off a wonderful meal. I had a beautifully made lace cookie filled with whipped cream and seasonal fruit sitting on caramel sauce. My mom had cheesecake in a carrot cake crust. I don't normally like cheesecake but this was not overly sweet - perfect. The only thing that would have made my mom happier would have been a bread basket, or the bread guy coming by more than once. While we didn't leave wanting more food, it as seemed a bit stingy for so classy a restaurant. Next time, I guess we'll ask.
Consistent with the food and always having a great time when I come here. Menu does not change that often, but the specials do fit well with the seasons. Wait staff and cooks are great at what they do and always make you feel like you are their top priority of the night. Classy bar in back of the restaurant and if you choose to dine with Hutch GET THE COOKIE CUP! Lobster bisque, soft shells crab, oysters raw or fried, and the bison are my all time favorites. The Lobster bisque, in my opinion, is my favorite seafood soup. It is creamy,  buttery, with a hint of garlic. With big the lobster chunks in it. Hutch's fried oysters are the best in town, the fresh oyster itself is slightly chewy,the battered is not put on to thick, the fried coating gives a nice crunch in contrast with the soft chewy oyster itself and has a cajun seasoning to give your taste buds a slight kick and comes with a delicious dipping sauce. The raw oysters takes the flavor from the water they were harvested in, so depending on were the oyster is from that night is the taste you are going to get. But Hutch always has fresh seafood that never disappoints. Raw oysters are hard to describe but I guess the simplest way to describe that taste is they taste like the sea, simple as that, but Hutch always has great pairing sauces for the raw oyster and really makes them come to life. Bison is on of my favorite pieces of meat and it is hard to come by in Buffalo unless you buy it a Wegmans and cook it your self. Always done to the temperature I ask for and comes with a great side of roasted veggies. It is very low in fat and packed with flavor.
Except for the Caesar salad which was a plate of dark green wilted lettuce smothered in some kind of a vinegar type dressing, the bisque, soft shell crab and steaks were spot on delicious. Why only 2 stars?, the service. We had to ask others to get our server twice, once to take my entree order which he initially forgot to do and the second time to ask where our apps were after 30 minutes. It was bisque, pick up a ladle and pour it in a bowl, which takes 30 seconds, not 30 minutes. Here are a few tips for better customer service: When the plates are too hot to pick up, tell your guests so that they don't grab them, like all the other servers did. Come by your table once in a while to see if everything tastes good, like all the other servers did. Make sure your guests have the proper utensils for the next course like all the other servers did so your guest doesn't have to grab something off the table next to them. Treat the table of two, just as well as you do the table of eight, as far as the  restaurant is concerned, they are just as important. Our desserts were free to make up for the frustration but by then it's too late. Next time I'll ask for Lisa.
I bet I'm the 4 billionth person on here to rant and rave about Hutch's, but who cares. It was one of the most memorable dinners I've had in Buffalo, and will be the hardest to beat. I came with a large group for dinner (on a VERY busy night, mind you) and never once was the professionalism and service anything but phenomenal. I totally figured other people were waiting for our tables, but we were never rushed to get out, as we ordered lots of appetizers, entrees and desserts for our table. That was so awesome! Loved the food. Steaks cooked perfectly and at perfect temperature (definitely loved the NY strip). Great lobster bisque, really good salads, and of course delicious desserts! Amazing service, and so accommodating! They really want to make your night, and the valet service is so convenient! Keep it going, Hutch's. I shall return.
I went to Hutch's for the first time in over two years last night. It's not that I've ever had a bad experience there. The food is always very well-prepeared and the service is outstanding. It's just that Hutch's doesn't seem to change that much, and there are so many interesting options to try out in Buffalo. Well, after my meal last night, I remember why Hutch's is such a great restaurant. Yes, the decor is boring. It's clean and intimate, but that's about it. The flow is a little weird. Plus, if you sit in the right spot, you can see directly into the men's room every time the door opens. But everything else is outstanding. The service is simply impeccable. The wait staff is attentive without being intrusive. And no one asked, "are you still working on that?" (a huge pet peeve of mine!). Instead, everyone was professional and knowledgable. Our waitress knew the menu and had terrific recommendations. Hutch's has a stellar bar with some wonderful liquors that most places don't stock. Their wine is list terrific. The offer very nice wines by the glass. Last night, I started with a great sauvignon blanc and followed with a terrific bordeaux. The best thing, though, is the food. I've never had a bad meal at Hutch's, but last night's was particularly good. I started with a Greek Grilled Shrimp salad, on the waitress's suggestion. She said the chef has been trying to perfect the recipe. It's very good as is: tomatoes and cucumbers with feta, topped with some grilled shrimp. I thought the shrimp were spiced perfectly. I would have liked a slightly more acidic dressing, but the sauvignon blanc took care of that. For a main course, I had the bistro steak with portobello mushroom. The steak was cooked to perfect! Really, one of the best steaks I've had in ages. The desserts are out of this world. Usually, my husband and I split a dessert, but this time we splurged. He got the creme brulee, which he said was very good. I had a pear-apple crisp (and asked them to top it with rum raisin ice cream.) Wow! was it delicious!! I'm not waiting two years to come back. A lot of the reviewers note that you will spend some money here. That's true. Hutch's is not the place for a cheap date! It's worth it, though.
I'll start by saying Hutch's is DELICIOUS! The food is just great. I visited with some family last weekend and we all had a great time. I got the lamb chops which came with a yummy, creamy potato gratin and nice, crunchy green beans. I also got a caesar salad to start, and I have to say the dressing was a little too.. tangy? I don't know what, but there was something strange about the dressing. It was still pretty good though. The rest of my food was amazing. I won't go through what everyone else got but everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food. For dessert, I had the apple, pear, craisin crisp topped with vanilla ice cream - YUM! Some of the other desserts at the table included cheesecake and chocolate cake. I did try the cheesecake and it was tasty! The service is excellent. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, as well as accommodating. My only complaint about Hutch's is that it's expensive. I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for - and although this food was excellent and the service just as good, it still seemed too pricey for me. I've been to a lot of restaurants that are just as good or better for less. But either way.. great food!
Everything is always on point. Jambalya Pasta is Amazing!!!!!!!!! If they still have it because I noticed their menu changes!
The food is pretty and inspired. Unfortunately, it's so salty that those two fabulous qualities are obliterated. Very loud. So loud, it's almost impossible to have a conversation.
I really enjoyed my experience here. The ambiance was quite nice and cozy. The service was excellent. Everyone at my table seemed to really like their food. The wine was lovely. I don't know that I would recommend this locale for large parties. I was in a party of 6 and we were kind of tight in the corner. A couple of the people at our table kept bumping in to the people behind us. But, otherwise, it would be lovely for a nice dinner date. My only issue of the evening was my steak. I had the 9 oz angus filet of sirloin, and while the char and temp of the steak were exactly what I asked for, the steak was maybe one of the toughest I've had in years. The taste was nice, the blue cheese added a nice flavor (although I would have liked a bit more of it), the sauce was nice, and the presentation was great. I just wish I'd had a tender steak. This wouldn't stop me from recommending the restaurant, nor returning myself for that matter - it was just a bit disappointing for my first meal - I ended up envying everyone else's. That said, I still fully plan on going back again soon to try other appealing options.
I've been there a few times now and each time the service was stellar! The waitstaff really know their stuff and are extremely professional! I have ordered the bistro steak, the beef tenderloin au poivre, and my bf has always ordered the 14 oz bone-in filet (not including bone weight). All of our experiences were great, although just recently, they have changed their bread baskets to one giant bread basket which one bus boy carries around the restaurant with him to put on people's plates (instead of the usual bread basket per table). Personally, even though I think it's a good idea (reduce waste), I think it's a bit "low-rent" for an upscale restaurant. Not only should each table get their own basket of bread, they should be fresh and heated, not cold and stale sitting in one giant basket! Other than that, the sides are not a-la-carte, which is nice. So with your steak you typically get a little bit of potatoes/fries, and mixed vegetables. We do always order sauteed onions and mushrooms on the side though just because. The lobster and shrimp bisque is delicious, although the french onion soup isn't the best. The side salads are also nothing special so I would recommend skipping those as well. Save room for dessert! I know I will try to next time! Still have never ordered dessert yet! They also have a reasonably priced wine list. All in all, I have never had bad food or service there, and they have valet! You definitely get your money's worth if you're looking for a good steak!
Clearly I am in the minority by not giving a great review and I am sure that it was just a fluke incident, but I did not enjoy my first and probably last evening at Hutch's. My girlfriend and I went on a Friday night and waited 45 minutes from when we were seated without even being asked if we would like an appetizer.  I was willing to sit all night to see if our server would ever actually stop at our table again even though he checked in numerous times to the tables on either side of us.  Finally my girlfriend gave in and actually had to flag the waiter down in order to ask if we could order our food anytime soon. He gave no acknowledgement of having made us wait around just sitting there for so long and didn't check in during our meal to see if we needed anything until we were already done. I understand that we may have looked slightly younger than the rest of the patrons, but our money is of equal value.  The food was good which is the only reason that I didn't give one star, but the service completely ruined an evening that we were both excited about.  Having said that, I will not be back anytime soon.  I will go somewhere where I can count on the service to match the price I am paying.
I love this place. The ambiance is cozy, but also elegant. The waitstaff is very friendly and personable. They are also very knowledgable about every menu item, even the beverages. The bread wasn't very fresh, but that's not a huge deal. The seafood however was fresh and expertly prepared. I got the yellowfin and it was sublime. For an appetizer we got the fried oysters, which came with a marinara dipping sauce. Can't go wrong there.
Reservations at 8pm sat down 915. They accidentally had given our table to another party, luckily I went out and checked. The staff was very accommodating. Every person that came to our table knew we had been waiting and were outstanding, they included a round of drinks for our wait and the manager came by to personally apologize. This definitely compensated for our wait. The wait staff were extremely helpful with recommending the best items. The food was exceptional as well, however I only gave it four stars as I was looking for something a little more. With the prices I expected to see a more appealing presentation than we received. I would definitely recommend this to anyone, it is more of a special occasion restaurant than every night outing. I would give 4 1/2 stars if possible
Bar: reasonably priced drinks served by the most professional bartenders in the business.  If you want the most delicious martini (gin or vodka, dirty, dry, you name it) this is where you go.  A glass of very good wine costs around $8.  The decor of the bar is fantastic with exposed brick that makes you feel as if you stepped into a European bistro. Food: Outstanding.  This is the best it gets.  Consistently good.  On my most recent visit I had the tuna special (which I hear is a daily special) cooked medium rare.  The $34 price tag is obviously expensive, but well worth it in this case.  The tuna is delicious, cooked to perfection and complemented by the perfect seasoning.  Served with wasabi, soy sauce and ginger.  Also accompanied by the tastiest potatoes I have ever had and crisp, fresh peas still in the pod.  They tasted like they came right out of my mom's garden. Service: all the servers here are professionals.  Friendly but not overly friendly.  Attentive and prompt without hovering. All in all, one of the best, highest quality restaurants in Buffalo.  Expect your meal and drinks to set you back a few bills because you certainly get what you pay for.
For my money this is the best  fine dining restaurant in Western New York. I'm usually a Gastropub kinda guy for that special night out, but at this place you truly get excellent dining experience. The interior is tastefully decorated. Somewhat understated and not pretentious. The dining areas are a bit cramped as the restaurant is small so be warned if you are a bit claustrophobic. The bar area is really well done. Very warm with beautiful brick walls. Very comfortable and classy. For appetizers I tried the Eggplant Napoleon served with fresh mozzarella, tomato, prosciutto, and balsamic vinaigrette. The eggplant is lightly pan-fried,  breaded and seasoned well. A stunning small plate. For dinner I had the lamb chops served with potato gratin. I know, sounds pretty basic. Trust me, it's not.  This is a culinary masterpiece. So tender and delicious. I've never had lamb chops like these before. For such a simple meal every bite was a bit of heaven. Everything about Hutch's was enjoyable. Nice atmosphere, great service, superb high quality food.  Well worth what we paid. For a special night out Hutch's is a winner.
Food:  A+ Service:  A++ Noise Level:  F First, the location on Delaware is a bit weird. There isn't much activity on that block, let alone eateries. It's literally on the only shady block that Delaware Ave has. Can somebody tell me if there was even on-site parking?..my family couldn't find it. I was very, very pleased with the food. My family and I got the Eggplant Napoleon. Lightly-fried eggplant sandwiched in multiple layers with fresh cut tomato slices and fresh mozzarella with a light drizzle of balsamic finger and prosciutto at the base. I wish I didn't have to share this dish with 3 other people. It was clean and refreshing. Probably not great for a large party of people. There was a Halibut special that evening. It was thick, and flaky, and non-fishy. It was fantastic. I tend to eat fish very quickly so I picked on my mother's grilled prawns with linguini. The dish was huge...I knew I should have gotten that instead. My father ordered the bistro steak......which I highly regret not ordering. He normally orders steaks well done (eww!) but thought that a place like this would do a fine job at cooking a steak medium-well. The steak was juicy and tender, cooked right, covered in a savory Cabernet sauce. I've eaten at all of Buffalo's fine dining establishments haven't had a more perfect waiter. He was friendly, calm, attentive, knowledgeable, and professional. He checked in at appropriate times, RESET silverware properly, and poured wine with the label facing you. I didn't even know that was the right thing to do until my brother mentioned after. I was impressed. The noise level inside the dining rooms is horrendously bad. Small rooms + cramped table spacing + large parties of people = one terrible headache. It made Chuck E Cheese look like a library. I couldn't hear myself think and I felt very rushed. The noise factor was truly the only bad thing I have to say about this place. Be smart and try to get an outside table if you can. I can't afford to eat at fancy places often. But the next time I want a good steak, I'll know where to go.
Hutch's is awesome.  Great food. Great service. Nice place. Great bar. Nice selection of beers/wines. They take pride in what they do. I had the surf and turf, and it was PERFECT.
Meh. Trying to be a five star restaurant without five star food. We went here when we were in Buffalo for Christmas break and I was very much underwhelmed with the food. They provide a five star ambiance with five star service. The restaurant was clean and dimly lit, providing a romantic ambiance. Our waitress was friendly and very knowledgable with the menu. For food to be a five star for me, I have to be blown away with the complexity of flavor.  If I can duplicate it at home, its not all that. I ordered the chicken Milanese. It was acceptable, but nothing outstanding. Overpriced for sure in the Buffalo market. If it's not going to taste out of this world and the price is going to be jacked up on steroids, at least put more on the plate. I likely won't be back.
NY strip medium rare (perfectly cooked and juicy) and red wine.  You can order and enjoy other items, but you have to save the space for those two.
Man, What a total let down this restaurant was. I have wanted to go here for years and I can't remember the last time I've been more disappointed in a restaurant. Let's start with the service - awful. Our waitress Michelle clearly had more important tables that she was concerned with. She dropped the special sheet off and never cared to explain them to us. She also never brought us the delicious bread that I've heard so much about. Instead, the bus boy came over and gave us each one piece of bread. She was also the waitress for a few other tables around us and every other table was getting the menu explained and a basket of bread. I understand the bread is minor but she was just  not interested in helping us that night. We also passed her conversing with another employee on our way out and she didn't say a word. The other employee thanked us though! On to the food. We started with a Thai Calamari which was very good. Had a sweet and spicy sauce with it and was some of the best calamari that I've had. This unfortunately was the highlight of our meal. I ordered Monkfish which was wrapped in prosciutto and served over steamed greens and came with a side of grilled vegetables and potatoes. This was the second worst meal that I have ever had while dining out. Absolutely terrible. Imagine an over sized salty slug that was cooked for a minute on each side. The middle of this fish was 100% raw. If it was supposed to be served that way, then they should rethink it. If it wasn't, then that's a poor showing from a restaurant with such credible reviews and recommendations from others. My girlfriend had the chicken Milanese which was better, but for $125 meal I don't want something that we could get for half the price from another restaurant. Our wine was excellent, the bus boys made sure my water glass was never less than half full, the calamari was good and the ambiance was great which is why I didn't give them a 1. There are way too many other restaurants in Buffalo to try to give this place another shot . So disappointing.
The Food was four stars! It's not the best in Buffalo but it is top 5. The service was a little lacking our waiter was great but we had to wait for a while because of a change of shifts. I didn't think this was red lobster so change of shift should not have anything to do with my waiting time.  And my table was wobbly. I paid $65 for the tenderloin, I shouldn't have to balance my table while eating it!!!!!! And wow is it loud in this place. It just not what I thought it would be. It's a 4 star restaurant in Buffalo but in a " big " city it is a 2 star!!! This was my 1st and only visit and it was a let down as far as service and ambiance. I just can't go back and pay that kind of $$ for "ok", when I can get "great" forsake price at another place!! The  jambalaya pasta was amazing !!
The night we ate at Hutch's the hoods in the kitchen broke which meant the restaurant smelled like smoke and no fried foods were available. Since many of the appetizers are fried it limited the available choices. We decided to skip the appetizers and start with salads one of which being the arugula salad. We were then told they were out of arugula after we placed our order. The BLT salad was good as was the veal. The black grouper was very bland and the sauce paired with it was boring and mismatched. The best part of that dish was the crab cake. They should make a main dish focused on the crab cake. The fruit dessert was good but the chocolate torte was uninspired. The service was the best part of the meal. Overall Hutch's is slightly better than average but it is not a solid enough food experience to give it anything more than 3 stars.
Hutch's is amazing.  It is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo, and every time I come here I like it even more.  I enjoy the ambiance in the bar area more than the dining area.  This is mainly because the dining area is very tight, tables very close to each other.  This past friday night on a date with my best friend, we were seated in an area near 3 other tables.  We were able to partake in the conversations going on at the other tables and while that is nice, it is also a little awkward.  Honestly, I shouldn't be complaining, lots of nice compliments were thrown our way and we were able to look at the food ordered by the other tables (which helped us decide what we wanted!).  The food here is phenomenal.  I love the tuna tartare (which was not on the specials most recently--wahhhh, the steak tartare, the ceviche & the liver with bacon and onions. Anytime I have ordered steak, it is delicious.  I personally like leaner cuts but my boyfriend has ordered the ribeye in the past which he enjoyed.  The service is awesome, the waitstaff are always smiling and extremely sweet and kind.  Hutch's, keep up the good work!
Been wanting to try it here and decided to order a couple dishes to go (with twin 1 year olds,  it's much easier to do this).  Started with the shrimp and lobster bisque which was great. I ordered the linguine dish with prawns...it was ok but nothing special.  My husband had the jambalaya pasta which was a better choice of the two. In general though,  I wish I went with a fish dish. ...tuna or salmon.  Pasta just isn't worth $25 a plate no matter what is done with it.
Meh, I've experienced better..this sums up my last experience at "Holy Cow, aren't we so lucky to be eating at HUTCH'S"... Attitude...of clientle and staff ..I wil no longer subject myself to either.  Have been frequenting this place for many, many years..who wants to sit in a over- crowded, over-noisey long -narrow room and eat totally over-priced food?  Not me!  Last week end I had a wonderful steak and pomme frittes at a french bistro in Chicago  $28.00 with ambience !! At Hutch's  $34.00 for a hanger steak and french fries? Give me a break?   Is this the  new way to dine in Western New York?, Instead of meeting friends at the bar..let's have them join us at our table of four..not dining, just drinking and conversing at whatever level they wish!  Imagine, a table of four cramped with six people in an already cramped area and you have some joe schmoe's back in your face..the same table says good-bye to the two "visitors" and a little later "hey, guys, come join us at our table"  six more schmoes at a table of four..please..go to the GD Bar for goodness sake!   Our waiter apologized for his absence during the evening and offered two desserrts on the house..O.K.  but that does not compensate for an evening of... Uncivil, pretentious behavior, overpriced food, poor service, and an ambiance you can throw to the masses..or the simple-mided Joe Schmoes of the world Last time for me!
It really doesn't get much better than this!  SERIOUSLY!  And, I'm kind of a picky chick.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place!  I love the setting.  I love the menu.  I love the wine list.  I love the desserts.  I love the service...... I ate here (for the second time) this past Saturday night.  I was happy and relaxed the minute I walked in the door.  My friend and I shared a wonderful bottle of white (I wish I could remember which one..... but I do remember hints of anise and a delightful mineral finish).  Then I went on to the Arugula Salad (arugula, pecans, tomato, onion, roasted red peppers, goat cheese with a honey-balsamic vinaigrette) YUM!  He had the Moroccan Spiced Shrimp Salad (romaine, arugula, fennel, Kalamata olives, oranges with a citrus vinaigrette) which he found equally delicious.  The salads were accompanied by great bread including the BEST foccacia that I've ever had!  I could have made a meal of that.  SERIOUSLY! For main courses we both opted for items on the "specials menu" (although the regular menu had so many delicious sounding items).  I had the salmon which was spiced and seared over fresh corn and green onion risotto, sweet pepper coulis and accompanied by a jumbo prawn.  It was THE BEST SALMON I've ever had!  And I eat lots of salmon!  And the risotto was PERFECT!  My friend had the veal porterhouse which was herb marinated, grilled over roasted Brussels sprouts and fingerling potatoes with pear mustard.  I don't eat veal, but I tried some of the sprouts and they were mighty tasty.  If I wasn't afraid of a scene I would have grabbed all of them! The desserts (made in house...yippee!) all sounds so good that we each got one (rather then sharing).  My date loved his carrot cake.  My warm apple & dried cranberry crisp was mighty good...especially topped with (HOUSE MADE!!) cinnamon gelato.  WOW!!
Our experience at Hutch's was wonderful. We started with a nice bottle of Chianti wine. I had the tomato mozzarella salad and followed it up with the bison strip steak. It was perfectly prepared. My wife had the jambalaya, which she enjoyed and would recommend. The wait staff was attentive and always seemed to be there when you needed them. When we wanted to be left alone to enjoy the dinner and our company they just knew it. We highly recommend this restaurant.
Make reservations if you plan to come. You will need them because it gets very crowded. Sometimes there may be a wait even if you planned ahead and made reservations. If that's the case grab a drink at the bar. It's located in the back and in a separate room and can get busy on weekend nights. The food is some of the best I've had, period. Their menu is seasonal and always changing, but I always ordered from the specials menu and never had the same thing twice. Never came away disappointed - everything was perfectly cooked, sauced and presented. It's is a great place for a date, or to catch up with a friend, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for large groups.   Hutch's was my favorite restaurant in Buffalo.
Hutch's is one of the restaurants in Buffalo which has earned a solid reputation over the years. One thing people love is consistency - and Hutch's certainly delivers consistency, but they also deliver in a few other areas. One thing people complain about to me concerning Hutch's is that the menu has been the same forever. Maybe that is true, yes, but they also have a specials menu that is nearly as large as the regular menu. Everything is good here. Everything. You really can't make a wrong choice. The last time I visited, I brought a guest for dinner and we ordered some items from both the regular menu and the specials menu. We started with the Thai High Calamari, which is a huge plate of calamari with corn, black beans, chopped cabbage with red pepper vinaigrette. I also ordered a bowl of soup, new according to the waiter, which was I believe a "bisque" made with saffron and mussels. Both starters were fantastic. If you order the calamari, remember it is definitely enough for two. We ordered our entrees off of the specials menu. The guest had the Blackened Grouper, which is served with a type of corn relish, and some shrimp and scallops. She really loved it, and I loved the bite of it I had, but the Bison strip loin with cippolini onions, vegetables, and a mustard/madeira sauce was just outstanding. The entrees are pretty big here. You are definitely going to get great value for money. We were absolutely stuffed by the time the dessert menu came around so we got the entrees wrapped up, but I insisted on getting the almond cookie bowl for dessert. WOW. Even though we were both stuffed somehow we didn't even leave a molecule of that cookie bowl. That is a fantastic dessert, highly recommended. It isn't an inexpensive place, definitely something for a celebration, but the service is wonderful, the food is great, and you will definitely enjoy it and go home happy. NOTE: What people say about the noise is true. You will be using your "big boy/big girl" voice when talking to your dining partner(s).
Went here last night for the first time, but my husband has been before. We had our choice of sitting on the patio or inside. We chose the patio as it was a nice night. We both ordered a glass of wine. I had a California Pinot Noir and my husband had a Meritage. The food was good, but I felt it was lacking presentation and the service was a little slow for a Monday night. The bread didn't arrive until a half hour into placing our order and then, immediately after, our salads arrived. We waited another half hour for our main course, which seemed a little long for tomato mozzarella salad and a NY strip steak. It just didn't seem to be timed out well, but I certainly wouldn't call it bad service, just slower than I would expect. As mentioned, the food was good, but the presentation made me feel as though we were at Ruby Tuesday's. For my dinner I ordered the Eggplant Napoleon off of the small plates menu and a tomato mozzarella salad. My husband ordered the house field greens salad and the NY strip. My entree came first, with my husbands salad, when I had made sure to ask for it to come as my dinner. I didn't say anything because I can understand the confusion in ordering an appetizer for dinner and because it was too tasty to complain about! The eggplant was lightly breaded and fried and then layered between big slices of mozzarella and tomato then placed over a plate of prosciutto and topped with a tomato sauce. The presentation seemed a little sloppy, however, but the taste was spot on. Our "entrees" came next. My husbands NY strip was huge (14oz!) and it came with 2 large onion rings, some grilled veggies, green beans and mashed potatoes! It seemed like a ridiculous amount of food compared to my tomato and mozzarella salad, which consisted of diced cucumbers, onions and mozzarella and red & yellow cherry tomatoes on a plate of prosciutto. Again, the presentation looked amateur for a restaurant of Hutch's stature, but the food tasted good. I asked the waitress for some extra bread and she obliged quickly. We declined dessert because we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary and we had wedding cake waiting for us at home, but the menu looked like it has some nice dessert options. Overall this is a nice restaurant with good food, but something must've been off that night in the kitchen. I'm on the fence about Hutch's, but I would certainly go back and try something different.
Went for date night with my hubby.  Our table wasn't ready when we arrived so we had a drink at the cute bar in the back.  It looked like an old fashioned bar.  They have specialty cocktails and use fresh juices in their drinks.  After 10 minutes they sat us at a table in a small room.  I'm guessing there are different areas in the restaurant.  We shared the beef tartare to start and it was so delicious we finished every bite.  My husband hates onions so our server said they could serve it with all of the ingredients on the side (pickles, capers, onions, cilantro) so that we could mix the tartare how we like.  It came with toasted bread and we asked for more so that we could finish the tartare which was a good sized portion.  For dinner my husband and I both ordered the beef tenderloin au poivre medium rare.  It was tender and even though I thought mine was a little more medium than medium rare it was still good.   We skipped dessert as we like to have an after dinner drink.  Overall nice classic white table cloth atmosphere, good food and service.  I will definitely come back to this restaurant.
You can count on a few things at Hutch's: perfectly cooked food, excellent service, lively atmosphere, and great wine and cocktail selection. This is the kind of place that will shut up all those out-of-towners who claim you can't find anything but wings here! I particularly enjoy sitting at the cozy back bar and making a meal out of some appetizers and cocktails. On my last visit, I sampled an Oyster po-boy that rivaled the first one I tasted on a trip to New Orleans. On that same visit, the mussels, and calamari were equally as delicious, while the beet salad and eggplant napoleon my friends ordered were a bit bland. While the food is consistently well prepared,the menu could use a bit of refreshing, as the offerings have been the same for years. I expect  bit more inventiveness for the price of the meals and prestige of the Chef. Clearly Hutch's has a strong and steady following, but isn't that more of a reason to get a little daring in the kitchen? Creativity aside, you won't be disappointed with your meal here, especially if it's your first visit!
Get the 'braised and glazed bacon' side item.  It was a life-changing bacon experience, to put all of my many bacon experiences to shame!   Atmosphere, food, services and charisma was otherwise excellent. Did I mention, ORDER THE BACON?!?
I went here for New Years with a group of 14 and we had an amazing time.  We only waited for a few minutes to be seated (not bad considering the size of the group), our waiter was great, and our food was delicious.  Seriously, everything I tried was good. My girlfriend had the yellow fin tuna, which was outstanding, and I had the lobster bolognese, again, outstanding.  I sampled pretty much every app on the menu (Raw Oysters, Oysters Rockefeller, Fritto Misto, the Pablano pepper) and each was very good. Honestly, I can't think of a bad thing to say... I can't believe I haven't eaten here before.
We give Hutch's 5 stars for the consistently excellent food, but, if the truth be known it is the best "little bar" with the best wine list in WNY. Yup. Discover a new wine, watch the Sabres and order a few appetizers.  Life dosen't get much better.  Klinkerbrick Red Zin is now a favorite!!
Love Hutch's! A definite must go if you're in Buffalo and craving good food.  My friend and I didn't make a reservation and although it was Saturday night, we didn't have to wait for seats (although it was in the bar area, which I didn't mind because of the cool ambience and vibe). I opted for the salmon which was one of the specials that night... cooked perfectly!  slightly crispy on the outside while warm and soft on the inside.  Even the sides (potatos, cucumber topping, green beans) matched perfectly with the way the fish was marinated.  I finished the ENTIRE plate.  My friend ordered the jambalaya pasta which was also super delicious! It is spicy and has that slight kick to it for anyone who loves spicy food.  I loved it so much that I would even consider picking it up take-out style next time when I'm too lazy to cook. Although we didn't get to try it, their desserts look amazing.  Next time I'd come back for wine and desserts.  Also FYI there is a full bar.  I didn't try any of their martinis but a friend of mine had their chocolate martini and said it was tasty... beware it is not chocolate color though.  Apparently Hutch's has a clear chocolate liquor! Minus one star for the cranked up ac. It was way too cold inside and others complained as well.  Also service is a little slow.
Went here on a busy night and found the most unpleasant thing about the restaurant was the tiny parking lot in the back. I wasn't in the mood to look for street parking, so I ended up doing one of those Austin Powers U-turn type deal to get in and out of the parking spot. We ordered the Thai High Calamari as an app and found it to be pretty good. It wasn't really authentic, but you wouldn't go to a place like this for authenticity anyways. The bread they serve was also outstanding and I had to order more. For entrees, I got the Bistro Steak which was a little tough to my liking but having the maytag bleu cheese on top made it all better. The other dish we tried was the small Jambalaya pasta which I felt was the best thing we ordered that night. Overall, the resto is nice, romantic and has a real cozy feel to it. The service was outstanding and we left very satisfied with everything.
I made a reservation at Hutch's after asking for restaurant recommendations on facebook.  I had it narrowed down to Left Bank and Hutch's, but I called Left Bank and their earliest available dinner table for the night we needed was 10pm, which is too late for us.  I made a reservation at Hutch's for 8:15. We arrived to a relatively full dining room (not packed) and were "greeted" by an unsmiling hostess who made eye contact with me only once, when asking the name on the reservation.  She showed us to our table and I didn't hear her say anything else, like "Your server will be right with you" or "Enjoy your dinner" or anything.  She seemed hassled, like seating us was as fun as being told to replace the paper towels in the bathroom. When the waitstaff came, they were all very friendly.  We had three men who helped us at any given time and they were all very nice. My friends were right - the dining room is close quarters and you can't help but hear all the conversations going on around you.  The seats are so close together that the woman at the table behind us accidentally hit me with her coat when she was putting it on to leave after their meal.  It wasn't like eating in a noisy pub, but it definitely wasn't romantic/intimate/forget the world exists for a while. My husband and I both ordered steak.  I ordered the 9oz Bistro Steak and he ordered the 14oz NY Strip.  Mine was seasoned very nicely and cooked perfectly (ordered medium).  His was a bit underdone for being ordered medium-well but he is not one to complain and ate it as-is.  He enjoyed it but said the seasoning was not anything special.  My steak was served atop a grilled portobello mushroom that was the saltiest thing I'd eaten in a long time.  I'm not sure what they used for marinade, but for as much as I was looking forward to the portobello, I was disappointed.  Both were served with mashed potatoes that were very good, and also grilled vegetables that were delicious. The "buttermilk onion rings" that came with the strip steak were pretty tasteless and seemed like an afterthought. Unfortunately due to our low appetites we did not order any starters, salads, or dessert to review.  I'm sure there are plenty of other tasty things on the menu, but since we weren't blown away, I'm guessing it's unlikely we'll ever go back.
We met here for dinner one evening. We started out in the Bar area while we waited for our table. I opted for a pint of the 471 IPA from Breckenridge Brewery (Breckenridge, CO). A delicious double IPA with hints of a grapefruit citrusy aspect as well as pine - with a nice bitter aftertaste. We were then seated in the dining area for dinner. I opted for their Shrimp and Lobster Bisque and the Caesar salad with Cajun grilled shrimp. I was very pleased to find that they did not over salt the Bisque - a common mistake. The Bisque was smooth and rich with a wonderful silky mouthfeel and small chunks of shrimp and lobster and the perfect hint of Sherry. I added just a smudge of freshly cracked black pepper to bring it into balance. The Caesar salad was your traditional Caesar salad - I liked the spice rub used to Blacken the Cajun shrimp - which gave them a nice bite from a flavor perspective. The greens were fresh and crisp and the salad dressing was in proper proportion - meaning it was not overdressed. Finally, for dessert, I had the Blood Orange Cheesecake with candied orange and a raspberry Grand Marnier sauce. Overall, a delicious, elegant dessert. Not to heavy which is unusual for Cheesecake! The service was very good. The ambiance was cozy. I would definitely eat here again. Beware of parking - there are not a lot of places to park around this restaurant. We had a large SUV rental car due to the snowstorm - and it was very hard to park out on the street at the meters in front of the restaurant.
*Bar only review* I came here over the weekend for a friend's birthday (after dinner...drinks only).  I have never been to Hutch's before so I didn't know what to except.  I was surprised she wanted to come here AFTER dinner, because I always thought of it as being more of a fancy dinner place (from what I've heard and read on YELP).  We walked through the front door and dining area to reach the bar in the back. It was all pretty "blah"...small, white table cloths on tables, glassware waiting on tables, and I really thought "wow this place isn't really anything special".  THEN...we reached the back bar....GORGEOUS! Loved the atmosphere!!  It was a total transformation from the dining area.  Large brick walls with dark lightening ...I then realized why she picked this place.  It was the perfect setting for a group of 10-15 people to have some celebratory birthday drinks in honor of our friend.  The bartenders were friendly and the prices were reasonable.  I will make a note to self to come back here to dine sometime (I know, I know...how have I not been to a Buffalo Staple like Hutch's before!? It's tragic).
My second visit to Hutch's and the food was exceptional.  The choice of appetizers and main courses are vast.  Our steaks were cooked to perfection.  The lobster tail melted in your mouth. The only minus was for how loud it was.  The music playing over the stereo was much too loud which resulted in everyone talking, I mean yelling, in order to hear each other.
Classic Buffalo fine dining. I don't have much to say, b/c no one from b-lo needs to hear that Hutch's is great.  I've been to Hutch's a couple of times. I'd agree with most reviews. Great service and very nice menu. Was there last night and I'd say they had too many specials...it was like another menu. I had a great ceviche that to may palate had a healthy, pleasant amount of cilantro. I also had a bison steak, that really was very similar to steak au poivre (my favorite steak prep). The only thing I'd say against Hutch's is that it can be very noisy on busy nights.
This is a fantastic restaurant. Very unexpected for me of my preconcieved notions of Buffalo cuisine. My parents have been going there since it opened and love this place very much. I can see why, everything was delicious and presented in a glorious manner. Tony, our waiter was one of those waiters that you really hope you get in a place like this. I felt like I'd known him for years and he made our experience there special. I take one star away (I'd do a half if I could)...only because it is so expensive. I just think it's a bit more pricey than it needs to be but...hey, if it's worth it, it's worth it. And this is a great restaurant.
Oh Hutche's, you're really just wonderful. Although, I wish you would fixed that lump of wasabi on your tuna steak. Get the Appetizers!--beet salad, steak tartar, calamari. I want it now!
OMG...Did he just give Hutch's 3 stars??  The finest restaurant in all of Buffalo...it can't be!! Yes, Yes I did give Hutch's 3 stars...because frankly this place is completely played out.  I've been coming to Hutch's semi-regularly since it opened, and for years I believed that Hutch's was THE best restaurant in Buffalo.  Hutch, one of the handful of great Buffalo chefs trained at Olivers, truly was (and still is) one of the finest chefs in Buffalo especially for his pin point technique and execution.  Give the guy a piece of meat and like Thomas Keller he can massage and extract the finest flavors from it.  His Procuitto-wrapped Veal Chop "Saltimboca" style stuffed with fontina and sage may be the very best dish served in all of Buffalo...no joke.  In fact for the first couple of years that I ate there, every dish I tried was spectacular...but that was like 15 years ago.  Problem is NOTHING has changed.  Hutch has sat back on his laurels, soaking up his reputation as one of Buffalo's finest and has put little to no thought into his menu.  Its the same menu it has always been.   Some would say if it ain't Baroque don't fix it...however with restaurants that is not always the case.  I can go back to Hutch's right now and order that Veal Chop and it will still be delicious, but how many times do I want the same thing.   Recently, he finally added a new appetizer, steak tartar, and guess what it was EXCELLENT.  I mean really f'n good!!  Its a classic dish that has all been lost in our modern restaurant scene, almost entirely replaced by carpaccio.  However, his tartar is not enough to keep me coming back.  When I eat at a restaurant on a semi-regular basis I want new and exciting offerings.  It is tough, especially in Buffalo, for a chef to have balls and put items on the menu that he loves and that are delicious, but however, may not be the most popular items.  A great chef should take us out of our comfort zone and expand our taste horizon.  This is especially important for an established chef who has a strong following, like Hutch. Think Aerosmith's Dream On...it is an amazing song (like Hutch's Veal Chop) and I love it every time I hear it.  Every day, literally, I pray that Aerosmith will write another Dream On...but unfortunately they have not. One can always dream.  I think Hutch should get off his lazy a$$ and start crafting some exciting new dishes which really showcase his phenomenal skill.  Show Buffalo that you respect its denizens and start putting out some new and exciting fare on the menu.  Not just old favorites for the crusty blue bloods who frequent your restaurant.  I know Hutch has that magic inside of him, it is just covered in layers and layers of dust.  It would be a comeback story for the ages like Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard...I'm ready for my veal chop Mr. Hutch.  Of course eating at Hutch's for the last several years has illustrated to me that Hutch has no such ambition and that is why one of Buffalo's finest gets 3 stars.  I guess I'll just have to dream until my dreams come true.   Dream on...Dream on...Dream On...Dream oooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnn...
Hutch's is a great quiet spot in an unexpected neighborhood in Buffalo. Although there is not much on Delaware Hutch's is a quaint restaurant that is always busy. It is small in size but has a lively atmosphere. I recommend booking a reservation since it does tend to fill up quickly especially on weekends. The crowd tends to be older, and the service is very warm and friendly always trying to fit in more people. My favorite it the tuna entrée it is always well prepared and has an excellent dipping sauce.
Remains the family restaurant of choice.  Had the 9oz tenderloin delicious, also the halibut special was raved about at our table . Service was far above average (Ricky), looking forward to the next visit
Been there once, and I'm a fan. Started with delicious foccacia and olive oil. Then the best lobster & crab bisque I have ever had. The smoothest texture with bursting lobster flavor. Tender lobster and crab crowded every bite. So simple, yet complex and satisfying.  I don't remember having black grouper before, but again the seafood was so fresh I thought I was seating on a sailboat in the Caribbean Sea. It was cooked perfectly and the butter lemon sauce added an explosion of taste with each forkfull.  I finished with pumpkin and spice gelato. 'Nough said, the chef managed to outdo himself with two scoops of Thanksgiving velvet. I like the bar located way in the back of the restaurant, and the small tables make it easy to have an intimate conversation. Tablemates raved over the Moroccan salmon and caprese salad.
Little upscale restaurant. Bright atmosphere, a bit noisy the night my co-worker and I were there. Service was lacking at first, and then the manager directed a waitress to us. Service recovered then. It was interesting that there were as many nightly specials as there were items on the menu. Quality of the wine and food were above average but not great. This would be a place to try again to see what it is like a 2nd time to see if there is an improvement or not.
A bit behind on my reviews, please pardon me.  Cosmo was good  The. only reason this gets 4 stars is not the food but the commotion and noise in the room we were in was very distracting.  The veal chop and lobster bisque are excellent.  One of our guests ordered the jambalaya, not sure I would have ordered it because it should not be served with penne pasta, but all chefs have different ideas.  Six of us ate and had mixed feelings as to whether we would go back or not.
The fried calamari is atop this Asian slaw, that is so good you'll be tempted to drink the leftover dressing. Hutch's is the kind of restaurant that you can sit and have a lovely meal, or you can spend the night at the bar enjoying the appetizers with a few cocktails (wink, wink). There's kind of a cool environment that attracts a mixed crown of young professionals, sophisticated party-ers and the older demographic. The wide array should communicate one thing, the food is delicious, the environment is cozy and mood is what you make it.
This place changed my perception of fine dining. Excellent food, terrific wine list, a little crowded. Make a reservation and enjoy. Favorite item - sesame crusted tuna. yee haa
I want to start by saying this review is provisional.  I've only been once.  My wife and I went because we've heard many people in the industry speak highly of Hutch's, very highly.   It's been a few weeks since we went and here's what still stands out for me: 1.  It's loud.  Despite my fondness for loud techno in high school, I'm a quiet restaurant type of person.  I like not having to strain to hear my dinner companions (may be related to my listening to loud techno...).  A little fabric over those brick walls would do wonders.   2.  It's crowded.  They were doing a great business when we went.  You can't fault them for being popular, but next time I'm going to try a slower night.  We were practically on top of a four-some of paesanos talking about weightlifting, business, and their love lives.  It was like Sopranos dinner theater. 3.  The waiter was really chummy right off the bat.  Maybe he mistook us for regulars, but he didn't tone it down when found out it was our first time.  It's like the difference between striking up a conversation with someone and sitting on a cross-country flight with someone who instantly thinks they've found their best friend.   4.  The food was good, but the only dish I remember is the BBQ shrimp with Cheddar Grits.  I like every word in that name and every part of that dish was great.  The grits were creamy and Cheddary.  The shrimp were well cooked and the BBQ sauce zesty and flavorful.  They did go overboard with the saucing.  The BBQ sauce was rich and easily drowned out the delicate shrimp flavor and even the Cheddar!  I found myself scraping it off everything.   So why did I give it four stars?  Mostly because I believe it can be better.  My first two points are personal preferences and I think just going on weeknight will solve those.  And I trust the people who recommended it.
Food and atmosphere was good.  Wait staff was attentive to our large group.  I had oysters, the grouper, BLT salad and fruit + creme dessert.  All were very good.  The specials are apparently the big thing here, so probably a good place to visit frequently since the menu is always changing.
Excellent experience!  Atmosphere, service and food were all outstanding.  Menu had great variety of choices (beef, veal, chicken, fish, shellfish, pastas) to accommodate all wishes.   We had a number of servers which were attentive, but not overly bothersome.  Generally asking any server (at any restaurant) for a recommendation means being directed to the most expensive item on the menu.  Our server gave us great recommendations without going directly to the lobster or bone-in steaks.   I was joined by a coworker.  We had a bottle of wine, appetizer, salads (al a carte), and main course for $160.
Never had a disappointing meal or poor service. This is a a consistently very good restaurant albeit a bit loud and crowded. Make a reservation. The bar is interesting. Valet parking is available.
Fine food in a cozy environment. Highly recommended.
One of THE BEST dinners my friends and I have ever had. Pricey but worth it for a good night out with phenomenal food. Everything from the appetizers to dessert were simply mouth watering. Service was amazing as well.
Been eating here for years, it is consistently excellent. Favorite are the stuffed poblano pepper, oysters, & bison steak, and ribeye. Only downside is the noise but you get used to it after being there for a while (it's usually quieter in the back, and the patio in the summers is lovely).
I was really excited to try Hutch's because I had heard some many great things from various friends and co-workers. I made a reservation for early on a Saturday night so it wouldn't be too busy. When we got there the hostess immediately seated us. Which sounds great, but the restaurant was almost empty and she tried to give us a table literally right next to the kitchen window.  I never understand why they try to give you the worst table when the restaurant is virtually empty. The next table she gave us wasn't much better, but we didn't want to have to switch again. The service was prompt and our waiter was very helpful. But the whole time I was distracted by the wait staff going in and out of the kitchen, standing around and talking. The food was their saving grace. My father got the lamb chops, my fiance got the tuna and my mother and I got the bistro steak. All of which were extremely good. Unfortunately I rushed through my meal because the restaurant started to get EXTREMELY crowded and loud. I understand that it is a very popular restaurant and that Saturday is a popular night to go out, but they need to take some of the tables away in the back room. It got so unbearable while we were waiting for our check that my Mom had to leave because of how crowded and noisy it was. Overall I was disappointed. I can see this being a great restaurant maybe on a slower and more quiet evening. But it honestly did not live up to the hype. I can think of several other restaurants in Buffalo that I would have rather gone to.
Hutch's is nice but not as romantic as I thought. I took my wife here on our wedding anniversary and the atmosphere wasn't as intimate as one would hope. When we arrived, we waited at the bar for our table to be ready (which is not a problem). So we got a couple of drinks while we were waiting. The bartenders didn't have any personality and weren't very attentive to when our drinks were empty. When I made the original reservation I requested for a romantic spot. They did bring it up when we first arrived, so I knew that they knew about it. However, when the table was ready, they wanted to seat us across from the noisy kitchen. This was the least romantic spot in the restaurant. We finally had to just pick where we wanted to sit and it was nice that they did allow us to do this. When it came to the food, I don't really have any complaints. The food was pretty good but the experience leading up to it was kind of a let down. We don't usually go to the higher priced restaurants but when we do, we expect the prices of food to match the atmosphere. I have been to places where food and atmosphere were cozy, romantic and fun without the high prices. In short, I feel like there are better places to go with a nice atmosphere and costs less. Maybe my expectations might have been too high, but I don't think I'll come back any time soon.
Now THIS is probably the most consistent high-quality food in Buffalo!  Pricey...yes, but well worth it!  The ONLY complaint is the small tables and tightness in the seating. Very nice bar and GREAT wait and bar staff!!
My husband and I went last night to celebrate our 25th anniversary and were psyched for a relaxing and fun evening at a beautiful table on the porch.  Mmmm...not so much.  Some of the food was good (Moroccan shrimp salad and Apple House Salmon for apps, Bistro steak) but the grilled prawns with linquine was so disappointing - lukewarm at best, no flavor and the pasta stuck together - just terrible.  Worst part was the service - absolutely awful.  The server had a major attitude and just could not be bothered with us ('I'm too busy inside...") and we actually sat with our finished plates in front of us for 30 minutes before we asked someone else to take them.  Very disappointing - won't return anytime soon.
VERY VERY LOUD, Service was good but the food was just OK.  NY Strip steak was cooked to order but was tough and I had trouble cutting it and could not chew any of it  - sent it back.  If you do go here, ask for a table in the back as it is much quieter.  All thing being equal, there are many restaurant in Buffalo that are better.  Feels like they are living on there reputation.
I know that in matters of taste there is no dispute.  Still I have been to many "5 star" yelp restaurants only to be underwhelmed.  Tonight we went to Hutch's (Buffalo, NY) and obviously we loved it!  Overall the meal was incredible!   Soon you will have to wait for the soft shell crab but if you miss it, do come back to have it because it is WONDERFUL!  The soft shell crab special is served with a delicious pico de gallo and some fresh greens.  The accompanying remoulade sauce was to die for!  The lobster club was also a great sandwich.  The veal chop was simply incredible! If you enjoy lobster bisque and jambalaya, certainly try them here!  We feel very fortunate to have ended up at Hutch's after having traveled from Phoenix, AZ today.  We ended up having an absolutely enjoyable meal!  TOP SHELF!  Mark you are doing a great job!  Continued success...  Lisa you are the bomb!  Mike it was a pleasure to meet you and thanks for the Buffalo information.  Cal, thanks for the recommendation!  Can we move you guys to Phoenix?
Hutchs is a very good restaurant. Try the jambalaya, it's not traditional by any means, it's a spicy pasta dish and is awesome!!!!!
Hutch's is easily one of Buffalo's top restaurants.  Although I normally would opt for a filet, their strip steak was highly recommended and did not disappoint.  Definitely a bit pricey, but worth it for an enjoyable night out.
So you think that buffalo is all about wings!  Well you haven't eaten at Hutches!  The calamari is a dream. Crispy and on a bed of Asian veggies which lend just the right amount of crisp a s sweet acce ts. If you li e calves liver this is a find. Hiw about a bed of crispy fries onions? You won't be disappointed. A place worth stopping in. L
Superb in every way. I've found a go to place in buffalo. The bar was fun, the service made me feel like I was in an upscale new york city joint, and the food I am still thinking about the next day. I had the chicken milanese and it had great flavor. y husband had the jambalaya and loved it. But honestly, their best asset of the night was our server. The man knew everything there was to know about everything the restaurant offered, came back to check multiple times, even brought my friend a glass of ice when he noticed his cocktail's ice was melting. I was never for want of water, food, information, and the night went uncharacteristicly smooth for buffalo. When I got up to go to the restroom, I had servers saying excuse me mam, when I went to get my coat I had servers saying I hope you had a lovely night mam. I know it seems silly to get excited about those things, but it just goes to show you how many establishments have not trained their staff appropriately. presentation also gets 5 stars from me. Plates were attractive and appetizing. All in all, we had a wonderful time and I can't wait to go back. Finally, I can say that around here.
