5 star food in the middle of the Pennsylvania wilderness.  The Hotel Manor is located at the southern end of the PA Grand Canyon.  The gorgeous creek side location of this restaurant/hotel, made me want to the automatically give the Hotel Manor top ratings and once I tasted the food I knew I'd found a gem in the wilderness. The setting may draw people in but the incredible food keeps people returning year after year.   I have sampled quite a few of their regular menu items ranging from homemade soups, pizza and burgers to CAB rib-eye steaks and seafood. The owner is definitely a chef and not just a cook, which is evident with the plating and presentation of the entrees even before tasting the wonderful food.  The food is great but the one touch that moved this restaurant from 4 stars to 5 stars is the homemade breads/rolls. All bread items are made from scratch in the restaurant.  The homemade rolls for the mouthwatering cheese steaks and juicy hamburgers are what put the Hotel Manor over the top!   Sitting outside on the deck , watching the kayakers and fishermen in the creek below, while enjoying a delicious meal and ice cold beverage,  make the Hotel Manor a memorable dining experience.
The location alone is worth coming here. Large dining room windows overlook the picturesque Pine Creek. The spacious deck is perfect whenever the bugs or heat are not oppressive. Relax on the wrap around porch, kick back on the Adirondack chairs while sipping a beer from decent variety of beers. Located next to biking and biking trails... this place is out of the way, but worth the effort. Food is pretty good too.
As other reviews stated the location and decorum of the place can not be beat. The food however just wasn't there for me. I had the special, Pasta New Orleans. It just wasn't that great. It was the sauce. For a New Orleans inspired dish it was very bland. I also had the cheese steak. Again I was disappointed. More bread than meat. Weak.  My friends had the clam chowder, cheese stick and fried onion ring all looked good and had no complaints but no raves either. The hotel room was clean and neat. However the walls are paper thin. And there is no TV. Location and structure of the place: 5 stars (you just won't find a more convenient place to fish Pine creek) Food: 2 Stars Hotel: 4 stars
This is well worth the drive.  We have eaten here a few times and it is our new go to place for a nice dinner.  I love eating there when the weather is nice.  The outside deck overlooking Pine Creek is beautiful.   I had the steak salad the first time and it was delicious!  The salad was fresh and the steak was cooked perfectly.  There was actually a guy at the table that literally kept saying..."you're dinner looks delicious."  I just kept smiling and saying "it is delicious".
Excellent choice.  A fine ding option in the wilderness.  Crab cakes are very good.  My daughters favorite is the chicken parm. The soups and sandwiches never disappoint.  On this weeks visit the red pepper crab soup was a real treat. Right off the bike trail and along scenic Slate Run.
An excerpt from my book going LOCAL! Hiking in Pennsylvania is great, but here in Pine Creek Gorge at the gateway to the Pennsylvania Grand Canyon it's amazing! I pulled into a Rails-to-Trails parking lot and got some hiking gear together. The smells of the forest hit me right away. Moss, wet earth and most notably ferns, caused me to take a deep breath which got me started. Walking through the towering hardwoods that stood like sentinels all around me I felt small and insignificant. Upon my return the rumbles of hunger were starting. With just a few miles to go to reach Slate Run and the Hotel Manor, I fired up the Sportster and the blast of his pipes echoed through the gorge. We cruised up the next section of road, which got narrower and with huge drop-offs to the left and lose rock cliffs to the right and there was no room for error. I reached the turnoff to Slate Run, passed Wolfe's General Store and Fly Shop and across the bridge. A grand structure of wood and glass, with a design somewhere between Swiss chalet and classic A-frame, awaited me on the other side. The building rose from its surroundings like a sculpture amidst the gallery of nature. Huge glass windows reflected the lines of the steep angled roof, as well as mirrored the immense deck and sparkling creek in the foreground. On the deck were market umbrellas and I could see tables and chairs underneath and most of them were filled with folks enjoying dinner. If the outside wasn't amazing enough, the inside just blew me away. At this point, it was clear that everything I was seeing here was new and absolutely beautiful! Since they were so busy, I just walked up to the bar to get something to wash down the dust of the road. I braced myself for the usual rural offerings of only big-batch, small-taste beers, but what I saw almost brought a tear to my eye. It was a sign that read "Tröegs - Proudly Served at the Hotel Manor." Was I still asleep and dreaming, or had I unknowingly passed through a wormhole and came out in a parallel universe where men and women realize the beauty of craft beer and going local? But maybe I had simply come across a new breed of restaurateur. Well, according to the scientific principle Acoms Razor - the simplest solution tends to be the correct one. So I asked for a cold bottle of Tröegs Rugged Trail and made for the big Adirondack chairs on the porch. As I sat there enjoying my beer and writing of the days events in my sketchbook, a very classy car pulled up in front of the hotel and an older gentleman got out and made his way to the door. As he approached we looked at each other (as folks tend to do) and I flicked my head up and said "hi." Without hesitation he said, "I know you. You're Ken Hull the artist." I asked how he could have possibly known that. He replied, "I love your work and own several pieces." He introduced himself as Phil Zimmerman, ordered a glass of wine and sat down beside me. Once Phil heard of my journey and that I was camping out that night he offered to buy me dinner. We sat outside under a giant tree that came up through the floor of the deck. Phil ordered the special that night which was Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon and drizzled with a fiddlehead fern and cranberry reduction sauce, accompanied by twice mashed sweet potatoes which were lightly topped with garlic butter. His vegetable was asparagus drizzled with olive oil and finished with shaved Parmesan. I ordered a small pizza. We enjoyed our meals and chatted for an hour or so before Mark appeared again, this time bearing dessert. He sat with us while sipping coffee and told me more about his place. He is as passionate as they come and lives to serve connoisseurs, fisherman, locals and travelers like me. His place is smoke-free and he uses local produce whenever he can. The Hotel Manor is also a licensed, certified Angus Beef restaurant and Mark said he's open to accommodate all dietary needs. And if the spacious dining room, the fly-fishing inspired bar, and the huge deck overlooking Pine Creek weren't enough, the Hotel Manor is also as its name implies, a hotel too! Breakfast is included with your stay and I was tempted to check in for the night. However, I had my heart set on sleeping under the stars. So with the daylight beginning to wane, I thanked Mr. Zimmerman for all his generosity and taking the time to hang out with me. I also thanked Mark for his hospitality (and dessert). I mounted my bike and headed north towards my next adventure. Enjoy!
Food....Excellent.  Burger spot on......New England Clam Chowder...best anywhere.  Appetizers...very tasty.  Service....Fantastic.  Beverages....bottles only...  For a draft beer fans like me, a bummer.  No High Definition TV's anywhere which made watching sports a real drag.
the porch overlooking the creek is the place to be!
