Everything here is amazing from the grilled wings, to the ribs, pulled pork and brisket. I had never eaten something I didn't like. I usually get a 1/2 chicken with ribs and mac and cheese and corn bread and am always pleased with everything. The ribs are to die for, the chicken is ALWAYS moist with huge amounts of flavor and everything is always fantastic. I rate this place the highest when it comes to barbecue as there is no comparison in my mind. Love this place and will keep coming back forever. Only downside is that you usually are always waiting for a place to sit but I've waited and hour before to be seated and it's so freaking worth it!
This place lives up to the hype and then some.  We shared a sampler platter, the ribs were out of this world, the pulled pork was some of the best I've ever had. The brisket was on the dry side but still had flavor.   To the reviewer somewhere below from Gatineau, Quebec from May 2013 (a fellow Canadian and Quebecer), this is how ribs are supposed to be smoked.  That fall off the bone stuff you get at chains like Baton Rouge up in Montreal are not the real deal, they just bake them in the oven, big no-no.  Properly smoked ribs like at Dinosaur are supposed to have some bite and not completely fall off the bone like you are used to.   Even the wings were really good, the mac and cheese side was also some of the best I've had and that oreo desert pie was sweet perfection, not too rich and too sweet but full on chocolate taste. Next time I go, I think just an order of ribs would suit me fine.
I highly recommend.  Had the trio with cheese fries and gumbo. Food was very good.  Service was excellent.
I have heard so many good things about this place. Unfortunately, it was not what I had expected. If I had not heard so many great things, I probably would have given it four stars. I had the pulled pork sandwich Carolina style. It was good, but not great. My uncle had the beef brisket,  and that was disappointing. The original sauce was not good. I wish I had gotten another sauce, but we got it to go and that was the only sauce I had. The girl taking our to go order was friendly, but not overly so. I realize getting "to go" the first time there was not a great decision. However, we were visiting family and couldn't wait over an hour to get a table. I'm going to give this place another try next time I'm in Syracuse. Maybe it was an off night. Overall, the collard greens were the best dish of the entire meal.
Aaron is taking care of us and she is fantastic. Very approachable with a sparkling personality. Thank you Aaron you are the best.
I have only had take out here, and their food is great. I love the ribs and pulled pork, as it is very well seasoned. My family orders from here a lot when ever guests are visiting in Syracuse.
I will not be the first Syracuse person to tell you that Dinosaur BBQ is over-hyped... but I usually have it when it is catered.  So when friends of ours came from out of town and wanted to go we of course obliged.  And I have to admit, the food in the restaurant was pretty damn amazing.  My only problem was the 1 1/2 wait and the fact that there was no good place to stand while we were waiting so we kept getting yelled at to move. It also didn't help us any that somone tried to bring a group of 25... who does that without making arrangements with the restaurant ahead of time? If you have not tried their chicken wings... do it.  They are amazing!
I love the food here, but I'm not crazy about the facility. It's too small in there and they need to add about triple the seating. The food, though, makes up for this small shortcoming.
I was recommended by the hotel staff to eat here. Really thanks to her recommendation. Good choice. I was not impressed from the outside but love everything inside.   Service was good - We wanted to try everything and the server took time to help us. Food was good - The ribs were very tendered and yummy. The wings were unexpectedly delicious. There were many sauces we could choose from. Really love the spicy sauce. We ordered a platter and loved everything on it.  The only comment is the green tomatoes which I did not find it very special.   Definitely will return !!
I ate at Dinosaur Barbecue while in Syracuse on business, and have one word to describe this place - Phenomenal (notice the capital P). Living in Texas I've eaten plenty of barbecue, and this place blows it all out of the water. It doesn't end with the food either. The place has great energy, great beer selection, and great people behind the bar. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone in the Syracuse area - just arrive early to avoid the wait... Even on a Tuesday. Well done!
Pretty solid BBQ, especially considering it's not near any of the traditional BBQ regions.  I detected a blend of influences, a little KC, a little Texas, a little Memphis and a little Carolina.   This Texas boy had a Carolina (pulled Pork with Slaw).  I really enjoyed my sandwich.  the bread wasn't anything special but the meat was tasty.  The slaw was good and I enjoyed the side of collard greens (a little sweet, could have used a little kick).   The sauces were flavorful, but a tad on the thin side.
And a quick little update, I decided Dino will be catering my Wedding.  Word!
Best in the region?  Yes!  One of the best in the country?  Don't think so..BBQ friends:0( But hey, they are the bench mark for the area.  And if I live in the area, it would be the hang-out of my choice!
While on a road trip home from Niagara Falls to Massachusetts we used Yelp to search for a lunch place.  Low and behold we located Dinosaur BBQ, 9 miles from I-90, best damn 9 miles I have driven for BBQ.  15min wait, plenty of tables and a small outdoor bar to keep you occupied.  Large beer selection.  We started with a small order of the honey BBQ wings, incredibly flavorful.  I had the pulled pork and my GF had the ribs w/ Mac & cheese.  Both plates had huge helpings....both meals as a whole were AWESOME!!  Brought home a bottle of sauce, can't wait to try it at home.
Growing up, I loved coming to Dinosaur. The food was great and the atmosphere was fun. I can tell you that nothing has changed, and that's a good thing! Even though I moved across the country, I make it a point to come here every time I come back to Syracuse for a visit. The waitresses even remember my son and I after not seeing them for almost a year! They really do pay attention, and I thought that was super sweet of them. I usually get the Tres Hombres because it gives me a little bit of everything. The brisket is always on point and the ribs and pulled pork won't disappoint you either. GET THE MAC N CHEESE AS A SIDE. It's unbelievable. The best I've ever had. I also get the collard greens, and they have a nice smoky flavor with little pieces of pork too. I've had the fried green tomatoes as well, and those are also delicious! It doesn't matter what you choose. You really can't go wrong. Keep it up, Dinosaur! And open a restaurant in Vegas!
I can't believe how crowded this place gets and now I know why.  This is probably the best BBQ I've had.  We started with the wings.  I loved the sauces and the blue cheese and it was cooked perfectly.  The Drunken Spicy Shrimp Boil was excellent too.  But let's get back to the BBQ - I had the ODE TO LOCKHART - Hot Link sausage, beef brisket and 1/4 rack of ribs.  Wow, everything was so tender and juicy.    Their BBQ sauces are great. Make sure to get there early or it's a long wait.
We were on a drive from Buffalo to stay a couple nights in Syracuse.  A friend that used to live here recommended that we go here, and we were not disappointed.  I got the Beef Brisket and pulled pork plate with the special macaroni and tomato and cucumber salad.  The beef and pork were incredible!  Possible the most tender, moist, and juicy for brisket and pork that I have ever had.  My husband had the big ass pork plate, and he was in love as well.   We got a table outside on a very hot day, and the waitress recommended a Sam Adams summer ale.  She also brought a small glass of pink lemonade with the beer and said to give a little splash into the Sam Adams.  It was awesome!  I normally don't mess with beer, but that little splash of lemony sweetness made the hot weather a little less miserable.   Parking is difficult, so plan on circling the block and paying a meter.  We would certainly go back here, but we are quite excited to know that there is a location in Harlem.  Sweet!
This is seriously good to me.... makes me miss New York! All the sauces and good food and damn, I miss Buffalo Sauce.
Amazing! There is always a long wait and they don't take reservations but it is worth it.   Once you do get seated, service is fast and food is always delicious. I would definitely recommend the Mac and cheese for a side. My only complaint is that I usually leave not being able to button my pants after shoveling pounds of delicious brisket and pulled pork into my mouth.
Only ate their once.  Got horrible food poisoning.  I know people love it but I'd be careful.  They've had this problem for a long time now so clearly they're not making any improvements to how they prepare their foods.
I've been to Texas hill country, the Carolinas and a lot of places in between. I'll put Dino up against any other place in terms of great BBQ. Everything I have had here has been off the wall delicious. Ribs are my favorite. Plus the vibe of the whole place is great too. I usually go on a weeknight when the line is minimal because it can take 2 hours during the weekend to get a table. If you are in Syracuse you must go to Dino. The offshoots in NYC are just not as good as the original.
Amazing! We could barely finish a shared combo! Definitely lives up to its name. I want to go back just to stalk up on their sauces.
Man, how I miss this place. Best BBQ in NNY, wish there was one in DC! If you are in the Syracuse area you, most definitely, need to grab a rack of their famous ribs, they are incredible. Staff is always friendly, have not been there in a while, but Alex was the greatest! Hopefully, I will head north and stop by! Cheers
So first, prepare to wait,you should know that this place will be crowded, and for a very good reason. We started with shrimp, fried green tomatoes and deviled eggs. The shrimp were boiled and seasoned with "foreplay", their own seasoning and served with a tangy and slightly spicy sauce, (very tasty) . The deviled eggs, well, when are deviled eggs ever bad, and theirs are even better! Fried green tomatoes, among the best. The barbeque, sauce was so very tasty, The greens, I'm not sure how exactly they prepare them, but they were tender, and the juice they were in was very well seasoned and had to have broth from some kind of meat they had prepared. The greens were so good I ate them first, before anything else on my plate. Keep in mind I'm not an expert on greens, but I know what I like! The ribs, of course were so tender, they fell off the bone and had just the right amount of sauce, which was wonderful. I saved my chicken for the next day, which did not disappoint, as it was still very juicy upon re-heating. If ever in the area, go to this place, but if you want to add to the graffiti on the table, be careful not to get caught!
After years of want, I sadly give Dinosaur a bad review. I ordered the small plate with chicken, ribs, and brisket around 3pm on a Tuesday. The chicken had no smoke ring on it and really seemed more like shake-n-baked in an oven than having been anywhere near wood. The ribs were OK, I suppose. One rib stuck to the bone, there was only a very subtle smoke flavor, and had grilled sauce spots rather than anything remotely resembling multi-hour bark.  There was a sweet bbq sauce already on it when it arrived...I could have done without.  On the upside, the ribs were not dry. The brisket.  I cringe to consider someone might believe this is Texas brisket. Texas brisket is chopped, not sliced. It's just salt and peppered, not sweet sauced. Now, this was a better-than-average non-Texas brisket as it was moist and had a good smokiness to the meat. Dinosaur did have a good variety of local micro brews, especially for a bbq joint and price of beer was very fair.
So I have been yearning for some good BBQ for so long.. it physically hurts me on the inside.  And since RI is a BBQ wasteland.. where piles of Sysco brand premade pulled pork, and precooked ribs are the norm.. I knew I would have to venture out to find a decent piece of brisket.  And since I didn't have any travel plans that included my compass pointing due South, I settled for passing through Syracuse on the way home from upstate NY and pulled off the highway to find Dinosaur BBQ.   First impressions.. awesome.  Pulled up outside and its got that cool kind of road house/biker bar vibe.. and the smell.. damn.. if I only stopped at the smell coming out fo this place.  To die for.  But I went inside and sat down.. and it was a dive.  But I was on board with it. We ordered a brisket and pulled pork platter, and a baby back rib platter.  So.. disappointing.  My brisket was super fatty.. and tasted of nothing but smoke.  Too much smoke it actually sort of was off putting in my mouth.  Now I love a good smokey bbq where the smoke and the taste of the meat and the dry rub and the sauce all play in harmony.  This was no harmony.  This was Animal from the Muppets (playing the part of the smokey flavor) on lead drums.. smashing away like a maniac.. while Kermit and the rest of the crew we're completely drowned out.  There was no taste from the meat, no hint of seasoning or dry rub.. just nagging cloying smoke. Oh and to make it even worse..  the meat wasn't even hot.. it was warm at best. Same with the pulled pork.  The only saving grace on the plate was the mac and cheese and the beans.  Mac and cheese was creamy and spicey.. and actually hot (temperature wise).  Ribs we're decent.. and the bbq sauce was sweet, but passable. All in all.. should have followed my instincts and known the place was all hype.  Heading to NC in a couple weeks and going to look for the real thing.
This is the best restaurant in NW NY. If you're shopping for a dinner place in Syracuse, you can stop now and enjoy the rest of your day. The negative reviews are unjust, weighted improperly. If you're looking for a bar, have at the other reviews. DBBQ was fantastic past my already high expectations and anticipation. It's busy at night. Don't go to sit during a Syracuse game. Sit in the back past the bar, or ask for wherever Scott's serving. I'll say this again: request Scott. All of the food is great. Big ups to the wings, burgers (including the portobello), chili, "mash," and "sweet pickles." We came here just before trying the official Buffalo wings (in Buffalo) and DBBQ's were better in all ways. Basically, they know their meats. As I said per the portobello, the vegetarian stuff is great--just don't expect many options. Their fries are like Five Guys, and very tasty. Their cornbread is dry and similar to that of Kenny Rogers Roasters (if you can remember). My one complaint would be the salad dressings, which were lacking. I hear they're expanding into other areas of New York. I'll definitely be checking them out and I suggest that you do too.
I Visited this place while dropping my daughter off at Colgate.  I loved the atmosphere.  I started out with the fried green tomato which was OUT OF THIS WORLD.  I also started out with the 4 beer sampler which I love when places do that.  My only downfall was ordering the half rack of ribs.  I should have ordered the 1/4 rack.  I think the fullness took away one star.  No actually they were not the best ribs I ever had.  They were great but not the best.  The waitress was very nice.  Place was busy but I sat right down.  I would go again but I wouldnt drive 300 miles, rather try the place in Harlem next time to compare.
I still love this place BUT, we came in for lunch last Friday.  Parking was a NIGHTMARE, not their fault. We were sat at a table which was so dark I had to use my cell phone flash light to read the menu.  They hide the sandwiches on the back and it was freezing in there. I know they don't care but still.
Satisfactory, but not up to the hype.  Crowds testify to the place's popularity, but metropolitan out-of-towners (like us) may suspect Dinosaur's success owes something to a lack of competition. We shared a Tres Hombres platter--enough for two.  Generous portions are clearly the norm here.  The brisket was undercooked, not reaching the melty-soft ideal, and arrived at our table lukewarm.  The baby back ribs were quite good, with just the right amount of sauce.  I'd happily order a rib platter again.  The pulled pork was good.  Nothing to write home about, but good.  The mac-and-cheese was a little gummy; the beans better.  (Devotees of very sweet baked beans should take note that these are more savory and oniony.)
So mind-blowing that it gives the phrase "BBQ" a whole new meaning!  I first discovered this heaven-sent deliciousness at a friend's party catered by Dinosaur BBQ.  I then had it on-location at the restaurant, and it was equally awesome!! I highly suggest the ribs with any one of their mouth-watering sauces.  The ribs have a slight spicy yet very flavorful rub.  Matches perfectly with the original BBQ sauce.  If you want it more spicy, ask for the Wango Tango sauce.  That stuff is the best! For sides, Mac and Cheese is the way to go.  And yes, it gets capitalized because it really is that amazing.  It's rich, spicy and downright incredible.  I consider myself a macaroni and cheese connoisseur...and trust me, it doesn't get better than this! The portions are dinosaur size (pun intended).  The smallest serving size for the ribs entrees is 3-4 ribs.  When looking at the menu, I thought to myself "who only gets 3 ribs?!"  So I ordered the 5-6 rib serving.  By the time I finished eating, I knew exactly why people order 3 ribs!!  They are gigantic, and very filling in addition to the sides.  I could only finish half my meal, so I had lots of leftovers! And yes, the Syracuse location IS the best Dinosaur BBQ!  It's the original restaurant and can't be beat.  I went to the one in Harlem and it wasn't nearly as good.
Went in expecting a letdown.  This place is awesome.  Holds up to any of the barbecue I've had in the south.  Ribs, pork, brisket, and beans were all awesome.  With 296 reviews for the place, I don't think there's a point in writing much more.
I've spent years in and around the South, Kansas City and other blues and barbecue meccas. Dinosaur BBQ might have been the best of a lifetime: succulent ribs, jerk salmon, cajun chicken -- so, so good. The waitstaff is the nicest ever, plus they're family friendly while still being pretty hip. I had my favorite dessert--Key Lime Pie--and perhaps I was just giddy from the ribs, but I think that it might have been the best I've ever had. Yelp tells me that this place has a nearly perfect rating. I am not surprised.
After hearing about the legendary Dinosaur BBQ for quite some time, I had the opportunity to visit the Syracuse, NY location.  I got a mixed plate which really came with the best of all worlds.  The portions are massive and delicious.  The stereo plays Southern rock and Blues, and the bathrooms are covered in tasteless graffiti.  I walked out of Dinosaur incredibly full and satisfied.
This is good barbecue. It's always a good sign that you leave the BBQ joint smelling like wood smoke. I have only gone pretty early or pretty late, but it does look like it gets crowded at peak hours: plan accordingly. I've had both the pulled pork and ribs, both of which were excellent. I think the original sauce is pretty good but find the others containing habanero pepper a bit overpowering. The slaw and beans are excellent, but the collard greens left something to be desired. Prices are more or less standard for BBQ: not cheap but you do get your money's worth. The Dinosaur smoked porter is also good.
Cool and fun venue.  Great vibe.  Cold beers.  But were the BBQ ribs supposed to taste like they were soaked in gasoline?
Rochester native and then went to Cuse for undergrad. Safe to say I grew up on this magical food. And let me tell you, it is wonderful. Ribs, chicken, pork you name it, it's flavorful, comforting, and perfect in every way. I am partial to the Mac and Cheese. Never had one quite like it! Ill keep coming back again and again
Simply put: best Bbq in the nation. Fantastic ribs, pulled park sammys, and sides. Worth any wait for a table. Great drink selection and we've always had stellar service.
Outstanding service, finger licking BBQ and delicious local beer! The ribs are a must! We enjoyed the little bit of spice in the sauce, so yummy! Seriously everything about this place was great. Especially the manager, Sarge.  They are lucky to have her! Sarge and her staff worked together to keep everything running smoothly with a restaurant full of football fans, runners covered in dye and traveling people like us. Loved this place so much we bought a shirt! We will be back next year!
Sauces and pulled pork are smokey and excellent. Brisket is *THE* best anywhere; puts Texas to shame! Chicken is nice & smokey. Sides are mostly very good; baked beans are not; mac n cheese is tops! We went mid-Saturday afternoon, and it took a few times around the neighborhood to find parking. Wait was long but bar has full menu and excellent service. MUST try their own Dinosaur Ape Hanger Ale, it is very good indeed. We will hit this place often while traversing NY state.
I never imagined I would write a poor review for one of my favorite restaurants and bars. That said, I wanted to review the event space upstairs as I feel it would be helpful to others considering the space to hear my experience. I hosted a NYE party at the event space in Dino BBQ in Syracuse last year. I was renting the room for 100+ people. The evening of our event the space was extremely under staffed. People were waiting 30 + minutes for drinks. The bartenders worked their butts off but there was only two of them and they had to act as their own bar back. This often left one bartender alone. They were so under staffed that the coordinator for the evening needed to work behind the bar as well at times. This made it impossible to settle up the bill. For the entire evening I had to carry $6,000 dollars cash with me. They got the bill wrong too so it caused even more confusion during an already hectic evening.   The room was so under staffed that while preparing the champagne toast no one was available to man the bar (we paid for open bar). We also purchased Mac & Cheese for everyone. We ran out before all the guests even arrived. I could go on and on with examples. However, none of the above is really what drove me to write this review. I understand that mistakes happen. It was how the mistake was handle that really rubbed me the wrong way. The next week I wrote an email to the manager of the event space. I explained the situation. I also was sure to include the positives (I pointed out how professional and extremely hard working the staff was, especially the bartenders and the assigned coordinator that evening). The manager of the event space wrote me an apology  and then offered me a gift card for my inconvenience. Later that week I received a $25 gift card in a blank envelop. I never asked for the event manager for anything, I just wanted to make sure that they were aware how badly the night went so it wouldn't happen to someone else. I genuinely wanted someone to care how stressful the evening was for me.  It was very nice of her to offer me a gift card. But in the end, I was just insulted. I felt that the situation warranted a phone call, a sincere apology or at the very least, a signed note to accompany the gift card. After spending $5000-$6000 the gift card was a joke.  I was so disappointed with Dino event management. In the end, I was embarrassed how the evening turned out. It was a lot of work coordinating it with all my guests and I felt, and still feel, very disappointed with the entire night.
This place is ok but doesn't live up to the hype.  I wasn't unhappy with the food but I wouldn't  go out of my way to return.
We all know that highly praised restaurants featured on the Travel Channel and Food Network can be a bit of a letdown when we experience them first-hand, so I was happy that Dinosaur Bar-B-Que didn't fall into that fateful category.  No disappointment here! My boyfriend and I have been to Syracuse, his home town, together several times.  Dinosaur has been on our to-do list for just about every trip to 'Cuse, but our BBQ plans have always gone awry...until earlier this week!  We headed to Dinosaur for lunch with my guy's aunt, uncle, and cousins; didn't feel like dealing with the inevitable dinnertime line.  Our noon meet-up time proved to be a good choice because by 1PM the place was quite packed. Cool-looking place with friendly, spunky, efficient service.  I especially love the colorful cartoon dinosaur murals that grace just about every wall. Boyfriend decided on the Big Ass Pork Plate, and I ordered the Texas Brisket Plate.  The pulled pork and sliced brisket were delicious and moist.  Each of our entrees came with honey cornbread (tasty but slightly dry) and 2 sides.  Nice big list of different sides from which to choose, and we ended up with the following: * mac and cheese (just OK) * carrot-raison salad (delicious; had both regular raisons and golden raisons) * cucumber-tomato salad (yuck; bitter cucumbers and overly ripe tomatoes) * dressed mixed spring greens (simple and yummy) Dinosaur's fried green tomatoes deserve their own little paragraph; they're incredible, much better than any I've ever made myself or eaten at other restaurants.  My previous experiences with fried tomatoes have entailed tomatoes so tart/acidic that the inside of my mouth was destroyed. My boyfriend had his heart set on purchasing a few bottles of Dinosaur BBQ sauce for our own use and to give as gifts.  Dinosaur's bar sells 4-packs of very nicely packaged products (3 different sauce flavors and a Cajun spice rub) for the totally reasonable price of about $15. Overall, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que holds its own when compared to my favorite BBQ joint--Rudy's in Austin, TX.  That says a whole lot coming from this hardcore carnivore!
Dino BBQ is bomb
What Dinosaur BBQ really means by "dinosaur" is "carnivore"; even still, if you consider yourself of the velociraptor or allosaur varieties  in terms of voraciousness, you might want to reconsider a visit--this place is for the big boys, the metaphorical tyrannosaurs and spinosaurs amongst us, who delight in tearing apart and consuming heaps and heaps of flesh. Think you're more of a fish-loving Pteranodon?  Get the heck out you crazy bird-lizard.   Only eat plants? All you vegetarian sauropods and stegosaurs, and hadrosaurs -- you can get the heck out too. There's nothing for you at Dinosaur BBQ. Seriously now, Dinosaur BBQ is for meat-lovers. The Tres Hombres dish I ordered was hilariously out-of-proportion to what normal people should eat at any one time. Yet it was delicious -- the meat was tender and juicy, slathered in a BBQ sauce that didn't overpower the actual flavor of each item. My girlfriend enjoyed the 1/4 of her pork and brisket dish that she managed to eat in the restaurant -- the rest is in the fridge, and will provide her with sustenance for the next couple of days, I imagine. In hindsight, I should have gotten her dish. The ribs were great and all, but I enjoyed the brisket and pulled pork far more, and could've gone without another pound of meat on my plate. All in all, a good, if decadent experience. We went during the Superbowl so we didn't wait at all -- a smart move given how long waits are supposed to be here. Our server was snarky but helpful.
Best food in town.. Hands down !
I have mixed feelings about this place.. While the BBQ is absolutely fantastic, the wait staff here is quite the opposite. A friend ("Mary's") boyfriend knew ALL waitresses at the Dino BBQ, and let them know that "Mary" was coming, and he told them that when she comes, to seat her outside. He wasn't going to be dining with her that night, he just wanted to be able to watch her. (I'm not kidding.) So when our party arrived, the waitress gave us some BS reason why we couldn't be seated INside (Even though the place was pretty empty) and she insisted we could only be seated outside. Didn't give any reason. It was "just because." She was acting weird when she was lying to us.. I figured she was just an idiot (which, she probably was..) Fine. Seat us outside. We're hungry. What ever. Sure enough, two seconds later, "Mary's" crazy stalker boyfriend walked around the corner. I guess random people can determine other peoples dining experience. Party of 4? Wanna be seated inside? NOPE, SORRY. THAT GUY OVER THERE SAID YOU COULD ONLY SIT OUTSIDE! THANKS DINO BBQ! As for her tip.. haha, tip. Are you nuts?? I'll order the sauce online because we don't have it over here in CA, but I don't think we'll ever, ever, EVER go back.
If you want some good meat, this is the place!
Best BBQ in the state of New York? Quite Possibly! Having visited my friends Gregg & Maureen in Syracuse, a sudden desire for BBQ was upon us.  Luckily, the notorious Dinosaur BBQ was not far from their established residence.  Thus, we were off to Dino BBQ! When first arriving at Dinosaur BBQ, the first thought that comes to mind can be described in two words...  BIKER BAR!  The establishment itself is worn and beat up.  With personal engravings and writings on furniture, it's hard to say that Dino BBQ is the most picturesque scene for any dining establishment.  Nevertheless, the best food is often found at the most unattractive places, as the quality of food is not dictated by the place in which it's served, but rather, by its preparation. After requesting a table for 3, we were told by the hostess it would be a 45 minute wait.  We opted to head to a local bar for a drink before returning. ... 45 minutes later... We returned to find that our table was ready. Upon seating, the back dining area has a relatively friendlier atmosphere than that bar area.  Although a slight feeling of claustrophobia was rendered due to the cluttered seating, the overall subtle feel of the restaurant was quaint, that's accompanied by a lively atmosphere by the loud yet jubilant conversation of fellow patrons. The Food:  Opted to order the Pulled Pork BBQ Sandwich Platter w/ a side of Baked Beans, and  Apple Sauce Pulled Pork BBQ Sandwich:  Spectacular!  Each individual bite of the BBQ Pulled Pork revealed a balance of luscious fat derived from the pork's renderings and extreme sweetness from the BBQ sauce.  The slightly soft texture of the pork made consumption of the application appealing, with little effort required.  Furthermore, the BBQ sauce used in the application provided a subtle tanginess to the application that further amplified the flavors of the pulled pork.  Continued consumption will reveal that the excessive spices derived from the meat works in conjunction to bring together the pulled pork and sauce used in the application.  Patrons will find that consumption of Dino BBQ's rendition to be superbly remarkable. BBQ Baked Beans:  Mildly firm and perfectly sweet.  The Baked Beans possessed a mild cinnamon / sweet taste that's accompanied by a subtle detection of honey flavor.  The Beans themselves were of medium firmness, thus providing a proper balance of meatiness and ease of consumption to the application. Apple Sauce:  It's as described.  Subtle sweetness and earthiness that balanced out the captivating flavors of the pulled pork. For only $8.50, it's a steal!  The remarkable execution in both flavor and texture of the Pulled Pork is one of the best I've personally ever consumed.  Having the ability to possess such excessive flavor with each individual bite, the BBQ Pork should stand above other renditions available.
Really good food. Packed, so you have to wait for tables for awhile. Quite a few diff. Beers on tap, i drank the cider. Awesome! Will def recommend to people.
Im not sure if Dinosaur BBQ exceeded my expectations, but it certainly smoked them, covered them in BBQ sauce and served it with cornbread. Finally got to try this place out after both seeing it on Man vs Food and hearing about it first hand from friends and family. It has a neat little quirky, Coyote Ugly vibe to it, which works well for the concept. From what i understand, DBBQ is ALWAYS packed, as it should be for food that good. The hostess walked that thin line between surly and overly friendly. While being annoyed at having to seat our party of 9, once we were sat, she made a few trips back to the table to see how I (we) was doing. I kept waiting for her to ask if I liked my Sloppy Joes "real sloppy". She was, however, very charming and the perfect fit for that place. The food was BBQ done right, although I think I still like Sweet Lucys better, on all counts. I ordered the meal that had Ribs, Brisket, and pulled pork with 2 sides (mac and cheese and mashed) It was real good and enough to get a second meal out of it, the next day* (* 2 hrs later). Something notable was our server (I think it was Adrianne). She was as good as it gets. She handled our pain in the ass party of 9 like a champ. Never missed a beat or got flustered. Handled all of our special requests and got the food out to us in great time. I was impressed. I dont usually find myself as far north as Syracuse, but you can bet if another opportunity arises, I will be getting my Dinosaur Bar B Que fix again. P.S Re: Humorous Anecdote We had to walk about a block to get to DBBQ from where we parked. I had my kids and crippled mother in tow. We simply cant walk slow enough for the woman to keep up and instead just keep looking back to see if she is still with us. We made the turn on to Willow St and apparently forgot to see if Mom noticed. Upon arriving, we turned to see if she was behind and she was nowhere to be seen. I sent my Daughter back to retrieve her. Of course, Mom kept walking straight to the next corner. When she couldnt see us anymore, she asked a woman nearby where DBBQ was. The woman replied, " Back at that last corner...DIDNT YOU SMELL IT!?"
OK barbque. Not sure what the rant and raves are about. Just seemed like generic sauce slobbered onto the chicken/ribs. Went for a private event, and could not believe how stingy the servers were. Macaroni and cheese was great, but everything else was mediocre.
I went to Dinosaur about two weeks ago and my meal there is still haunting me. The pulled pork and brisket are both amazing: juicy, perfectly cooked and amazing sauce. I would kill for some of the mac and cheese right now. The coleslaw was just okay but I can overlook that. Overall, a sandwich platter with two sides and a soda cost me around $12. Totally worth it. I would gladly pay that money for another meal at Dino. Definitely a must if you're in the area. PS. Buy a bottle or two of the sauce for home. I completely forgot to and I am still kicking myself.
Don't let the decor throw you, this place is worth the wait, and worth the hype. Amazing food, great sauces, and reasonably priced. I'm just glad I don't live in Syracuse or I would be tempted to eat here too often.
So, I asked the gentleman at the front desk of our hotel about Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. I mean, is this a joke? The average business in Syracuse is lucky to have a dozen Yelp reviews. This place has got more than 120. What is the deal? He laughed and said the place is pretty good and does tend to "draw" the Yelp crowd. You know what he means. Anyway..... The place was CROWDED. People standing out front. People standing along the side street. What the heck, we decided to wait our turn. The hostess advised of a 30 minute wait, she was fairly accurate. She was pretty funny, directing people to their table over the loud speaker. "Andrew, party of 6, we have a table ready for you out front on the sidewalk, Andrew, party of 6". Atmosphere inside is interesting. That's my polite way of saying what a dive. Plus, you can get in some real interesting people watching here. Real interesting. We were lucky enough to get a table away from the crowded bar. BJ had one of the specials, which included ribs. I had the Georgia pulled pork. It was good, but I have had better. The coleslaw that came with it was full of celery seed, just the way I like it and the fries seemed to be fresh cut. Our plates were full and so were we when we got done. Even still, we couldn't pass on the sweet potato pecan pie. We got it to go to take back to our room. All in all, a very interesting experience.
Wings are by far the best thing on the menu and probably the best I've had of any place, anywhere!  Brisket and mac salad are good, as well. The corn bread is sub par. Service is OK.
The wait wasn't too bad when we went on a Friday around 7pm. I was a bit overwhelmed by the menu. I couldn't decide what to order so I went with a combination plate. (it's a lot of food yo!) I didn't even touch my chicken! I didn't reallylike the beef brisket, but my sides and ribs were fantastic. I wish I had skipped the chicken and brisket and instead gone with pork brisket, more ribs and more sides! I wish we had saved enough room for dessert, but stupid us ordered wings and fried green tomatoes! I docked one star because the microphone/speaker thing the hostess was using to announce availability of tables outside was too freakin loud!
Stopped on our way through Syracuse last week. A bit hard to find but worth the search. Had the tres hombres and my wife had a half rack. Amazing BBQ, best north of the mason dixon line. We both had the collard greens and BBQ beans, corn bread was delicious. Worth the trip, left with 4 bottles of their sauce to hold us over till our next time, we will be back.
Upon finding out I was heading on a trip to Syracuse for business, I contacted my friend who's a local and knows good food for restaurant recommendations. His reply was, "This is why [my wife] and I are such good cooks." He then went on to say that many people would suggest Dinosaur but he wouldn't. In my short time here he was proven right on both counts - many people would point me in Dinosaur's direction, and now that I've been there I wouldn't recommend it. The place has a great vibe - old wood everywhere, very lively and packed nuts-to-butts. I was able to score a spot at the bar only because two people were leaving when I arrived. The bartender who helped me out was very friendly and amazingly efficient considering the crowd that was there. The beer selection is rock solid (which is why they got their second star). The Syracuse Pale, which I had, is a pretty standard pale ale - not overly hoppy, but still tasty. With 22 taps I'm sure you could find something there. On to the food. I did the ribs/brisket combo with sides of slaw and macaroni&cheese (which the bartender recommended). The mac&cheese was very good, with (I believe) jalapeños. The rest just wasn't that good. The slaw was dry. The ribs came out room temperature and didn't have that much flavor. The brisket was fine, but brisket (as far as I'm concerned) is just a carrier for BBQ sauce. Their BBQ sauce was just bad. I don't know that I can describe it, but the flavor just wasn't right. I'm glad I went as it seems like the "must visit" place in Syracuse. But I certainly won't be heading back.
A bit over rated. I'm from New Orleans, which is not exactly known for BBQ, but found it rather ordinary.
Got the sampler (beef brisket, pulled pork, ribs, mac n cheese, coleslaw) with a side of drunken shrimp. Everything was the best BBQ I've ever had (beating Nashville). My favorite was the ribs. Smokey, tender, and spicy. Heck even the mac n cheese was spicy! Being a spicy food fanatic I was very happy. The only thing I was disappointed in was the coleslaw. Way too tangy for me but it still tasted fresh. Be prepared to wait no matter what time it is and stick around because they won't wait for you!
The okay: Best bbq in Syracuse.  Possibly the only bbq in Syracuse. The caveat: It's pretty generic bbq. The bad: It's overpriced ($20?  Really?  Are the gourmet pigs fed the finest meats and cheeses before being butchered with diamonds?) The ridiculous: It's a trendy-priced restaurant that wants you to think it's a "biker" bar.  Unless the bikers are running drugs they can't afford these prices.  For less money, go to the valley, find a dude outside bbq-ing from some oil drum, and buy his bbq.  It'll be cheaper, and you'll definitely feel macho when you tell your friends about it.  Dinasaur is like goth-deathmetal-christian-rock: It adds up to a contradiction in terms.
The Dinosaur BBQ is drowning in its own legacy.  The food is good, but lacks any excitement anymore.  It's become a tourist attraction.  And all of the flavor from the dirt and vomit is no where to be seen.  I feel like the only people who actually even go to this place anymore are people from out of town who have asked someone whats cool to do in Syracuse.  And the Syracuseian sorta looks uncomfortable and shlumpingly say, "I don't know, I guess there's the BBQ..." I get the feeling that if the biker who used to park his chopper at this place back in the day walked in today, we would gasp and vomit all over the floor, and not from all the crystal meth.  This place is like going to see Lynyrd Skynyrd in 2010.  A poser band playing to a poser crowd.  Its hard to eat here and not feel a little sad, like you're missing something.  Like they've forgotten to put in the secret spice.  Or maybe its just the 24 year old girl who graduated college, looking for a job to get by while she figures out what to do with her Communications degree, breathing heavily into the over head microphone, announcing to the whole restaurant that the Morgans, party of 4, is ready to be seated, that might take you out of things a little bit.   I ordered some medley of ribs, pulled pork, brisket, cornbread, and two sides, I went with mac and cheese (duh) and potato salad (also duh.)  The meal was good.  Solid.  Tasty.  BBQ'ey.  Corn bread tasted a little eggy, don't care for that.  Mac and Cheese was fine.  Potato salad was fine.  Brisket was good.  Ribs were good.  Pulled pork was good.  And yet somehow by the end of the meal I didn't care about any of it.  I just couldn't get excited.  I even tried a few of the bbq sauces that are lined up, sorta like a series of free samples for you to go to the gift shop afterwards and pick up a bottle of your own.  Because clearly I'm not going to be using the Dinosaur BBQ spice rub on my already marinated and cooked food.   So I left feeling a little poorer and little fatter and sorta forgot about the place.  And thats the problem with this place,  It's living in a shadow of expectation that they could never actually succeed at.  They slap you in the face with all the weird shit on the wall and the t shirts, saying, "this place is the coolest fucking place mother fuckkkker, Syracuse! woooo get a load of woo!" when in reality you look next to you and you see your neighbor with his ugly annoying kids waving at you.  Sadly the magic...is gone.  And those bikers who once made this place great, have sadly, drukenly ridden to the next sleazy bbq qoint.  And maybe that place will start to be cool.  And maybe they'll start expanding, and selling tshirts, and letting soccer moms feel comfortable there.  And then maybe that place will suck too.  And the circle of life will continue.
It's good for upstate New York BBQ? After hearing all the glowing reviews, it was kind of a letdown.  I first ate here when I came up for my interview and I thought "Okay, maybe it's an off night," but three times is a pattern.  I just finished leaving a glowing review for one of my favorite BBQ places and outlining this review in my head was depressing. I was never going to be a big fan of this place since I prefer Carolina style (vinegar-based) BBQ sauces, but I've had some excellent sweet sauces.  This was nothing remarkable.  The sides that I've had were good.  The macaroni and cheese is excellent when it's right out of the oven, the baked beans are pretty good, but need more vinegar, the half of my fries that weren't soggy were good.  The brisket was waaay too fatty, it was lukewarm when I got it, and the bun was soggy.  The cuban isn't bad, but the flavors aren't well-balanced.  Why is there BBQ sauce?! I also don't like their shredded pork so I guess I was destined to dislike the sandwich.  I think I'll be making my own BBQ at home.
Oh Em Gee!  Finally a BBQ restaurant with sides that don't taste like crap.  Take that Texas!  I'm sorry Texas, but when your sides for BBQ consist of flavorless beans and disgusting potato salad, you deserve a slap across the face. I'll always love you Texas BBQ, but your sides make me sad :-( I would come back to Dino-BBQ just for the BBQ beans--sweet, delicious, and with bacon! Or how about the AMAZING mac-n-cheese?  I don't know what that seasoning is they put on it, but there must be crack in it. Finally, the BBQ.  I could eat that Dino BBQ pork three times a day and eight days a week (I would make a time machine that created an extra day in the week just so I could eat here more often). Now, the brisket.  OK Texas, you win here.  The beef brisket here doesn't compare to Texas brisket--it just doesn't have the same amount of that delicious smoke flavor.
for the location upstate its pretty decent.  However the server/cashier attitude is that they are doing you a favor to serve you.   I guess no competition does that to any business.   Rice was under-cook - yes, you can feel the grain as you bite into it.  Pull pork was a slap of shredded meat.   Baked beans was more like a bean puree.   Ribs was well done.   If you are craving BBQ in the area go, otherwise save that craving for another city.
Food was okay.  I expected more, given that it's the first Dinosaur BBQ.  I had ribs.  I like my ribs so tender that's falling off the bones, but they were not.  I have also tried Dinosaur BBQ in Stamford, which I thought was better.
I don't know how to describe the feeling i'm having. The ribs, pulled pork, brisket was just amazing.
That's right. I hit it again on the way back home. On a sunday night (6pm), the wait was almost an hour. I ordered a bunch of wings and ate at the table outside. It was a pretty nice 50 degree day. The only reason I got a bit cold was the sweating from the devil's duel wings. I guess I shouldn't complain since there were plenty of girls walking around in shorts and flip flops. I am not sure if they were just not cold or they wanted to show off the legs with 0 tan. Anyway, I even bought a bottle of devil's duel sauce and a bottle of the cajun foreplay powders for summer BBQ. It's safe to say that I got my fix for the time being:)
Absolutely amazing BBQ and sides in a cool/funky atmosphere with great wait staff!  Brisket was the best I have had outside of Texas.  Smoked pork and ribs were also delicious.  Collard greens with smoked turkey necks and black beans and rice were wonderful.  Need to go back to try the shrimp and definitely more brisket.
Pretty darn good stuff here. I want to give it 5 stars for having some of the best bbq I've ever tasted. But I can't compare it to much since I haven't tried too many bbq places. I LOVE their fried green tomatoes which are really addicting! Otherwise, their ribs are finger-lickin' good.  Sadly didn't get to try any of their beer though. Will post pics soon.
At least this town has bbq.  And they do a pretty good job too.  If they don't have anything to claim as their own I will lend them texas/memphis/carolina's bbq.  I had the Carolina style, its wasnt perfect but it was good!  Well worth the trip but go as an early dinner, I went on a Sunday at 4 and was seated right away but by 4;30, 4;45 there was already a line.  Crazy busy.
I am originally from the Rochester area, so I'm used to that restaurant. Which I quite enjoy. Since I've moved to the Syracuse area, my boyfriend and I eat at this location quite frequently. By frequently, I mean about once a week. At this point, it's only for the food. We definitely prefer the Rochester restaurant and here's why: First off, the wait time at the Syracuse location is usually pretty long and there's barely anywhere to wait, save outside on the benches/at the tables. This is hardly sufficient when it's cold out. Though the wait time in Rochester is typically just as long and sometimes longer, there's at least benches inside as well as tables outside at which customers can wait. The Syracuse restaurant is INCREDIBLY cramped. There is not one table in the entire place that I don't feel is cramped or just in the way of traffic in general. I have never, ever felt this way at the Rochester restaurant. The food is definitely not up to its full potential, which is quite disappointing, considering this is the original Dinosaur. The two times we've had the wings, they were cold and under-cooked. The chicken entrees on the other hand are typically over-cooked and soaked in sauces and marinades. The chicken sandwiches are usually pretty good, but not the best. I just love, love, love the macaroni salad, though, and for some reason, it seems to be quite consistent. The staff at the Syracuse location, in general, needs the most work. Almost every person we've encountered has been very unpleasant, for one reason or another. Hardly anyone smiles, we often get condescending tones, and those who just seem as though they'd rather not be bothered. On the contrary, I can't remember one unpleasant staff member at the Rochester location. One server at Syracuse we'd had in particular did not smile once, hardly spoke and when she did, she did not bother to be articulate or audible, and never checked on us once, even to give refills. Needless to say, she did not get a great tip. On the other hand, one night we were seated at a very cramped corner table by the door after a long wait, at which someone's leftover ribs were occupying the adjacent window ledge and for some reason was never cleared. Our server this particular night was actually very friendly and attentive. She even moved us to the adjacent table after the previous occupying party left. The wait for food at this location is typically never long, though, which is one good thing, though I can imagine this may be why the wings are under-cooked. In addition, the night we'd had the particularly unpleasant server, our entrees were brought to us not even five minutes after we received our appetizers! We'll continue going because for the most part, we love the food. At this point, we know what is cooked correctly and is always delicious. However, at any point we have a reason to travel to Rochester, we will be eating at that restaurant.
As many times as we've been on the way up to or back from Upstate, NY, we've never stopped here.  This time was a little bit different, as we actually landed smack-dab in the middle of Syracuse right at lunchtime. Parking was a bit rough as they had some major downtown construction and streets completely blocked off.  That didn't stop us...why? We smelled the restaurant 3 blocks away.  My mouth was watering! We finally found a spot to park, and walked right in.  We decided to sit right in front near the kitchen.  The server greeted us right away and brought our ordered beverages. We all decided to try a variety of smoked meats and sample each others plates.  We decided on ribs, brisket sandwich, and I had a sampler plate loaded with sliced brisket, smoked wings, and ribs. Now, let me preempt this review by saying this:  I am not a guy who over-sauces BBQ.  If BBQ is done right, it rarely needs sauce at all.  So if you're a 'swimming in sauce' kind of person, we can part ways now. Now, on to the plate-o-meat... The smoked wings:  Seasoned very well (dry rubbed/coated), definitely moist and certainly flavorful.  I ordered them dry (sans sauce) and I was pleased!  The meat pulled away from the bone perfectly. The sliced brisket:  Oh my... an absolute perfect smoke ring on HUGE slices of meat.  They were moist and pulled apart with just enough resistance.  The smoke flavor was dominant even over their original sauce that was lightly drizzled over the top.  An excellent choice all by itself! The ribs:  I've fallen in love.  An almost perfect rib with great flavors.  A very moist piece of meat that had their signature spices and a light coating of their Original sauce.  The meat pulled from the bone with perfect resistance. The brisket sandwich:  You have to have great bread to hold it all together, and Dino does it right.  They include a heaping portion of sliced brisket for this sandwich, and the moisture explodes with that wonderful smoke flavor. The other family members weren't too excited about the sauce, but certainly didn't hesitate to clean their plates.  The only 2 things I left on my plate was the cole slaw and the beans.  Cole slaw was too bitter and not wet enough, and the beans were just regular beans - nothing to rave about.  I'll be passing on those next time to get the BBQ mac-n-cheese.  That Mac-n-Cheese was great! Elbow mac with some great real cheese.  Dusted with their dry rub, it's a perfect side to the Q. We will definitely be back!
I relocated fairly far north, about 90 minutes closer to the Canadian border than Syracuse is.  Despite the distance, everyone I have asked about what the best restaurant around the region is, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que kept on coming up.  "Is this place THAT good?" Simply put, yes.  I happened to arrive there when there actually was not a wait time, which apparently is rare.  The decor was what I would want out of a no BS barbecue place.  Writings all over the wooden walls, old-styled paintings and posters, and last but not least, dinosaurs.  Ordered the sweetheart special for 2, and boy it did not disappoint.  The ribs were not short on meat and would slide right off and melt in your mouth, complementing the rich flavors of the side dishes we have chosen (You get to pick x amount of the sides for that meal, I forget how many).  And folks, these ribs aren't the fake ribs that are probably microwaved and then slathered with fake smoking flavors and sauce from your local Chili's.  NAY! These ribs are slow cooked and smoked for hours upon hours to get that tender, juicy, finger-licking good awesomeness.  For that, I am a believer.
The best food I have ever eaten. Mac n Cheese is amazing doesn't compare. We had brisket, ribs, and prime rib and they were all amazing! Oh and cannot forget about the catfish strips for appetizer. The food here definitely does NOT disappoint.
3.5 I am really surprised that this place rates so highly so unanimously in peoples' hearts. The best I can say is that Dinosaur is the actualization of what "family style" chain restaurants should be: good...but not extraordinary, by any means. Ribs are tender, but in a weird sort of way that seems more like science than cooking. The sides are good, but mostly in the sense that they're about 1/3 as heavy as I'd expect them to be. I am happy on Syracuse's behalf that it's managed to export something to New York City besides drunken post-collegians.
i still stand by everything i said in my first review, but i feel like i have to upgrade it to a 5 because this is the place i compare everyplace else to when i try a BBQ restaurant for the first time, and so far i haven't had a restaurant serve me better BBQ. last time i was here i was eating the ribs and it just really bummed be out that no place in binghamton could do ribs that were as good. sure it has it's faults, but no place is perfect. going here is an event, i've actually waited over an hour to get seating here because the food was worth waiting for, and that's after my friends and i spent an hour driving here. there were a few times where i couldn't wait that long so i just got takeout and at it in the car, no problem. the food here always seems fresh, which is the edge they have over every other BBQ joint, when you get this much business the food doesn't sit around for hours waiting to be sold. also, if you cook at home you should buy their cookbook, i have a ton of BBQ books and theirs still remains one of my favorites (along with the Big Bob Gibson BBQ cookbook)
It had been six years since my last Dinosaur Bar-B-Que experience and over those six years I have eaten a lot of barbecue in the hopes of finding something as good as the Dino.  But the years passed and my memory of the Dino faded and I began to accept some of these barbecue joints as being close to equals.   All of that changed during a trip to New York a couple weeks ago.  With a Tres Hombres combo platter - sliced beef brisket, ribs and pulled pork - I came out from the woods and into the light.   The Dino's ribs have a tangy flavor that is unlike any other ribs I have ever tasted.  They are cooked perfectly and melt right off the bone into your mouth.  And don't even get me started on the pulled pork.  Oh my god.  I'd forgotten what pulled pork was actually supposed to be.  Not long stringy shreds like I've been eating out here but nice tender chucks of pork that melt away as you eat them. Dinosaur, you have spoiled me.  How am I ever going to eat barbecue in California again?
I must say that I officially had the best bar-b-que I've ever had at Dinosaur. My favorite thing I've had there has to be the Brisket Reuben, which was just an amazing amalgamation of flavor. I may or may not have had a bit of a food-gasm while eating this sandwich. The roll is superb, very fresh with a great consistency and a nice taste. Then the brisket itself is incredible, it has a nice caramelization but it also  is very tender, The bar-b-que sauce just brings it to a whole new level of melt in your mouth goodness. Finally the cole slaw on top gives the sandwich a nice tang and an extra crunchy consistency. I've also had their pulled pork and their ribs, both of which are pretty basic BBQ fare but are perfected at Dinosaur. The ribs are much more expensive than else where (a half-rack here is just a little less than a full-rack elsewhere) but they are very meaty, perfectly cooked, and full of flavor. The sides I've tried have all been delicious. The fresh-cut fries are very good, and they almost have a certain potato chip flavor to them. The macaroni n' cheese is amazing and very unique, it has a bit of heat and is full of cheesy goodness. The corn bread is pretty basic, but the cole slaw is some of the best I've ever had, it is definitely more of a vinegar base instead of mayonnaise. Regarding the actual store, it is pretty small and usually very busy and it only has street parking. The To-Go pick up is very quick and when I've gotten lucky with parking right in front of the restaurant to pick up my food.
When I first lived off campus in college, I became an expert at cooking the chili recipe on the side of a bag of Safeway pinto beans. I went home to Dallas that Christmas and proudly cooked a batch for my mom. She said "son, it's good, but it ain't chili." Because, of course, real Texas chili would never have beans in it. I was reminded of this lesson eating at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. My authenticity sirens were going off because there was no smoke taste and the meat came pre-slathered in sauce. ("Mango Tango" is available on the table.) However, it was pretty gosh dang good. As were the barbecue beans I ordered as one of my sides, full of bits of last night's meats. The atmosphere is fun here, with enough barflies and insufficiently-bra'd zaftig waitresses to keep it real vs seeming like a chain establishment. Also, they have a really well-chosen selection of draft beers and ales with the fortitude to stand up to the meats.
I love Dinosaur BBQ! Love the sides...mmmm....The corn bread, mac n' cheese, homemade chunky applesauce....drool...And I love their bbq sauces. My favorite is Wango Tango, and I recommend it to ppl who love sweet and HOT bbq sauces. If you're in Syracuse (or Rochester), def try this place!
This bbq restaurant is more like a funky dive bar that happens to serve bbq. The food is below average for a place that specialized in bbq. But customer service is fast and friendly. I had Dinosaur ape hanger ale - sweet ale not that good, BBQ jerk wings - okay but more mild than hot, ribs - tender and juicy but no smoke flavor, Mac and cheese- very starchy noodles with a funky cheese combo & greens- full of turkey meet but heavy on the vinegar. Jam packed at 12:30 for lunch.
its wild, Ive been going to Dinosaur BBQ since I was a lil dinosaur, everytime my family drives thru syracuse its a must! Everytime we go, the place is going off! 45 min wait, But Worth the wait! (Plus, if you eat at a restaurant that isnt busy, OBviously theres something wrong, this place is busy all the time because it is the best)  Usually time flys over there so we dont sweat it, and if you are in a hurry, you can order food to go! Ive been living all across the US and to be honest this is by far my favorite bbq joint, the atmosphere and the staff make you feel right at home. Last time we went it was busy(like usual), went to the bar to hang out and ended up getting a seat at the Bar for the first time! I think thats the best seat in the house, the bartender Spills was such an awesome Bartender/ waiter. He answered all out concerns about allergie concerns in certain sides (they have a list witch every item on the menu, stating if theres milk, Gluten, etc) , Spills gave us great recomendations which made the ordering process faster. The guy knows his stuff! Good Looks Spills! My parents are sometimes annoyed easier than others by waiters and bartenders but they gave this guy the Two Thumbs up and we had yet another great time at the Dinosaur BBQ. This place is essential for everyone to eat at at least once, then twice, then your a lifer.
I've been a few more times since my original review, and the quality has continued to be vary wildly - but has been more bad than good.  On my last visit, a few weeks ago, I had the small Nuevo sampler.  The ribs, although nicely cooked and not fatty - were slightly cool - not even warmed up past room temperature. The chicken had limp rubbery skin and no evidence of smokiness. In the past I've always found their chicken to be excellent but this was seriously sub-par.  Finally, the sample of brisket was paper thin and stringy - as though they had taken a  few stray pieces that weren't fit to be served with a  regular dinner, and threw them onto the small sized sampler. My girlfriend  had a different sampler. The brisket on hers was decent and the other dishes were "okay". She had never been to Dino before and was unimpressed. I have been many, many times but officially give up. I may try take-out from them again eventually (have generally had good experience with the takeout.)  I've ALWAYS had good experiences with food from their catering service (have had their catered food at least 4 to 5 times.)  I cannot in good conscience recommend dining in at Dino simply because my experiences have gone from inconsistent to consistently mediocre.   Very disappointed - they can do better and Syracuse deserves better. And no - I did not ask the waitress to replace the meal - they've been around for long enough to get it right the first time. If they screwed up three out of three main times on a  sampler I have no confidence that it woudl be much better with a re-try . The band was about to start, it was late, it was noisy and we were tired. I paid the bill left a good tip, and got the heck out of there.
There may be a bunch of locations around NY and now NJ and CT but there is only one original. Syracuse has a seasoned flavor and look that cannot be achieved anywhere else no matter how hard they try. I always have to get the ribs because they are the best thing on the menu. Give the chicken wings a try too! They are different then normal Buffalo wings, as they are smoked and finished on the grill, but a welcomed change.
I don't understand how this AWESOME place only has 375 reviews?!!! This isn't doing Dino ANY justice! I've driven here at least 7 times and waited at least 2 hours each time, and STILL wanna come back for more! Ribs are effin amayyyzin, and beats Phil's BBQ (San Diego) ANYTIME! More details here: inagoodfoodmood.wordpres… I hereby declare this the BESTTTT BARRRBEEQUEEE RIBS IN THE STATES.
OMFG. The BEST brisket my tongue has ever grazed against that did not require my teeth---because of how moist and tender it was and I did not have to slather it in sauce. OMG it was buttery. Yes, buttery. And the last time I had buttery other than butter was the filet mignon I had in Cancun years ago. It's true, the hype is absolutely true. This is why this was featured on TV at Man VS Food. This is why the president dined here. This is why out of the rarely reviewed restaurants here in Syracuse this has 459 (the locals aren't so fond of Yelp, I guess). That's why we had to go at 3pm coz there's lines and lines of bikers and tourists and local diners if you come at busy hours. And I finally have a reverence for homemade mac and cheese. I have tried mac and cheese at lots and lots of restaurants and it is only now that I have graduated from my firm belief from Kraft. I am free! Lol. So if you come to Syracuse, you come here. At 3pm. And try the Syracuse pale ale, and the extra fancy fried green tomatoes, the brisket... stuff your face and just burn it off at the gym later.
Some of the best BBQ I've had in the northeast.  Def. make a stop if you are driving through upstate NY.  The joint was wicked crowded at 6p on a Friday, wait was over 1.5 hrs, and bar area was packed.  Thank goodness for take out, so we only waited about 15 mins and our food was ready. We ordered the brisket, which was super  tender and flavorful,with some fatty grisel parts.  The ribs were delicious, with the nice crisp top and tender, fall-off-the-bone meat under that, packed with flavor. As for sides, the mac n cheese was unique, it had some sort of spice and a bit sour hint to it, not sure what was added.  The black beans and rice were standard, but I was a big fan of their cucumber tomatoes (very refreshing to pair with the bbq).  I also liked their cornbread which was the perfect texture and sweetness.
Bangin' ass BBQ!  The bad part is that there's a tremendous wait because of all Syracuse goes to Dinosaur BBQ on Fridays it seems.  You know their bbq is LEGIT when you see 4 black men manning that grill hardcore.  The chicken was so tender and juicy in which that's how chicken should be served.  We ordered two ribs but one of the racks were not as good as the other and I didn't get to taste the good rack so there's inconsistency with the ribs.  Not sure why.  The sides were great.  I liked the macaroni and cheese and the chili.  Great BBQ!
This places serves up some awesome BBQ!  We ended up trying the pork ribs, brisket, pulled pork, 2 types of hot chicken wings, the bbq chicken, cornbread, beans, mashed potatoes and coleslaw. The rumours are true, the ribs and chicken are awesome as well as the mashed potatoes. The mac and cheese, beans, coleslaw and pulled pork are also very good. I'm not sure what it was about the brisket but it was ok...super fatty, pretty tender and barely sauced.  The wings had very good sauce but not my style as I prefer wings that are fried and crispy on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  These wings are soft and tender all around and makes it taste a bit sloppy. I did not like the cornbread.  It was extremely dense and not that moist. The place can be considered pricey for a BBQ place but portions are large and food is awesome.
Why are you reading reviews? If you've never been here get in your car and go now! If you don't live in the Cuse, Rocha cha, or the city, order the cookbook and impress your friends.
This place is happening! Great atmosphere great food. Get the rib eye and boddingtons
We waited about one hour for our table.  Once seated we really enjoyed our dinners.  Our waitress Jezebel was terrific. We started with fried green tomatoes.  Good but I could have done without the thick coating.   I ordered ribs and brisket.  Very good. My sides were cucumber and tomato salad which was great.  I also got the mac and cheese which others raved about.  I really did not care for it, however my other dining partners loved it.  However, the highlight of the meal is the cornbread.  The best I have ever tasted.  Their local draft beer was also wonderful. For dessert we had sweetpotato pecan pie and a penutbutter pie.   Peanutbutter pie was well worth the calories.  Get a slice and share even of you are stuffed.   Bottom-line is Dinosaur is well worth the wait.
The thick aroma of BBQ is so deliciously dizzying that it should be considered an appetizer and be sold for $4.99 to any waiting customer lucky enough to be in its presence. To be seated, you must go through a feat of strengths. First, try your shot at parallel parking between two motorcycles, while an anxious crowd sadistically hopes the bikes fall like dominos. Pass the test, but walk uncomfortably past a staring biker with a vintage Americade tank top. Try to feel cooler by taking off your tie mid-walk. Now the wait, at least twenty five minutes- and that's during the slow period. You must trust me, it's well worth it. When describing Dinosaur BBQ, Jesus once stammered, "Wayyy better than anything my mom ever cooked." Get served by the roughest, but surprisingly coolest waitress that has ever taken your order. Experiment with a Sweet Tea to start. Not quite sure how you southerners drink a glass of sugar. If you decide to order a water, fear that the waitress will call you a pussy to your face. You're best off with an ice cold brew (they have plenty to choose from). The wait was long, you should be on your third by now. Don't fill up, let this one linger. It's time to devour an appetizer sampler with your friend. Fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, wings. Get a taste of everything. Fried green tomatoes are good, right? If you're a man, you will order the sweetheart deal for two. If you are a 145 pound man-boy like myself,  you're better off with a half rack, two sides, and corn bread. Let's talk about the ribs. Tap one on your plate and watch the meat fall right off. Try all the sauces. The sauce is more potent than paint. Wash your hands for days and traces will still appear. And that smell will not disappear. It wakes you up in the middle of the night when the food hangover kicks in. A lot of food has just been ingested, but remnants of the sides remain. You did your best, but it was not impressive enough, according to the waitress. Taunting you like a pissed off mother, she insists you clean your plate. Thank you for the coma. For the record, this review only applies to the original location.
Hello All! I'm a Native Syracusan and just recently moved to San Diego. Well, i just found Yelp! and must tell you! GO TO THE Dinosaur! Syracuse Original (now 1 in Rochester & 1 in NYC). Best scene Best People & the Best food... on my travels from NY to CA i watched the Dino get featured on the Food Networks " Best Things Ever" for their Pulled Pork i think it was, anything with Dino BBQ Sauce on it is BOMB try the Wango Tango sauce.
Missing this place all sorts of bad! not sure what to add to the other reviews so I'll just list my favorites. First and foremost, their soups!!!! Best soups I've ever had in my life, with the 'Roasted Tomato Garlic' easily being #1. They have chili every day(I've never had it) and they have one special soup each day (i've had them all) They have the Roasted Tomato Garlic every Sunday, this would be the day I would make my way downtown for it. I also cook this pretty often, and every time a friend tries it they practically fall on the floor because its so good. Next would be their 'Fried Green Tomatoes', fancy style. Hmmmmm I miss these babies. I still haven't made these yet but as soon as I can get my hands on some green tomatoes I'm on it like a fat kid on a smartie. Other best side IMO is the mac salad and cucumber/tomato salad. When its in season their apple sauce is the best I've ever had. Cuban is my favorite sandwich there, the pickles on it are killer! For main dishes, I don't think I've ever been disappointed. I don't like their brisket as much as most, but usually I just look at their sampler platters, decide which one I'm in the mood for and go to town! I also HIGHLY recommend their cookbook. Now that I'm in California and don't have access to the joint I use it about 2x per week. My girlfriend is a pretty high end foodie and she's already declared it the best cook book ever! All in all really good food, really good service and a really good scene. Can't beat this place
I have been here more than 4 times now, and wow is this place amazing. The foods awesome, and the pricing is great. I LOVE the macaroni and cheese, topped with cajun spices and slather sauce! Their combos with ribs/chicken are on point too. The sandwiches, however, are a bit lackluster. Guess you can't have it all. The decor is vibrant and lively. There is usually always a wait for dinner/lunch. The most I have waited was 1.5 hours. I don't recommend this place for a quiet romantic dinner. Don't expect to eat health here either. The place does get packed, and service does diminish with it (sometimes). I have had a poor experience with a waitress that recommended me a new item, which was horrible and then I asked for something else. She said sure. She then charged for it and was obnoxious when I asked why I was charged for something I didn't eat or like. But thats just one poor experience. The food is great and I always go when I am in the area! Do it up!
My wife and I were prompted to visit as we headed East from Toronto and had seen this restaurant profiled on the Food Network. It was a short haul off the interstate and parking was a small issue, we ended up finding a pay lot about a block and a half away. It was 2:30pm and we still had to wait a short while for a seat, which I actually viewed as a positive - any place that busy at 2:30pm must be good. The beer list was good, a nice selection of local micros and they do flights of samplers. I snagged a flight of four: Middle Ages Ape Hangar Ale, Middle Ages Wailing Wench, Ithaca Cascazilla and Lake Placid Ubu Ale. It's tough to pour samplers and they didn't do a very good job, but the beers were fresh and ranged from poor (Ape Hangar) to awesome (Cascazilla). Now, the food. I took the brisket and pulled pork combo with sides of chili and beans. All of it was great, cook perfectly with noticeable smoke rings, the beans with some terrific flavour. The cornbread on the side was excellent. My wife took the quarter chicken with ribs combo and found the ribs to be excellent, the chicken to be good. Her side of cucumber and tomato salad was about as good as one can make tomato and cucumber salad, but the mac and cheese was a bit too rich and uses some extremely sharp cheeses. Good if that's your thing. She'd asked for mashed potatoes and gravy and they'd been out, but our waitress proudly brought some mid-meal when it had come available! It was excellent. All in all great food, great service, and great beers. I can see why this place is so popular, highly recommended.
I have never been a fan of barbecue until I started traveling to Syracuse.  I don't know if it is the mess or bottled BBQ sauces I was exposed to as a child.  Whatever it was, Dinosaur cured me of my aversion to barbecue.  Go there on a weekend and see the friendliest group of leather clad biker gang looking guys and women hanging out eating the best barbecue on the planet.  Around lunch time on a Saturday you will hear the thunderous roar of Harleys and Harley type bikes pulling up to the Dinosaur.   It is not a huge place but it is always packed.  From the weekend daytime crowd to the evening crowds that show up for live performances.  There is also a separate bar area where a lot of people just hang out on weekends. I don't know where to start with the food.  I have eaten just about everything on the menu and loved all of it.  The ribs are fantastic.  It's almost worth the friggen winters there for the ribs.  They fall off the bone and the meat is so tender.  They are great as leftovers as well.  The barbecue chicken is cooked just right with a barbecue sauce that doesn't overwhelm.  The barbecue pork is great to munch on.  Sliced not too thick and not too thin, it is marinated perfectly.  I have only tried the brisket once and it was very good.  Not a huge brisket fan, even at the Dinosaur.  I never talk about sides but this place does the best sides I have ever eaten.  The macaroni salad and the coleslaw are not too mayonaisy (That's a word, right? Well, it is now.)  and have just the right amount of spice.  The chili, mash potatoes and the tomato cucumber salad are all delicious.  I would have such a hard time there because I would formulate the order in my head like it was my last meal on earth.  Visualizing a meal large enough to feed a small village being ordered for two. I spent two and half years commuting to Syracuse and one of the big things that got me on the plane every time was the anticipation of another meal at the Dinosaur.  I met the father of one of the owners and begged him to open a Dinosaur on the west coast but got the impression that I would be seeing pigs alongside my flight home before that would happen.  I suppose if they have to suffer those winters, the gods must have to give something up.... One note....  They landed on Plymouth Rock.  We get that.  They began settling and Syracuse was one stop.  As the settlers moved west, didn't someone send by carrier pigeon or something a message to the Syracuse residents that they didn't have to freeze their butts off during winters?  And once they learned of warmer winters, they stayed because?????  Oh, nevermind..... If you are ever passing through or near Syracuse, you have to try this place.  You will never think of barbecue the same way again.
I'm reviewing the most reviewed and highest rated restaurant in Syracuse. Dinosaur BBQ is the best BBQ we've had in Upstate NY which serves up very tasty smoked & BBQ meats and ribs and definitely not the right place to be if you're a vegetarian. We enjoy having dinner at the Dinosaur when were in Syracuse! The roadhouse atmosphere which has live entertainment, is very loud and there's usually a wait for a table around dinnertime, usually 20 minutes when we've been here. All of the food we've had, from the appetizers, sandwiches, platters, and the desserts were excellent. The BBQ Ribs are very tangy and tender, fall off the bone. The Big Ass Pork Plate (with real mashed potatoes & gravy and chili & cornbread ) rocks!!!! The desserts seem to change each time we've been here, but I really enjoyed the blueberry pie with ice cream last time. Dinosaur BBQ has other locations in Rochester to the west and New York City to the southeast, but what about Albany to the east???? Dinosaur BBQ should open up another location in the Greater Albany area (Capital District) which has been deprived of excellent BBQ. The BBQ options in the Capital District are decent at best, and I've not given out any 5 STARS under the BBQ category in Albany. Perhaps Smokey Bones BBQ (a chain restaurant in Colonie) gets 4 stars. Syracuse, Rochester, and NYC!! You have been sooo spoiled, in a great way!
I know everyone raves about this place but I had a lackluster experience. I've got no problem with the 90 minute wait. In fact, that's a good sign. However, my pulled pork was super fatty and gristle-filled. Ribs were dry. Brisket  meh. Side were all great, but I'm not there for the sides. So, maybe I just caught them on an off night.  Summary--Good for Syracuse, but not acceptable in the BBQ states.
Check-in a year after my last review.  Still sublime.  Eventually working through all the sides and barbecue sauces to find the right cosmic combination.  Think it might be the wango tango sweet habanero with just a dash of garlic chipotle. The bbq is terrific, but I always have more fun trying out the sides.  There must be a dozen: - Mac and cheese is great but my personal preference is slightly overcooked noodles (sorry )and Dinosaur does it al dente. - Mashed potatoes are real mashed potatoes - excellent delivery vehicle for meat and bbq sauce; - Carrot and raisin salad - tastes better than you expect.  Dash of cinnamon. - Tomato and cucumber salad - good and garlicky - Baked beans are spicy as advertised - Chili is tasty. - Cornbread is sweet and moist Next time... collard greens and turkey neck. (I'm not kidding) While not an official side, pay a little extra if you like fried green tomatoes. They're worth it. PS - Customer service is still very well organized and a 30 minute wait is actually kind of fun.
Got one of their big take-out family meals. Brisket was bland and dry, mac and cheese was flavorless. Corn bread was alright. I grew up on Brooks in Oneonta so maybe I'm biased but i don't think it was very good
Wow! If you are in the upstate NY area, check out the Dinosaur BBQ. Delish!  A family fav, hubby and I enjoy their spicy rub and BBQ sauce at home all the time. You can purchase online or in NY groceries. The Syracuse location is usually packed, but a friendly server had a pitcher of beer on the table quickly and our orders of the original Fried Green Tomatoes were delivered shortly after. Holy moley, these are some awesome FGT! The cornmeal and flour coating is crunchy, not at all greasy and the ranch dressy is perfect with the slight acidity of the tomatoes. Peel and eat shrimp were outstanding, great flavor and freshness. I also ordered the chopped salad, which was a nice portion of fresh chopped lettuces, spiced walnuts, tomatoes and cucumber. The house dressing is blue cheese with their spicy dino rub mixed in- outstanding.   The pulled pork sandwich and cuban sandwhiches were enjoyed by our table along with the double meat (brisket and ribs) and pulled pork platters. Sides enjoyed included: Mac and cheese (creamy, cheesy and a hint of dino rub) collards, (not salty) Chili (flavorful), Tomato and Cucumber salad (Super fresh and tasty), baked beans (made with ground beef, super tasty) and the corn bread. The meats were tender and flavorful, the ribs were super tender with a nice crust. Great smoked ribs. Hubby enjoyed the ribs over the brisket which was not as tender, but very good. As if the foods aren't good enough, the sauces are awesome. We became addicted to the Wango Tango, sweeter on the front end and spicy on the finish. Service was outstanding.
This place is a good place to go if you've never been and you want to check it out. But I've been here when it's crowded (usually is) and when it's not. When it's crowded they treat you like they want you to go away.  When it's not busy, you are their best customer.  Anyway, if it's busy and they tell you it's an hour (or more) wait...don't wait.  Go elsewhere.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is just great. The first time I went was on a Wednesday afternoon to get lunch, and the place was packed. We had to wait 20 minutes to be seated-on a WEDNESDAY. Pretty crazy. Once we were seated, I ordered pretty much every different kind of meat on the menu with mac and cheese and chili on the side. I practically licked my plate clean it was so good. The second time I came here I brought some friends from college to try it on a Saturday night. Well that was a huge mistake. We waited an hour and a half-crazy packed! But, when we were seated it didn't matter anymore-still amazing food that was still definitely worth the wait. One weird side story about that time: There was a group of about 15 people sitting at the table behind us. It was a birthday celebration for one of the women (who claimed she was 25 but she was definitely NOT 25-probably closer to 45), and they were super loud. Whatever, it's a bar, we expected that. At some point a group of the girls took the birthday girl (er, woman) into the bathroom with two pitchers of beer and drank in one of the stalls. Don't ask me how they crammed 5 girls into one of those stalls, but regardless-it was pretty entertaining.
I gave it 5 stars. I can't bring myself to dock them for the long waits, but I'd advise you to plan ahead, get there early, or go on a warm day so you don't mind standing outside. Outstanding mixed platters if you can't make up your mind between the awesome brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Chicken looks terrific (and my wife says it is) but I can't bring myself to order it instead of one of the other things I love. The place gets such good reviews in part because it compares really well to the other dining options in Syracuse.
Made the pilgrimage to the original because that's what one does when one is a BBQ-head. Seriously I try it in every city I encounter it in. Went with a lifelong resident and was forewarned its in a crappy location, with long lines (all great places should have this, unless they get touristy), and douchey bikers [note: friend is a biker, so douchey ones are douchey]. Ribs were good. Dunno just not what I expected. I mean they were certainly worth the journey, just did not give me a foodgasm. Their spicy bbq sauce was just meh. C'mon if it's supposed to be spicy, bring on the damned spice! Brisket, was great though. Definitely a keeper. Pulled pork was somewhere between the ribs and brisket. Know what made the trip worth it? Collard greens. Yes you read that right. Turkey neck is the only way to make them.
Have eaten here for nearly 15 years. First time I forgot my purse, drove 60 miles home only to return to retrieve it and find it had more in it than when I left it! That was 1996 and I've been a fan ever since. While I don't often veer off the house special too often I do try their specials. The soups are phenomenal and my own cooking repertoire includes many dishes from the cookbook. And in the last year, in my attempt to leave the clean plate club, I try to stretch my to go box for a few days more. Then I have room for their peanut butter pie! Mmmmmmm, moan, moan, goooood. This is a destination restaurant and should be a must visit for all visitors to central NY. All my international friends still ask about it!
I love this place...  Great BBQ ribs...  Every time I go, I get something new on the menu and they never let me down...   Awesome atmosphere and the service is top notch... Happy hour is usually from 3:30 PM to 7 PM... I usually role in solo, as I am in town on business, but this place is always packed, so plan on waiting for a bit...  Not to worry...  The food come out fast and they have a great bar to grab a couple while you wait...
After years of hearing about the famous Dinosaur BBQ I finally got to try it a few weeks ago.  I was worried I'd be disappointed.  It would be a tourist trap etc.  I didn't need to worry.  We waited over an hour for our table knew we would on a Saturday night (a little research eases disappointment sometimes).  We were pleased to see we could order drinks from the bar and enjoy them outside in line which would never be allowed in our nanny state in Ontario.  10 dollars for 5 tall boys in an ice cold bucket were equally appreciated (boy to we get ripped off on booze in Canada).  When we were seated, we really enjoyed the experience.  The place was packed but our server moved very quickly.  She was gruff but fun and we just loved the experience.  Everything food wise from ribs to brisket to sides were amazing.  Only complaint was the prime rib that I had on my "Fandango" plate.  It was overcooked and not very good.  I've done better, much better, on my Weber Smoker at home.  So that was the only let down of an otherwise great meal.  Next time we would come later and see some of the band! Also, was surprised at the hour wait for cabs in Syracuse especially at 10 O'clock at night.  They need more cabs! But we got a much needed walk in instead so it all worked out just fine.
Ow, my arteries. I can truthfully say this is the best barbeque I've ever had. As a carnivorous meat-eater, I was in love with this place from the start. We got a Sweetheart special that included a rack of ribs and four sides (in our case, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, chili, and corn). First of all, I don't really eat ribs. For the longest time, I thought I didn't like them, but Dinosaur proved that I was just eating the wrong ribs. Without sauce, the meat was juicy and slow-cooked, falling off the bone. Eaten with the sauce, I was in heaven. I don't think we talked at all during this meal because we were both too busy eating! The sides - traditional barbeque extras - were perfect complements. Even though I felt like exploding at the end of my meal, I somehow summoned the strength to scarf down a piece of sweet potato pie. I wish I could have taken an entire pie home with me, along with a couple bottles of barbeque sauce, but my post-gluttony guilt prevented me from doing so. If you're in the Syracuse area and you have any love for smoked and/or barbequed meat, stop by. You will fall in love!
Pulled pork, baby!  Love their original sauce, too!  Great atmosphere - total mix of people (which I love), ie: business execs and Harley guys sitting next to each other, along with visitors from all over the country who want to taste what was recently voted as the #1 BBQ in AMERICA in a poll on Good Morning, America!  On a weekend, the place has great blues music.  Excellent place for lunch, or for a pit stop before going out on the weekend!  Just one side note: I have come to appreciate the noisy and crowded environment within, but there may be some who do not appreciate that atmosphere.  If you are one of them, you may want to hit-up their website and call in an order to go:)
We ate here twice in one day because as it turns out there really is no where Else in Syracuse to go. For lunch we had 2 amazing beers. I don't remember their names but they were both local. I had the beef brisket original sandwich plate with salad and Mac & Cheese. The salad and the dressing were very good as was the mac and cheese but I was a little disappointed in my sandwich. Maybe it was a bad batch but it had a ton of fat on it. My boyfriend got the Pulled pork sandwich platter and I liked his sandwich better. His fries were also good, I forget what his second side was. For dinner we both got combos. Mine was 1/4 of a chicken which was very good. I also had 1/4 rack of ribs and i didn't like them. I like my ribs a lot more tender and these were a little on the tough side but they did have good flavor. For sides I got the salad again as well an the baked beans which were the best I ever had. They should really just offer a meal that lets you pick 3 or 4 sides because if I was ever there again that's all i would want. Their sides were all very good. We also got the sampler platter for an appetizer and everything on that was good. It came with deviled eggs, fried green tomatoes, shrimp boil and chicken wings. Also their pickles that came with the sandwiches were INSANELY good. I meant to ask if they made them but i forgot. If anyone knows what brand they were let me know.
Although once the crown jewel of Syracuse, new owners and management have certainly downgraded the quality. You can wait an hour for a table to get a small over priced sandwich simply selling of its name. Not to mention it now has several locations. They don't smoke their own meat anymore I mean really what's the catch. They show up to the Rachel Ray's Big Apple BBQ in the city and serve pulled pork to people who never eat BBQ food in the first place. Dinosaur is nothing special. Save yourself the calories.
There's not much I can add to the long list of reviews here. Saturday lunch... got the Sampler Fandago, demolished it, licked the extra BBQ sauce off my fingers,  and washed it down with a Syracuse Pale Ale. Drove home. Took a nap. Bliss.
Brisket, pulled pork, devised eggs, ribs and ice cold beer.  I can't add anything that hasn't already been written!  Put your name on the list, get a beer and wait for the best bar-b-que in the world!
Hands down best BBQ in the state, and if you like a mojito theres is the best.... Great atmosphere friendly crowd attentive staff.
Over rated!  Food was ok but Nothing I'd go out of my way again for.
This is a classy place.  The bathroom walls are covered in "for a good time call" and "Slayer Rules in '91". I asked my waitress how hot the hot sauce was.  She says in her Upstate New York accent: "Well, it's not going to burn out your asshole, sugar."  Like I said, classy place.
Really good mac and cheese! Glad to come to the original! My girlfriend kept being told to come here if your at Syracuse and the 2 nights we came here, it seemed like the whole town was at this place. They don't take reservations and it was packed!! Both nights we were told the wait will be an hour and a half or 2 hours. Because some people give up and leave, our wait was about 45 minutes and an hour and a half. But it's allllllll worth it! Even our girlfriends who were vegetarian came and enjoyed the food. I think the best deal was the 1/4 rib entree that comes with 2 sides. This will fill you up plenty and it's only $9! Definitely get the mac and cheese for sides because it is really good. The pasta is not mushy and still has good texture and the melted cheese strings when you scoop it up with your fork. I wasn't a fan of the collard green because it was sweet but the beans and the tomato and cucumber salad was good. If your like me and have never had a good souther cooking, you can also get the sampler. Also they have their ginger ale made for Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. You'll have to try it with their home made whip cream! I think this is the place to come if your in Syracuse. There's a take out section but it doesn't have everything on the menu.
Dinosaurs by far the best barbecue I have ever had and I have tried lots of different barbecues restaurants in about 40 states and by far the best I've ever had.  When you first walk up and into this restaurant it has that biker bar feel not what you would expect for a traditional ribs and chicken coleslaw and pork beans type of place the writing on the wall the carving on the tables makes the core seem kind of grimy but I will assure you that I looked in every corner but I possibly could and could not find one dirty area of this restaurant it's got that old rustic look to it but it was extremely clean .  I started off with an order of chicken wings the singing and regular barbecue they were smoked you could tell because you could see the slight pink on the inside which is considered to be the smoke tender delicious fall off the bone finger licking good sauce the flavor of the sauce does not only on the outside of the chicken but also penetrates right down to the bone every savory bite is unbelievable by far the best i've ever had that I ordered a half  rack of ribs with their coleslaw and pork beans the beans were unbelievable they actually had pulled pork  into it wasn't just the flavor but you had the pork meat shredded pork meat made it unbelievable the coleslaw you could tell it was fresh it was not sitting in a container for days on end had a crisp vibrant crunch to it and  great flavor not a lot of sauce but excellent the ribs unbelievable out of this world fall off the bone tender tender tender you could tell it was slow smoked for 13 to 14 hours you could still see the pink in the meat and know that it was 100% cooked so tender the dry rub that they put on it and then the wet sauce that goes on top to top it off the flavor was through and through to the bone unbelievable ribs the best I have ever had.. The restaurant was the very first one opened in 1988 he has now seven or eight other locations and I think this is a wonderful brand that is going to be a hit across our country by far the best barbecue ever had and I beg the owner to bring a dinosaurs to Boston Massachusetts it will be absolutely amazing if you want to go in have a great barbecue I recommend this place and the staff is unbelievably friendly kind makes you feel at home type of a restaurant our server was very warm kind friendly outgoing made you feel very very comfortable best service and food I have had in a very very long time unbelievable barbecue I cannot praise it enough please come to Boston... the flying rib guy!!!!!!!
Being from TX, I was a little skeptical about eating at this place but after being in Syracuse for two years of undergraduate. I decided it was time to explore the infamous Dinosaur BBQ. They do not take reservation, this was a huge pain because I knew about the lines out the door. This is also why I never wanted to dine at this establishment. After about an hour wait, we finally got our table for two. I was starving by now so I went big! And I was also challenged by the server that I could not finished the "Sampler Extreme": 1/2 Chicken(leg, thigh, breast + wing), 1/2 rack of ribs & sliced Texas beef brisket for $25 dollars. After a few minutes, the food arrived very timely. My gf got some sandwich, I forgot because I was focused on the massive pile of food that I had to conquered. The chicken was extremely juicy. I was in complete shock because roasted chicken is usually very dry and dissatisfying.  The ribs and brisket was also another shocker. The Brisket had nice smoke rings and went beautiful with their assortment of BBQ sauce, ranging from mild to spicy.  The ribs were nice and tender, it was not over done so the meat kept some of its integrity.  The sides were not memorable but this allowed the proteins to be the star of the show. Even with the loud biker/rocker's ambience, the lack of attention from the service staff. I had and will return to this location for one of the best BBQ in Syracuse. It is not a five star joint because of excessive noisy and long wait for a table.
When a restaurant makes you happy to be in a certain city, that is one good restaurant! I love Dinosaurs BBQ. We were in a certain certain Business hotel in Syracuse  (there aren't too many and its a national chain, so you can figure it out) and went to the bar with the intent of buying drinks all around to eat with our Dinosaur's BBQ .(We ordered take out because we were tired of waiting for our number to be called and we had a long day). Well, the hotel bar told us that they "Don't allow outside food to be eaten in their bar." OK, we said, can we eat in the hotel lobby. They didn't seem to care just as long as we weren't taking up bar space. All 5 of us hunkered and had our BBQ-fest. Best advertisement EVER for Dinosaur's BBQ. Every person who came in to check-in to the hotel or who came back from a hard day's work eyed our food and asked us where we got it from. AND, best of all, some went to BBQ instead of eating at the hotel bar or restaurant. You're Welcome Dinosaurs and take that Ren____e hotel! PS everything on the menu is great, so that's why I didn't review the food so much! Oh yes, they have best sides and fried green tomatoes!
Had to drop a friend off at the airport and wanted to grab something to eat before heading back out of town.  Yelped around and being a huge BBQ fan thought I would give this place a go.  I'm definitely glad I did.  I got the sampler nuevo that comes with a little bit of everything which equals a lot: chicken, ribs, brisket, and for the sides I got  tomato cucumber salad, and the mac and cheese.  I sat at the bar as it was pretty busy and it was around 5pm on a monday.  Food came out fast and was exceptional.  I'm writing this review after being in the South for the summer so I've been eating some good BBQ and had something to compare it to.  I will say it is very solid: chicken was good, brisket ok, and ribs good.  I really enjoyed the sides: mac and cheese was good and I really enjoyed the tomato cucumber salad.  Oh yeah, their cornbread was also exceptional.  I wasn't a big fan of their sauces which were thick and um...northern?  I'm more of a thin sauce, vinegar, or mustard type.  That is just a personal preference.  This is a great joint and if I lived in Syracuse I would definitely be a regular here.  As good as BBQ gets in the north!
Good ol Dinosaur! It's really funny when a girl from Texas flies to upstate New York and gets barbeque. Every time we've come up here to visit the boyfriend's dad, we've come to Dinosaur. This time we came here for his dad's 80th birthday. It was a small group (me, boyfriend, his sister and her husband, and of course the birthday boy), but it was a weekend night. The wait was long, but expected. Once we get in there, the 5 of us are squeezed into a fairly small booth that would've better accommodated 4, but it worked out alright. The waitress was a hoot and did a special birthday thing for his 80th birthday, even announcing over the PA system that it was his birthday. The food was delicious as usual. I mean, it's not Texas BBQ, but it'll do.... Haha :) I had a passing out episode in the bathroom (eh it happens every once in a while) and the girls in there were nice enough to help me up off the grody floor. Super nice people, but I wouldn't recommend laying on the bathroom floor of a Syracuse BBQ joint!!
This is the shiznit! I got the traditional sampler. this includes 1/4 chicken, 1/4 rack of ribs, and the brisket a side of baked beans , mac&cheese and corn bread. The only thing I didn't care for is the mac& cheese. My mom makes better. It wasn't creamy or fluid enough. but everything else was delicious. Sauce bomb! Brisket bomb- charred and tender, chicken-juicy charred and bomb. The ribs were tender charred and smoked savory and oh so bomb diggity! If you are near one go go go!!!
Oh. God.  This place has barbeque so delicious it is positively orgasmic.... Seriously....words just cannot describe the deliciousness of this stuff... The atmosphere is great too...trashy biker waitresses who slam your plates on the table while scowling at you and bathrooms with graffiti so vulgar it would make even the most foul-mouthed person blush...you know, just your typical classy barbeque dive...
I love Dinosaur BBQ! Now let me just say, I travel the country and one thing I've learned that people take serious about where they're from is their BBQ (no idea why). Each region seems to put their own twist on it whether its extra vinegar, extra sauce, or extra smoky. If you can forget about where you're from and enjoy the food as is I think you'll really enjoy it! Its no 5 star restaurant, its actually pretty rugged and laid back which I like. It attracts a very wide range of people from kids to bikers to businessmen but the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is always positive. Everybody has their own opinion, preferences, and experiences, especially when it comes to restaurants.. but for me, I make a point to stop into Dinosaur BBQ every time I'm in Syracuse and if you've never been I'd say its definitely worth a visit!
This is THE best Bar-B-Que you can get anywhere in the Northeast. I remember when my Dad first took my brother and I to this place when I was about 10 and he was about 8. Everything about this place is authentic. From the food to the patron's motorcycles lined up outside. When I moved to Boston 5 years ago, I wasn't at all surprised to see a Dinosaur Bar-B-Que bottle of sauce in the grocery store. I just happily bought it and, smiling, took home a taste of my childhood. If you live in Syracuse or are visiting and want to eat at one of the best and most iconic restaurants in the city, stop by the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. :)
My boyfriend and I were visiting his little sister at college in Syracuse, and I'd heard that this was the place to go for local deliciousness.  We drove into town late, so didn't make it to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que until about 930 or 945 pm - and it was PACKED!  Crazy busy!  Granted there was a football game earlier that day, so I think there were lots of revelers (and it was Parent's Weekend), but still there were people crowding around at the bar, and pouring out onto the street even though it was cold out.  I am amazed that I managed to get a seat at the bar, and it was only about 30 or 40 minutes before we got a table. On the Friday night we went there was a live band, regular called Turnip Stampede.  It seems they have live music there every night.  They were pretty talented actually with some original songs and some classics, and the cute bass player kept winking at girls in the audience.  Old ladies were dancing up front, and it was a pretty rowdy scene. It was so ridiculously loud where we were seated - off to the side near the band - but I didn't want to ask for another table because who knew how long THAT would take?  We had to shout to our server and could only really talk to each other between songs, but that was okay since we were busy eating.  Service was SUPER fast, so we only had a minute to enjoy our drinks (I had a tasty wheat beer that was on draft, can't recall the name).   Between three of us, we shared the 3/4 rack of ribs, the pork and brisket plate, cornbread, and 4 sides - mac 'n' cheese, baked beans, fries, and simmered turkey neck collard greens.  We all really enjoyed the food and didn't even finish it!  The ribs were quite good - we slathered them in various barbeque sauces that were hanging out on the table.  Even the one marked "hot" wasn't unbearable, but I think I liked the original the best.  Both the pork and the brisket were very tender.  The mac 'n' cheese wasn't my absolute favorite, but my buddies liked it a lot.  It just wasn't as gooey as I like it to be, and I'm pretty picky about restaurant mac 'n' cheese.  I loved the baked beans, but my boyfriend's sister didn't - they had a strong fennel/anise taste which threw her off, but I loved it because it was so unusual.  Fries were good, but standard, and the collard greens were fine by me but they also weren't everyone's favorite - a little bitter, perhaps? Anyway, we all really enjoyed our food, especially the meat, but you definitely need to be in the mood for a rowdy crowd and some music.
Had to pick up my parents from the airport in Syracuse and needed to kill time, so I pulled out the handy Food Network On the Road app that I live my life by and found this place.  Excellent choice, Food Network.  Very good pulled pork sandwich, probably one of the best I've had though I don't eat them too often.  Super tender and delicious, smoky flavor.  Great burger cooked exactly as ordered (medium rare), also well-flavored.  Fries were OK, not amazing.  I fell for the strategically placed brownies by the cashier and inhaled it as an appetizer while we waited for our food, but it was also just OK.  But I get that people don't come here for the brownies.   The place is as crowded as they say, so we didn't have time to dine-in, but the express service in the back is great.  We got our food in around 10 minutes and were able to sit outside on a picnic table and enjoy our meal.  If we lived in the area, we would be back for sure.
I went to Dinosaur BBQ this past Labor Day weekend. I was in town for the NY State Fair, but after watching an episode of Man Vs. Food, I had to try this place out. Tried to get in on a Friday night at 8:00...bad idea!! The place was PACKED and the hostess told us it'd be over an hour wait. We didn't end up eating BBQ that day... ...but instead decided to try Sunday afternoon for better lines.  My boyfriend and I arrived Sunday a little before noon and were seated immediately. We beat the long line system!  The atmosphere feels completely like an old-school barbecue roadhouse, with pulp film posters and BBQ-themed license plates on the walls.  The place is super loud, even when it's not a full house, so don't expect to have much in the way of conversation.  There's an assortment of barbecue and hot sauces already on the table in a caddy--all made in-house--and, most importantly, a large stack of wet-naps.  The waitstaff are fantastic: our waitress was friendly, understanding when we still couldn't decide after a while of having our menus, and was helpful in suggesting what items were best that day. We ordered a starter of wings and immediately discovered how amazing Dinosaur BBQ's food really was. The sauce was amazing--literally bone-lickin' good--and even the blue cheese has paprika sprinkled on the top for extra spice.  We each ordered the sampler platter, which includes ribs, BBQ chicken, brisket, two sides, and cornbread.  Orgasm. In. My. Mouth.  The ribs were so delicious and literally fall-off-the-bone tender--my boyfriend kept commenting that he'd pick up the rack and the bones would immediately fall away.  I'm not a huge fan of BBQ chicken but I have to admit it was extremely tasty, juicy and cooked to perfection.  I only wish there were more brisket on the sampler platter than the chicken, because I found the brisket to be superior.  The sides--I got mac n cheese and chili--were tasty, and the cornbread had a great crust to it while still doing its job of sopping up the leftover barbecue sauce.  You get a LOT of food on your plate for the price, and the value of the meal is the quantity AND quality of the food.  We were in food comas for the rest of the day but it was completely worth it. If you are in Syracuse and you DON'T try Dinosaur BBQ, there's something wrong with you.
Come here for the pulled pork alone. This stuff is PERFECT. I ordered the Big Ass Pork Platter. I was a little disappointed at Dinosaur's definitely of "Big Ass" because it seemed pretty standard size to me. Ah well. The cole slaw was fresh, crunchy, and not overdressed. The beans were savory, they tasted a lot like gravy but in a good way. The corn bread was good, could have been a smidge sweeter but very moist. The pulled pork was the highlight though. Tender, flavorful, and moist. The house BBQ sauce is killer too. I could have that stuff on everything. Service was excellent, food served quickly, and prices very fair. Would come back anytime!
My favorite place in the world. mm mm
So we're in Syracuse on a Sunday night looking for a place to eat.  I fire up Yelp and come across Dinosaur BBQ.  We've been eating out for the last 5 nights or so and we wanted something "light" but we read the reviews and see the pictures to Dinosaur and just couldn't say no. So we show up around 9pm and there is a wait.  What kind of restaurant has a wait at 9pm on a Sunday night?  We were thinking that this place HAS to be good. Fortunately, our wait was only about 10 minutes.  Once we were seated, our wonderful waitress comes to our table to get our drink orders.  I order some local microbrew, and my wife orders water.  Our drinks were quickly served. My wife ordered some variation of pulled pork with sides of mashed potatoes and a salad.  I ordered a Texas beef brisket with sides of mac and cheese and a salad.  Our sides were just absolutely awesome.  My wife said her potatoes were probably the best she's ever had - and that says a LOT.  Our sandwiches were awesome as well.  No fat at all, very tasty to the last bite.  Really hit the spot and we weren't hungry to begin with! Anyway - my only gripe is that I wanted a souvenir t-shirt and they didn't have the style and size I wanted.  Bummer.  I just hope they sell shirts on their website because I just have to have one!
so.. my parents drove me back to school and i told them about this place. i heard rave reviews (um, 4.5 stars on yelp?!) and it was even mentioned on "the best thing i ever ate" on food network so i told them that we had to go. we went at 2:30 pm today... a SUNDAY. my dad was thinking maybe there's a football game on. well, if there was a game, people at this restaurant weren't watching it since they don't have tv's at the bar (at least, i don't think i saw any). once again, 2:30 pm on a sunday.. and it was PACKED. i guess this was a disadvantage because i had high expectations before coming and these expectations increased due to the number of people there. anyways... about the food. since it was our first time, my family and i (the 3 of us) ordered a lot: half rack of ribs, side of baked beans, side of fries, 13 chicken wings, fried green tomatoes, and chili. i think my dad misread the menu when he saw chili... because when we got our food, it was a large platter with tortilla chips with chili on the top. i didn't think the chicken wings were that good... we got the wild garlic... but i didn't taste the garlic. but then again, i'm korean. the fries were gross. and i agree with one of the yelpers that the food wasn't even hot. and i tried the habanero sauce of theirs.. and it was disgusting. ribs were decent. there are a few that are so charred you can't even eat em. my favorite out of everything was probably the fried green tomatoes and chili nachos... how sad. and it was really dark in there, i could barely read the menu.
An Ode to Dinosaur BBQ The smokey odor that fills my nose As I walk in to satisfy my hunger A delicious aroma, better than a rose Every bite I take makes me feel younger Those crazy bikers that sit outside Do make me feel a little anxious inside But they're cool people too who just want grub Because Dinosaur BBQ takes your taste buds on a ride And puts a smile on your face that you just cannot hide In the end, we're all just people who want some love This is how much I loved Dinosaur BBQ. Must I say more? I wrote a freaking ode to about this place. If you don't know what to order, remember Tres Hombres, you cannot go wrong.
When anyone visits from out of town, THIS is where we take them. Great pulled pork, ribs, and burgers. Solid sides like rich flavored chili, fried green tomatoes, and fresh cut french fries. Best scallops and meatloaf I ever had, were both on their specials. Only thing we don't like is the mac-n-cheese. Nearly always crowded with people from all walks of life. Go with friends and enjoy the experience. It will probably take a while to get a table, but you can't go wrong with the food. After several drinks during one wait, I declined another when the waitress seated us. She said, "Are you afraid you're gonna wet the bed?" BBQ with an ATTITUDE!! We love the place.
Being a veteran of the Harlem location, I was excited while passing through Syracuse to stop here. Upon entering I noticed it was half the size of the NYC location (old and new), and it was completely packed just like the other spot.  The wait wasn't long at all for a table.  10 minutes and we were seated. I love the BBQ here.  I tried the pulled pork eggrolls.  They were great.  Nice sauce to go with them too.  It wasn't hot, but nice and easy.  For the main course I had to get a little of each.  The pulled pork and brisket.  Both meats were cooked to perfection.  The BBQ beans were wonderful as always and the AK (asskickin) chili was nice and hot. Any time I pass though again I will absolutely drop by.
I eat at the dinosaur a couple times a week for lunch with my coworkers. Their staff is very attentive and the service is always excellent. Everything on the menu tastes great. I especially like the side dishes, real mashed potatoes w/gravy, mac n cheese (with a little kick to it), BBQ beans. I've been known to finish off my coworkers leftovers, it's that good.
After a long day of shopping at the Destiny USA mall, we built up quite an appetite and decided to try dinosaurs after my neighbour recommended this place. So happy we made the stop! When we arrived around 5 the hostess said it would be about 35-45 minute wait, so we put our names down and went to the back known as the 'bone yard' for a drink. The bar staff was very kind and helpful. About 15 minutes later we were called as our table came up! That was fast. We ordered the ribs and chicken bbq dishes with coleslaw and beans. While I found the ribs a little too 'apple smoky' my bf loved them. We both agreed though that the beans and coleslaw were stars and as good as mom or grandma makes them. The service in the restaurant could have been better but this place was packed with a  line up outside, so I'm sure the servers were slammed. The decor is very eclectic and neat. This is a must stop pit stop in Syracuse. If you want BBQ, you gotta eat here. Great food and great price. I'm sure I'll be back here on my road trips.
It is the place that I would take my parents to for a nice casual eat. I always get the Sweetheart deal and I always have a food coma afterwards.
Title: Dinosaur Delights Scenerio: My friend from grad school offered to drive me to Syracuse Airport from Ithaca if I bought Dinosaur Bar-B-Que for lunch. Scene: Bought their EXCELLENT Bar-B-Que pork ribs with cornbread and sides and chowed down on a bench at a nearby park covered with snow  like some homeless people in the freezing December cold. Finale: Best Bar-B-Que in NY state. Even took a bottle of their sauce back to California! DVD Bonus: Seeing a PowerPoint presentation from Cornell thanking Dinosaur Bar-B-Que in the credits.
Tony  and I came here during a long overnight.   When we asked people where there is a good place to eat several people said Dinosaur Bar-B-Que.  They open at 11:00am.  The place was packed at 12:00 on a Monday afternoon.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes.  Awesome! I was a bit taken back by coldness of the waitress.  Coming from the south we are used to very friendly servers.  This waitress was there to get you in and get you out.  We ordered a combo of brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. with sides of mac and cheese and baked beans.  Everything was delicious.  The beans were a bit too sweet for me but Tony loved them.  Next time we come to Syracuse we will be eating here again.
The BEST BBQ I've ever had (aside from my dad's).  Period. If you plan to eat at the restaurant during the weekend, expect to wait a while.  But, it is TOTALLY worth it.  The restaurant itself is quite a gem.  It is known to be a "biker's hangout" and it's so obvious with all the bikes hanging out in front of the restaurant.  The interior is quite interesting...it's definitely got that "tough, no frills" attitude about it. This is also a great place for take-out and for catering.  I'll admit it, a big reason why I avoided missing those late-night Bar/Bri rep meetings was because we usually had dinner catered by Dinosaur's. When my whole family flew in for graduation weekend, I ordered take-out from here and it was their first meal.  Nothing but thumbs-up!  Too bad it put them in a food coma and we were running late for the first graduation activity of the weekend!  I had requested two orders of the Deluxe Combo Meal, which included: 2 Whole BBQ Chicken, 2 Full Rack of Ribs, 2 lb. BBQ Pork or Brisket 6 Pints of Homemade Sides Honey Hush Cornbread 2 bottle Dinosaur BBQ sauce DELICIOUS!   My favorite is the pulled pork.  It is simply heavenly!  Meat that melts in your mouth can definitely put you in a state of euphoria...This place reminds me why I'm a proud carnivore! Those three dreadful long years...six months of cold, freezing temperatures...made it all worth it!
This place is iconic - the BBQ sauces they market are excellent. But, when hubby and I went there on a cold March day we found a lot lacking. We had been advised to do the Mac'nCheese - but it was watery and tasteless - maybe we just hit them on a bad day? OK - the brisquet was good, the pulled-pork better, the cornbread great. But we do smoked BBQ at home and I think we do a better job. They do have a great beer selection, and Jayson (now moved to the Troy location) is a great server. To give a so-so review to Dinosaur in this area is to commit suicide, so I won't say it's bad.....just buy their sauces and cook at home.
My brother and I went here for dinner after I spent about 6 months talking about wanting to go.  I've always had an internal conflict over eating at barbeque places, but maybe that's just in Texas.  In my pre-Dinosaur experience, the meat is divine and everything else is slathered in mayonaise.   That was totally not the case here.  The sandwich I got was amazing, AND I got a flight of beers I've never tried, and there wasn't anything remotely mayonaise-like anywhere near my food.  If I lived in Syracuse, I would probably eat here twice a week.  My stomach is growling at reliving the experience. In what may have been the most brilliant decision I've ever made, I bought their Cajun spices while we were there.  I've been making bitchin burritos using it since then in an effort to alleviate the pain of living 6 hours from Dinosaur.  I kinda wish I'd bought all of their everythings and/or stolen all condiments not bolted to the floor.  C'est la vie.
My family and I went there after going to the Zoo nearby. My sister-in-law and niece knew about the restrurant from the show Diners,Drive Ins and Dives. Since we were close by we decided to stop by. We had to wait an hour and half to be seated we decided to take the chance. While the place was small the wait was worth it. The food was amazing espically the ribs which my family had. I decided to try one of the chicken dishes. The only downside was that my niece didn't like the mac and cheese so my sister-in-law ended up eating it. My niece is a mac and cheese person so she's very picky on her mac and cheese. Other than that she did eat all her ribs and fries. Also while we had a long wait to be seated the food came out quick. Which was supprising since it was soo busy. As a former waiter on a cruise ship please be mindful of the waitstaff. While standing up the waitstaff would say hot food coming by and some of the customers didn't move. One of the waitress was short and she hit a tall guy on the head with her tray. Soo glad she told him that she was short and what did she want him to do about it. She did say coming behind with hot food. I used to hate it when I would be coming with a bus tub full of dirty dishes and say excuse me and the guest would look at me like I was an idiot. FOOD WAS AMAZING AND WORTH THE LONG WAIT. I ONLY WISH THEY HAD THIS RESTURANT ON GUAM.
When I moved to Tucson I dreamed of a land that was filled with Dinosaur BBQ. The great southwest must be filled with great BBQ right? Wrong! Everything about Dinosaur is heads and shoulders better than AZ and through my travels it stands up really well against BBQ places down south. I absolutely love the pappy slapping catfish strips and drunken spicy shrimp appetizers. The pulled pork is out of this world. Try any of their pork sandwiches. My favorite is the Cuban. You will love their award winning sauces too. I order an assortment of sauces and rubs at least once a year. My favorite is the wango tango sauce and the  cajun foreplay rub( which I tend to use in everything). It is not just the food. it is the atmosphere. Bikers rubbing shoulders with families and college kids. Sassy waitresses that not only give you great service but just enough attitude to make you feel special. The place rocks with great blues throughout the week.
Save yourself some time with the menu. It's ALL great, but the BRISKET is worth selling your best friend into slavery for!
Yum. Yum. Did I mention yum?? We flew into Syracuse when we went back east to visit family. We got off the plane around dinner time and I was, as usual, starving. My in-laws suggested Dinosaur BBQ. For years they have been mailing us bottles of their sauce. I actually never knew it was a restaurant. Needless to say, I didn't need to be convinced - I was in! We arrived and there was a reasonable wait. It was a friday night and the place wasn't totally packed, but we were borderline early dinner seating time. I cruised the beer selection while we waited for a table and was ready with my beer order when we were seated. They placed us at a table off to the side (there were 6 of us). Despite being busy with other tables our waitress was right over to grab a drink order. We decided on what we wanted pretty promptly and got our order in before they sat too many more tables. I had beef while everyone else had pork. I order the mac and cheese as a side and didn't realized it was fairly heavily seasoned and too spicy for a weakling like me. The sauce is even better fresh from the restaurant and I drowned my sandwich in it! The vibe is classic bike bar, which apparently is accurate since it used to be a biker bar. Parking was easy. Since it was the evening we just used the lot across the street and didn't have to pay. I really wish this was closer to me... but my waistline is glad it isn't.
Amendment to the original review -- A rep of Dinosaur got back to me immediately after submitting this review to them. His genuine professionalism and concern for the issue is a mark of a well run business. Though headquarters cannot monitor every employee they can promptly address customer concerns and make sure they do everything to maintain their service and reputation. == On Friday I myself and another person were seated at the table closest to the door around 1:30 in the afternoon. Our waitress, a woman in her forties, approached our table to take the order. Neglecting to introduce herself she leaned on the table, encroaching on my friend's space and blurted, "alright, what do you want." With not more than several seconds of pause she then said "common, lets go. What do you want?" What prompted me to write this review is that given a second third, and fourth chance to redeem herself she continued to be frank and miserable towards us. Bringing the food to the table she slid a plate across the table, nearly knocking over a drink and left saying nothing but "here you go." It was another female employee that came by the table and made sure our food was good. Our waitress came back once to grab our drinks for a refill and then returned at the end of our meal to simply slap the check down in front of me and walk away. With her demeanor she frankly ruined the meal through it was delicious, as the food always is at Dinosaur. The check came out to $31.75 and I set out $32.00. Our waitress came to pick up the check, I said "we don't need any change, thank you." Still, she stood there counting the money in front of us, then reached into her change and threw a quarter down on the table. We promptly left, leaving the coin on the table. Even an hour after the experience I had a bad taste in my mouth that had nothing to do with the food.
Who would have thought that I'd find an outstanding bbq joint in upstate New York?  I had brisket, ribs, pulled pork, mac and cheese and fries, and after eating for what felt like hours DID NOT MAKE A DENT in my combo platter. I also tried the fried green tomato appetizer and ate 3 pieces of corn bread. Just make sure you wear your stretchy pants or a mumu so you can properly enjoy the gluttony of it all.   If you are a meat eater and do not visit this place while you are in Syracuse you are no friend of mine. I'm 100 percent serious. Our waitress was super sweet to us even though we were all there on business and needed separate checks, the bikers were friendlier and less menacing than I expected, and the price was incredibly reasonable for the amount and quality of food they served. One star for the drink menu which included a cocktail called "dog on a cheerleader's ass".  I think i ordered 3 of them just because I liked the way our waitress yelled "here's your dog on ass" every time she brought one by.  I am obviously very easily amused.
You can't go wrong! If you are in Syracuse you have to go to Dino. Their pulled pork is the best I've ever had. Their BBQ sauces are amazing. Try the Wango Tango its nice and spicy. For the folks out there with decent appetites try the Tres Hombres. It's a decent helping of their ribs, pulled pork and brisket and two sides. I get it almost every time. Their beer selection is also pretty great. Lot's of good local and regional beers. Try anything made by Middle Ages. They are right down the street and they brew some beers specifically for Dino. Like I said, you can't go wrong :)
Not impressed :-/ Went on a Saturday night around 9pm. First we given a wait time (for our party of 6) of 45 min later, but we were sat after about an hour and 20 min. Drank beer at the bar while we waiting. The bartenders (3 of them) were all very attentive, nice, and helpful. I did not like ape hanger ale. It's a pale ale which I'm not always a fan of but it might have been because I was in the middle of drinking Sam Adams Alpine Spring, so the 2 flavors may not have mixed well. After finally being sat, our server took a long time to come over to us and when she did, it was after she had already greeted a table that sat a few minutes after us. She was all over the place and seemed to be a little overwhelmed with the size of her section. The band also started playing shortly after we had sat down so it made our group conversation hard to carry on. I got the chopped salad with the brisket. The brisket was good yet dry, but the BBQ sauce on it was good. The ginger garlic vinaigrette that came with the salad was very delicious. The salad itself was a little disappointing. Mostly lettuce and barely any of the veggies, and the "spicy" walnuts that were in it were not spicy at all. The cornbread was amazing! I would've eaten an entire basket of it as my meal if I had known beforehand how good it was. The coleslaw was gross, too much mayonnaise and not enough flavor. The beans were bland and the mac & cheese was nothing special. I would not choose to eat here again, but by all means go and experience it youself and form your own opinion of the food. I hope others enjoy it more than I did.
Ate here 2 wks ago and got a bacon cheeseburger. My mistake. I figured it's the one thing i haven't tried on the menu, and I was disappointed. Not that it was bad per sey, but there was nothing very good about it. The music was knockin and the smell in the air YUMMO, and the kitchen is open till 1am, so can't complain... but next time, will NOT get a burger and one of the worlds best BBQ joints.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant, ever. Period. If I could give Dinosaur BBQ 100 stars, I would. I have legitimately planned flights in and out of Syracuse airport around Dinosaur's hours, and made the 1+ hour drive solely to eat there. Thinking of the ribs (the steak is fantastic, too) is making my mouth water. Hilarious crowd (bikers, nuns, and college kids all in the same room), genuine BBQ, and great music. Need I say more?
Excellent. The original in Syracuse. A must. Ribs, pulled pork, brisket are musts. Also, Middle Ages brews Ape Hanger and Smoked Porter, both great choices.
OMF'NG!  If they only sold Brontoburgers and Taradactile wings we'd be set.   For three fairly strapping guys who love meat, this place completely satisfied our insatiable need for chunks of protein.  We decided to split the extereme sampler and added some wings on top of it.  The sampler had half a chicken, a rack of ribs with some brisket.  We had a choice of 3 sides. Everything was cooked perfectly, and really our only complaint was that the sides were very small.  In fact, one of the guys loved the Mac & Cheese so much he wanted to order a full side of it. The service was great.  We had a classically satirically snarky waitress who we loved.  While providing us perfect service she would chide us for our indecisiveness to our inability to consume more than we could and our choice of beer.   Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for helping us find this place.
What an awesome, authentic place to stop in for some BBQ!! You'd never guess it was a biker bar bent on BBQ. I've even bought some of their BBQ sauce from the grocery!
THIS IS AN EMERGENCY REVIEW!!!!!!!!!! I do not usually write reviews for places I haven't been in a while due to the oft-changing quality of restaurants' food, service, atmosphere, etc.  However, I must make an exception for Dino.  In a world rife with uncertainty, Dino is a bastion of reliabilty and eternal awesomeness. I woke up this morning to this news (dated 11/30/06), sent to me by one of my best friends: "Dinosaur Bar-B-Que shut after outbreak The Dinosaur Bar-B-Que restaurant voluntarily closed its doors this afternoon after 250 more people called the Onondaga County health department to report becoming ill after eating there over the weekend." SHUT DOWN!??!?!?! OUTBREAK??? Caused by your precious ribs and pulled pork?  I can't even see straight! Dinosaur, you have never let me down.  I have made special trips out of my way to come to you, and you have stood by my side.  I will not walk away during your time of need.  Please do whatever you can to rectify this situation so that I can continue to hawk your wonderfulness on Yelp and Chowhound. WAHHHHHHHHHHHH Update: Fri Dec 1, 11:16 PM ET SYRACUSE, N.Y. - At least 600 people came down with a gastrointestinal illness after eating at a popular biker bar and restaurant, health officials said Friday. news.yahoo.com/s/ap/2006…
I have been hooked on this place ever since Boyfriend took me here a few years ago. At that point he was horrified that I said it was 'so cute'; yes, I said a biker bar was cute but I just loved all the old posters of music festivals up. Plus I love places that have writing on the walls, booths, counters, etc. So I clearly love the place but the really important part is the food. I've had the bronzed catfish, BBQ chicken, pulled pork plate, pulled pork sandwiches, and (most recently) the Pork Porto (BBQ portabello mushroom topped with pulled pork, melted swiss & red onion). I have failed miserably when I try to make grilled portabello mushrooms at home so I figured I would get this to see how it goes with pulled pork. And the results were amazing. I inhaled my sandwich! Everything was tender, flavorful, saucy... just AMAZING!!! Plus you cant have a meal there without their sides, so I got the mac & cheese and cucumber & tomato salad. I pretty much always get them- don't mess with success. I have not found anything to complain about with the service. Our waitress was nice and gave us time to look over the menu because we were caught up with a friend we were meeting there. Good Morning America was right- Dinosaur has the best BBQ!!!
Whenever I am in Upstate NY, a trip to the Dino is mandatory.  We've been coming here for over a decade and the quality of the food and the popularity has remained all along.  I've never tried anything here that I don't like, but for Yelp purposes I will list some of my favorites.  Remember the daily specials are always a good bet as well. Apps: Fried Green Tomatos are my fav, love all the Wings, Deviled Eggs are great, Nachos w/pulled pork are great for a group.  The have a sampler platter that's also a good bet to try lots of things. Entrees: Pulled pork is my favorite. Love the meat combos such as Tres Hombres or Fandango.  Of course you have to add ribs to your order.   Desserts: Never met one I didn't like, but rarely have room for this course! Another great thing is the bar.  They have tons of beer selections.  We were drinking Sierra Nevada Celebration on our last visit around Christmas time.  They don't serve any well booze and the bartenders make a mean Patron Margarita on the rocks. Overall this place is a do not miss if you're in the 'cuse, Rochester, or Harlem.  Be prepared for a wait most nights but luckily the bar has lots to explore while you wait. One tip for the Dino Syracuse - the men's room needs more toilets!  Last time we were there there was a father and his kid taking up the only toilet for over 45 min.
Been here twice now, and neither time was I disappointed.  Both times, I've gone for an early dinner, so have not had to wait for a table.  But I can certainly see how it could get packed, even fairly early.  There doesn't seem to be a slow night to this place. If you are straight vegetarian, then go no further than the bar, which, by the way, has an ample selection of tasty brews, as well as all the fixings for those fancy drinks.  There just is no such thing as food without a face here.  Seeing as I will eat seafood, I was not left out, although my options were drastically limited.  But hey, it's a bbq joint after all.   I had the bronzed catfish with a side of cucumber/tomato salad and mac 'n' cheese.  The mac 'n' cheese is surprisingly good.  Really good actually.  The salad was good too, although does tend to get pretty tart for the last few bites.  The catfish was excellent, although I would have liked to have had the option to spice it up a bit more.  Maybe you can just ask them to blacken it if you like, I don't know.  Still delicious though.  The cornbread however, takes the cake.  Definitely the best I have ever had--and I've even lived in the South!  Awesome stuff. Atmosphere is laid back.  Decor is quirky, with just the right amount of mayhem, childishness, and kinkiness in the mix.  Service was good, but not stupendous.  Looking forward to my next trip to Syracuse, and maybe some day, you'll even see my Harley with AZ plates parked out front of Dinosaur.
I have dreams about the Dinosaur BBQ pulled port sandwich!!! The food at this always crowded bar is amazing! They knock anything and everything barbeque out of the park! But, the amazingness continues beyond that... even the cornbread is great. The wait staff knows how to have fun... they can give and take with the best of them. During one visit, I was even spanked with a spatula. Good times. I love this place and make it a point to stop every time that I am in Syracuse. It brings back memories of my annual pilgrimage from Cornell.
The best BBQ I have ever had, hands down.  And a lot of people agree because it's always crowded.  If you go on a weekend night, except to wait a couple hours.  Even weeknights get packed often too.  The food is totally worth it thought.  I recommend the Big Ass Pork Plate, it's packed with pulled pork.  Or doing a combo with the pulled pork and ribs.  Just thinking about it right now is enough reason for me to even contemplate visiting Syracuse again.  I like the homemade applesauce as well, but I'm pretty sure this is a seasonal offering.  Even the dessert is good here.  But like I said, it gets really crowded here and when people are waiting inside, it just seems like everyone is standing on each other and it gets loud.  But then I eat the food and get passed all that.  Go here, you won't regret it.
My father has been talking this place up for years now, and I've just now gotten the opportunity to try it.   To be honest, I was a bit nervous.  Was Dinosaur Bar-B-Que going to live up to my expectations?  We drove up, and the outside of the joint alleviated my fears somewhat.  Though family friendly now, this joint still looks like a biker bar.  The unique facade combined with the heavenly smell of succulent meat sent me practically running to the door. The first thing I noticed about Dinosaur is the customer service.  The staff all seemed to be a bit on the outgoing/sassy side, but are completely delightful and helpful.  The hostess was not only organized at seating the incredibly long waiting list, but she was entertaining throughout the whole meal by calling out the names of the waiting parties...she reminded me more of a carnival barker than a host.  Our waitress was great, and came back frequently enough that we never had to try to catch her eye, but to too frequently that we felt interrupted.  100% on service, in my book. Now onto the food.  I used Yelp to help me decide what I'd order.  I ended up getting the Fried Green Tomatoes to start and the Pork and Brisket platter - a pile of pulled pork and a brisket, with cornbread and two sides - for my entree.  For my sides, I chose the much celebrated Mac & Cheese and french fries.  I also picked some beans and some collard greens off the plates of my fellow diners. The Fried Green Tomatoes were fantastic, which I was totally not expecting, seeing as how I hate tomatoes.  However, the one part I was really looking forward to was the sides.  Don't get me wrong, I love the meat part of a BBQ meal, but the sides really round it out for me, especially corn bread.  I can die happy with a belly full of good cornbread.  Unfortunately, the sides here were mostly only ok for my taste.  The Mac & Cheese was extremely good, but with the beans, I found the spice to be too overpowering with everything - there was nowhere to cool down my palette.  My fries were also surprisingly bland.  The cornbread was nice, but not as good as I've had. The meat, however, was amazing.  Hands down the best BBQ I've had.  The brisket was melt-in-your-mouth amazing without being mushy, the pulled pork had a distinct texture, again without being mushy, and the sauce was sweet and sublime.  Any disappointment with the sides was absolutely outweighed by the awesomeness of the meat. I would definitely come back...with friends...and I can recommend this location without hesitation to anyone who wants a fantastic, but casual meal!
Top BBQ of many I've had throughout the states. Great atmosphere as well so you really can't go wrong. It's just calories right?  All hail the pig!
I was looking over my review distribution, and being that I tend to post reviews when I am happy much faster than when I am let down, I realized I've got a lot of 5's. Well, here comes another. And I have to say this will be tied (with Utsav, in Vernon, CT) as my gushiest, most love struck, on-my-knees, singing the praise review. 13 years ago I happened into Syracuse, NY and met my then girlfriend, now wife, who is a native of Syracuse. I'm a southern guy, so BBQ is something I'm a real elitist jerk about. There used to be this awesome place in Cuse called The Hot Shoppe (I think he still operates online, so check it out if you get a chance!) and I wandered in that cold december day 13 years ago. I poked around and discovered a bottle of BBQ sauce for this local joint called Dinosaur. Yankee BBQ, huh? That'll be novel. I'll grab some... After I decided I loved the stuff I soon received a dinosaur cookbook from my girlfriend for Christmas the next year, and after toying with the sauce recipies I was launched into my own BBQ making hobby, which continues to this day. I've moved way far away from Dino's style, which is good for me, but I like to say that Dinosaur got ME started, and it was some bunch of YANKEE'S that got me going! It's also worth mentioning that when me and the facilitator-of-my-hobby/girlfriend finally got around to getting married, Dinosaur catered our rehersal dinner. So I can speak to their ability to nail catering with perfection. Ok. Enough. On to the food. And the place. I love it. It's always crowded, always noisy, often has kick ass live music, and the entire staff has some serious spunk to them. That's all good with me. Get there, give your name, and grab a beer while you wait. If you get a long wait, just walk over to Armory Square and putz around a bit. Dino never fails with the ribs for me. Granted I don't live in NY, so I don't get there TOO often, but when I do I get ribs, I get mac and cheese, and I get 1 other side (don't care what). Never fails. Done. Forget it. IF you're not a rib person (what's your problem, btw...) get some chicken. Mojito chicken is God's chicken. Period. There is always a lengthy beer list on tap, and even more in bottles. They do a nice job of getting stuff that is local to the region, and that often translates to stuff I don't see too often back home. I don't get here often enough. It has to be my favorite bbq joint in the world, and the story of how it got started is quite interesting ( go look it up, dummy). I come from a place that has a lot of small-time BBQ places as well as a couple of regionally huge operations that boast national awards and all sorts of other crap. Yeah, they're fine... But Dinosaur never prints a shirt that says "we won this award, so we must be good." Nah. They just know they are. I like that in a BBQ joint...
So you're heading to 'Cuse.....  you better go to Dinosaur.  Exact words from my friend Jeff.  He could not have been more accurate.  I don't know if you've heard, but Syracuse in the winter is not exactly pleasant.  Its cold, dreary, dark, and kindof sad.  At least it is to me.  Dinosaur changed all that.  Great food, fun servers, and a frenzied atmosphere made this place a blast.  I even scribbled my name on the table.  oooohhhh
Back when I used to live in Watertown, NY, I would head to Syracuse a lot.  This was back in my pre-motorcycle days.  So, I had often heard about Dinosaur BBQ, but when I drove by, I'd see the place inundated with Harley Davidson bikes, and all that entails.  A little intimidating at the time. Still, eventually I decided to go in there anyway, and am glad that I did.  This place rocks.  The BBQ is very good (even by Southern standards) and the atmosphere outstanding. If you like BBQ, chances are you've already heard of the place.  If not, check it out. Be prepared to wait in line a bit at night, especially on weekends.  Just grab a drink at the bar while you are waiting.
Great food, especially the brisket.  BUT, so damn noisy and busy.  Only for the extremely patient.
This place is good for being up north. The BBQ is tender and that is what matters. However its not better than famous Dave's and the charge way to much for the BBQ brisket. It says piled high but it really means 2-3 pieces and lots of boring sides. The slaw is OK, the Mac and cheese was dry, beans were decent. In my opinion its just as good as limp lizard in Liverpool. Definitely a waste of money for what they charge and very confusing. Didn't know how to get a table and had trouble finding how to sit in. The waitresses are nice. We had Annie and she was dedicated. So OK BBQ, pricey for the quality and no parking.
I first came to Dinosaur in the early 90s.  Nothing but good food and loud music.  Last time we were here, was underwhelmed by the service, which is reflected in the three star rating.  Maybe, Dinosaur is resting on its laurels??  Anyhow, I'm now able to get the bottled sauce at Harris Teeter, so I can pretend to make my ribs as good as theirs.
best BBQ i have EVER had!!! If you want bar-b-q this is the place to be!  We had an excellent server and a great experience even bought some bbq sauce to bring home and it tastes just as good as it did on the dinner. dont miss this place!!!!
Great beer selection, awesome BBQ sauces and Mac and cheese but the corn bread was not even worth a bite.
I live in Texas, and had the good fortune of going to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que while visiting family in Syracuse.  I have been to the famous BBQ pits in Texas, and have tried my hand at smoking a variety of meats (which is what we do here after enduring droughts, obsessing over football, and owning guns).  In my judgment, Dinosaur has earned its spurs as top notch BBQ and then some.  Here were some of my observations: 1.  Unlike bad BBQ joints, they don't drown their meats in sauce.  This is a trick of the trade if your meat smoking game is off.  If you generally suck at BBQ, or suffer some other deficiency like being a national chain, you try to make up for it by bathing your crap in BBQ sauce.  While Dinosaur offers sauce -- which is tasty -- their meats are rubbed and smoked to a point where you don't need it. 2.  The brisket was great.  Just so you know, brisket is a tough meat to cook in a smoker.  This means that it's easy to ruin: it can be tough, dry, tasteless, etc.  Trust me, I've done this a few times.  Dinosaur's brisket was flavorful and tender.  While I thought the smoke flavor was spot on, I do wish that they applied a little but more rub to the meat.  This does not mean that it was bad, just a bit of personal preference. 3.  The sausage was different in a great way.  The famous smoking links in Texas come from Elgin or New Braunfels (both near Austin).  These are german-ish sausage recipes that smoke rather well. Dinosaur's hand-made links were different, but superb.  I would return here for the links alone. 4.  Not sure on the decor!  On one side of the restaurant there's cute, family-friendly scenes of the upstate area and, separately, of dinosaurs.  On the other side someone clearly ran amok with a staple gun and memorabilia from the 70's.  I chalked it up to charm. Lastly, and this goes to the other Yelp reviewers, click "Formal (Jacket Required)" under the "Attire" prompt.  I'd like to see how far that goes when I return.  Pass it forward.
We started with Honey Mustard Wings they were spicy and smokey and not soggy, great starter! The Fried Green Tomatoes were awesome, too! I tried a little bit of everything, I loved the pulled pork, that was my favorite!  The sauce is tangy and sweet. I drowned my food in the Dinosaur hot cayenne sauce, yum! The ribs and brisket were amazing and tender and not too fatty. The baked beans was really meaty with chunks of pork and sausage. OoooOh the mac and cheese is creamy, cheesy, and perfect! The collard greens were ok, it was my first time having them. I really enjoyed the corn bread, it wasn't dry, it was gritty, but moist! The Mojito was the best mojito I've ever had, you couldn't taste the alcohol at all! Cool atmosphere too, love this place :)
I was here in May 2010 as part of a business trip.  I feel I can't give an honest review of the restaurant, because our food was upstairs in a pre-arranged catered affair, but I can say the food was GOOD.  Passing through the bar/ restaurant on the way in I can affirm that it was quite crowded and obviously a very popular place to be. I was impressed so much that when I heard they opened a Dinosaur in Troy NY I convinced my wife that we had to do (and we did eventually make it, see my separate review of that) Would definitely go again, maybe at an off-hour to avoid the crowds.
i loved everything about this place. everything we ate was absolutely delicious and phenomenal value for your monies. We ordered: -homemade limoncello (i never see this anywhere, nice treat!) and local draft beer -fried green tomatoes extra fancy- delicious, not oily, perfect amount of fixins - the Sampler Extreme (ribs, 1/2 chicken, brisket, and 2 sides- mac n cheese and fries with bacon and cheddar)- i don't know where to begin it was all so good and the sides were perfect.  portion was big enough for 2-3 people to share. waitress was awesome, very attentive and made good suggestions that i feel optimized our meal. they provide a basket to include everything you could ever need- lots of wet naps, several different house bbq sauces, condiments, etc. ambiance and decor was super fun. i'd recommend eating outside, inside is hectic and the picnic tables give you a lot of space. i'll have to try out the one in NYC
Best BBQ I've ever had. Brisket  is better than ribs are better than pulled pork but they're all nigh-competition quality. Waitresses and bar staff are best in world and atmosphere is the best. Would eat here every day if I could.
ribs are great. Hard to park on weekends.
Holy goly, BBQ is not like this in NYC. I haven't been everywhere, but I have been to Fatty 'Cue, Fette Sau, Wildwood BBQ, and the Big Apple BBQ in Madison Square Park. NYC BBQ cannot compare at all. It is too tidy, ungenerous, precious. A serious love affair started. Here's an play-by-play of a beginning of a love affair (and more pics and the full review here: bit.ly/rrfg05) - Drunken Shrimp -- boiled in beer and Old Bay, and dipped in a bbq-horseradish-tabasco sauce. This is messy, spicy, garlicky, and makes regular shrimp cocktail seem impossibly prude. - St. Louis-cut pork ribs -- thick and awe-inspiring. I typically like ribs with meat that falls off the bone. Here the meat is tender, but demands gnawing. I didn't mind. They are perfect -- spicy, sweet, smoky, complex, juicy in some parts and jerky-like in others. - Moist chicken is one of life's greatest and simplest pleasures. Apple-brined and glazed with Dinosaur's sauce, it is transcendent. - The pillowy pulled pork invokes giggles, it is so good. The brisket was probably the weakest meat -- a little dry and thin, and lacked the voluptuous swagger of the others. - The Dinosaur cookbook tells me their chili includes jalapenos, ancho chile, pasilla chile, ground cumin, brown sugar, bacon... None of those ingredients are that unusual or can solely account for the masterpiece that is this earthy, sweet, raisiny chili that is meaty yet bright. - For sides, we had collard greens with turkey neck, honey cornbread, and french fries. They were all exemplary, more reasons why I kept chanting to myself throughout the meal, This is good, this is really good, this is really, really good. This is all photo-documented, of course. Check 'em out here: bit.ly/rrfg05 Now let the BBQ withdrawal begin...
A lot of folks describe the place as a must go when in Syracuse. Well if you are looking for good BBQ in a relaxed yet crowded bar setting with a lot of beers to choose from, then yep, they are right, this is the place. It's always packed no matter the day of the week so be ready for a small wait. Street parking might be hard to find at peak hours, so avoid yourself the pain of turning around endlessly and park in the $4 parking lot across the street. The place by itself has a nice feel to it: wood everywhere which makes it a bit cozy and counterbalance all the noise. The food, well BBQ BBQ BBQ what else do you want? All pretty tasty. Had a plate of brisket and pulled pork which were both really good. Comes with corn bread and choice of 2 sides. Went with the mac & cheese, really good and a salad in an attempt not to feel too guilty but who am I kidding I finished my plate clean so obviously not a meal where you count calories. Service, fast efficient and bar like. Remember there is a line waiting so you got to get moving. Overall, yep, agreed a must stop when in Syracuse looking for good BBQ and a good time.
Best BBQ North of Texas! Excellent on tap beer selection. Saucy waitresses mix well with the biker clientele. Adequate pay to park across the street. I highly recommend.
Woo hoo!  And to repeat.  Woo hoo!  Every time I am near Syracuse I have to stop here.  There is not much I can add to 151 other reviewers when the average rating is over four stars.  Suffice it to say that I am one of the many in this happy chorus of customers who think that Dinosaur is the best thing since sliced bread.
I'm probably spoiled by Saddle Ranch (in LA), but I was a bit disappointed by Dinosaur - especially after all the hype.  It was good, but I didn't leave all hyped up over the food like I thought I might. It was also strangely busy for a Thursday night.  I dunno, is it that busy every night?  It took us more than an hour to get a table.  I've never waited as long as we did, even in NY or LA.  I was ready to leave for plan B but the rest of my party wanted to stick it out.  It seems like an expansion is long due. I don't know if it's the best in Syracuse, but it's not the best out there period as the hype would have you believe.
Best barbecue in the region. Great atmosphere at the bar. Great beer selection yet the true star is the food. Great ribs, killer pulled pork, good brisket, dynamite wings. We'll be back in February for more. Ok we,re back. Went to see Syracuse and Georgetown  play. Sad loss for the Orange. Went back to  Dinosaur's for great beers,wine and BBQ. The ribs tonight were killer. It's been a good while since we had ribs this good. The brisket was moist and tasty and the pulled pork was awesome. You have to have the shrimp boil. Real good. And we tried the smoked wings with garlic chipotle hot sauce. You got to stop here.
My boyfriend and I were up in Syracuse for a basketball game. He insisted that I had to eat at Dinosaur before coming back to Jersey. I am not usually a fan of BBQ. We arrived at around 1230 on a Sunday to be sure we got a table. I love the decor, wood floors, old school photos on the wall...wonderful! We were told to wait at the hostess stand to be seated. She was MIA for about 5 minutes. In the meantime, five other staff members told us she would be right there, but apparently none of them could seat us. Once seated, our server came over promptly. We ordered our apps and meals at the same time. To start we ordered the deviled eggs. If took FOREVER for them to arrive - It was borderline ridiculous. Luckily, they were AMAZING! The recipe can be found in their cookbook, and they end up tasting as good as they do at the restaurant. I ordered the chicken breast and rib plate. The chicken breast was gross. It was dry and definitely seemed like a processed chicken breast. I should have had the leg. Oh well. The ribs were great. For sides I had the mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes with gravy. The mac and cheese was awesome, potatoes were meh. You could have got the same caliber mashed at Boston Market. I cannot comment on the corn bread, I don't care for cornbread and didn't bother eating it. My boyfriend had the (I cant remember the name) sandwich with pulled pork and beef brisket and coleslaw and other awesomeness all over it. It was UNBELIEVABLE!! LOVED IT!! It took FOREVER to get the check. This is fine if we were hanging out drinking, but we really wanted to get going. In a nutshell, go for pork or beef, don't bother with the chicken breast. I am now looking forward to visiting the Dinosaur in NYC!!
the ribs is great here
Oh Dino BBQ.  I hadn't been to the restaurant in a couple years.  and it hasn't changed much.  The restaurant, even on a Thursday afternoon was packed!  But the food was just as fabulous as ever. I ordered the Original Pulled Pork sandwich.  The pork was juicy and smoky.  and the sauce sweet and tangy. And of course, for the sake of YELP, I had to order 2 sides with my sandwich... the first was the Mac&Cheese, which was cheeeeeeesy and a little bit spicy.  The black pepper mixed in is fantastic.  My second side was the mashed potatoes.  As expected they were were creamy and when paired with Dino's gravy perfect.   The entire meal was delish.  This continues to be a must visit when hanging out in upstate NY.
Four of us went there today. We had heard numerous accolades, and my mister was especially interested, as he is a big fan of pig. We ordered the full rack of 12 ribs. They were nice and tender and very meaty. Their homemade sauces are divine. However, I am not a fan of smoke flavor, so that brought it down a notch for me.The ribs came with your choice of 4 sides. I didn't particularly like the sides, and because of that, this would have been a 3.5 star review if you could do that. But I gave them the benefit of the doubt. Read on... Their corn bread, however, is the best I've ever eaten. It was moist, not at all crumbly, and had good lift and some sponginess. They put honey on it when it is hot out of the oven. I will always think of that cornbread when Syracuse, the name of my hometown, comes up.
Went here with a friend because it's on my bucket list. I'm not a HUGE bbq fan (unless it's Korean barbeque) but I like it. We didn't even feel like we waited that long - so that was a bonus. I got the Tres Niños since I knew I wasn't going to finish anything big - it was really good, but my sides weren't as good. Loved the cornbread and the cole slaw - but my applesauce had bits of what seemed like plastic in it. I've never had homemade applesauce so that may be why it tasted weird to me, but I didn't finish it. But honestly, the mojitos were the highlight of the meal. Oh, and then we wrote our names in the restaurant - you just have to find us. Maybe if I had a different side, I'd feel differently about the restaurant - but overall I wasn't impressed.
This place was really good. I'd seen it on TV and has some friends in the area who all suggested it. Somethings to keep in mind. It's more or less a biker bar which is pretty interesting and added to the experience if anything. Second, if you come after six be prepared to wait. Third, the food is great but I can confidently tell you that you can get better BBQ if your willing to drive three days to TX. Other than that pig out.
Dino's gets 5 stars for everything.. Service, decor, eye candy, and especially the food! Tried the ribs and pulled pork sandwich, both were excellent!
Classic must-do for any Syracuse visit!  I live in Texas and can attest to the authentic Southern vibe of Dinosaur, complete with rough around the edges appeal, and great customer service.  The 'fall off the bone' Baby Back ribs are the highlight.  They should be savored slowly and eaten with your hands.  Life doesn't get this good that often.  A wide selection of beers to enjoy and loads of quirky memorabilia on the walls.
I haven't been since college, so it has been a long 10 years and their menu has changed alot- and for the better!   We got our standard pork/brisket plate, complete with baked beans and the yummiest mac n cheese in all of Onondoga County (if not all of Central NY)...but the starters what were really had me singing.  The best deviled eggs money could buy (which would really upset my aunt who prides herself on the fact that she makes the best deviled eggs in all of the land), and fried green tomatoes with a creamy buttermilk dipping sauce.   The ambience was the usual biker hangout I remembered fondly from days of yore.  And, the servers were fun and enthusiastic about clogging my arteries.  Service with a smile.   They have a cook book now which I am kicking myself for not buying.  Checking amazon now.
Ultimate BBQ joint!  Great atmosphere and great food!
I can't begin to describe how absolutely delicious this place is. We live three hours away, and have talked about making a trip out just to eat there. From the atmosphere to the food, it's something you would see on "The Best Thing I Ever Had" on the Food Network. Quite honestly, once you eat their smokey ribs you'll likely always compare (and crave) them. Their catfish was amazing, and their pulled pork sandwiches are awesome! Let's also give an honourable mention to the sides. Baked beans, mac & cheese, cornbread... So delicious. You have to eat here!
always crowded, especially in the summer, but really good food, very laid back atmosphere, just a fun place to eat and get your hands  dirty eating peel and eat shrimp and messy pulled pork sandwiches. downsides:  sometimes parking sucks...
Exceptional. Everything is delicious. The sides are fantastic, probably underrated. I split the sweetheart deal with somebody and it was still too much food. Great food, great people, great place.
When I was in college in Boston, I had a friend who grew up in Syracuse. She raved for hours on end about how great Dinosaur BBQ is and couldn't believe that I had never heard of it. In the years since then, I'd see their BBQ sauces in local supermarkets. Then I started dating a man who had lived in Memphis, and loves BBQ. So for his birthday this year we drove out to try "the best bbq in NY state." And it was worth every minute of the 2.5 hour drive and hour wait for a table. I had the ribs and chicken platter with macaroni salad and mashed potatoes. Indescribable. In addition to a selection of their own AMAZING sauces (wango tango is the best), they also have some great local microbrews on tap. He was impressed. We also had a Memphis native along with us, and she was also impressed. We all agreed that if they ever expand to open one in Albany, it would be the best thing to ever happen to our tastebuds, but the worst thing to ever happen to our waistlines.
Everyone I spoke to about my trip to Syracuse demanded that I check this place out.  The verdict? The ribs are good.   The ribs are really good.  Good balance of smoke and falls right off the bone.  Is it my destiny to be a judge for a BBQ competition? I sure hope so.   The fried green tomatoes are probably the best in NY's snow belt. The chicken was good too, though I could've enjoyed it with a bit more seasoning. The rib eye was the coup de grâce, put me into food coma. The other sides were decent, but the ribs stole the snow.    If in Syracuse, check it out! Oh yeah, and if you want to avoid the crowds and lines, their take-out service is pretty efficient.  If you call before going, they'll even tell you whether your order is ready or not.   VERY COOL!
I work with many Syracuse alum and all of them raved about how good Dinosaur was.  While I had been to their location in Harlem, everyone told me that it just didn't compare and they were absolutely right.  I ordered the combo pulled pork and ribs plate along with mac and cheese and baked beans.  Everyone was out of this world and I ended up cleaning up the plate with my corn  bread.  I'm thinking of going back and bringing some back for the ride back to Hoboken, although I'm not sure I want my ride smelling like BBQ.   I suggest you plan a trip to Syracuse, preferably during basketball season so you can catch a game and stop by Dinosaur BBQ.
When I go to new cities, I often get unreasonably excited about coming home and writing a whole bunch of new Yelp reviews.  Well, I can't do that. . . because the only place I ate in my 2 days in Syracuse was at Dinosaur BBQ. That's right: After dinner at Dinosaur, my coworker and I turned right back around and ate lunch there the next day. This is probably the best BBQ I have ever had this far East.  Okay, this is probably some of the best BBQ I have ever had, period.  I got the ribs and chicken for dinner.  The ribs redefined "fall off the bone." You could eat them with a knife and fork.  The glaze was thick, sweet and savory in a very Kansas City way.  The next day, I had pulled pork and brisket (the brisket was a little too fatty for me, but others might find it delicious).  The cornbread, mashed potatoes and mac n' cheese could have each been meals on their own.  And it doesn't hurt that you can order a real live salad if you get sick of clogging your arteries day and night. . . The bartenders and waitresses were very helpful.  I asked for a beer on tap that was "local and awesome" and got an Empire Amber - but the bartender also gave me a taste of the Syracuse Pale.  Damn good stuff. A few notes on atmosphere:  You will not run out of things to stare at in this place, whether it's the pin-up girls on the wall or the girl accidentally snarfing her shot of vodka at the bar.  You will probably get elbowed by accident.  You will have to wait for a table for 20 minutes even at 7pm on a Tuesday night.  Let none of this deter you.  Dinosaur BBQ is absolutely worth it.
The ribs were amazing. Quite possibly rib-perfection. The brisket could definitely hold its own against any I've ever had - I've had some award-winning brisket on a few occasions and this was at least in the top two. I think the pulled pork was just up against intense competition on the plate, so it just seemed - very good. Everything else was great except for a bourbon drink from the cocktail menu that involved pineapple and mint, stay away from that one! The mojito was excellent, though. I loved the funky look of the place, but if you are all about barbecue that will be of no concern to you at all. Definitely go!
The atmosphere at Dinosaur is more than a little bit dive-esque, with lots of old rock-n-roll posters on the walls (and risque vintage magazine covers in the bathrooms), worn wooden floors, and loud rock-n-roll playing on the sound system. Parking can be hard to find, so bring a roll of quarters for the meter (the local meter maids are relentless), and be prepared to potentially park a couple blocks away. The food... literally the best barbecue I've ever had. I've eaten 'cue all over the country, from Texas, to the Carolinas, to California, and this tops anything I've had, bar none. We ordered a sampler plate to share for lunch; the brisket was tender and juicy, with a smoke ring that was easily half an inch into the meat. The ribs literally fell off the bone. The chicken had a nice, smoky flavor, with crispy skin. Yum! And the sides... ahh, the beans were excellent. Slow-simmered, sweet and spicy at the same time, they're worth the trip alone. The cole slaw was crisp and cooling, a nice counterpoint to the spiciness of the rest of the meal. Dinosaur also has a line of sauces that can be found at retail; all of them are served, gratis, at the restaurant. Gotta say, I loved the Wango Tango sauce as an add-on to the meats. Lunch for 2 with 2 drinks and a shared plate (which filled us up completely; 2 plates would have been excessive) was under $20. If you're visiting Syracuse, this is a "must go" restaurant, assuming you like barbecue in any shape, form, or fashion.
Checked this joint out one night before checkin' out the Syracuse bar scene, loved the BBQ back at a time when I ate meat, but preferred the vegetarian options at the NYC location to the meat ones here, so that's saying something. Though that's not something that affects this one specifically, as one doesn't have the choice of the two on any given night, but something to keep in mind. Regardless, it was excellent, but I'm jaded and hindsight is 20-20.
I was unprepared. So fucking good.
We stopped in Syracuse for the evening, and decided to try a couple of the famous spots from Man v Food. I ordered the Rajin' Cajun chicken sandwich, which was marinated in mojo seasoning, according to the waitress and menu. I really didn't taste the flavor of the mojo, and it was actually the most disappointing part of my meal. The sides, on the other hand, are the standouts. I chose the mac 'n cheese, which was a creamy, cheesy, cajun tasting delight and the french fries, which were crispy and decent. Nothing spectacular. The cole slaw was good and vinegary. The collards were smokey tasting, thanks to cooking in turkey necks. This is definitely a place for carnivores, although they do have the old standby-portobello mushroom sandwich. It came with a delicious orange sauce, according to my daughter. Their hot sauce is actually hot and has a great flavor.
I've eaten there probably 50 times, gotten take out and catered my sons graduation. Never a bad meal.
locals raved about how good this place was so i was looking forward to a catered dinner meal offered at the end of a required residency at syracuse university. the good news is that this was perfectly serviceable, adequate barbecue.  i felt, though, that catering is not their strong suit, and i think that everything would have been tastier at their restaurant, and the next time i return to syracuse i look forward to testing this hypothesis.
While my bro was stationed at Ft. Drum, NY we took a trek down to Syracuse, NY for BBQ.  "What?!"  I exclaimed?  "Q' in Syracuse... are you kidding me?  Why?  Let's just go to Hooters or something." "Dude," he replied, "trust me. This place is amazing." As someone who, not to brag that much, has eaten at 6 of 10 best BBQ places on the Food Network, I was very skeptical.  But let me tell you, this place has game when it comes to Q'.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, more along the lines of the sweeter KC side of Q', but it is waaaaaay up there. The overall experience was tremendous as well.  There was such a mish-mash of people eating there.  Upon walking up you'll notice a slew of motorcycles out front, but don't worry, you'll find plenty of harmless, clean-cut, suburbanites chowing down inside.  Its really a diverse crowd.   And yes, it seems to always be a crowd; so much so that the host/hostess sits at a booth to the side of the door and doesn't even walk you to the table.  They give you directions verbally and if you get turned around on your way, they correct your path over the PA system... hilarious!  You're sitting there making sweet love to the side of some blessed cow, jamming to Def Lepard, clinging "cheers" with your pals, and then all of a sudden, "Ma'am, you need to go 2 more booths down and then to the right."  Unbelievable.
Brisket was amazing - so tender and juicy. We got there around 5:20PM on a Friday night. The wait to get a table was about an hour. We then decided to do take out. I was concerned that it wouldn't be as good when we got to our hotel. But it was still very good! I would love to dine in this lively place another time if we were not in a hurry.
We had a fantastic meal and experience tonight at Dino BBQ! Our waitress, Erin, was the best!! I would go back to visit with her! Enjoy :)
Ive been to both the Syracuse and Rochester locations several times and stick to the rib-eye steak and the pulled pork sliders;  it never disappoints, especially when paired with an Ommegang Witte...    As for their ribs, I'm not a fan
I arrived with my fiance from Miami and everyone in town recomended Dinosaur. In spite of the dorky name "dinosaur" I thought I would give it a shot The town of Syracuse is a pretty slow and sleepy town. Walking through Armory Square there wanst much to see until I saw a huge line of people waiting outside of Dinosaur. It was 3 pm on a Saturday and the place was a mad house. Obviously this place offers up some good grub. By far the best BBQ I have ever had. The ribs have enough meat on them to feed the small city of Syracuse. The taste was amazing!  My side dish was the mac and cheese which was sinful. The place was so good I ate there again the next day before heading off to the airport. I sit here in Miami wondering if they will ever bring one down South!
Who would have thought that a fabulous BBQ place would be in Syracuse NY?  Great food, you MUST go there is you're in the area!
Been 2 times and had great food.
Dino is a Syracuse landmark and probably one of the best restaurants in town.  In Syracuse from out of town?  Guarantee you that pretty much every local with suggest this place.  This place is not fancy, but the service is attentive and the food is great.  I'm not a huge fan of their ribs themselves, but other protiens are really good.  The briskett is my favorite.  Prices are very fair - you'll get a HUGE plate of food for a reasonable price. Only downside is the wait.  They do not take reservations and no matter what day of the week you go, depending on when you go, you'll probably have a 20 to 60 minute wait.  That isn't a bad thing, because you can get some drinks while waiting.  If you are in SYR, definitely go here - it is worth it...
We got advice from numerous sources to visit Dinosaur BBQ while we were in Syracuse.  We were not disappointed.  I ordered the BBQ brisket and pork combo.  It was great.  The meat was well seasoned and delicious.   For sides, I had the mac and cheese, which was amazing, and the salt potatoes, which I'm told is an upstate NY thing, they were great. The service was great, and friendly.  We arrived shortly after they opened, so we got a table immediately, but there was a bit of a wait for food.   Overall, a great experience, would go again!
Awesome!
Best BBQ in Syracuse without a doubt. I've been to the one in Harlem as well, and it's good, but Syracuse is better. Do yourself a favor and order the Tres Hombres or some other sampler as your entree if this is your first visit. You'll need to get a taste of everything to understand the quality of Dinosaur's food. Ribs and Pulled Pork are my favorites. You also can't go wrong with the Chicken Wing appetizer. You'll have to wait for a seat since it's almost always packed, but luckily you get to hangout in their outside bar and have a beer or 2 while you wait. Oh darn...
Best BBQ in the world
Dinosaur was recommended to me by a local ambassador on the flight in, so I followed up.  The place was packed at 6:00 pm on a Thursday with a long wait.  I was able to find a spot at the bar.  Paul was making it look easy behind the bar despite the crush of customers wanting drinks while they waited and the wait staff with an unending flow of drink orders.  I found the staff super friendly and enjoying their work.   The Texas Brisket was succulent and tasty.  I had a soup and veggies that were great too, but I can't remember what soup it was.   The bar had a ton of beers on draft that were selling briskly.  I had to work that evening so none for me, but maybe next time. Overall Dinosaur is a strong selling point for Syracuse.  Keep up the good work.  I certify the Texas Brisket as genuine.
The dreams I have of the pulled pork are better than any sex dreams I've ever had..
This place is awesome........absolutely jammed on a Friday night on our way to NYC......and worth it!!!!!
Great BBQ, the sandwiches are great.  Its loud and rowdy so be prepared......great place after a concert or ball game.
Had dinner here with fellow team members.  Ordered the NY strip, it was prepared well and came with delicious sides. The beer was outstanding.  Service was excellent too! This place gets crowded early and parking is a bit of a pain, but well worth it!
While in college I visited this place a few times. I always enjoyed the food. It's usually always crowded, especially if they have live music. On the outset it seems like a biker place, as lots of bikers visit here. But it's not soley a biker bar, lots of college folks were there, too.
The smoked meats served up at Dinosaur is real barbeque, by any definition you care to use.  It is served fast but cooked nice and slow, and everything is rubbed down with their outstanding spice mix.  The sauces are excellent, the quality of the meat is excellent, and the attention paid to every item on the menu comes out.  I saw smoke rings, people.  That counts for something. The place is always busy, but the lines generally keep moving and in a pinch, you can just order from the take-out counter and hammer home your meal on the hood of your car. Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is a must-stop in Syracuse.  No excuse for skipping it will be tolerated by me or anyone else who's ever been there. Oh, also, they do functions.  Just saying.
Not only a Syracuse classic, but absolutely awesome BBQ.  They don't neglect the sides, either.  Incredible value, great beer selection, great service, cool atmosphere.  Also amazing: the harlem branch has the same menu...same prices.
We were in Syracuse, where my wife had been a student 20 years earlier. We decided to pass on her old haunt - which had a 4 for 1 drink special, figuring it wasn't the right milieu with our 8 year old son in tow. Based on some Yelp reviews we ended up at Dino BBQ. Once again Yelpers- you all rule! Great recommendation. This place was fun, the food fantastic, and the BBQ terrific. The biggest problem of the night was the my wife and my son had a big fight over whether ribs were "Ribdonculous" (wife), or "Ribtastic" (son). Either way they were terrific ribs - meaty, smoky, enough fatty goodness to make them succulent with that yummy crust on the outside. I highly recommend the Habanero BBQ sauce. While the original flavor is very nice, I am a firm believer in "no pain, no gain" and the habanero wasn't really that hot. Go on, love a little. Service was delightful, and the waitress was very complimentary when the kid finished off 3/4 slab of ribs. Gotta love a place that compliments good eating habits. Long wait, but we were told it would be 45 minutes and were seated exactly then. Plenty of yummy beers on tap to help ease the wait. Check this place out - who knew upstate New York knew how to BBQ?
Good food! The atmosphere is not quiet or peaceful, low lighting with red accents. Lots of posters of old people on the walls. They play loud music from the 60's-70's. Food was very good! Including their sides! Great prices, would definitely return!
I highly enjoyed the meat and bread components of my meal! But, and it's ok to call me a hippy, I really needed some fucking vegetables. Don't get me wrong, I did order the vegetable of the day, which was zucchini smothered in pizza sauce AND I did get the applesauce which was delicious, but oh so sugary. Can I at least get some corn? Something that isn't totally degraded into junk food.
for yankees dinosaur bar-b-que is doing a pretty good job! i was in syracuse for a work conference and a large group of us decided to try dinosaur based on yelp reviews and local recommendations. it was friday evening and it was PACKED! instead of waiting to get table inside we opted for the "boneyard." we ordered at the outdoor bar and ate our food out of to-go containers and drank our beers out of plastic cups at picnic tables . fantastic! i went with a sample platter - chicken, ribs and brisket. i had collard greens and coleslaw for my sides and i ordered some fried green tomatoes for an appetizer. the fried green tomatoes were very good and the sides were exceptional. i enjoyed the meat quite a bit and would go with the ribs as my favorite element. great sauce and very tender. the brisket was very tasty and though the chicken was very highly rated/reviewed i wasn't super impressed. not to say it was bad - it certainly wasn't - i guess i just had high expectations. none of my colleagues had anything bad to say about the food and the environment was just perfect after a long day of history papers. i am not down with this "best in the country" thing though. no way. the best bbq in the world is most certainly not in new york!
A Syracuse staple. Every time I come home to Syracuse, I make a point to go here. I've never had a bad meal, there's always something different to try, be it entrees or sides, but I tend to stay with the same things every time - pulled pork, ribs, or chicken. The mojito smothered chicken steak is one of my favorites. Portions are good, enough to fill you up or to save for later. Price is very reasonable. Expect a bit of a wait if you stop by during peak hours at lunch or dinner.
I so wish that the Dinosaur was a Seattle Institution. There is so very little in the way of good BBQ in Seattle. I had a 3/4 rack of ribs,slathered in the spicy, wango tango habanero BBQ sauce, that was fall off the bone tender! The ribs were amazing. The Dinosaur also serves a wicked good mac-n-cheese, not to mention a seriously solid, spicy baked beans. I tried my sweeties brisket...It was tender and delicious, it was melt in your mouth perfect.  What a meal... I think they ought to expand to Seattle. We are so deprived of good BBQ! JR
I don't even eat red meat and I loved this place.  I'd read it was a "biker" bar, and bikers there were, but they were drinking O'Douls and some of them were riding Gold Wings.  Gold Wing and Harley riders, rib eaters and fish eaters, tourists and locals, all hanging out together.  It's that kind of place. My husband and I shared the barbecued half chicken and the catfish.  Each came with two sides, and being in a healthy sort of mood we got corn, fruit salad, baked beans and a fourth side I can't now remember.  Fruit and veg sides can be a risky proposition in a place where fries and mac & cheese are the crowd favorites, but everything was delicious. The service was a little harried as it was right in the middle of the lunch rush on a sunny day when the outdoor tables were packed, but our server was funny and attentive.  The casual atmosphere and the menu make it a great place for kids, too.  Our two year old loved it.   I don't get to Syracuse often, but next time I do, I will definitely go back to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que.
Beer and great ribs! Draft root beer, mashed potatoes, yum!
Wow, it's impossible to go wrong here! Hmm, what have I tried.... pulled pork, mac and cheese, cole slaw, fried okra, BBQ chicken, ribs...oh, my God, the ribs. If you are thinking about going here, do it. But get there early to avoid the wait! If you would like to see live music at 9pm on a Friday...get there by 5:30-6 so you can have a table. Dino BBQ, I miss you so much.
All riiiight!!  I love dino bbq. I went to this one first, before moving to NYC where I tried to spot in Harlem. I love love LOVE the peanut butter pie! I also just drool thinking about the FOOD!
Best place in Syracuse for barbecue. Might it be the best place in Syracuse for the ambiance? If I knew this place existed back when I was applying for colleges, I might have applied to 'Cuse. Oh well...
Outstanding BBQ - outstanding service each and every time
Parking is hard to find. You have to get here just before lunchtime (11:30 am)... after we were seated we started seeing a long line up forming at the entrance. Our server was very knowledgeable, they knew what we were asking for, explained the cooking process of each food item; which made us even more hungry. I ordered their famous pulled pork sandwich. It was good but nothing to me stand out. Maybe because there wasn't much of an aftertaste. It's the aftertaste that helps remind me how good it was. It was still very delicious and I don't remember finishing, their portions are quite large. I'd try it again if I had a chance to go to Syracuse again. Great decorations, gives you a very rich with historic vibe. You can see many famous people have visited this establishment.
Best BBQ ever!!!! Ride a Harley there and experience the full digs
I'm a vegetarian and I still like going to this place.  Every time I bring friends to Syracuse, we try to hit this place up because it never disappoints.  The waitresses are feisty (a waitress once tried to feed my younger brother his macaroni salad, claiming he didn't even try it.  He refused to go back for ten years, but even he's come around and has returned) and there's almost always a wait, but it's worth it.  Decent beer selection and prices.   The Boy drools for the ribs, I enjoy the spicy mac and cheese and handmade fries.  I've also heard the beans are amazing and the catfish is worth the time.
Best BBQ I've ever had. and I've had a lot of BBQ. It can be a very long wait and parking can be hard to come by, but trust me, it's worth it. I haven't had something I didn't like on the menu, but be careful for those who don't like spice, I can see some people thinking some items have too much heat - just ask your server. If you don't know what to order, you can't go wrong with ribs!
I love this place. It's really crowded but still fun. It's loud, with the music, people, silverware and dishes clanking, and the motorcycles outside combined. But that's what makes it fun. There's a lot of memorabilia and painted dinosaurs on the walls and it's all really fun to look at. The food is amazing. I almost always order the ribs. I don't usually like pulled pork sandwiches but I like theirs. I've even met one of the creators of this place and he was very nice and cool. The biker thing is kind of a theme/attraction here, but it's not a gimmick. It comes from a biker background. If you want a place with atmosphere and good food, and don't mind waiting or loud restaurants, go here.
Every time I visit my family, we try to either eat here or BBQ at home with their amazing BBQ sauce that they sell. If you don't live close enough to go to their locations, order it online, it's the best BBQ sauce I've ever cooked with!
This place is just so delicious. Everything is good. If you're hungry for comfort food just go hear and strap on the feed bag. The pulled pork, mac and cheese, etc. etc. is all so yummy. It's loud, it's rustic, but the BBQ food with soul is great.
AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGG, there was a long wait to get it but you can just go across the street and go ice skating or grab a drink it is definitely worth the wait they are not stingy on their portions either. definitely a go to restaurant
Wow. Finger-licking-AWESOME!!! The servings are healthy.  The prices don't hurt my wallet.   The best BBQ I've had at a restaurant.
Good for northern BBQ but doesn't compare to real BBQ from down south. Cuban sandwich is best thing I've had. Also try the fried green tomato. Long waits and subpar service is not fun especially when the food is B- at best.
Pork ribs were amazing here.  Make sure to get those. Beef brisket is good, but not as moist as I would have liked it. Chicken is decent.  Meat was dry, but the skin was perfectly crispy and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce on it.
Cheap 'n good.  I had the One Quarter Rack of Bar-B-Que Pork Ribs (with Honey Hush Cornbread and 2 homemade sides--I had the mashed potatoes with gravy and the mac & cheese).  I was advised to have the beans and slaw next time.  Parking is tough, but well worth it.
Tell all your vegetarian friends to f*ck off and swing on into the greatest place to dine on previously living animal flesh, on the right side of the Mississippi.  Dinosaur Bar-B-Que lives up to all its hype.   The combo plates are always the best.  Choose your favorite style of rib, and they'll slop it on your plate with a pile of pulled pork, and barbecue chicken.  The sides are definitely great too.  Don't miss the mashed potatoes, and the staff will make sure to talk you into the beets by explaining their ability to turn your pee red for the rest of the day.   If you dine here and don't drink several pints of beer, you've totally missed the whole point--and I'm going to have to call you a pussy.   Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is so good that I would make the trip out to Syracuse for the sole purpose of getting my pork pulled, any day...
The best Dino in the business.  5 stars to you Mr. Dinosaur, you don't care if I eat two plates of meat drowning in bbq sauce, wash it down with a few dozen ice cold beers, and wake up stuck to the floor of your bathroom.... infact, i think its better off that way.
Dinosaur is a really, really special place. When that many motorcycles line up outside of a roadhouse-style BBQ joint, you KNOW it has to be good! And good it is! In fact it has gotten so famous that there will most likely be a significant wait to be seated here. Fear not, it's worth it! The BBQ meats are great, especially the pulled pork, the ribs, and the brisket. All of the side dishes are excellent. Wash it down with a beer and you've had a meal fit for a king! This might be the only place in the world where a motorcycle dude and a preppy college kid and his parents can eat side-by-side in perfect harmony. What's more, the atmosphere is classless, which adds to its charm. It's loud, its floors are sticky, it has a "crass" kind of feel. Just writing about it makes me miss it more and more...
It's almost pointless to review the Dinosaur, but I'll do it anyway. Everyone knows about the BBQ so I'll tell you that the beer selection is excellent - lots of NYS microbrews and such. Also, believe it or not, the Bar-B-Blues salad is great and I just love the honey cornbread.
The BBQ is alright at best. Anyone who says it's best BBQ they've ever had, has probably never had good BBQ. Over priced and subpar.
LOVE IT!! What a dive I tell you but MAN the food is excellent!! We went twice while I was there and we were happy both times.  Get there early and expect to wait!  Oh and don't freak out if biker chicks in their undies and chaps walk in and start drinking beer. lol
I lived in this area and used to eat at Dinosaur often. So many reviews- Great BBQ, a variety of different meats and plates. All huge and reasonable in price. Condiments in beer six-pack containers at the table. Live blues and great ROCK Jukebox..Kinda Biker-bar meets Apple bees A bit seedy in the front area, but nicer in the main room behind the Cook-station bar. Lover the food , prices and tattered feel of this rock and blues rib joint.  It needs a shave, but so do the patrons...cool
One of the most well known restaurants Syracuse. Good food. Good service. Moderate price. BBQ chicken was great. Fries were fresh cut. Tomato-cucumber salad was not my favorite. It was made with a sweet sauce Service was good despite the place being PACKED. Nice bar area for socializing, but very noisy. Not a good place to meet friends for a conversation.
I confess, I am generally NOT a huge barbeque fan, BUT this place is fantastic.  It's a great place for a fun, delicious meal with a side of biker sassitude.   I've been here quite a few times and have sampled a number of dishes, plus, picked off of my companions' plates for a taste and everything I've had is ab-fab! As often is the case, there may be a wait for a table, (but, it's well worth it) and when your name is called, you'd better hi-tail it the the hostess stand and stake your claim otherwise, you're skipped over.  The wait staff is generally VERY knowledgeable and I've had a number of them take the time to educate us about cuts of meat and the makings of damn good BBQ.
A legend, I had to eat here when I was back in Syracuse and I wanted to complete the Man vs Food circuit (Dinoasaur BBQ, Heids & Mother's Cupboard) while I was home. The diablo burger sounds a little scary but it is very tasty and not too hot. It is more of a cajun burn and diablo sauce is good even for the spice wimpy. The mac & cheese was to die for and carrot raisin salad was a really tasty alternative side. While you are eating you can't help but notice the many dinosaur paintings throughout the restaurant. Parking is a lil rough but luckily my sister is an aggressive parker. They are spreading out across the Northeast so if  you have a chance to stop in or get some take out it is highly recommended.
What can you say, this is one of the best BBQ joints out there.  The food maintains its biker plus Southern comfort style and has been consistent (or so I've heard) over several decades. While its popularity and commercialization have probably altered the type of crowd that typically goes to Dino's, its safe to say the quality of the establishment has been true to its history. So even though two-thirds of the people there are tourists or non-locals, they still do a great job of accommodating everyone and still producing quality food. Dino's gives you great service, an awesome beer selection, a pleasant bar-like atmosphere, while serving you some of the best BBQ you've ever had, all while managing hoards of people. If that's not a sign of a great restaurant, I don't know what is.
Although I'm not a vegetarian, I don't eat 4-legged mammals so my options were limited to bbq chicken and the sides. I got here at 6:30 on a weekday and the place was already crowded - both at the bar and in the restaurant. I chose to eat at the bar and thus was prepared to have things passing me on both sides (drinks from the bar). The staff was uber friendly, the beer choices quite extensive. The food was surprisingly good - bbq in upstate NY? Who would have thought?
This place is fantastic, and worth the wait.  Great service, good beer selection and as you can tell from other reviews exceptional food!  A must if you are near any of their locations.
Being from the South, we are big critics of BBQ. Great ribs!! I will say they went a little overboard on the sweet tea lol but it's a great place!
I STUFFED myself silly and loved every minute of it!   I waited 1 hour and 30 minutes for dinner on a Saturday. I would never wait this long for any restaurant but I did for Dinosaur BBQ. The ribs were fall off the bones. The brisket was super juicy. The corn bread had a great crust on the outside and was soft inside. Great service and value. I just ADORE this place!!
The Mac and Cheese is om nom nom nom good.  It came out hot and fresh because they had just ran out.  The mac is a good size and cooked al dente the way I like it.  They use at least 2 different types of cheeses with really great flavor. I can only give this place 3 stars because the meat that we got (1 plate of ribs, the other half brisket and half pork) weren't really hot.  They were just mildly warm.  Maybe it was because we went there at 9pm on a Sunday, but I thought it would be kept warm better than that.   Despite being room temperature the pulled pork and beef brisket were super tender and their other sides were all great as well.  I'm looking forward to going back, hopefully everything is served a little better.
Awesome food, cheap, good portions. A souvenir T-shirt is a must!
Dinosaur BBQ? Real dinosaur meat? I had a dinosaur sized appetite that day. Driving from Shroon Lake to Syracuse can give you one. I met up with a long time friend, who lived in nearby Oriskany, so we made plans to hit this place up on a recent Monday in late September 2014. With a name like Dinosaur, it had to be good, right? Even my friend told me that she comes here regularly and I guess that's a tight seal of approval right there. It was moderately busy when we came in. The ambiance was loud enough, but quiet enough to hear everyone. There was enough mood lighting that would probably make it anything but romantic. Then again, this place isn't used for date night. Am I right? The dinosaur bar be que restaurant is located on 246 Main Street, in downtown Syracuse. It wasn't hard to find, given that I had GPS! The hard part was finding parking, which I found on the same street as the restaurant, which can be hard in a downtown area. Parking was cheap though, at $1/hour, I think. That's pretty boss! Glad they accept credit cards too! The restaurant itself also accepts credit cards as well, but on this day, my friend ended up treating me to lunch, which was great. I thanked her and we were happy. The cool thing about my visit was that we were sitting next to a table, where one of the patrons looked very eerily like pop star Britney Spears - in her 20's. It was really uncanny. Wish I gotten a photo. The restaurant that day I would say was busy, but our server remained composed and professional. Service was good, but a little slow. No worries though. I ultimately got the blues burger, which was pretty much like the quarter pounder with cheese at McDonald's, but way better. Cooked medium rare and with a side of interesting French fries. I mean, these fries were different. Tasty, yet different from your conventional French fries. The meal was satisfying for sure and the ambiance felt like I was in a bar - with the dim lighting. Could have, would have, should have had a beer, but I was driving to Rochester thereafter, so I needed to keep my head straight on the roads. The service was good, as aforementioned before. This place is a pretty nice stop for your burger fix. While they have other options to choose from, the burgers seem to be legit and one to try - if you are indecisive about your food options. I liked my time here, although it was about 1 1/2 hours tops. The restaurant itself was clean, but we had to walk through the bar area from the street to get to the dining area to be seated. If you are in the area, this place is a good one to sink your teeth into - at least from a dinosaur's perspective anyway! Support local! B
So since i'm new to yelp I have to yelp Dino. It's me Natalie. Hello every beautiful employee at Dino in SyR. I think about you all everyday and how amazing you are. I miss sooo bad the devil duel wings, nachos with Cajun corn on them, and the amazing mojotos that the future Heather Lewis makes along w paulie, Lori, wills, spills, and Michele. And the STxx IPA. All I want is Mac salad, Mac and cheese, ribs, and sliders. My neighbor( from Syracuse) and I talk about it everyday when it comes to meal time and we are always get let down bc  there is nothing anywhere close to comparison around here in Cali:-(
All you need to know is THIS IS THE BEST BBQ YOU WILL EVER EAT. Period!!!! I mean bomb.com style. Why do you think it's got 284 reviews? Because it's a damn landmark in itself!
Of course this is one of the best BBQ joints north of the Mason-Dixon line. Beside truly delicious and properly made BBQ of all sorts, this place has a unique and appealing "road house" feel, with amusing graffiti covering nearly every square inch of the raw wood paneled walls. Add in a very respectable craft beer list, and there's nothing left to do. My only gripe is the place is so popular and successful, it is a rare time when one can get a seat without waiting. At least they have a hostess who will take your name and give you a buzzer.
Haven't reviewed anything in a while. Due to the fact I am in the army and always in shity parts of the world. The Dino BBQ is a gem in Syracuse it's going to be one of my first stops when I get back to drum. If you go on a weekend be ready for a wait it is always packed. It's as close as you can get to down south Memphis type of BBQ joint up north, trust me I know. Great beer and drink selection as well.
Everything on the menu is amazing, get ready for the best bbq sauce in the world!
Great BBQ I never give 5 stars to places but I have to do it here.  This is only for the original location not the sister spots.   Great old school setting, great bar, and wonderful service.  My review might be skewed because we sat at the bar.  They treated us like royalty.   The visit started with a fine beer selection draft and bottle.  Several local beers available.   Next we grabbed an order of fried green tomatoes, they were delicious.  The place was super busy and they never rushed us.   For dinner, we ordered a two meat combo and a quarter rack of ribs.  This was more then enough food.  This had to be some of the best brisket and ribs I have ever had.  I am also now addicted to the Wango Tango spicy BBQ.    We had the pulled pork as well which was very good.   The only thing that could have been a bit better were the side dishes, but by this point we didn't care.  We just kept eating the melt in your mouth brisket.   Tip: Fried Green tomatoes, rib and brisket combo and an Empire Cream Ale Draft I want to go back as soon as I get the chance.   An aside to top it off, the bartender gave us a free bottle of BBQ sauce Awesome Spot Thanks
You've got a lot nerve to take a person from Texas to a barbecue joint in Syracuse, NY. I mean, really? Well, yeah. Really. My initial reaction when i walked into this spacious, kinda rowdy-looking place the cynic in me said "look at these Yankees, trying to put on honky-tonk airs." Then, when we were told there would be a wait of 45 minutes for a table for 8, we decided to do a "to-go" order, only to be told it would be a 30 minute wait for that. I figured these people must really be desperate for barbecue in upstate New York if they're this packed in. Within in 90 minutes we were chowing down on some of the best fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, house-made hot links, ribs, Carolina pulled pork, brisket and chicken I've ever had. These people are no joke: and speaking of no joke, the "Big Ass Pork Plate" was whatever is the next step up from enormous. There were chicken wings (who cares -- lots of places have those); shrimp boil (can get that next door from Texas in Louisiana); fried catfish and sides that made you want to slap somebody -- slaw, mac'n'chese, chili, black beans and rice, collard greens. Yes, praise Jesus, collard greens cooked with smoked turkey necks. Just don't ask for potato salad. Ain't none. They have cornbread. They have white bread. They have whole wheat bread for those who don't know you're only supposed to eat white bread with barbecue. As for the meats, they will serve you whatever permutation you want, including shrimp and meat, catfish and meat, meat and more meat or for non-carnivores, carrot and raisin salad and /or cottage cheese.They also do a smoked portobello so vegetarians don't have to be left in the dust. I wish I could have intercepted some of the folks in the kitchen to find out where all this soulfulness originated, but I had the feeling that if I started asking too many questions I'd be thrown out for wasting employee time. They didn't have any to spare. And this was a Thursday. But wait -- they even have roots music, in the best southern tradition. I couldn't stand not knowing more about Dinosaur's origins. So I waited until i was back home and checked out the web site: dinosaurbarbque.com/hist… So now we know. The real skinny is the fact that he prices are right for the quality and quantity, and I will not be so quick to judge BBQ joints out of hand in future. The Dinosaur has taught me a lesson. Actually a double lesson: the founders are from (brace yourselves) New York! Oy.
Great ribs, and stuff! Can't go wrong with anything on menu!
Great service! This was my first time here and my server ordered for us giving us the taste of everything. Between the 3 of us we tried it all and it was the best BBQ I've ever had!
holy smokes!  (i havent checked, am i the first one to say that about dino bbq?) anyway, delicious, i mean soooooo good.  i tried the three meat combo thing, whatever its called, my concern? i got the small size and not the bigger one.  when they said smaller size, 2 ribs, 3 oz of brisket (maybe, im guessing) and 3oz.s of pulled pork.  again, each was awe-some!  smoked to perfection.  I got sauce on the side so i could really judge it, mmmmmmmm. and with the sauce?MMMMMMMMMMMM for sides i had mash and gravy ( i think they put an opioid in them!) and mac and cheese (meh, but oh well) and it came with a hunka corn bread.  all in all it was pricey, but i suppose its for the poppy additives. I walked my my hotel in arsenal square, but at noon on sunday there was tons of parking. smokin!
The BBQ is really just so-so....but the atmosphere here is one of the greatest collages of every bit of humanity. Lawyers eating with bikers eating with Long Island princesses from SU.  Just a great mix...plus across the street sits the NYMO building, one of the greatest pieces of Deco architecture around.
Just made my first trip for Sunday lunch. Fantastic 'cue!! Had the whole rack special with phenomenal mac n cheese, whipped potatoes, carrot raisin salad, and cole slaw. Really outstanding food!! Meatiest rubs I've ever had St Louis style. I've been to Memphis... You all got nuthin to worry about! Now hurry up and bring yourselves to Boston!! I gotta git me some of this grub every couple of weeks! Can't keep coming to Syracuse. Might not get here for another 43 years...  don't you all worry about competition in Beantown... Tiffany Faison et al got to be worried about you!
The food is great, the drinks are strong and the service rocks.  I am so glad I was able to hit this place up on a recent trip to Syracuse.  Downtown Syracuse is also really cool.   I can't say enough good things about this place.
This place is a good "run of the mill" BBQ spot. Way too much hype. C+ to B- food. Pricey for quality and quantity. I think the folks who rated Dinosaur 4 to 5 stars have never been through the South or Mid West and tasted REAL BBQ/Smokehouse food.  When they do make it through, they will edit their review of Dinosaur.
It's good but probably not worth the wait good.  The food to me is a bit on the bland side for a BBQ pit.  I don't like to have to dress my bbq with sauce to get a flavor from it; that should come from the smoking process.  The sauce, should you choose to use any, should enhance the flavor that's already cooked into the food. I did like the hand cut fries and Boylan beverages.
Best food in town if you want something rib-sticking and hearty. There are many options for vegetarians and the sides are varied and equally delicious. One time I got a Cajun salmon steak with the plastic wrap mistakenly left on it and they comped me the meal plus gave me a free drink and extra sides! That kind of customer service is rewarded by having the restaurant packed wall to wall on thurs, fri, and sat nights. The hostesses are fun, friendly, and provide some entertainment from the hostess hut. Waitstaff are fast and earn their tips wading through the masses. The way to the bathroom can get slippery, so watch your step, especially in heels (I took a tumble on the hard wood when it was just finished). Take out, eat in, drink, smoke (outside of course) pig out, pig in. Best place in Syracuse.
Best ribs ever!!!  The chicken is awesome, the pulled pork is great... If you like baked beans, their BBQ baked beans are killer.  They have fried green tomatos, and fried catfish, drunken shrimp... it's all good.  And then there is the fact that they have live blues. GO HERE!  By the way this location is way way better than either the Rochester or the NYC one... not sure why.
You have to eat here if you come to Syracuse!  try the tres Ninos with a hard cider, It will not disappoint!
Food is just so-so (although the spareribs are outstanding) - What really makes this place is the great service (bartenders are friendly helpful pros), and the atmosphere which is really crowded, but with a good mix of younger and older people and no d-bags. Background music is clasic and indie rock, but the band that night (Stroke) was awesome. A lot of people were up and dancing and the whole place was having a great time. In short, the whole place has a great vibe, it's just a shame the food isn't a little better.
If you're near Syracuse you HAVE to go.  So delicious, and such an experience :)  My only complaint would be that they can't come close to meeting the demand with a limited number of tables.  C'mon Dinosaur, tear down some walls and give us some more seats!!
Only con: long wait to eat on Sat. Otherwise, pulled pork, chicken jerk & cole slaw sandwich, ribs, mashed potatoes & gravy, boylan's soda, were excellent. Plus fruit cups are an option (helps with kids). I wasn't wild for the brisket or macncheese, but with so many other excellent options, not a big deal. Indoors is a bit noisy, but outdoor picnic tables are also available; take out too. I already want to go back one week later.
We stopped in while on the bike for lunch around- 1pm on a Saturday. Being that I've been to Dino- about 200 times in my life, i knew there would be a wait. I walked to the reservation stand and gave our name and sitting for 2. She told me 15 mins. Which is typical. I ordered our drinks a water and a mojito which YOU HAVE TO TRY at Dino-its the only place a get one from. Before the bartender even finished making my mojito our name was called to be seated- with in 3 MINUTES we were called!!! AWESOME! :-) Our waitress was GREAT, and attentive. I always order the port-porto. Its a grilled Mushroom with pulled pork on top with cheese and onion. With 2 side or FF and MP and gravy! MY favorite and i usually always get and it was DELISH! My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich with 2 sides of mac salad and corn bread-his also was awesome! some Tips: There is almost ALWAYS A WAIT FOR A TABLE! EXPECT THAT!                      LOTS OF PPL-Bikerish place if your looking for a quite place- move on!                      While waiting- get a mojito you won't regret it!                      Bring a sharpie so you can write your name within the place.
Any visitor to Syracuse should stop by this local favorite.  I almost religiously order the Big Ass Pork Plate.  This place rivals any Memphis BBQ house.  It might be a tough sell for any vegetarians in your group, but you can tell them to grab a beer, order some fried green tomatoes (amazingly good),  and watch you chow down on some delicious animal parts.
Nice joint with good bbq food. We we're here on a monday night. Crowded inside, but enough space outside. Had a truly lovely dinner. We shared the lovers deal for two. A rack of 12 big ribs and four sides. The ribs alone would have been worth 6 stars, but the sides were so dissappointing that we came out to four. Especially the mixed green salad was not oke. Dry and for sure out of a package. The only thing that really stood out were the greens in some kind a turkey broth. Excellent. And we shared the cheesecake. Oke, not special. You get the 'truly lovely dinner ;). We shared everything. Lets not make a habit out of it. For the star rating I also took in consideration that there was no wifi. At least not outside. And excuse any grammar and spelling mistakes. English is not my first language. And if that's not bad enough, Apple keeps changing the English words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you guess right, my first language.
Amazing place I have take. My Girlfriend here several times while I was at school. Also took my roommates, staff is super friendly and food is amazing
I saw the front of the place and then as I got closer I inhaled the smells, ohhh boy was it great, smokey bbq! I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork, my gf had the half-chicken and it was all great. The brisket was good but the pulled pork was just amazing along with the tasty cornbread. The plates could have used more of their sauce, which was tasty. The joint itself was relaxed and definitely had character. Will definitely hit up again when in town.
My family and I drive 4+ hours round trip to eat at Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. Never once have we regretted making the long journey. This place knows BBQ!! The atmosphere is amazing, indoor and outdoor seating, and occasional live entertainment. It's a "biker BBQ" but honestly it's become very touristy. Anyone can eat here and they should because... it doesn't get much better. They have a great selection of beer and I've never met a dish I didn't like at this joint. I ordered the brisket with the beef soup and mac-n-cheese. Also, ordered the nacho appetizer. Food was amazing!! Yesterday, we made the 2 hour drive up to Syracuse for my Dad's 65th birthday. We had a great time and like I said it's always worth the drive.
I stopped by this restaurant a few times while passing through Upstate NY. The chicken wings and ribs are tender and moist however the brisket and pulled pork were too dry for me. I would guess that it all depends on who's cooking. The kitchen was not very sanitary and the staff had aprons which were smeared with BBQ sauce. I guess this is the BBQ experience and the dirtier, the smoker, the better tasting ribs and brisket. One thing I was disappointed with was the small size of the side dishes. Overall, I would return since there are no other BBQ joints that compare up here in the Northeast.
This was my first visit to Syracuse and this was the first place my friend took me. Great choice, colorful and friendly atmosphere. Heard how good the food was so I ordered the Extreme Sampler: 1/2 slab of ribs, brisket and bbq chicken. The sauce was tangy goodness with a nice sweet kick. The meat soft, tender and juicy. The combination is legendary BBQ!
Found this place on yelp as we were passing thru.... Love the vibe and the food! I'm not a huge BBQ fan but the brisket melted in my mouth! Fried green tomatoes were sooo good...the peppery breading was awesome! The kids pulled pork sandwich was really good and had a nice buttery bun! Wasn't into the Mac and cheese which was made with jalepano juice so it has an acquired taste. I think it's one of those love it/hate it things. The ladies bathroom was pretty disgusting and parking was hard to find. Service was great, loved our waitress!
Four words: Sweet Potato Pecan Pie. That is all.
There is really never any debate about the food at the Dinosaur being excellent, but we just wanted to write to compliment the staff on what an outstanding event-planning job they did for our wedding reception! We hosted approximately 160 people at the Upstairs of the Dino with a live band on a Saturday night and they made the entire process go off without a hitch! All of the staff were very easy to work with, completely accommodating, and excellent at their jobs. Friends and family from out of town raved about the food, whereas the upstate NY-ers were just pumped to be at a wedding with what we all know is the best BBQ the northeast has to offer. Parking was very easy, bathrooms were spotless, food was rolled in and out seamlessly. They even sent us home with the remaining food so we hosted lots of people to a second day of ribs and pulled pork on Sunday! (Also, we saved a ton going with the consumption bar rather than the open bar, saved a lot of money even for a party with lots of drinkers!) Thanks again to Emily, Chelsea, Marie, and others for a job that far exceeded our expectations and hosting what turned out to be the best night of our lives!
I checked out this place based on the advice from my coworkers.  This was a very unique experience.  The wait was fairly long, a little over an hour, but the staff was well aware of this and offered us a free appetizer as an apology for the wait.  Thankfully the place is wheelchair accessible, although the place was really crowded on a Saturday night. The food was incredible and was some of the best BBQ I have had.  I grew up on filipino-style BBQ so this more traditional style BBQ was a real treat for me.  The brisket was soft and tender.  The pulled pork was delecious.  The cole slaw was the best I have had in a long time.  Even the cornbread was great.  The deviled eggs that I had as an appetizer was spicy and delecious.  I had the cheesecake for dessert and, like the friendly waitress said, was homemade and really good. I would definitely come back, although I would try and go at a time when it is less crowded.  Even if I did have to wait, the BBQ was definitely worth waiting for...
It's a must for anyone visiting Syberiacuse! This is the original. It looks like a biker bar inside with license plates lining the walls. Be prepared to wait in the frigid cold outside during winter months on weekends. Once you do get seated, it's elbow to elbow with fellow diners. The BBQ is good. Even if you've had better BBQ elsewhere, No one else has their signature WANGO TANGO habanero BBQ sauce! I have bottles of it at home and it sets Dinosaurs apart from all the others out there. Lego my WANGO TANGO! I usually use up the whole bottle of it that's on the table all by myself. The one in Rochester, NY is right on the river/waterfall.
I sat at the bar and felt like a part of the dinosaur family right away. Make sure to try to local beers. They are excellent to go along with the ribs. Mmm. Wish I lived near one.
Awesome place!!
I've always loved this place, when I was a student and now when I come back to visit.  A friend and I stopped in before the Dave Matthews show in Syracuse and we were pleasantly surprised that we had no wait for a table. The menu has a huge list of options, ranging from wings and catfish, to ribs, chicken and even veggie burgers.  My friend had the ribs and chicken platter and I had the crijillo chicken steak with BBQ sauce.  I chose the fries and salad as sides and both meals came with a side of the delicious cornbread. This is a cheap meal (at least for me, coming from Boston prices), where I got everything for under $13.  Service is much  nicer than it used to be (don't like my food served with a snarl) and really fast turnaround time.  Definitely visit if you are in the area!
The real deal..it was killa good,,,everything.. and I mean everything!! Pulled pork, macaroni and cheese, even their pickles and cole slaw..perfect    Yummy! Service decor wholesome classic...One of the best BBQ places Ive ever been too! Always shall return! Probably should be a 5star....
As we travel we almost always hit a barbecue place or two.  Often we travel just for the purpose of hitting barbecue places.  We came to Syracuse for the Baseball Hall of Fame induction, but Andrew T had eaten at a Dinosaur in Buffalo and remembered the slaw was remarkable for commercial slaw and that the smoked wings were very good.  We thought we should eat at the Dinosaur mother ship.  I must admit, I was a little skeptical of barbecue in New York State. We went on a Friday night in July.  The weather was nice and the place was very busy.  I suspect it always is.  We had a little over an hour wait for a table. So we started with those smoked wings and they were really very good.  We ordered Hoisin glazed and the Asian touch was perfect.  Who knows what is authentic when it comes to wings, I think anything goes. We had plenty of ribs, brisket and pulled pork to go around.  The ribs were a solid four stars.  We ordered them dry so we could eat without the interference of sauce.  They had decent smoke, were tender and moist with ample rub.  They do not need sauce and I was glad we remembered to order without.  Doneness was perfect, not chewy and not mush.  Surprise! They know what they are doing in New York. The brisket was actually better than expected.  It had a smoke ring, but not a lot of smoke flavor.  It was not quite done tender.  Also not quite dry, but close.  I think it was too lean, so if cooked tender it would have been dry.  Maybe 3 stars. The pulled pork was my least favorite (but it always is).  The pork was mush, over sauced, too sweet.  At least it was not dry, but I would not bother with this. We also tried sausage and rated it 1-1/2 stars.  It was over seasoned with cumin.  The house recipe falls way short of good sausage and it was apparently not smoked.  They describe it as an "ode to Lockhart".  I've eaten sausage in Lockhart, if they have, they did not learn much. The slaw, as Andrew T remembered is probably the best I have had outside of my kitchen.  It is mayo based, proper salt, no onion and not sweet.  It was fresh, crisp and excellent. The greens were sweet and a little tangy.  I still don't get the sweet greens thing.  They were tolerable.  I also did not care for the turkey neck meat in them.  Properly seasoned they really don't even need meat. Mac and cheese was decent, creamy style.  Ms T liked this.  Cornbread was a coarse cake style, just a little sweet and was fine. Overall, there are some really good things.  It would be unusual to find a place that excels at every meat and all of the sides.  Dinosaur has plenty going for it.  Get ribs, perhaps some wings, and some slaw.  That is all you need.
I feel like I don't even have to review this place because it is hands-down one of the best bbq places I've ever been to! 5 healthy stars. The food, not as healthy, but very tasty. My friend and I made it a stopover on the way back to Boston from the Finger Lakes. I had remembered it from the days visiting my sister at Syracuse. The neighborhood is as sketchy as I remembered it, and the line to get a table just as long. I ordered the "tease" (3-4) ribs with a side of mac & cheese and cole slaw. The cole slaw is really thick and crunchy -- so if you prefer creamy, you might want to go with something else. The side of corn bread has a nice bit of butter on top. I basically tore apart the ribs, pouring on their delicious bbq sauce and wiping the rest of the plate in it. Mmm... salivating just thinking about it. Part of me wanted to take a bottle of that bbq sauce home with me; but I know that I never make ribs at home..... so I can just wish that the Dinosaur BBQ would come to Boston, too. It'd have quite a few fans -- including a lifetime fan in me!
I had takeout from here for the first time recently while visiting family in the area. The food was all very good, especially the wings. I am only giving them 4 stars because I thought it was overpriced. The total for four of us was $84, this seems like a lot for takeout with no drinks.
Food was okay. Not upto what all the hype is about. I love love lovedddddddd all their different sauces.  Almost bought 2 of them
On my way driving through Syracuse on my way to NYC from Buffalo, I randomly remembered this gem of a restaurant.  I had heard about it from multiple ESPN features and made sure to bookmark it on Yelp.  As we pulled up to the restaurant, I got my first taste of Syracuse - snow had piled up higher than in Buffalo and sadly, it had all slushed and looked like plows had just left it to melt.  What that meant was slush puddles knee-high (somebody's gotta fix that especially in front of such a fine establishment).   The service here was terrific - attentive and helpful for us first-timers.  For starters, when I saw fried green tomatoes on the menu and I just had to try it for the first time.  A little pricey but good.  Then having just ate lunch and not feeling hungry at all, I ordered the Tres Ninos - serving of BBQ pulled pork, sliced brisket, and ribs + 2 sides (I took coleslaw and a tomato cucumber salad).  Everything was delicious - the ribs, in my opinion, being the best.  Both sides were extraordinary and I scarfed the whole thing down despite eating lunch 2h earlier.  That's when you know it's 5-star worthy.
LOUD and always very busy... but definitely worth it. Delicious BBQ and fantastic sides. Awesome cornbread and Mac n cheese. Great root beer too. :
Went here for lunch. This is a great place for BBQ. The place has a lot of attitude, a great selection of beer and fantastic food. This is a great place and I can only imagine going here for dinner. The theme is "biker bbq" with associated decoration and staff. We very much enjoyed the restaurant and the experience. Certainly going back next time we are in Syracuse.
I ordered the pulled pork slider and the hottest wings for an appetizer. The hot wings were spicy, but not as unbearable as they make it seem. I liked it! And the pulled pork slider was on point! I recommend both of these items. For my entree, I ordered the traditional platter that comes with 2 sides. I got fries and mac & cheese. The mac & cheese was probably one of the best I've had. cheese sauce on the inside, like a dryer type of cheese melted on top, and then some seasoning. MMMmm! I thought the brisket could have used more fat. But the ribs and the chicken were both perfect. Syracuse has tons of parallel parking every except around Dinosaurs for lunch. So you know it's good! Had to wait a little bit, but that was no big deal. And our waitress was really nice and helpful. Food took a pretty long to get out to us. Not sure what happened, but I doubt that's normal.
Great BBQ, would definitely recommend it.
F'n awesome pork skeet sandwich (brisket and pulled pork with jalapenos cheese and Coleslaw on a bun)... heaven. It's an authentic biker bar with authentic biker staff with great bbq. Much much better than their NYC locations. Well worth the trip.
BBQ is awesome here.  Every time I went I had great service along with great food.  Anytime I had out-of-town guests I would take them here and they all loved it. A few times I had to wait a little long for the food, but it's worth the wait.  Great brisket, chicken and ribs. My fav side dish is the mac 'n cheese. It's also cool to go to a joint that's been listed as the top 100 hundred restaurants on the food network! Score.
I first ate at the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que back in 1990.  Had them cater one night of my wedding weekend in 2002 & eat there at least once whenever I am near Syracuse.  In October, we went for our last meal before heading home to Mexico.  We had a feast...fried green tomatoes, soup, rack of ribs, brisket, chicken, beans, chili, mac n cheese & fries.  It was awesome.  The flavors & quality of food is beyond 5 star.  They have been consistently excellent for over 20 years.  Now that I live in the Caribbean, there are only two things I miss about living in CNY, the Dinosaur & Wegmans!
I was deeply disappointed in the barbecue me and my wife experienced... I had the brisket and chicken, fried green tomatoes, and deviled eggs... The only thing that was good was the fried green tomatoes... My wife had the ribs and brisket... Bland, no taste, and she picked over it... I'm a barbecue fanatic... I smoke my meats, and grill every chance I get... I know the importance of rubs and low and slow cooking... Well this place missed the memo... Briskest aren't supposed to be rubbery... And the skin is not supposed to fall apart when you take a bite out of the chicken... The ribs didn't have the bend... And when my wife took a bite all the meat came off the bone which suggest it was over cooked... We were very disappointed... This was my birthday weekend and a little getaway for me and my wife... Not to mention... The folks that were waiting to be seated were arms length of our table... Not a good experience
Dinosaur BBQ was among a city favorite when I came up with my girlfriend this past weekend. She went to SU and said that this joint read the best bbq shed ever had, do we had to give it a shot...and any joint featured on "Man vs. Food" HAS to be checked out... This place was (and apparently always IS) popping off. We got there at 6:30 on a Friday night, which we thought was reasonably early...we waited an hour. And the bar was jam-packed. Great vibe, great drinks on tap, great feel. On to the main attraction: the food. Dinosaur serves AMAZING portions of food for UNREAL prices. Obviously, they're a BBQ joint, so ribs, steak, and pulled pork are the tops. I'd heard about the pulled pork from Yelp, but I decided to go with the brisket sandwich (fresh beef, lettuce, onion, steak sauce, cheese). You can get 2 sides with some of the combo meals, and the sides are great. They offer about 15 sides to choose from, from Mac n Cheese, to rice and beans, to Carrot + raisin salad. I got the rice and beans + fresh cut fries, while my girlfriend got the Carrot + raisin salad and the cucumber tomato salad. This food is AMAZING. Cooked just right, meat was nice and fresh, and the sides were unbelievable. The entire meal came to us quickly and we killed it within minutes. The staff was EXTREMELY nice, and when we got the bill, I was expecting a hefty fine....not the case. By a LONG-SHOT. Our meal came out to $20! If you're in the area, you NEED to stop by Dinosaur BBQ. End of story.
I go to Dinosaur BBQ every week-- my whole family went last night for dinner. And of course, it was amazing. I ordered the ultimate BLT, mashed potatoes and beans. I highly recommend this!! LOVE Dino!!
This spot was recommended to us by our cab driver in Syracuse, NY. He mentioned that it's one of the best barbecue eateries in the nation. That statement right there got me motivated to try it. Dinosaur BBQ is in downtown Syracuse. DTS is pretty quiet during the week and to be honest, I didn't expect much seeing that it was Sunday night and I was there for work. We decided to drop in to judge this place for ourselves. Upon entering, we made our way to host station and put our names on the list. It was pretty busy for a Sunday night and there was a lot of college kids out. It took about 25-minutes but we were eventually sat. When I opened the menu, it reminded me a lot like a local eatery near my home in California named Lucille's. I ordered the brisket, ribs, chicken, etc. I had to try it all. Everything that I tried was very good and again, comparable to Lucille's. The service was prompt and the kitchen was busy. I'm sure there are other things on the menu that I'll need to try so I'll definitely be returning.
Yea my first 5 star review! Single diner so instead of waiting 30 minutes for a table  I sat at the bar. Bartender said this is not a crowded night..Would hate to be there when they are jammed!! Dinos lived up to it's Rep.. Great BBQ, great beer selection, & good service. I ordered the Tres Hombres. Heaping plate of pulled pork, short ribs, brisket, beans, tomato and cucumber sides and a piece of cornbread arrived!!! Pulled pork - not stringy or mushy !! Ribs - tender, and just a slight tug to get it off the bone!! Brisket - moist and with just the right amount of fat!!! Beans - good!! Tom & Cumber salad - Nice addiition s I can say I'm eating healthy The tray of sauces was a nice touch too!! Sam Summer Ale on Tap put em all together Hog Heaven!!! Bartender was jammed but never waited more than a few minutes for a refill..,, Dinner arrived about 15 minutes after ordering... Perfect for finishing beer 1... Get their early or visit for lunch...
Great BBQ but the wings left something to be desired, that is the only reason I am leaving a star off. I was excited I could order just 3 wings, but the hottest were not hot at all. The atmosphere was just as you would expect and my husband who is used to Texas BBQ thinks this is 100x better than anything there.
De-li-cious! If you are a BBQ snob, simply a fan of BBQ food, or are a hungry human being, then this is a place you need to go.  Almost everything on the menu is cooked to perfection. We started off with the fried green tomatoes, which were fried to perfection, and the home-made sauce that accompanied them was SO good. I heard good things about this spot and I wanted to get a taste of everything, so I ordered the Tres Hombres.  The pulled pork was amazing, the brisket was amazing, and guess what? The ribs were amazing.  Everything was tender and had the perfect balance of sweet, tangy, spicy, and smokey.  I actually bought some of their house sauce to take home and put on my BBQ!  I washed it all down with their house smoked porter, which tasted great in combination with the food. My girlfriend got the smoked hot-link sausage sandwich, and I had a couple bites.  It was very tasty as well, so either get the hotlinks as an appetizer or try the sandwich.  The fries were pretty good, but they are just fries.  Unfortunately, the corn-bread was simply OK... not much taste.  Their Mac n Cheese was delicious. I've had all kinds of BBQ - from anywhere you can imagine in the southern US, to Puerto Rico, to Brazil - and this place definitely makes my top 5.  If you are near Cuse or upstate NY, you do not want to miss this opportunity.
Hit this place at an off hour (3:00) the other day and was surprised to receive pretty suspect service.  I guess maybe it was a shift change but it took quite a while for our server to come get our order.  I ordered a beer.  Dad ordered a 'Southern sweet tea."  Yea. . . right. . . . good try but if you're gonna call it that, it better rot our teeth instantly.  A swing and a miss there. We had an order of deviled eggs "cajun style."  These had lots of mustard mixed in and were pretty tasty. I ordered the pork and brisket plate with slaw and fries.  There was a LOT of food on my plate.  Both meats could have been a bit more tender.  The pulled pork was also kinda dry.  I liked that the sauces were on the table so I could use as much as I needed.  I liked both the regular and the spicier versions that were available.  The slaw and fries were a-ok. Atmosphere hits the spot for the type of restaurant and the food they are serving.   While the service started slow, the lady taking care of his was friendly enough.
Good and tasty bbq. Delicious saucy ribs and brisket, very good cole slaw and bbq beans. The original fried green tomatoes, deviled eggs, and wango tango wings dish is a must appetizer, although the dinner plates are large, so you'll definitely have left-overs, especially if you save some room for the yummy dessert selection. The man n cheese is just okay, it has jalapenos in it. Great beer selection. Rowdy, biker-bar atmosphere, much more so than the NYC location. Lots of Harleys parked out front. I dare you to drive up in a Kawasaki.
I don't usually like chains. I am a no-chain-restaurant snob.But Dino BBQ is a small chain plus its amaaaazing. The food is always good and such a good value for the price. I always get a combo and have never been disappointed. YUM YUM!
Cool place!!! I ate dinner here this past week while traveling through the Syracuse area.  It came highly recommended from a friend so I had to check it out.   I was raised in Florida and North Carolina so I am quite experienced with really good BBQ.  I was not so impressed with the food here.  I started with the fried green tomatoes....DELICIOUS!!!  For my meal, I ordered the half chicken with BBQ beans and coleslaw.  The chicken was surprisingly bland.  I had to cover it in more BBQ sauce to get it down.  The beans were just okay.  The coleslaw, however, was mighty tasty. I know, I know.  If I didn't care that much for the food, why am I giving this place 4 stars?  The place is just that cool!!! The place is like a typical place you would find in Austin, TX.  Tattoos everywhere.  Kinda grungy, but not really.  Wait staff that appear tough and nasty, but really aren't.  Tons of fun and cool things hanging all over the walls.  This place is also very LOUD!!!  Really, really ,really like this place!!! There was a slight wait (on a Wednesday evening) of about 20-30 minutes, but it went fairly quickly.  The service was fast and friendly.  The place was insanely crowded, but coordinated very well. If I lived in the area, I would most definitely hang out at this bar...even if just for some fried green tomatoes and drinks!!!
The parking is terrible but well worth what awaits you inside! I had the Big Ass Pulled Pork plate with coleslaw and salad greens. It was excellent, and the sweet tea was great....this from a southerner. The waitress was also really helpful and nice. Go here
This place was recommended by a co-worker who said i just "had to go!"  So....   I was not disappointed. I got there at 1:45 and the place was packed. Of course, that's always a good sign. We were told it would be a 20 minute wait for a table, but a couple spots opened up at the bar so we snagged 'em. The menu is delectable and bounteous with numerous meats and sides and yummies to choose from. The whole place is a feast for the eyes; covered in paraphernalia, art work, bumper stickers and even a signed photo of Susan Tedeschi. After a yummy appetizer of fried green tomatoes, we had pulled pork sandwiches with collards, Cajun corn, mac n cheese, and cheese soup. Very bite was a delight. The sauce was fantastic.  The greens were vinegary but not too salty. Corn was just right spicy. Mac n cheese exactly like mom used to make with the crispies on top. The cheese n ale soup.....really good too. Wash it all down with a cold local beer and I couldn't be any happier. Parking is tough during peak hours, and there will be a wait if you come then. The guy next to me said he's never seen it without a wait. But, I must say, I would wait for it. It's just that good!
One of the best BBQ restaurants "up north".  This place gets a lot of love, and deservedly so.   Beef Brisket is simply superb,  the smokey flavour and tender texture is second to none.  Big fan of their St Louis style ribs too, fruity smoky meaty deliciousness.  Feel free to embellish with any of the house made sauces that are on every table, but really, the BBQ flavour speaks for itself.  Chicken is juicy good; catfish strips tender and flaky (serving size a bit too small); the only thing not so memorable or repeat-able is pulled pork, dry!   Sure the waiting time, especially on weekends, can be substantial.  Grab yourself a cold drink and a cool spot to check out the bikes and bikers, enjoy the whole experience.
This place is totally worth the wait. I don't eat meat and they veganized their veggie sandwich for me! I was impressed that our waiter knew what vegan meant. Their apple sauce is amazing! They should sell that stuff in jars. I can't review the meat products here, but my boyfriend loves this place. The only thing that I wish could be fixed is the customer's attitudes, just because you have a tribal tattoo doesn't mean your bad ass, so stop trying to look tough.
I've come to the realization that this is hands down the BEST BBQ joint in the US.  From time to time I've gotten an old cranky waitress and below average service, but the food has never disappointed me. The ribs, drunken shrimp, and sandwiches are all great. My favorite is the smoked turkey with pulled pork sandwich special. Both the Syracuse location and the Rochester locations are equally good. Met the company's VP once and he treated my girlfriend and I like a king and queen. Parking can be a problem, but the walk will do you good (even in the winter). A must place to visit if you are ever in the Syracuse area, voted as one of the best BBQ establishments in the entire country and for good reason.
frightening wait time NOOOOO WHYYYYY I WANT EAT SO BAD time for take out smooth 300+ reviews on yelp.  This is absurd.  No reservations.  No call ahead.  You just have to hope and pray you're going to get some.  A wise decision: Take Out.  NOTE: the take out menu on the wall does not list all the sides, so check that out.  I got the Mac and Cheese: really good.  I will crave it later for sho.  Collard greens were a little on the sweet side for me.  Corn bread, not sweet enough.  But the meat, the RIBS.  So worth the mess.   Problem with Yelp reviewing: now I'm hungry, and I want bbq.
Came here one night while on a business trip, and did not regret it!  The place was packed, and it took a while to get seated, but the staff was friendly and the food once ordered took less than 5 minutes!!  I know a lot of people might be frightened that the food was ready so quickly, but it tasted amazing!  Try some of their sauces, and enjoy a great night out in Syracuse!
5 Stars for everything!!!!! I am not a huge BBQ Girl, but I love this place!!!! The cornbread YUMMO!!!!!!!
My wife had taken me here when she attended Syracuse University.  I absolutely love this place. The food is so amazingly fresh and comes out out. The decor is very cool and the bikers make Dinosaur BarBQue a lot of fun.  I wish we had one in NJ but I did hear they have one in Harlem. Best ribs chicken and pulled pork.
hands down the best BBQ i have ever had, really can rival anything in the country. plus, IT'S CHEAP! a main dish with 2 sides and cornbread is sub $10, and even the most expensive are under $20.  I've been going here since I was in high school and it remains my favorite restaurant of all time. Waitresses are great, they will bust your balls but all in good fun. Tres hombres cannot be beat. Bucket of 5 PBR's for $10 cannot be beat. I love this place.
I lived in Syracuse for four years, and still call on customers in the area now and then.   First and foremost, this is the original Dino, been to a couple of the other ones, but this place is special... I have eaten here probably a hundred times, no lie,,,every customer and vendor that came to visit insisted on going to the Dino...every person I took there loved it.... First and foremost are the ribs...just falling off the bone, tender and tasty...I remember taking a group there for lunch, we had four of us from our company (so we knew what to expect), two people from Quebec, two from MA...we ordered a full rack as an appetizer...we split them up so everyone could have a taste...the table was quiet as we ate until someone said, "OMG, these are amazing..." I've had it all, the sandwiches, the meals and the sides...the shame is they've discontinued the steak and portabella soup as well as the tortilla soup, both excellent sides... The mac salad is made with cocaine (just kidding, NOT) as it is addictive and awesome... The pulled pork is excellent, a Dino Cuban is a thing of beauty, the Spiceman sandwich (pulled pork, smoked ham and smoked turkey) is ridiculous, the Big Ass platter is awesome, the Sweetheart Deal for Two is something that should never be overlooked... A true Dino bbq meal is a good as it gets...I have traveled the world and the country, I have eaten at some of the finest BBQ joints in many places around this great country and NOTHING I have had compares to the Syracuse Dino...
EDIT-I wish that Dinosaur had actually reached out to me as per the comment below.  It would have been good to know how you were planning to reach out to me?  I appreciate the effort of you all actually reading the feedback on your business.  Nice touch.  That is good practice.  I hope you'll chat with your servers about how they treat customers in regards to the wait times...I was surprised to find that a server would brag about lying to customers on Facebook on their profile!  I understand that's out of the control of the business, but it's not good PR!! ------- I think I'm probably the only person ever to be underwhelmed by the Dinosaur. It's not the food that is the problem, it is the staff. Get ready to wait.....and wait......and wait.......for a table......the staff give you a wait time, and it's just a joke (for real).  I've seen servers post online that they mess with customers when they tell them the wait time for a table. So, yeah, it's not worth it IMO.
Great food!  Fun, active and upbeat place.  Worth checking out, if not for the food, at least for the experience (with it being a Syracuse landmark and all).
Dino BBQ is probably one of the kings of BBQ especially on the east coast. There is always a crowd here because the food is so good and because they never take reservations. The inside is dimly lit and has a bar similar to those you see donw in the South.It is kind of loud so you kind of have to scream over each other to talk. Sometimes there will be a band playing too. All their entrees are good. I've had a lot of them but I feel like there will be nothing disappointing. Personally I love the ribs and the brisket. The pulled pork is good too and they have an assortment of different sandwiches. With brisket and pulled pork. I've also had their bbq chicken as well ad it is good. Wouldn't say it is as good as the other meat entrees I've had. Personally the sides are so important to me at a BBQ place and if you have good sides you've won me over. All the sides here are delicious. They often have a squash like butternut squash or acorn squash as the veggie of the day and is often cooked and sweetened just the right amount. The mac and cheese is also creamy and delicious and has a lot of flavor to it as well. The AK Chili is also really good (be warned cheese sprinkled on top cost extra money). Those are my recommendations of sides overall. If you like coleslaw I heard its good but I hate coleslaw so I wouldn't know. The two things though that really keep bringing me back to dino BBQ though are actually not the entrees and sides but this appetizer. The wings. The wings are incredibly good here. I know why would you order like buffalo wings at a BBQ place but seriously they are a must try. They don't taste like the junk buffalo wings you get everywhere else. They are cooked to perfection (never too dry)and lightly seasoned . You also have the option of all the dino BBQ sauces at your table to use as a dip. The second thing that brings me back is the corn bread. The corn bread is really moist better than those at a lot of other bbq places that I've been to. And finally last note about the service. You may get a sassy waitress but she will be awesome. All the waitresses here seem really cool and seem to have a good sense of humor. Just warning you in case you are easily offended by a sassy comment/joke.
Great music. Friendly and helpful staff. Your typical BBQ dinner.
This place got me through college.  Its the best BBQ that the State of NY has to offer.  Now that I've graduated, all I can do is dream about my next trip back to my Alma Mater so that I can catch a great Basketball/Lacrosse/Football(hopefully great soon) game and devour some DINOSAUR BBQ & their fried green tomatoes!
Fantastic barbq place, perhaps one of the best I've ever tasted! Their beef brisket is so tender, moist, and just succulent! Ditto their pulled pork.   For appetizers, we had their shrimp, chicken wings, and poutine. I really liked their poutine, with lots of pulled pork and cheese. Their salmon and ribs (could be a little more tender) was good too. Even their sides were tasty, maybe except their mashed potatoes (not too creamy). The place gets really crowded, so make sure to get there right when it opens!  The table spacing is okay, just a little tight when it's full (I could barely fit in my seat when someone sat behind me). Highly recommend this restaurant when in Syracuse!
This is some fierce barbeque!! I've eaten here twice, but have been to Syracuse plenty of times. I wish I knew about the place from the get go! Before I even get to the food, I HIGHLY recommend the "Woodchuck Cider!" My co-worker and I split a pitcher of it and could have drank another 5 more. It's really good and I can't wait to try some again! The food is legendary! I like to do the combo plates because picking just one item is way too hard. Last time I had the barbeque chicken, ribs, cornbread, carrot raisin salad, and mac and cheese. All cooked to perfection and delicious. The mac and cheese is some of the best I've had, the ribs fell off the bone, and the chicken was juicy! My other side dishes disappeared way too fast, but that's kind of my fault.  :-) I'm a big fan of all the decor they have and I love the outside area that they have set up so that you can start drinking and appetizing. The staff is phenomenal and I look forward to seeing them again. Out of all the places I've eaten barbeque, Dinosaur ranks WAY up top!
Always busy. The food and atmosphere are excellent.
We saw this place on Triple D and decided it was one of a few places we were going to hit in Syracuse. First up was Dinosaur BBQ and it did not disappoint.  First the atmosphere was casual and the crowd (and the was one!) were all in good spirits. We had a long wait but all the staff was accommodating. Out server was fantastic and always had a full drink for us even though the place was hopping. I ordered a special of Thunder Scallops and a 1/4 rack, and it was outstanding!  The meat fell off the bone and the scallops were delicious.  My family ordered ribs with various sides, all wonderful.  We even had the creole deviled eggs, which we should have ordered more of!  Overall this kicked off our DDD-cation off on the right foot and would definitely drive 4 hours for again!
Ask any Syracuse alum or resident to recommend a restaurant in Syracuse, and undoubtedly Dinosaur BBQ is the first name on their list. If there even IS a list. This biker haven is well known for it's fun, claustrophobia-inducing crowds, and of course, some mean barbecue. I'm a huge fan of their Brisket Sandwich, and will still swear to this day that they have the best wings I've ever eaten. They have a great selection of sides, but I would have to suggest you stay away from the coleslaw. There's something about it that never jived with me. But that's a real trivial complaint compared to the fun you'll have while you wait, chill and eat at the preeminent restaurant in Syracuse.
Good BBQ!
Had high hopes for this place after all of the good reviews. 1.) The ribs are nothing special. Tough and hard to pull apart. They dont take the membrane off of the bottom of the ribs so its impossible for them to be fall of the bone like you would expect. Most of the ribs lacked the amount of meat I would hope for. Out of 3 of us dining, none of us were satisfied. 2.) Brisket was good. Most and tasty with sauce. 3.) Mac n Cheese was tasty as well. They add some seasoning on top that adds a nice kick. 4.) Fries were soggy. Not impressed. 5.) Good beer selection. Thats all ive got but dont waste your tome with the ribs. The Limp Lizard which is another place in town and serves bbq is comparable and is not near as busy. Try there instead.
Dear lord, I've missed you Dinosaur.  After 11 year absence, I was again able to sample your delectable pulled pork, your spicy beans, your incredible mashed potato's and gravy.    your 60 minute wait time doesnt bother me a bit.   you've spoiled me for all other BBQ, maybe short of Rudy's in Austin.
Wow!  This BBQ has got what it takes (obviously) to deliver some great Q.  The top of the line service was fantastic.  The BBQ was really good, but the sauce sets them apart.  I have eaten at many BBQ joints and this one ranks in the top five across the states.
The original Dinosaur BBQ is a 5 star title contender for the best chicken wings on the planet!  There are better BBQ joints in the US for ribs, brisket, pulled pork and most sides, but these guys may pull together the most effective overall package with the exception of The Salt Lick in Austin, TX.   I hope the assorted farm animals that comprise my meal could look down from cow and chicken heaven to look at my permanent smile, your service is appreciated. Dinosaur started in Syracuse, but it has since sprouted additional locations in Rochester, Harlem, Buffalo, Newark and Park Slope.  I've almost taken down an entire sweetheart for 2 meal myself at the Harlem location and can vouch the quality remains consistent across the board, although I prefer the band and outside area in Syracuse, especially for the 2 months of the year where there isn't snow on the ground.     Pretty random, I was at the Harlem location about 6-7 years ago and approached either the manager or owner about potentially franchising or opening additional Dino BBQ restaurants (I even left my business card for them to think it over!) but they weren't willing to listen to a 24 year old kid at the time.  Fast forward to today, they now have several successful locations and billionaire financier George Soros owns 70% of the company with the next location planned all the way out in Chicago.  The rich keep on getting richer...
I've been to every location, including NYC! Cannot wait for my home town buffalo location to open. Even in the NYC scene, this place has the best BBQ, atmosphere, and beer in New York State, arguably the north east. Id say the country but the southerners scare me. Don't be a baby, get more than you can eat so there are left overs!
This place knows how to do BBQ. Some of the best I've had. The atmosphere is fun. The have a bunch of local beers on tap and the serve samples of 5oz glasses so you can try a few at a time. Macaroni and cheese is a must get.
Always a contrarian.  This place was crowded and we were passing through.  The wait on a weekend night was long, too long while driving.  So, we got take away quickly enough (like 15 min. not all that quick, but not a chain and it was fresh), and they let us eat it outside on tables seemingly set aside for this.  Everybody was helpful, but much or all of the food was OK.  not A-OK, but, eh, Ok.   The sauces were wide ranging but just at best ok.  The vibe was cool inside, and the selection was cool and broad, but I'd take Clems 9 days out of 10.  the 10 day, I'd try them again and enjoy some of the unusual foods.  So, if they want solace, it was a high 3, but still just a three.
What can I say - Dino has the best BBQ in Syracuse, in the State, in the Northeast and maybe anywhere if you believe Good Morning America! Since we live in the 'Cuse, we have year round access to the Dinosaur and it's a good-to choice when friends come town. The Big Ass Pork plate is a must-have but so are the ribs and the brisket and the baked beans and the corn bread and the Chicken Popeye.   I'll have the left side of the menu, please. Try it, you'll love it!
I have been here a number of times.  Never disappointed.
I've been to Dinosaur BBQ at least 20 times in my 3 years in syracuse, and this was a major disappointment.  I ordered the pulled pork plate for takeout inside the restaurant and it was still cold when I got it.  The Mac and cheese used to be my favorite, but this was incredibly salty.  BBQ Beans were good. Pork was cold and too much liquid, like it was microwaved and not drained properly.
I was in town for business and was told that this place is famous so I brought my colleagues there for some BBQ. The wait was pretty long, a beer and a half, but we waited outside and listened to the woman calling parties to be sat and she was hilarious. I commented to my boss that she may be the best show in Syracuse! When we were seated, the waitress was awesome and attentive. I was the only woman at the table and she payed special attention to me and I love that :) I got a half rack with coleslaw and beans and all were awesome. The slaw is some of the best I've had. Perfectly dressed and purple and white cabbage (which I like a lot). The ribs were awesome and everything was exactly double what I could eat! If you're in the 'cuse, go, it's worth it!
Fun; one of those must go to places; the barbecue is good but the people and the atmosphere are excellent.
I've been to plenty of BBQ joints all over the US. Dino BBQ is #1. So you have to wait an hour for a table? So what?!! Have a drink at the bar. Enjoy people watching. Just go now and thank me later. *Tres Niños with a side of mac n cheese, do it!
Nothing beats Dinosaur.  I've now tried BBQ in Kansas City and Memphis, but I can say that Dino BBQ still holds my top spot.  I was thrilled when they recently opened up a location in NYC and traveled there just for the meal.  Well worth it. Ribs, pulled pork (my personal favorite), chicken, etc... all amazing! Be prepared to wait a long time if you go during the dinner rush!  This place is always crazy busy, but it's SO WORTH IT! My boyfriend and I have mailed the BBQ sauce out West several times.  This can be found in grocery stores throughout the NY and NJ area (perhaps more states as well).
Possibly the best BBQ anywhere, move over Memphis!  I love NY and I love Dinosaur!!!!
I think my review would parallel a lot of what the regulars had to say. By no means of this a down-home barbecue restaurant its a multi platform building, two tiers and the back lot which offered outside dining and a live band. I would say the place was pretty crowded but a regular would say it was average. I made a close friend and his infant son for dinner the hostess is very nice and provided drawing utensils crayons and high chair. Our waitress also brought out complimentary crackers and cornbread for the baby. I went with the Tres Hombres and the black beans and rice also the mac and cheese. The Tres Hombres with brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Now having had BBQ down in Virginia I can say this wasn't the best, but it was pretty decent for the location and for being in central New York. I would say if they had location: and more time just slow cook you'd probably have a different quality of food. But this is still a four star meal. I also have the garlic hot wings which are pictured which were absolutely brilliant. Also the food was good enough for one year old child to pick at without any fuss. The beer menu is from a local brewery called Middle Ages which I've visited early on and found to be very good. I'm not a huge fan of craft beers but I wouldn't turn away from these. If you're in the area you want some ribs and in good portions I would recommend you swing by here and check out the atmosphere and also the good food. The service is excellent by the way you won't be disappointed. Disclaimer; if there's a line down the block and you finally get an after an hour and you have to wait a little bit to see your waitress between orders don't give me any grief have some common sense and appreciate the good meal you're about to have.
This is definitely a place I would go back for again and again! We were driving back from Canada and decided to stop by Syracuse for the ORIGINAL Dinosaur BBQ! We ordered the dinner for two.. which had ribs, chicken and strip steak. SUCCULENT! Our sides were Mac n cheese, fries, chili, mashed potatoes. LOVED THEM! We also ordered another separate dish of Catfish strips. Those were great! I have yet to try the one in the Bronx, NYC but I definitely will!!
If you are EVER in the area... Hit this place up. Amazing BBQ, always good music and the Staff is always SO nice and welcoming (been traveling here for 5+ years, never a bad experience)
Not often you travel across the country to go the a single restaurant, but this is one of those places. Biker/car bar with lots of atmosphere and great BBQ.  Full sized servings and hard to pick from all the choices on the menu. We did not have to wait mid week, but it can fill up fast and take awhile to be seated. I will return anytime I can.
I've had okay experiences with this place. It's good, but I'm not sure if it's necessarily worth three or two hours waits that my friends normally go through. It is definitely the place to bring your friends and show off Syracuse - definitely a cultural place that you should visit once but it's not heartbreaking if you miss out. I've eaten here three times. Take-out, dine-in dinner and lunch. If anything, come for dinner because that's when service is best and the chefs are cooking fresh, hot food. Even the take-out was delicious then. Unfortunately, lunch was a mild experience. The sandwiches were cold and the portions seemed a bit smaller than usual. I recommend the ribs, pulled pork!, and chicken wings. My favourite though is the corn bread (simply amazing, the best I ever had) and mashed potatoes. I think the side dishes were a bit tastier than the actual course, but that could be perspective. I've had better barbecue style foods in less crowded places. That being said though, Dinosaur does have a great atmosphere that doesn't make you feel self conscious about how you eat. If you have the time, come and see if there's room, but if the wait is more than an hour, I'd say wait for next time.
Best BBQ in Central New York! Always seems to be hopping but never more than an hour wait for a table. Recommend their ribs. For a sandwich, the pork sket is a massive mound of brisket and pulled pork, along with some jalapeños to give it some heat. I am in love with that sandwich. The menu doesn't offer much to those who aren't in the mode for heavy bbq meals, but the food is almost always excellent. Be careful when dining after 9 on some days because if you get seated near the band you will not be able to hear each other.
My actual review is 3.5 stars. For NY BBQ lovers there are great choices in the city namely Mighty Quinn's (East Village) and Fette Sau (Williamsburg).  Some have also put this establishment in the argument so I decided to stop here on my way down from Canada.  There is a location in Harlem, but this is the original.  I ordered the three meat platter (Ribs, pulled pork, and Brisket).  It comes with two sides and a piece of cornbread. Review of meats: Ribs: Fall off the bone moist meat. If I returned I'd just order a full rack of these because they were far and above better than the other meats and are the main reason, I left with a good feeling Pulled Pork: Definitely a mixed bag. Some pieces were very juicy, yet others were slightly dry.  Above average nonetheless Brisket: Meh, after having mighty quinn's brisket, nothing really can compare.  These pieces definitely weren't the best they could offer.  The burnt end pieces I got were awesome.   Review of Sides: Mac n cheese: Two thumbs up for this.  The macaroni was more aldente (hard) and the cheese was gooey and it was topped with a peppery type of dust Cole Slaw: A vinegar/mayo combination, which was very tasty Cornbread: Dry, could've done without it. If i was going back through Syracuse, I would for sure stop in, but I won't go to the Harlem location because Mighty Quinn's is much tastier
Oh.....so this is what REAL BBQ is supposed to taste like... When you come to a BBQ restaurant the first time, for heaven's sake order the RIBS. (you can get chicken anywhere...really) These ribs had all those terms I've been learning on the Food Network: delicious outer "bark" and the pink "smoke" ring that makes these the real deal. The meat is tender but does not fall off the bone (that's a good thing!). It also doesn't have that nasty tough "crust" that tastes like the grill - the sign of an amateur. No, these are tender, perfectly seasoned, smoked to perfection, Flintstones-style, ribs. Also, the sides are just not glops of stuff to fill the plate. The coleslaw was crunchy and oniony and not over-dressed. The baked beans were smoky and had pieces of green pepper and pulled pork throughout. The red cabbage and cornbread were great too. Who plunked down KC BBQ in the middle of Syracuse?....who cares? I'm a happy little carnivore! Note: they crank up the hard rock to go along with the divey atmosphere. Had to shout my order to the waitress. Get there around 11:30. At exactly 12:15 the place was packed.
It's a fun place to go in Syracuse but being from the South originally, I didn't get what all the hype was about their food. It was good, don't get me wrong, but not Oh My God good like people make it out to be. Prices are reasonable and service is good. Staff is friendly. My biggest complaint is that I can taste the latex gloves they use when making the pulled pork. I've been here twice. The first time the pulled pork was fine, the second time, every bite of pulled pork tasted like a balloon. The waitress replaced my pulled pork with no change in latex taste so she brought me an extra side of brisket instead and a free beer for my troubles. Maybe the guy grabbed the wrong gloves that day or something. Whatever, if you're in the area, check it out. Beer is pretty good. I like the Dinosaur Ale.
Our friend JJ drove us from Ithaca to this place on our way back to California. Wow! What a unique place! The food is great and we tried various hot sauces on the table. We ordered combo plates so that we can taste various BBQ, really liked devil's eggs, salmon, ribs, shrimps, and everything else. If you are in Syracuse, NY area, you just have to go there and try it out. It is easy to find a parking spot around the corner so you can enjoy the delicious BBQ for 2 hours.
So driving upstate through NYC to Canada is pretty boring. The only thing I look forward to is dinosaur bbq. Pitiful huh? True fatty status here. (Yay for having dinosaur bbq in Syracuse and Harlem, I have the option of being a fatty twice on the same trip) Good times. Get the mac n' cheese, beans, and ribs!
BBQ? In Central New York? Who came up with this crazy idea? Well, whoever it was, they are a genius. Build a pit and they will come. We had to wait a good hour and 15 minutes for our table (then again, we did go during SU family weekend). Never the less, the wait was well worth it, as the food was awesome. Got a platter with chicken, ribs, and brisket, all juicy and delicious. Sides are great too and the cornbread is off the hook. Did not try the dessert, but I saw a couple of the cakes and pies, all looked good. Been to the one in Harlem, NY as well, but does not compare to the original.
Oh. My. Goodness. This was the best BBQ I've ever had in my life!!! The pulled pork was so succulent and just pulled apart so easily. So full of taste! The ribs had a smoky taste to them and were full of flavor. Mac and cheese were a bit spicy but good nonetheless. I recommend getting the chili with the cheese- it comes at an additional cost but well worth it. The restaurant itself is packed but is a local gem with writing on the walls and funny vintage dinosaur decor. Drink menu was pretty impressive and they do 4 beer samples for $5. Highly recommend!
I cannot get over how good the food is here! I loved the staff, they're sassy and it's perfect for this environment. I also love their sauces, which I constantly buy a decent supply of. Pulled pork was so tender and drenched in sauce...the mac and cheese is surprisingly AMAZING. IT's slightly spicey which I don't believe I've ever experienced in any other mac and cheese... Also, I'm not a fan of cole slaw but their coleslaw was AMAZING. They have a huge beer selection on tap and overall was just an amazing place to eat.
Great barbeque, fun vibe, and a packed house. Don't miss it!
I've now been to two different Dinosaur BBQs, one in Buffalo and one here. I swear they have slightly different menus (the Buffalo one has the more traditional "pick two meats" type options which I swear that Syracuse was missing) but the food is very similar, and if you get the right things, it's pretty good. I would say surprisingly good for a state/region that I wouldn't associate with BBQ. Their smoked wings (which in Syracuse are an appetizer, but which I swear you can order as a "meal" in Buffalo) are delicious. Great smoked flavor. I wouldn't have ordered them this way myself, but they are even tasty with the Asian sauce. The pulled pork is OK, and the brisket is pretty good, but neither will knock your socks off. However, their ribs are very good. Just order them un-sauced - they have a good seasoning rub on them and thus they really don't need to be covered up with a sweet BBQ sauce. You can always add your own later if you want. Plus, I would highly recommend their coleslaw. I am not kidding, I think this is the best restaurant coleslaw I have ever eaten. Really nice blend of sweet and tangy, not over dressed, no onion, nice rough cut crisp veggies, and a little celery salt or celery seed. Just very good, pretty close to a family favorite coleslaw recipe that we make at home from time to time. Their greens are OK, but not great. My dad and I both thought they were oversweetened. Be prepared to wait on a Friday or Saturday, but the Syracuse location definitely has character, and the service was quick and friendly. In general the food here is good, but if you know what to order, it can be very good - get some wings, some ribs, and some slaw, and I think you'll be very happy.
Grew up near Syracuse and somehow missed this place until late in high school.  Now every time I come home I make sure to stop.  I've lived all over the country and haven't found BBQ that holds a candle to Dinosaur.  Atmosphere is great, prices are reasonable and everything on the menu is delicious.  Can't go wrong with the ribs, Mac and cheese, and corn bread.
Ok, so we had to wait a little bit for a table.  WELL WORTH THE WAIT!  My husband was so jealous of my meal after he tried a bite....He ordered the primerib bbq sandwich while I ordered the Reuben.....his dinner was good, but OMG, the reuben was HEAVEN.  My mouth is watering as I write this review and just wonder what our dinner plans are for tonight....  We had our children with us who rarely finish a meal that they usually split...the waitress suggested that they split the grilled cheese & two sides...it was perfect and $5.99 total for decent portions.  Great food!
I've now been to two different Dinosaur BBQs, one in Buffalo and one here. I swear they have slightly different menus (the Buffalo one has the more traditional "pick two meats" type options which I swear that Syracuse was missing) but the food is very similar, and if you get the right things, it's pretty good. I would say surprisingly good for a state/region that I wouldn't associate with BBQ. Their smoked wings (which in Syracuse are an appetizer, but which I swear you can order as a "meal" in Buffalo) are delicious. Great smoked flavor. I wouldn't have ordered them this way myself, but they are even tasty with the Asian sauce. The pulled pork is OK, and the brisket is pretty good, but neither will knock your socks off. However, their ribs are very good. Just order them un-sauced - they have a good seasoning rub on them and thus they really don't need to be covered up with a sweet BBQ sauce. You can always add your own later if you want. Plus, I would highly recommend their coleslaw. I am not kidding, I think this is the best restaurant coleslaw I have ever eaten. Really nice blend of sweet and tangy, not over dressed, no onion, nice rough cut crisp veggies, and a little celery salt or celery seed. Just very good, pretty close to a family favorite coleslaw recipe that we make at home from time to time. Their greens are OK, but not great. My dad and I both thought they were oversweetened. Be prepared to wait on a Friday or Saturday, but the Syracuse location definitely has character, and the service was quick and friendly. In general the food here is good, but if you know what to order, it can be very good - get some wings, some ribs, and some slaw, and I think you'll be very happy.
I visited Syracuse a few weeks ago and this was my only food destination on the itinerary.  Having been to the Dino in Manhattan, I had high expectations, and the original Dino in Syracuse exceeded them.   Chicken appetizer: phenomenal Pulled pork: outrageously good Ribs: tasty as sin! Brisket: as good as NYC, and that was pretty damn good I got a salad as my side bcause I knew I wouldn't be able to eat any more meat.  I wasn't going to have it because I was so full, but i decided to just try a couple pieces to taste the dressing. Best. Salad dressing. Ever.  It's a bleue cheese bbq sauce and it was soo good that I bought a bottle to take back to the city.  Make sure you check that bag because they won't let you carry it on. Best BBQ experience ever.
Had the pork & brisket plate. Very good barbeque.
Best BBQ ever!  Everything  from the sides to the sangria, to the Ribs and chicken.....fantastic.  Service was also outstanding.  If u like BBQ and are In the Syracuse area, give it a try!
Went there last week on a biz trip. I had the full slab with the beans and slaw. The slaw was awesome and the beans were very good. However, the slab left me wanting. I would say it was undercooked. It was not easy to pull the ribs apart and the meat was chewy. I could tell it was smoked but it was no better than something from a boil and grill place. Maybe I just got a bad rack. The staff was great and the place is fun
Ribs are to die for, let alone their side dishes! GO.
This was so worth the drive from Ithaca. We had five people so we decided to go for the family deal, which comes with a rack of ribs, six chickens, and a pound of pork or brisket. They also give you plenty of cornbread and three sides. I recommend the fries which are perfectly crispy and salty, as well as the mac and cheese.  It's recommended for 4-6 people, but really you could feed up to eight people with this deal; they provide that much food. Between five really hungry people, we couldn't finish what was provided. It comes out to around $72 before tip so it's an amazing deal. The place can get pretty busy, but it's a pretty spacious place. They also serve food very fast yet still hot out of the kitchen so there won't be too much waiting here.
I've been to the original location MANY times, usually coinciding with the annual Finger Lakes BMW Rally down in Watkins Glen every Labor Day weekend.  This is the first time I've been here for dinner, though.  OH MY GOD does this place get crowded!! I had to wait over two hours for a table.  I would've sat at the bar since I was alone, but the bar was four deep in people, and someone always managed to grab a chair before I could. FINALLY got a seat at almost 10:00 at night and it was really worth the wait.  Ordered the "Tres Hombres" combo platter with the Dinosaur's EXCELLENT cole slaw and the "Black beans and rice" as sides.  It also came with a piece of excellent corn bread; sweet and no need for any butter or anything else. The three meats (ribs, pulled pork, and beef brisket) were all smoked to perfection; tender, moist and tasty.  The rib meat all but fell off the bone and these had to be the meatiest ribs I've seen in a long time.  Washing it all down was a pint of the Dinosaur Ape Hanger Ale. My waittress (I think her name was Erin) was very friendly and attentive despite the huge mob.  Once seated, I really didn't have to wait for anything. I HATED the wait, but it really was worth it for the food.  I have to make a note to try and avoid the dinner crowd (ESPECIALLY on a Friday or Saturday night) and enjoy the food at lunch time if at all possible. Lunch time is when I usually hit the Dinosaur (even down in Manhattan) so this was my first exposure to the night time insanity. I can't really mark down the rating because of the wait, though... it's one of the penalties you have to deal with when the establishment is both REALLY good, and well known.  I'm even happier that they haven't compromised the quality to get people in and out faster, too.
Absolute must-go in Syracuse. A legend, and worth any wait, you cannot miss out on this flawless selection of sauces, wonderfully prepared meats, outstanding atmosphere and staff, and truly national-class pork. The Pork Sket is a Man-vs-Food-featured gem that you really must try to enjoy. I'm a Primanti Brothers (Pittsburgh PA) fan, and while the cole slaw is 100% different, it's 100% awesome. While Primanti's is a drier, vinegary delight of seasoned awesome, Dinosaur's is a creamy, savory delicious joy that I can't resist. Coupled with outstanding professionally done brisket, raging pulled pork, and sauces to die for - Slatherin' or Wango, you can't go wrong - if you don't like Dinosaur BBQ, you are dead inside, and the zombie invasion has begun. Incredible food, and a rare but well-deserved five-star from this foodie snob. 100% satisfaction gua-rawn-TEED.
*Update* A cab driver told me that the founder toured the South and brought back their recipes for BBQ.  No wonder! I'm from Texas and I was shocked to find good BBQ in the Yankee North.  I had the brisket and it was better than I could have expected.  Try this place out, I'm sure you won't find another place as good in Syracuse.
I am not a fan of BBQ, but this place was very good! Of course, it's the infamous, original Dinosaur BBQ, featured on such critically acclaimed programming as Man v. Food. I had a bit of most things here. The cornbread was delicious, as well as most of the sides - good mac&cheese, great collard greens, good tomato and cucumber salad, good fries. For the meats, I'd have to say that the chicken was my favorite. It was grilled to perfection, with the meat being moist and flavorful, and the skin being crisp and coronary-inducing. The brisket and pulled pork were not as mind-blowing. In fact, they arrived lukewarm instead of piping hot. Were it not for that, this place would have probably gotten a fiver from me. The BBQ sauces are alright, too, but remember that I'm not a fan of the generous slatherings of sauce on my food. Hey, for 14 dollars for a meat plate with two sides, this place rocks.
Great bbq, decent prices.  Nowhere near enough room.  Parking is almost nonexistent.  We went at 11:30  a tuesday and it was busy.  By noon it was overflowing.  But it was really by good bbq.
My first time at the Syracuse Dinosaur, which is the original.  The place was packed, we squeezed in the bar for a few beers while we waited about 20 minutes for a table.  Dino has a good craft beer selection, with several local beers on tap. We ordered wings and poutine (fries with gravy) as an appetizer.  the Devil's Dual wings are my favorite.  Wango Tango are pretty good too.   For dinner I ordered the beef Brisket and 1/4 rack of ribs.  Both were delicious. After Dinner we took our beers and went around back to the "Bone Yard" where they had a band playing.  We enjoyed the band and had a few more beers.   All in all a good Wednesday night in Syracuse.
Had a super fun time here as a coach with five of our high school track athletes.  We were told there would be a 1.5 hour wait, but within 10 minutes we were able to snag one of the patio tables.  Warning: the tables with the black tablecloths are waiter-service (not first-come-first-serve like the other patio tables). On the patio, you order at the bar (the bartender was so patient and fun with the kids) and the food is delivered.  The kids were famished after the track meet, so they all finished what they ordered; the other coach and I shared the full-rib platter (with four sides) and that was just right for two people.   The ribs were tender and flavorful, and I liked the beans (a little creamier than I'm used to for baked beans) and macaroni and cheese (one of the kids had the genius idea to add bbq sauce to the mac n' cheese).  The cornbread was pretty dry, and I only ate a bite or two of mine. ***The french fries were awful - dry, flavorless - so skip those.
Long wait times are typical due to their popularity, I waited almost 2 hours. The food is exactly what the rating says, its OK. The BBQ sauce is pretty good but the meat is nothing special. For all the hype this place gets, I was not blown away by my meal, but I was content. I didn't find the portion sizes to be all that big, I was still hungry when I was done. I've had the pulled pork and the ribs, both were consumed in a few bites. My lasting impression of Dinosaur BBQ is it's not worth the hype.
Honestly, I was very underwhelmed. Dinosaur was recommended to us by a few people as a "much do" in Syracuse. I loved the staff and atmosphere, but the food was only ok. I've had better BBQ elsewhere. The pulled pork was wonderful, but the beef brisket was horrible. It was the worst I've ever had. It was mostly fat and extremely chewy. The deviled eggs were just subpar. Our waiter was extremely helpful with my allergies, though. A lot of the food was gluten free. If you truly want an authentic Syracuse experience hit up Dinosaur, but if you want good food try some of the other restaurants in the area.
Visited Syracuse and decided to come to dinosaur BBQ. This place is crowed and the waiting list is not bad. I got the chicken and ribs combination. It was very good! Love the corn bread and all their sauces. Their pork sandwich is delicious. Definitely a place to eat.
The best BBQ in NY!!
OMG. I don't usually use that acronym in my regular communication, but OMG. Glad I showed up at 6, cause 1/2 later, could have set me back being seated by a full hour. The place was packed! Good sign eh? Better believe it! I am a BBQ lover, and this made me blush. I ordered whatever Guy ordered on DD&D. It was a combo of pulled pork, beef brisket, and 1/4 rack ribs. Ribs were crispy from the grill on the outside, and soft and tender on the inside! You could see the pink smoke ring throughout each delicious morsel of meat happiness. OK, I'll say this. Most BBQ joints spend a lot of time(as they should) on the meat. This will usually (in my experience) lead to lacking side orders. All I can say is the greens were out of this world, the corn bread was moist, and flavorful, and the macaroni salad......I could have eaten for a main course. Go there. Now.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This place rocks. It's loud, it's crowded, there's graffiti on everything, and the place has more motorcycles parked outside than your average Harley dealership.  Yet show me the person who doesn't love this place.  Bikers, college kids, local people all elbow-to-elbow enjoying the best BBQ in all of  New York state.   Look out, Southern states: here comes Dinosaur BBQ!
Ok now keep in mind I am from the north, and I've never had real southern BBQ. But for the BBQ i've had this is by far the best around. the wait can be a bummer sometimes. but well worth it in the end.
As you can  see from all of the other 5 stars, this place is awesome. I wish they had another location in Syracuse because the line can get pretty darn long. The ribs are amazing and everything else is pretty spot on. It's damn good BBQ!
Short version: Great food... OK service. Surprising to have BBQ this good, this far north. I had the Traditional Sampler, which consisted of a 1/4 chicken, 1/4 rack of ribs, and some "Texas brisket". The chicken was really, really good. It was cooked well (tender), with a good amount of sauce cooked into the skin. VERY good there. The ribs were... decent. For a joint that seems to promote the ribs, I was a bit underwhelmed. They were meaty, for sure, but they weren't all that tender, and they needed more sauce to really do it right. The brisket... this was a bit surprising. It was actually pretty frickin' good. I was expecting to have decent chicken, good ribs, and terrrrrrible brisket (based on previous experiences with BBQ joints up in Yankeeland -- no offense). Instead, the brisket was VERY flavorful, tender, and all around great. The sides were very marginal, and the chili is something to be skipped. The service... and I'm fairly certain this is true of all the servers, as I watched a few other tables near me... it was marginal at best. The girl who waited on me was CLEARLY not interested in really helping me. I was simply there to pad the wallet. She answered about 2 questions, and other than that, was non-existant. =/ Oh, and the beer, while having a BUNCH of choices... was flat. =/ Overall, simply based on food alone, I would say this place could hack it in the best BBQ markets out there (Dallas, Austin, KC, Charlotte). That's saying a lot. The weird thing is, if I had not known better, that place could have EASILY been in Cleburne or Lampasas (outside of the kids with too many piercings to be from anywhere in the South). It had the "right" atmosphere for a BBQ joint. In the end, that is testimony enough for me. 4+ for food 3 for service 4 for atmosphere. Solid 4 *. Definitely try it out.
A Syrcuse original. The place is always packed but a single can get a seat at the bar quickly (but it might be a little tight). The Porksket sandwich is a Dinosaur signature sandwich. It has a heaping helping of pulled pork then it's topped off with a tasty tender pile of brisket. It's a manly meal when you add two premium sides, included. The mac-n-cheese is  a stringy, gooey, spicey concuction that compliments the BBQ perfectly. The ribs have a nice bark on them. They are tender and fall off the bone yummy.
I'm going to amend this review for a very personal reason. One of the managing partners emailed me about my review. We exchanged ideas about pork perfection, and I was very impressed by how seriously these guys take their food. This is one professional operation! Good Job, Dinosaur!
STUPID good. i was in NY driving through syracuse and stopped here. i went way out of my way on the drive home cause it was so good. I mean really thats all there is to be said. Oh, they also got voted best BBQ in the country the weekend i was there -- FANTASTIC. If you're in the area do yourself a favor and eat.
A huge crowd, which is a good sign. I got a pork sandwich and a beef brisket sandwich. The pork is very good. They have a very good sauce, and the pork is tender. The brisket was good but the pork was better. I recommend this place.
Don't be decieved by the Harleys out front - staff inside is more than helpful. We went and it was packed - people LOVE this joint! Instead of waiting 30 minutes, we took a seat at the bar and ate there. The bar tender (his nickname was Spillz or something) was very nice and friendly. Once he found out it was our first time, he took care of the order. Got a little bit of everything and filled both of us up! And the best part was the price. Very reasonably prced place for such delicious food. The ribs just fell off the bone and my boyfriend LOVED the brisket. All the side dished we great, but I expecially liked the greek salad. Everything this place serves is amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
Finally got back to Dinosaur after a several year lapse (it's hard when you live 3000 miles away!).  What can I say?  Hasn't changed since my wife worked the counter there over a decade ago.  I fell in love with her because she smelled like this food.  Seriously. This is as good as it gets, folks.
OMGOODNESS!! OMGOODNESS!! The Best BBQ I Have Ever Had In My Life, I am Glad I Flew Out Here From Cali to Have Dinner Here. the service was also great.
Surprisingly good real-pit BBQ in Syracuse. The wings were outstanding. The ribs were tender and flavorful. The chicken had good smoke flavor. My only negative was my beef brisket had way too much fat on it that I had to cut off before eating. This place is crowded and very tight on space so be prepared.
After hearing about Dinosaur for years me and the bff went during my last visit to the Cuse. She is a native of Syracuse and said it was delicious. I take her word on food. At about 8 PM on a Saturday night we stopped by. It is only street parking so that can be tough.  Once we parked we walked to Dinosaur.  It was packed. College kids, bikers, families, couples on date night, everyone was at dinosaur. They have bumper stickers for decor that where hilarious. The taps where so cold they had ice on them and it was clean. So far so good. We waited an hour for a table and spent that hour drinking at the bar. The drinks where reasonable in my opinion, but pricier then you typically find in the Cuse. Our name was called and we went to our table. The portions where huge and the menu had everything bbq you could ever want. I ordered a platter and so did she. I had the pulled pork, beef brisket and ribs. My sides where mac and cheese and a salad. Hey I had to try to be healthy! She had chicken, pork and ribs. She had fries. The dishes came with some pretty tasty cornbread. They where hot and delivered quickly to our table. The pulled pork was moist and you can add your own sauce. I had the house sauce and it was delicious. I have to say the ribs where some of the best I have EVER eaten, I took my brisket home and well it was super tasty the next day. The mac and cheese did not impress me. It has dry rub on top of it. It was kinda gross. The salad was on the same plate as my slaughtering of many dead animals and was warm :( If I chose other sides this most likely would have been a five star meal. My bff took her chicken to go and said it was nothing special. She too loved the pulled pork and ribs. I would love Dinosaur again. Except maybe some takeout. The wait is long and parking is tough. But boy their ribs are yummy!
Some of the best food I have ever eaten!!!! You must try the deviled eggs, the fried green tomatoes and the Texas brisket with cured jalepenos. Delicious!!!
It took 6 tries but I finally got the chance to experience what many others have been raving about.  This place is always busy so be prepared to wait no matter when you come.  Lucky for me I was seated in about 10 minutes.   Got the ribs to share and man were they delicious and tender. The full rack was enough to share between 2 people.  I encourage you to try the Wango Tango BBQ sauce available at the table to further enhance the awesomeness of the ribs.  We also got the wings which were also amazing.  The harbenero sauce is very spice so be careful!!   We loved the sauce so much we bought a bottle of each for home and have been using it on everything since!!   If you get the chance or have the patience to wait definately do Dino BBQ!! I'm waiting to go back!
In town for a biz trip and had to try this place... Epic ribs and a great beer selection, what else could I ask for? Yeah, the wings were great too and the sides(mac & cheese, bbq beans) were awesome. If I am ever back in Syracuse I will be here for sure!!
The best wings I've ever had. Great BBQ and the Mac and Cheese is simply sensational. I would highly recommend this place.
WON'T BE COMING BACK! After our positive experience with the buffalo dinosaur BBQ we had expected much better from the original, located in Syracuse. And being from Syracuse we anticipated a long wait, but to our surprise, we were one of two names on the wait list. Unfortunately for us, dinosaur BBQ puts their employees before their customers. They announced the birthday of one of their waitresses around the time we realized our waitress Reanna was obviously drunk. She was extremely forgetful and it took her numerous tries to bring us even simple things like water and a cup of ice for soda. The entire meal took over an hour to be brought out on top of waiting half an hour to even order. This was a Wednesday night with multiple tables open; the least busy I've ever seen the place. We were eventually talked into a pitcher of local Syracuse beer, with the promise that our food was coming. When our food finally arrived (two brisket sandwiches and two fried green tomato sandwiches) it was mediocre at best. When finally we got the bill, we saw that the pitcher was $20. After consistently lousy service from our tipsy waitress, we decided we'd try to see if we could get a beer knocked off our bill due to extremely poor and slow service. Very passively and politely we confronted the waitress who immediately got defensive and brought out a blonde female manager. Before we were even able to open our mouths to explain our experience, she walked up to the table very aggressively, questioning us as to why we hadn't checked the menu prices first before ordering. Never had any of us experienced such an aggressive and defensive staff at any restaurant ever. Our waitress and the manager loudly argued with us, getting other customers involved, before storming off and leaving us dumbfounded. We paid and left but not before getting yelled at by both the waitress and the manager one last time. "Go ahead and put it on the Internet" they shouted as we walked away to our car.
Well the name was what drew me in but the food was the real conquerer in this. The waitstaff was uber friendly and had personality The food was amazing, many things to choose from: we started with shrimp, deviled eggs, fried green tomatoes, and chicken wings- all was wonderful and each had their own unique taste. I ordered the ribs, chicken w/ mac and cheese & dirty rice, the sides were prob the best sides ive ever eaten on my travels. The ribs were good but not the best ive had and the chicaken was moist and cooked just right. And for dessert: key lime pie!!! ughhhhh so perfect i blacked out and thought i was in south florida for a minute, then i looked out the door and saw snow. soooo good The name, the waitstaff, and the food were AWESOME, would def return.
Best BBQ you are gonna find. Get there early to grab a table. Packed every night. Pulled Pork is a must!
Pretty good place to stop and eat. Not a huge BBQ fan but over all I enjoyed it. The appetizer sampler was delicious. The ribs were a little too cooked for my liking and the Mac and cheese was decent. Burger sliders were good. The staff was very friendly. This place gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait for a bit. Dim lighting. Cool place to see!
Awesome and interesting atmosphere. Ribs and BBQ chicken were great! The chicken was moist inside with flavor while the outside was slightly charred with the perfect amount of sauce. Succulent. The brisket was flat out bad along with cornbread which was eggy. The Mac n cheese was 'different'. It had a little spice and I didn't care for it at all. Mashed potatoes were delicious and the gravy was thick. Service was beyond excellent. I enjoyed the selection of sauces especially the garlic one.OVERALL: Not worth the wait.
Its hard to find authentic BBQ north of the Mason Dixon. It may not be Texas style, it may not be Kansas City, and it may not be Carolina Q. But Dinosaur doesn't need to be. Pretty much everything here is fantastic. The wings, the mac and cheese, the collard greens, the pulled pork, the most tender brisket I have ever had, and my favorite ribs on the planet. Be prepared though......you come there will be a line. Sometimes it will be as long as 90 minutes. That is without question. But with the amount of people and time waiting, the do turn over tables consistently so the wait goes by RELATIVELY quickly Now once your inside, you are in for a barrage of Beer, Blues, and BBQ. The service here is friendly without being overbearing (They cant even be that due to the amount of people that wait in line.) You get everything in a appropriate time. I am always down for some dinosaur...one of my favorite places on earth
Dinosaur BBQ has been a staple in Syracuse for years.  They have been opening locations through out NY and NYC but nothing will ever compare to the ambiance of the original location in Syracuse.  On my last visit to Dinosaur I arrive at 4pm.  First off you must get use to waiting.  This place is always busy and there is always an hour wait unless you get there right when they open.  The place is a typical honky tonk rib joint/bar.  It is dark, cramped and the dining area serves as a stage for nighttime music.  The food is always fantastic.  I ordered the honey bbq wings with kick ass chili and cornbread.  The wings are all slow cooked and each wing was like eating a small rotisserie chicken.  The chili was tangy but not overly spicy.  I have been here many times and have had the ribs, pork, and wings.  You can not go wrong with anything you order.
Ah Dino. Classic, amazing, Syracuse barbecue. As a student, I had to try the famous Dino, and I have never been disappointed. It's a classic Syracuse joint for a reason, and when you go, expect to wait for it. On the slowest days, it's usually a 15-20 minute wait, and on the busiest, upwards of 2 hours. But to hell with it, you're in Syracuse, have a drink! All the staff is sassy and normally very busy, but the drinks are worth it. They have a fair selection of beers, local and otherwise, and awesome cocktails. I love their mojito, while expensive, is so delicious it's hard to describe. The food is to die for. Fried catfish sticks have never seemed so appealing! I recommend trading the tartar sauce for ranch, however.  Since I always go with a date, I tend to get the Sweetheart Platter. A half rack of ribs and four homemade sides. Dino's ribs are amazing, and don't need to be smothered in sauce like lesser bbq places'. However, their Wango Tango sauce is on a another level of great. Super spicy bbq sauce. Other meals, including a pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw are amazing and worth a shot as well. Try and save some room for a dessert, which are decadent and filling on their own.
Dino's is great for carnivores, but fairly dismal for those of us who don't consume kilos of meat on a regular basis.  We are basically confined to the veggie burger and fries.   The ambience here is lively and crowded.  I've never been able to get a table immediately.  The average wait is around 20-30minutes.  Live bands are a great attraction, but again, the place is packed like sardines! Servers are super nice and low-key, and the decor is awesome.  I especially like all the license plates.   Bottom line- come here if you love meat!
Awesome food.   After arriving, their was a huge wait.  Very popular place!  However, from everyone who has been there, it is supposed to be well worth the wait. After 30 minutes waiting, we were seated.  There were 5 of us, which isn't a bad wait for the amount of people waiting. All I can say..... Definitely worth the wait... I got a combo (chicken and beef).  Huge portion, cooked well, seasoned perfectly.    Good stuff.   If I am ever in the area, I would love to go back. Great location, great service, good food!
Really good BBQ and I'm somewhat of a BBQ snob, coming from KC.  That being said, the BBQ was first-rate.  I had a sampler plate of ribs and different cuts and they were all outstanding.  Undoubtedly will be back on my next trip to Syracuse.
Great southern style bbq for a yank joint. The brisket seems slow cooked rather than smoked. The ribs are awesome and the hot links are to die for.
Dined here last night with a party of seven.  After a wait of almost an hour (can't make reservations) we were led through the boisterous bar crowd to a "quiet" corner seat.  Drinks arrived quickly and once we all decided on our dinner choices our orders were promptly delivered.  The portions were hearty and the food was lip smacking, finger licking good.  The live music was an unexpected surprise and added to the good time experience.  We all agreed that service, food and fun factor made for a 5 star rating.
While I had heard great things about Dino BBQ , I approached my first visit with a very even keel , not trying to get my hopes up too much. We arrived right at noon on a Sunday and had no problems getting a table, but by 12:20pm there was already a wait. This place is very divey, with some decent "honky tonk" music playing in the background; all in all a very cool setting. I was with my son and we ordered the porksket sandwich and the tres hombres platter. First of all the porkset sandwich was a monster .. brisket , pulled pork, sliced jalapenos, melted cheese and cole slaw on a bun ...WOW.. really good. Came with 2 sides, fries and beans were our choice and both were good. The tres hombres is a 3 meat sampler ( brisket, ribs, pulled pork) which we ordered "unsauced". It came with cornbread and my 2 sides were cole slaw and mashed potatoes w/gravy. All 3 meats were excellent , moist , tasty, great BBQ/smoked profile. If I have to highlight one negative it was the sauces.  There were 4 to choose from sweet, spicy, garlic chipotle, and habanero.  They were all just OK so I was very happy that I had ordered my meats "unsauced" So ... hence the 5 stars and highly recommended !! Definitely worth the trip !!
I was in upstate NY with my family for a long weekend and our family friends insisted we drive almost an hour both ways to go to dinosaur.  And it was definitely worth it, even though it's hard to believe this is the best place for bbq in the country.  I sat outside on one of the big picnic benches and watched all of the motorcycles roll in.  It was pretty cool considering some of the bikers had come from Alabama and Illinois for the bbq.  We started off with one of the big sampler platters for the table.  We got the bbq style wings and they were great...grilled and good chunks of meat.  The green tomatoes were really interesting...especially the "dolled up" ones which came with shrimp, cheese, and a little spicy sauce...really tasty.  Personally, I went with the sampler extreme.  It was a pretty big plate with ribs, chicken, and brisket.  The ribs were juicy and extremely tender.  The chicken was pretty good...nothing spectacular.  I'm a brisket fan and this was dammmnnnnn gooooood brisket.  The thing that made it for me though was the sides.  I had the beans and mac-n-cheese.  The mac-n-cheese was phenom...creamy and a bit of a bite to it.  One of my dining companions had one of the speicals...a bbq quesadilla, which was awesome.  It reminded me of the fusion Kogi quesadillas in LA, but with American bbq. Sadly, I really didn't get to see the inside really.  It looked a little crowded.  Also, this place supposedly always has a wait.  We came at 2 on a saturday and there was at least a 45-hour wait.  The good news is we snagged a table from outside...it's first come, first serve.  Overall, a great place with spectacular food.
friendly service, Awesome brisket, great pulled pork, good ribs, excellent chili... only thing keeping from give stars was day old tasting Mac and cheese.
Any other restaurant would have folded as soon as word got out that they were single-handedly responsible for an outbreak of the Norovirus. Only the Dinosaur could retain their following after turning the asses of 1000 or so Central New Yorkers into Mount Vesuvius for a few days. The wait at this place is usually pretty ridiculous...it's best to eat a late lunch or a very early dinner if possible. Steer clear on Parent's Weekend at SU or whenever there's a big event in the Downtown Syracuse area. Once you do get a table, prepare yourself for waitresses that are crude and unattractive, but that's all part of the appeal. Dinosaur won't take reservations, they won't split your check, won't sing you happy birthday, but they will remind you when you're done eating to give up your table so someone else can have it. This is a no-frills place for good food. Get yourself an Ape-Hanger Ale (Brewed at Syracuse's own Middle Ages brewery...a light pale ale with an apricot finish) and the Extra Fancy Fried Green Tomatoes and drink the whole place in; it's a great venue to people watch as you get pretty much every single demographic imaginable.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is always packed and it is frustrating that you can't make reservations as there always seems to be a wait. Once seated food comes pretty quickly. Loud but fun atmosphere.  Not a good place for a first date.  Love the Mojito's, fried green tomatoes (not fancy) , and cornbread. Ribs or Pulled pork platter are my go to meals.
My favorite place to eat at when I'm visiting family in relatives in Cuse. Have been going to Dino BBQ since I was kid was always cool to see the Harley's out front of the place.
This is the best place in the world for BBQ... Period!   The new upstairs party rooms are great for large groups too.
Bikes, beer, and bbq what else do I need to say.
I usually count calories, but tonight I counted happiness instead. By far one of the best BBQ places I've been too, and being from Virginia, I didn't expect to find it in New York. The Mac and cheese is the perfect mix of creamy and spicy. Pulled pork was melt in your mouth. It's loud and crowded but worth the wait. If I lived anywhere near here, I'd easily weigh 400 pounds. Don't leave Syracuse without dropping in at least once!
BEST.  BBQ.  EVER. This place is amazing.  By far the best BBQ I've ever tasted.  You will NOT leave this place hungry.  I don't think it's physically possible. Where do I begin?  The ribs are great.  The chicken is great.  The turkey is great.  The pork is great.  The mac n cheese is great.  The cornbread is great.  The {insert menu item} is great. The atmosphere is equally as awesome as the food.  Family restaurant by day - biker bar by night.   Be prepared for LONG waits for tables if you go during the lunch or dinner times.  It's worth the wait.  Have a Labatt Blue at the bar (if you can find room to belly up to it).   My love for Dino BBQ goes beyond the 'Cuse restaurant.  I use their cookbook religiously..... it's by BBQ Bible.  Very few people near where I live have ever heard of Dino BBQ; but that doesn't stop them from requesting I make them BBQ chicken or mac n cheese.  Just last night I made the pulled pork BBQ from their recipe.  Even if you don't want to go all out and use the cookbook you can at least buy their sauce and use that.  It's worth the extra $2 is costs above the mass produced brands on the grocery store shelves. If you ever get the chance to visit the original restaurant in Syracuse you had better not pass it up (and you'd better be very hungry).
Let me start off with a disclaimer:  I'm not a huge BBQ fan.  Nor do I particularly  love meat, especially pork.  But my dad has been talking about this place for years, and we decided we'd make a little day trip out of it this past summer.  (My parents live in eastern PA, right on the NY border, so it's about a 2-plus hour drive to Syracuse.)   We went for lunch at about 2:30 on a weekday, and were seated right away.  We ordered fried green tomatoes for an appetizer, and they were delicious....now, I grew up eating fried green tomatoes cooked very simply: dredged in seasoned flour and fried in oil.  I know it's a Southern thing to use the cornmeal breading, and that's how Dinosaur does them.  I thought the tomatoes themselves were not as flavorful as the ones I'm used to, but the sauce they came with was phenomenal.  I could have eaten the whole plate myself. I ordered ribs and chicken...which were good.  Again, I'm no barbecue aficionado, so I feel  unqualified to rate them fairly.  However, I love me some mac and cheese, and I LOVED theirs.  A little spicy, rich and creamy, firm pasta....heaven.  It's not typical, so I'm not sure it's for everyone (especially younger kids, who might not like the extra zing).  I enjoyed it so much that I found myself Googling the recipe two months later (thanks to a feature on Good Morning America, the recipe is online).  Because as good as it is, an 8 hour drive is just too far for macaroni and cheese.  Perhaps Dinosaur should consider a Virginia location?
Slightly crowded, but in a comfortable way.  The food was very, very good.  The meats were prepared perfectly and the variety of sauces were sufficient to satisfy all palates.  Good beer menu and a friendly staff.  This is clearly a mainstay and did not disappoint.   I had the Tres Hombres which gives a good sampling of pulled pork, brisket, and ribs.  All good, ribs great!    Can't imagine there's too much better in Syracuse. Going to be tough to ever get five stars from me, so four is as good as it gets.  Highly recommend
Promised my son I would take him there on way to Rochester and a couple friends in the carpool came along so I was looking for a solid place to take them. This is a great place, close to the ones down south but not 100%. Brisket was great, just enough smoke, ribs good, a bit less smoke. The combo platter gives you good sample of each. Sides: cole slaw good but could be thinner sliced (and skip the celery seed), dirty rice very good also with chunks of chicken and sausage and don't forget the cornbread! Skip the mac n cheese though. So I made them all happy and we ended up getting Dinosaur take out for our team dinner the next night in Rochester.
Excellent ribs. The smoke flavor is perfect. The Mac n Cheese is a must have side.
"Lots of character with Great food" This is an excellent BBQ restaurant that has lots of character of an old established local place. We went early for dinner on a Saturday night so the wait was only about 10 minutes to be seated. Our party was large enough so we could order one of most items and share. My favourites were the beans and pulled pork. Add to the Great food a good selection of beers (even an apple cider) and you will have yourself an excellent night out.
My experience at the Dinosaur BBQ this past weekend was much better than my last visit.  Why?  A few reasons: Service: Our server, Christopher, was excellent.  He was energetic, prompt, courteous, and accurate.  He reminded me of Dane Cook...without the obnoxious parts. Food: Our main goal was to try as many different things as we could, so we started with the Swag Sampler Plate.  The fried green tomatoes were just as great as I remembered, the deviled eggs were delish, and the wings were tender and smoky.  The shrimp was okay...not bad, not spectacular...but the slightly spiced cocktail sauce that came with them?  I'd order the shrimp again just for the sauce. I ordered the Tres Hombres dinner this time around so that I could sample some different meats.  The pulled pork was excellent and very tender.  The beef brisket had a great smoke ring and I could cut through it with my fork.  I only had one rib while I was there; it was tasty, but I actually preferred it heated up the next day.  I know I don't much care for the quantity of celery seed in their coleslaw, so I went with some special Cajun salt potatoes and BBQ beans for my sides.  The potatoes were a great take on a classic, but I don't much care for the beans.  I know that's blasphemy and I can already sense my boyfriend's disbelief, but they're just too different from what I grew up loving. I ended up taking half of my dinner home; next time, the Tres Ninos would be plenty.  I managed to save some room for dessert: Bailey's cheesecake.  Hello, friend. Cornbread: Yes, cornbread is food, but it's so fantastically sweet and buttery here that it deserves its own category. Beer: Having a wide array of beers on tap is always a plus, and the cool, refreshing pints went great with our meals. I have to be truly wowed to give a 5 star rating, so you shouldn't be deterred by my four stars.  I think the wait time, rickety chairs, insanely crowded entrance, and hordes of smokers outside keep this from being a five-star review.  They surely do add to the ambiance, though.
Dinosaur bar-b-que is one of my favorite places to eat anywhere.  The food is always amazing.  Try to go during the week at an off time, otherwise you will wait a very long time because it is so popular.  It is worth the wait.  Grab a beer, read the walls, and enjoy the music.
I'm torn. The food is definitely 4+ stars, but everything else about the Dino brings it down. If you want to wait more than 2 hours for crappy service in a super crowded restaurant where other people will be literally touching your table because there's nowhere else to go and you have to yell across the table to your fellow diners because you cannot hear each other even though you're across the table from one another, then by all means Dino is your jam. My advice is to do the "full experience" at least once. Go on a Fri/Sat night during the dinner rush to see what it's like. If you're smart after that, you'll order your food to-go or go on off-peak hours. The food comes fast, but the service sucks - when you've been voted the best BBQ in America they can basically do whatever the heck they want because people are waiting hours and hours to get in. After my first "full experience" at the Dino, I only ever went there if I had friends in town who insisted on going. On one occasion, I explained to my visitor what it would be like and she said she didn't care she wanted to go regardless. After being in the ginormous waiting crowd for 15min, she said she wanted to leave. I said OH NO, you wanted to come here, we put our name on the list and we are waiting. The food is delicious. The ribs, brisket, pulled pork, friend green tomatoes, shrimp boil, deviled eggs, and don't even get me started on the sides like the cucumber/tomato salad. Love the food. Hate the restaurant experience. Thus, 3 stars.
Great place. Loved the atmosphere, bumper stickers everywhere, beat up, worn out just great.  The food (entrees) as always were fantastic. Big Ass Pulled Pork Plate and ribs delivered great smoky flavor and just the right amount of sauce. The sides - Mac N Cheese, BBQ Beans and Tomato/cucumber Salad were a perfect compliment. Apps - Wango Tango wing sauce on the smoked chicken wings is addictive. Didn't care much for the Fried Green tomatoes (Delta Grill in NYC still my fav) and Deviled Eggs (good but I like a little more zing/flavor) Love the Dinosaur. Went back agin this weekend (7/27) and still top notch! Full rack of ribs and Texas Brisket. Just delicious!
Very good service. Nice atmosphere. I went on a Monday night and they had live music that added to the dinner. They also have a very extensive beer menu.
If you ever go to syracuse you have to stop by for lunch or dinner. I went to the university to see some friends and see the Carrier Dome and i went there for lunch. What a great place, old school jazz feel. The smell is awesome, service was great.  the food was outstanding not to smokey, tender and very good flavor. The place was packed but the service was fast. The only issue was parking. Its downtown so be ready for city parking but its worth it!
Dino BBQ is a very popular place in Syracuse. They serve up tons of different types and styles of delicious bbq meals. I was up in the Cuse area to see Stephen Strasburg pitch for his AAA team and decided to check the place out. So it's a cool place, bikers love to come and the weather was beautiful so we were able to sit out in their outdoor section. I ordered ribs and pulled pork and my buddy ordered chicken. Both of our meals were very good. The pulled pork had a great taste and the ribs were also very tasty. They have a long list of sides as well for you to choose from. My experience at Dino BBQ was good but this is def not the best bbq I have ever had even though some people in the Cuse area may tell you this, but it is a nice option.
Great place for lunch or dinner. This is a favorite of locals and visitors alike.   From time to time you may experience a wait if you go at prime times. You will enjoy the humor of the team who is keeping track of wait list. The cornbread is a must!  It comes with many of the items on the menu or can be added.  This cornbread is sweet and moist, with a hint of vanilla. There are amazing sides too.  The cucumber tomato salad is very flavorful and always fresh.
I won't go against the flow here, this place has good BBQ . I had a 1/4 rack of ribs with beans and slaw as sides. I think the ribs were good but not as good as Bogarts in St.  Louis. The slaw was very good, the beans ok. My favorite on the menu were the wings. Big, moist smoky and with the "hotter sauce" garlicky and piquant. Some of the best wings I've ever had, worth a trip for them alone. The decor is casually disheveled as any good rib place should be. Service was good and pleasant. I wouldn't hesitate to return as well as recommend the place. I
Very delicious half chicken BBQ. The gravy on the mashed potatoes was a little too thick for me though.  My buddy had the half rack, which he claimed was excellent.  Corn bread was great too. They have a stellar beer list, including lots of local micro brews. We ate late on a Monday circa 11pm and they had good live music.
This is like top 3 best places i ever ate!!!!! Everything here is good. I visit every summer and it s a highlight of my year to go to dinosaur bbq. Every side dish is dynamite, beans mac n cheese. (once had their crab soup is was killer) There ribs are smoked to perfection but i am more of a pulled pork man, and let me tell you it is so tender and amazing! If in upstate New York this is a must go to place, CAN BE SEEN ON MAN vs FOOD!!!!!!
Came here this past winter and was highly satisfied! We did have to wait about 1 hour but there was room at the bar to wait. I ended up sitting in the back where they do their express BBQ which was fine but was colder because of the door opening constantly. The best part has to be the food. I ordered a brisket sandwich which was great- the meat was tender and full of flavor! But honestly the best thing I ate was the cornbread hands down best cornbread I've ever had high recommend it! Overall great experience and I would go back!
5 stars because it's the best place to get your grub on in Syracuse.  Now with that being said, if this was in Kansas City it'd be a 3 and a half star spot.  It's too pricey to compete with the cheap-ass shacks in KC and the quality is a little too inconsistent in comparison.  But their drink selection is great, with a wide selection of beers on tap.   I recommend to the novice splitting the appetizer sampler (fried green tomato, shrimp, deviled egg and chicken wing) and getting a sandwich.  The chicken is great, while the pork is more consistent than the brisket (this seems to be a theme common to most BBQ restaurants with the exception of only the best (or those in Texas)).   This is the original Dinosaur location that has lead to locations in Rochester, NYC and (soon) Albany.
Oh my word! Real smokey BBQ. Food and  service was awesome. The Three Hombres (beef brisket, pulled pork and ribs). Mmmmmm tender tender tender. Good prices too. You guys got 2 Canucks that will go back for sure. Worth the drive. :-)  Very busy.
As in my Phil's BBQ review, I'll preface by saying that I'm not a huge BBQ ribs fan. If I were, Dinosaur would probably have received a 4.7 -- if there were such thing. I've probably been here 5 or 6 times in the past 3 years, and it has not failed me yet. The ribs are good and the portions are hearty. Other reviews have probably established by now that the food is great. The meat is high quality, juicy and delicious. My go-to sides are baked beans and mac n cheese, though chili is a close third. The corn bread is great too -- tender and moist with enough grit for an authentic corn bread taste. I've only had one better, at Maxie's in Ithaca. The best appetizer is the peel and eat shrimp. Trust me, you won't regret ordering it. It makes your fingers smell -- though nothing compared to the smell after eat at The Boiling Crab -- and is a lot of work for a little piece of shrimp, but it's delicious. Savory, salty, seasoned and delicious. And I'm not a big fan of wings, but everyone I've been with who's ordered wings seems to love them. All in all, a foolproof lunch or dinner spot in Syracuse.
What else can be said about this Syracuse institution? Delicious BBQ in Syracuse might be hard to believe, but Dinosaur rarely disappoints. Stopped here last weekend just after midnight and was delighted that the kitchen is open until 1 AM. Shared a rack of ribs with a couple people and then foolishly thought I could take down a Pork Sket platter afterwards. First time trying that sandwich and it was really, really good. It was even good the next day since I had to take home about half of it. If you're planning on going here during dinner hours, be prepared to wait at least 90 minutes and be very cramped. But personally I love the atmosphere here. Not to mention the food is worth it. If you don't want to wait, takeout is also available so you can still get the delicious food with no waiting (as long as you call ahead). Great food, great beer, great atmosphere. Can't go wrong. But you already know that.
Ok, first of all I do not like barbaque flavor and I am not a big meat eater. However since most of my friends are obsessed with Dinosaur Barbeque sometimes I go for a birthday party or something. I really appreciate that there are vegetarian options at a BBQ place. I get the "sides" meal where you get 3 sides and one is a little bigger than the other three for less than 7 dollars. I like the mac and cheese, corn, and potatoes as the choices best. The mac and cheese is definitely unique! I like it because I can be accommodated in a place that specializes in things I don't like! Watch out though, long wait times, the place is usually packed!
It doesn't matter what time you go to Dino BBQ it's always packed.  Had a pork combo - the pulled pork was good, the brisket was excellent. The two items that will always knock your socks off - their brisket and chicken.  Both are so tender, it's off the charts.
There is a reason for my A-OK rating.  I spent the past 3+ years living near North Carolina and got my fair share of Carolina BBQ, and Dinosaur's does not even come close.  First the Carolina is a vinegar based sauce and is chopped, not pulled.  Also, slaw is served on the side! Next time I visit, I will try the BBQ that makes this place rock. By the way, great job on the collard greens!
I can't get enough of this place! I have been eating at Dino for about the last 10 years and it's always been amazing! I love the food, the beer, and the atmosphere. I've tried a variety of food and it's always good. I love love love the bbq beans and the north carolina pulled pork sandwich (a heaping mound of pulled pork on a fresh bun with cole slaw on top!). Their cornbread is phenomenal and so are their ribs and their wings (try the wango tango!). I never ever get tired of eating here. In fact, I could go for some right about now! If you have never been, put it on your to do list ASAP! You will not regret it!
This is a MUST for all who visit Syracuse! You will probably have a little bit of a wait considering it is one of the most popular restaurants in the area, but you will not be disappointed! I am a sucker for their fried green tomatoes as an appetizer--perfectly crispy and delicious. Their ribs are extremely flavorful and sweet! Their French fries are perfectly crispy and not too salty. The atmosphere is loud, probably not great for very young kids, because it is always packed full with others waiting around or at the bar. I walked several blocks through heavy snow on the day after my first child was due to arrive just to eat this food! I'm not kidding.
Definitely a fan! Yes the waits can be long because this place is popular and sometimes the service can be a little slow too (or rude) but I deal with it because I like the food here. My favorite is pulled pork + bbq baked beans + a drizzle of bbq sauce....mm mmm mmm. Ribs, corn bread, mac n cheese, n chili are all winners. Brisket and chicken can be a little dry sometimes (but thats usually the case it seems). I've had some really good bbq (in the North and the South) and I do think Dino is a legit bbq place. The food is always great, will always get you full, and will always keep you coming back for more
Dino BBQ is one of two celebrated cultural sites in the 'cuse (the other being a ginormous Wegman's grocery store located in Dewitt). Carnivores prepare yourselves for plates of heaping portions of beef, chicken and pork slathered in Dino BBQ's infamous sauce. If you can't decide which animal you'd like to go with, you can order a combo of all three-- like a little farm on your plate. Vegetarians dining here to take in the roadhouse ambiance will appreciate the portobello mushroom entree option on the menu. Otherwise, this isn't a place to load up on veggies. "What's the fresh vegetable of the day?" Someone at my table asked our waiter after seeing it as a "side" option on the menu. "Potato salad." With massive food portions, exercise care in selecting beverages. I recommend getting the bucket of beer--essentially a large silver pale filled with ice and five bottles of Pabst delivered promptly to your table. They also serve Dom Perignon, which you can pair with a full rack of ribs for $195. Each table comes complete with a little crate of various Dino BBQ sauces. It's fun to taste to them all regardless of what you order. If you fall in love with one, you can even buy a bottle take home with you. This place is hopping. We waited about 30 minutes for a table on a Wednesday night around 9:30PM.
Best BBQ in the county. I have come here several times over the years as I am not a local. But whenever in the cuse I make it a must stop. Atmosphere is awesome as is the food and drinks.
This place is great! Awesome atmosphere, top quality food! My only reason for not 5 starring is I feel the prices might just be a little to high... But I'd definitely go again and again! I want to say that their inhouse pickles are stellar and the coleslaw and other side dishes are all very tasty... Finally, the fresh cut fries.... are just that, nothing special, nothing different that anywhere else... with so many sides to choose from, stay away from the fries and pick those up at any of the billion other establishments that do the same exact thing, not when you could get the slaw, mac n cheese, greens, pickles, etc.
Really a fun place! We went on a Saturday night and the place was definitely jumpin'.  Live music and very crowded.  We had a long wait so we went to the bar and kicked back a few drinks.  The bartenders were friendly and attentive, my glass was never empty and this was surprising considering how crazy busy the bar was!  I guess I'm used to NYC ways of doing things, I forgot how customer service is really supposed to be lol  Anyway, once we were seated to eat, our waitress was very friendly and also attentive.  I got the steak with a side of cole slaw and mashed potatoes. OMG..that was the best 3 meals I've had in a long time.  That's right, the portions WERE HUGE.  I broke that baby up into 3 separate meals and guess what? My steak was never tough even after I warmed it up in the micro.  Also, the corn bread? Off the hook.  All in all, this was a really fun dining experience and probably one of the best gems in Syracuse.  If I find myself in town again, I'll definitely pass through, but go there on an empty stomach!
I guess I was setting my self up for failure by ordering the pulled pork sandwhich that they call the "Carolina". As someone who grew up in NC and has in-laws in Lexington, NC (AKA the self proclaimed barbecue capitol of the state) I'm not sure what i was thinking. I'd avoid the Carolina, it's a huge mess. Meat-wise, everything I had needed either moisture or extra sauce. Throughout our tasting of almost everything on the menu that was my take-away: things either seemed dry or lacked any flavor. Our local pal raved about the mac & cheese as well. What a huge disappointment that was - it seemed a few steps away from the box version. I can make better mac & cheese from scratch. That said, after everything was sauced up, it was tasty. I'd come back again if I was in town. The decor is cute and the waitstaff was super nice. Is it the best barbecue? No. Is it the best in upstate NY? Probably.
As a BBQ aficionado I can't say this is the absolute best I've ever had but it was pretty damn good--4stars. I didn't care for the pulled pork but the brisket was great! They had a really great piano bar vibe going the night we went too. The local beers I tried were great and they make a super tasty cider. If you find yourself in Syracuse I'd recommend checking this place out, was a great evening.
My mom and I went here for lunch today and it was fabulous!! I got the Big Ass Pork Plate and my mom got the Brisket and Pork Plate and they were both perfect. Tender, juicy meat with their signature barbecue sauce, plus great sides like the salad with their BBQ house dressing and mashed potatoes with beef gravy. The portions are enormous, and as good as the pulled pork is you'll strain to get every bite in regardless!! My two sides were the fresh fruit (above average, large helping of fruit, blueberries and grapes were perfect) and the mashed potatoes (so thick you could almost stand your fork up in them by itself, but not dry, plenty of beef gravy and great flavor on its own). My mom got the salad with the BBQ house dressing and the cucumber and tomato salad, and she just raved about the dressing on the salad!! We're from Texas so  we're used to good BBQ, but this one was the best we've had!! The service was a little lacking because of how busy they were, but the server was nice. Seeing how busy they were at 1:30 - 2 o' clock I'm afraid to go during their dinner rush, but it would be worth the wait!!
This place has been featured on the food network a few times and my daughter and son-in-law swear by it.  It was her birthday and she picked this place for her dinner before we flew home.  Of course any place featured on the food network is on our bucket list of places to eat, so we were on board! This location does not have call ahead seating or reservations.  I hear it's because they are so good that they don't want to reserve a spot and risk the chance of someone not showing up and leaving others waiting for nothing.  No big deal, I suppose.  We had less than a 10 minute wait, I am thinking that is because we were there around 4:30ish in the afternoon.  Kind of in between lunch and dinner crowds. The place is kind of dark, and very small.  It is like a barish type restaurant.  I hope that makes sense.  We sat at a corner round table, which is perfect because there were 6 of us.  Our server was very nice and fast.  We did have to remind her to bring the babies their chocolate milk though.  But she was fast about refilling and she checked on us more than any place I have ever eaten at before. We got the devil eggs and wings for appetizers.  The eggs were alright.  Maybe I am just used to my wonderfully delicious eggs though :)  and the wings were spot on!  I'd order them again.  For my dinner, I ordered the 1/4 rack ribs with baked beans and cajun corn.  Let's see how to start this... First let me say that I am a southern girl, and I love me some BBQ done southern style.  We however, were in New York... a far cry from the south.  The ribs were alright, they were tender but not the tender fall off the bones type of juicy ribs that I am used to getting in the south.  The beans were cold and not my type of baked beans.  The cajun corn was alright, think my honey makes better though.  My honey had one of the combo plates that offered chicken, ribs and brisket.  His sides were mac n cheese and greens.  His opinion of the ribs were the same as mine, no need to rehash that.  He said the brisket was good but he wished they wouldn't put the BBQ sauce on it. I agree with that.  The chicken was by far his favorite.  It was okay to me.  I enjoyed the greens, he did not.  and the mac n cheese were yummo.  We also got a piece of cornbread with our meals, and it was good.  I like my cornbread sweet, but that's maybe a southern thing??? I mean, if you are in the area, give em a try.  I probably woudln't go out of my way to make a special trip here myself.  BUT, keep in mind that as I mentioned earlier... I am a southern girl who like the southern BBQ style!
Every time I'm traveling through Syracuse I have to stop at Dinosaur BBQ. They serve up great food in an area you'd wouldn't expect to find great BBQ. I usually go with their BBQ chicken and ribs combo. Their sauce is solid, but I believe it is their rub that really makes their meats exceptional. They have a number of sides that are all well executed. Just heads up this place can get crowded and the inside can get loud. Suffer through it though for a yummy meal.
I discovered Dinosaur Bar-b-que through a quick check of Yelp as I was driving through Syracuse.  One of the best and friendliest barbeque places I've been.  Pulled pork and brisket had good smoke and there are lots of tasty sides, including satisfying macaroni and cheese
If you love great Q then Dinosaur's is the place for you. I finished a meeting early and on the way to the airport stopped by for lunch...fantastic!!! I sat at the bar but there were plenty of tables available, it was midafternoon so I guess the lunch crowed had dissipated. The bar tender asked if this was my first time and when I said yes he responded "let me order for you" which I did. I had the sample platter which included ribs, brisket and pulled pork. I never touched my knife. The ribs were so tender and perfectly cooked that they literally peeled off the bone with a gentle pull of my fork. The taste was amazing! Flawless smoky flavor permeated every bite. They have several sauce temperatures and I had original which I could have put a straw in the bottle and consumed every drop. What more needs to be said. This is the real deal when it comes to authentic Q. So glad I stopped by.
Great BBQ-love the  brisket, kind of pricey for appetizers but the fried green tomatoes are worth the price!!
My sister, her husband, my 22 month old toddler and I went there today for lunch.  It was delicious!  We ordered the fried green tomato appetizer and it was melt in your mouth tender tomatoes with just the right amount of crispy batter surrounding it.  The side dip of ranch dressing was perfect.  We also had the full baby back ribs with 4 sides (mac n' cheese, salad, fries and coleslaw).  I've never had ribs so tasty like that before and the sides were so good - we even ordered an extra side of fries.  The pulled pork platter was tender and juicy and the 2 sides there were the mashed potatoes with gravy and bbq beans.  The cornbread is divine, too.  Lastly, the pumpkin pie with homemade whipped cream was out of this world.  We came out of this restaurant feeling full but not over the top and we got to sample the prime items on the menu.  I will come back here again anytime and hope everyone else will too.  They do have high-chairs for babies.
I had heard of Dinosaur BBQ before and we decided to try it in Syracuse. Might be the best iv ever had.
If you only have time for one meal in Syracuse, this is the place for it. The staff will treat you well, although they may disguise the good service as abuse. I'll never forget the Christmas when a hostess called a party over the loudspeaker and prefaced her announcement by bellowing "Ho ho ho, happy holidays and all that crap!" The waits here tend to be long, so you might want to skip lunch and eat dinner at 4:30. If you do have to wait for a table, you can enjoy some drinks and take in the sights and sounds as you wait. I have had a couple of disappointing meals here that have kept me away for a while, but the Dinosaur always redeems itself, and I can't bring myself to deduct a star. For sides, I usually choose the A.K. chili and the baked beans. The tomato and cucumber salad is surprisingly good as well. I'm not a fan of the mashed potatoes. As for appetizers, go for the shameless drunken shrimp or the fried green tomatoes. Or both!
Well I think Dinosaur is a must go to place more for the atmosphere and experience rather then the food. Food isn't bad, it's BBQ and everyone has their different opinion on BBQ. Bottom line is if you visit Syracuse and are looking to eat at a very well know place, try it out. If it's the weekend, be prepared to wait in a line that goes down the street with University kids with their parents that are visiting and were told that they can't leave Syracuse until they have eaten at Dinosaur BBQ.
I visited about a year ago for work. I was told that it was a Syracuse staple and I HAD to go. The food was pretty good. Very impressed by the Bar-B-Que. The cornbread and greens didn't impress me. But the mashed potatoes were phenomenal.
Not many restaurants live up to the hype... but this one does. A trip to Syracuse is not complete without a trip to Dino. Great food, generous portions, servers with character and great prices... what else can you ask for? Oh yeah... great live music at night! All of the food is good. If you're a Dino-newbie, I suggest you try a one of the rib combo platters to start. You'll probably be back for more and you can expand to the other selections. As I said... it's all good. If you don't like waits that can be up to an hour or more, or noisy, cramped spaces, I suggest getting take-out or go for lunch or early dinner. However, the truly embrace the entire experience, you really need to eat there and any downsides are more than made up for by the experience.
I grew up in TX where BBQ is a religion.  The Dinosaur claims to do it TEXAS style on some of their menu items.  eh?   They get an A+ for an awesome atmosphere.  I really wanted to give this place a chance so I ordered the combo platter.  It was all sub-par.  Thanks for being here for me Dinosaur.  I was here on business and I'm glad I tried it on for size.  It's just NOT Texas style BBQ at all.  I'll visit again when I'm in town but I'll stick to the drinks.
Excellent food, excellent environment, loud, but fun. I got the three amigos. It was pretty good. Not the best but worth the visit for Upstate.
Unless you enjoy your appetizers and entree served at the same, don't let the server know that you're going to order an entree until after you get your appetizer. You won't be offered drink refills so you'll have to ask for them. Perhaps that's just a pet peeve of mine because I've worked as a server before and I always thought that keeping track of drinks was a part of good food service. Dinosaur has good food but it doesn't live up to all the hype. In my opinion, Dinosaur's a good place for a Sunday brunch. It's not too crowded, and you won't feel rushed. You might even enjoy it!
Saw this place on TV, read about it on the Internet so I figured I would give it a try.  I got there  1 1/2 hours after opening on a Friday afternoon and they were PACKED.  I sat at the bar since I was by myself and only had to wait about 10 minutes.  I ordered the Tres Ninos which was a smaller version of Tres Hombres.  Ribs, Pulled BBQ and Brisket.  All three were AWESOME.  I got fries and chili as my sides and they brought out some cottage cheese also.  The fries are fries. Hard to mess those up.  The chili wasn't the style I like but I hear a lot of people like it.  The cottage cheese was pretty good (and I don't like cottage cheese).  Bartender was pretty much on point, filled up my tea a couple of times.  This place is loud.  I couldn't hear my phone beep when I got a text, but it is fitting for the decor.  Also, the habernaro BBQ sauce was pretty tastey...(not hot though).   I would have given 5 stars but the chili wasn't good at all in my books and the corn bread was lacking something.  Additionally the prices are a tad high.  I payed 17.50 for my LUNCH and it wasn't that big.  Don't get me wrong, it was fulfilling, just smaller than what I would expect for that price.
Almost perfect, if there is such a thing! First time here and am disappointed it took me this long. Great food and well worth it. I have lived in Charlotte and Saint Louis and this is on par if not better than any place in those "hubs". Great job Dino BBQ!!
Love the food. Not digging the drinks price for a college student budget.
The sweetheart deal is the way to go. Split a rack of ribs, 4 sides and have some corn bread.
All I can say is that this was the best barbque I have every had. I ordered thectres hombres. Delicious.  Wecalso ordered the sampler appetizer. Deviled eggs were great. And the staff wascvery friendly and efficient. While visitung Syracuse,  went on a Friday evening and it was very busy. We waited for 35 minutes for table.  So not the place to go on weekend  if your rushed. Bur the wait passed quickly seeing as your allowed to take your cocktails outside. And the wait was definately worth it. While there, I found out there are plans to open a facility in my homevtown of Chicago. Cant wait! :)
You can't beat Dinosaur BBQ when it comes to BBQ in the great state of New York.  The pulled pork is amazing, the ribs are tasty, and don't forget the spicy baked beans. They also feature many beers on-tap especially local micro-brews from Middle Ages, Ithaca, Southern Tier, and Saranac.   If you're in Syracuse (or Rochester, or NYC) make sure to get to Dinosaur BBQ. It's required eating when visiting the area.
I've been going to the Dinosaur for years, back when it was a really cool, dive and biker bar.  Yogi Berra said: "No one goes there anymore... it's too crowded!" and the Dino sadly has reached a status where they are taking their guests for granted. On our last visit we were treated rudely by three staff members. Sorry, but the food is only OK and the memories are better than the experience.
" Pulled Pork, Coleslaw and Macaroni is to die for...." Whenever we go to Syracuse we always make time to stop in. They are sooo busy you will have to wait, last time we went we waited over an hour, so sit back, relax and grab a drink.
I heard a lot of great things about this place so I had to give it a try. Like they said there are many motorcycles parked out front and it gets crowded. Luckily we were able to find a table quick. The service is adequate time- wise given that the place is packed. I can say that the service is a bit slow only because they take their time with each customer, which is a valid reason. At a bbq joint you have to try their chicken and ribs! So I did just that and I can't pass up brisket. Extreme Plate $22: 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, brisket, along with the choice of two sides. The chicken is very tender here and the skin has an explosion of flavor 4 stars! The ribs on the other hand were dry and over- cooked so I would give it a 2.5 star (at least they didn't drench it with bbq sauce) The brisket was tender and had decent flavor so I give it 3.5 stars. The sides of macaroni salad and mashed potatoes were par at best. Overall this place got me filled up and it is pretty good considering it is Syracuse. The service is nice and the bbq scent will linger in your nostril for a couple of days :) Check this place out if you are in Syracuse. Get the CHICKEN!
Lets just put this put this in perspective, I went to Syracuse for 4 years, probably ate here 2-3 times per month. Whenever I was going home (about 2hrs south) my parents would call me to be their delivery boy and grab some Dino for the road. That's how good this place is, if you happen to be in Cuse, hit this place up. YOU WILL NOT LEAVE HUNGRY!
The barbeque was delicious. Chicken was cooked great, the beef brisket was tender and soft, and best of all, the ribs were perfect. Their specialty house barbeque sauce was fantastic too. The prices are a little high, but it was well worth the 45 minute wait.
Wide variety of delicious BBQ.  Try the tres hombres for a taste of all their top Choices     Great place !
As everybody can see, Lindsay A. from Dinosaur BBQ has contacted me about the situation. She is going to address the issues with the staff. It is good to see that managers like Lindsay A. read reviews on yelp to improve business and upkeep customers satisfaction. Thank you for contacting me Lindsay A! I will definitely give the Syracuse Dinosaur BBQ another chance.
We passed through Syracuse during our road trip to Toronto. Luckily we passed through town at lunch time so we found Dinosaur BBQ on yelp.  It had a lot if reviews so we figured we would check it out. Plus the name sounded familiar for some reason. What a great place!  The decor feels like a roadhouse bar in the 1950's or 1960's. The wooden tables and woodwork have carvings of names and initials by the patrons over the years. The walls are adorned with old signs and advertisements.   The food is the best BBQ I've had--definitely up there with the places in Texas.  We ordered the Tres Ninos (brisket , pulled pork, and ribs) and a brisket sandwich. the meat was cooked to perfection and the BBQ sauce was excellent!  I bought a bottle of sauce to bring home for only $3.99.   oh and the prices are reasonable too!!! The staff were super friendly too!  Highly recommended for anyone in the Syracuse area.
This was a most pleasing experience for myself as well as my very close friends Jonathan & Devon, we all eat like champions and we went from Ithica to Syracuse to savor the flavor and boy was it worth the long drive and wait to get into this establishment. Smoked everything, Brisket, steak, ribs and pork was Phenomenal, Their beers were very tasty as well especially while we were waiting and starving to the smell of the outside smokers!! A truly wonderful experience! If there is a chance, don't miss out on this BBQ, it won't let you down.
You know that salsa commercial where the one guy buys his salsa from New York City (NEW YORK CITY?!?!) That's how I feel about this restaurant. Overall this place was pretty cool. Weirdo dino cartoon art hangs on the wall of this restaurant with an overall southern barbecue feel. The bathrooms even had novelty condoms. Pretty funny. The food wasn't bad. If I didn't know any better, I would even say delicious. The problem is, I'm from Louisiana. My dad even did the "stick your finger in a crawfish hole" to make me officially Cajun. That being said, their dirty rice was delicious and they should be proud of it. I was really bummed with the waitress recommended the mac and cheese instead of it, which was mediocre. Now to the salsa reference: their barbecue sauce. I tried the few that were on the table. They all tasted the same! Very vinegary. And the second spiciest one was the one that reminded me I was in New York, and would clearly not pass a spicy test anywhere beyond the Mason-Dixon line. Overall, cute place, good food, not too expensive, but don't be scared of their spice power.
Honestly, I can't seem to see why this place is so heavenly adored by the people of Syracuse. Don't get me wrong, the food here is great, but this place is way too over hyped. The wait is terrible and the service is not up there compared to other barbecue places. The servers here are rushed and try to clear your group as fast as possible so they can bring in the next group of people and make their tips. The food makes up for most of that though, I can vouch for their pulled pork, ribs, and all their sides. Everything they make is comes right out off the grill/oven and is covered with their unique Dinosaur Barbecue sauce. Attempt to get a taste of everything from here, youre not gonna be disappointed in the food. Since there are barely any other barbecue establishments in Syracuse, this place is the only place to go to. Which might partly explain all the hype this place receives. Overall, this place is very good aside from the long wait and service. It's the only place in Syracuse that serves great barbecue.
Great bbq, i would say the best i had. While visiting Syracuse, and after reading about the places to check out Dino was definitely a must. When we went there around 5pm on Saturday the waiting was 35-45 minutes, and i think it took us 50 minutes to be seated. the food arrived quick and was delicious. Definitely great place, with good beers and a lot of character. after one visit i would definitely come back
I honestly DO NOT get why people are obsessed with this place?  I suppose if I had grown up in Syracuse, I'd think this was good food too.  The BBQ itself is mediocre at best, thank goodness the sauces are tasty and do a good job of giving the meat some flavor.  Every single time we have been dragged into this place, the employees are rude (like they are doing ME some favor by ALLOWING me to fight thru the crowded restaurant to eat there), the food is sub-par, and the music is so loud that we leave with a migraine.  I suppose that growing up in the South gave me such good & real BBQ that I can quite literally scoff at anyone that suggests going to the Dinosaur.  My husband makes tastier ribs & brisket in our smoker at home. I've had better brisket out of a dirty taco truck in front of the Atlanta airport.  If you're a local CNY'er, desperate for BBQ, like being treated like you just took a shart on the waitresses front yard, and you are afraid to head below the Mason-Dixon Line, I suppose keep going to the Dino.
Finally got to visit this famous place Syracuse is known for. Did not disappoint. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fried green tomatoes. Nothing but good to say about both. Definitely lived up to their famous reputation.
Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is one of those places that actually lives up to its hype. I spent months hearing about the food and atmosphere from my colleagues, and when I finally went, I could not have been more satisfied. I started with a Double IPA, which was fantastic! Shortly after I sat down, a wonderfully soulful band out of Chicago began to play blues and had people of all ages dancing like no one was watching. Then, my Tres Hombres arrived with brisket, ribs, collard greens, cole slaw, and much more. I was stunned by the flavor of all the foods; I could not have asked for more. I actually remember thinking, although I have heard the term "smoke ring" utilized, I finally tasted what people meant. This place is a must in Syracuse!
Been meaning to post this for awhile and this is based on many times going to this establishment.  Food is good, atmosphere is great.  However, in my opinion this place is not interested in small parties (couples).  Every time we have been there with a group, we are seated within a reasonable time.  But each time my wife and I have gone, the time to get seated has "way" exceeded the estimate given by the hostess.  In some case 45 minute estimates have been almost two hours.  My bad for not walking out, which is what we finally did the last time there.  Won't ever be going back with just the two of us again, but I don't think anyone really is worried about that either.  Take a group and you will do fine.
Drove down to Syracuse while visiting my sister & bro-in-law in Fort Drum.  Had to wait an hour b/c we had a party of 8. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the place with all the noise and people even though our parents did not.  The food was really good. I didn't care for the Mac and Cheese as much as some people did. My fave was the homemade  'hot link' sausage. The ribs and beef brisket were quite tasty. Even though I was just visiting, I would definitely go eat there again if I am ever in the area again.
Huge fan of Dinosaur.  Born and raised in a suburb of Syracuse, it will always be a favorite of mine.  I miss this place so much living in Boston.  Thank god you can buy their sauces in the grocery stores here! The food is delicious, the atmosphere unique and wild and the portions huge! Read more of my thoughts and keep an eye out for Dinosaur on an upcoming episode of Man v. Food... cookingwithcoley.com/din…
I was on vacation in the Finger Lakes Region and my boyfriend's mom wanted to hit Dinosaur because she had a great time the last time she was there. We sat outside with all the other bikers. My boyfriend and his mom both ordered the ribs which I must admit was pretty amazing, the meat was so tender, it pulled right off of the bone. However, his dad and I both ordered the brisket--which was pretty NOT amazing! There was so much fat on our brisket that I was literally throwing away whole pieces because the entire piece was white with fat. The parts that I didn't throw away were completely dry and chewy. We did have some leftovers and put them in the same box as the ribs. I don't know if the juices from the ribs mixed with the brisket, but for whatever reason, the leftover brisket was great the next day. Not exactly what you would think especially considering that we were heating it up in just a normal microwave.  I chose to have the Mac N' Cheese as my side but it was so gross I took a 2nd bite to make sure the 1st was really that bad. The Mac N' Cheese was a mixture of four cheeses--I don't remember which cheeses to be exact (sharp, parmesan, cheddar, and something else).  It was so disgusting. The waitress ended up taking it back and gave me another side instead. I chose to have the beans since the other family members liked it.  Apparently the beans were really good (I wouldn't know--I don't eat beans). Would I go back? Sure--I'll be sure to get the ribs next time.
After being more disappointed than finding out that Ben Affleck was going to be Batman by the barbecue at Sticky Lips in Rochester, the last thing I wanted to eat while I was still in roadtripping through upstate New York was more barbecue.  I had no faith that anywhere in the state of New York was capable of doing barbecue after the atrocities they dared to call barbecue. I discovered quickly that Syracuse on a Sunday night in the summer is somewhat of a ghost town, and there are very few places that remain open beyond 8 p.m.  I had actually passed Dinosaur BBQ twice, thinking that there had to be something else to eat.  There wasn't. The crowd gathered in front of Syracuse's Dinosaur BBQ was one indication that there might be something redeeming about the place, but to be honest, it was really by default and by virtue of not knowing where else to go for a late dinner that relegated to me trying out Dinosaur BBQ in the first place. When I reviewed Sticky Lips, I called them the 2004 Yankees, as a symbol of monumental failure after great expectations.  If I could do the same for Dinosaur BBQ, they would be the 2009 Yankees, the team that redeemed themselves and won it all.  Dinosaur BBQ was proof that New York was capable of producing some adequate barbecue. Parking is relegated to what you can find on the street.  Thankfully being a Sunday night, the meters weren't on, so that's a plus, but as the signs so diligently disclaim in regards to street parking at the 'cuse, IF THEY CAN SEE IT, THEY CAN TAKE IT, so hide your valuables if you're leaving them in the car. As mentioned, the place was pretty bumpin, and there was a substantial wait.  But for my simply party of two, the wait wasn't bad, and there's either waiting outside, or getting a drink at the bar to do in the mean time. The interior is dim, but festive; a little on the grungy side, and with the often cliched decor of license plates from all over the country.  Wood floors that are a little uneven, so be careful if you start to drink, when you're on your way to the bathroom. Service was excellent, and my waitress was easy to speak with and educated about the menu, and was able to dissuade my fears of New York barbecue by explaining specifically how Dinosaur smokes and slow-cooks their ribs. But an intriguing daily special caught my attention, and I went with a platter that had both grilled fish tacos, as well as a quarter rack of ribs with two sides.  Much to my approval, the ribs were definitely tender, and had a good flavor with them.  They were good without sauce, as well as with their four sauces, which I must add is good that they boast being made from scratch from natural ingredients.  Ketchup and corn syrup do not make barbecue sauce. Overall, I was quite pleased by Dinosaur BBQ, and felt relieved that New York wasn't totally a wasteland when it came to barbecue.  I didn't want to come to Dinosaur at first, but it ended up being a quality experience when I had no other choice.  It would make me optimistic about any of the other New York Dinosaur locations.
I don't know if my expectations were just so high since I've heard so much about this place.  But I did not find it as amazing as everyone says.  Don't get me wrong, it was really tasty but definitely not the best by any means.  For dinner I got the Tres Hombre which was a ton of food.  And for drinks I had a couple flights of their local beers.  They had about 10-12 different local beer that you can try, its nice if you are from out of town and want to try some local beers at a reasonable price.  5 bucks for 4-4 oz glasses. I loved the atmosphere though.  The old rustic wood, memorabilia everywhere, posters, pictures, license plates, etc.  The staff was a lot of fun.  The "take no shit" kinda attitude.  Not rude, just straight forward.   We got there early because we were told that around 430 it starts getting busy, and sure enough it did.  And I hear that it is that way 7 days a week.  So go early or expect a wait.
Hands down best BBQ on the East Coast! The ribs, the sides the sauces!!!! THIS IS IT!  Love the waitresses and the sights!
Excellent, fun atmosphere, always a great meal, great service.  We go there over 20x's a year never had a bad meal!!
The first time I came here I had to come back the same night for another round, it was that good. My first trip I had some chicken wings, fried green tomatoes and ribs with beans and mac n cheese for sides. Mouth orgasms. The second time I had catfish fingers with mashed potatoes and greens. My mouth might have gotten a bit excited while typing that last sentence out.
We recently visited this place and 4 out of 5 of us loved this place. The one that didn't is sort of a half vegetarian so she wasn't as pleased with the menu as the rest of us. There is a public parking lot right across the street and parking on the street as well. There were several Hogs parked outside on the night of our visit but don't let that stop you as everybody there was friendly and having a blast. We had to wait for a while but the music being played was good rock and blues and then a hard rock band came on live. You don't get led to your table, they just call your name from this booth and then give you directions. The lady in the booth though was real nice to me and kept calling me honey and sweetie just like some ole southern waitress. The food was incredible, and I consider myself an expert on BBQ having lived down south in Arkansas for 4 years and being a grill master myself. This place's chow can stand up against any place in a blind taste test. Our waitress was sarcastic but in a good way. They embarrassed some guy there on his B'day with somewhat risque announcements about his date and his hopes for how the date might turn out. Basically "25 yr old virgin" jokes. But all in good fun. The food takes a while but that's to be expected where a place is as crowded as this. Where we sat you could see the chefs hustling out the food and I always like that. The band sounded real good too. All in all, a great place that I am sure we'll return to many times.
The food is always good here. I had a combination plate that gave you a little bit of everything. Mine had pulled pork, ribs and brisket. The flavor of everything was fantastic. The brisket could have been roasted a bit longer as it lacked the fall apart tenderness. Overall, very delicious food, super friendly waitstaff and a fun experience!
This is a great place, feels like a southern bar. Alot of good down home music, great food. Helpful staff. It gets really crowded on most normal nights, you may have to wait for a table. Usually 10-15minutes, but you can do that at the bar even though sometimes its standing room only. They are friendly to people of all backgrounds and they are pretty cool in my book. Oh they also have live music.
Yay! Good BBQ up North! Being from the South, I have very high expectations for BBQ, and this is one of the handful of Northern BBQ establishments that make me smile :) Great pulled pork and ribs and brisket! The sauce is good, but the real star was the tenderness of the meat~ MMMMMMMmmmmm~ Also, save room for sweet potater pie!
In preparation for my trip to Syracuse, my husband and I watched Man v. Food... because that's what most people watch before they travel to a new city, right? We have a long standing tradition of trying a Man v Food restaurant in most new cities we travel to (I would link examples but I'm blogging from my phone) and it just so happened my work crew was already planning a lunch stop at the first one featured on the Syracuse episode: Dinosaur Bar-B-Que First of all Syracuse is an adorable college town and Dinosaur BBQ adds to its charm. Right outside downtown Syracuse, the restaurant boosts an authentic bbq menu with slow smoked meat, homemade sauce, and even sweet tea. The place looks a little run down with marked walls and tables, but I think it fits the casual vibe. I already knew what I wanted. My co-worker had agreed to split the Pork Sket sandwich that had been featured on the show and comes piled high with brisket, pulled pork, melted cheese, and coleslaw. But before we got to that we started with fried green tomatoes. They were crisp and well seasoned,  but I think they were missing some greasiness - they were almost too crisp for me. The sandwich was huge,  just what I was expecting and the two of us struggled to finish the plate. The brisket was amazing, really rich with a nice smoky flavor. I also loved the sweet addition of the coleslaw that balanced the meat perfectly. The fries were also a hit, house cut and well done. Our whole table left stuffed and ready for a nap - a sign of a good meal.
This was the first pulled pork I've ever eaten, and despite numerous attempts at finding a suitable second-best, Dino remains king. The ribs are fantastic too (obviously), and the mac and cheese is the only side you should give a damn about. It gets really crowded really quickly, so go early, order a beer at the bar and chat with the bikers- they're more friendly than they look (usually).
The Carolina pulled pork sandwich was moist and tender topped with coles slaw.
I finally tried fried green tomatoes....not sure if I'm a fan but glad I tried them. I ordered the Tres Ninos and was very impressed with the flavor and tenderness of the meat. The green collards were very tasty but found the coleslaw had a little too much dressing for my taste. The place smells amazing and I would say it's definitely a place to try at least once!
Best BBQ I have in US! Ribs are soooooo good! Crispy outside n soft inside! Sauce they used is kind of sweet and spicy. Must come back!
I've been a customer here more than any other spot in the 'cuse. Except for a sub-par burger several weeks ago, the food is always first-rate and the service is usually excellent. Except  for an unwillingness or inability to host monthly "Open Mic" nights, the live-music is fine.
When we arrived it was busy, but we decided to persevere.  In the end we only waited 15 minutes.  Being initially exposed to BBQ from Memphis and then living in Texas, this place was a EXCELLENT substitute!!! Our waitress, "Spanky" (not sure if it's a code name, it's what was on the receipt) was spectacular!!!! Despite how busy it was, she was awesome!! If I had to say anything negative about Spanky would be the look I got when I asked for a pitcher of beer for only me...I am a little guy and it was St. Patty's weekend...LOLOLOL!!!!  Service, food, and atmosphere was a great experience for my family and I.  FYSA....they give a military discount too. Again, Spanky was great!!!!
The Dinosaur is a standard stop on any upstate trip.  I stopped in myself and the staff could not have been friendlier.  I sat at the bar and had the Dinosaur's microbrew which was excellent.  I started with wings, not typical Buffalo but rubbed smoked and covered in tasty BBQ sauce. Them the main course ribs, pulled pork, Mac and cheese and salad with blue cheese-BBQ dressing.  Everything was as good as usual. Worth the trip. Never had a bad meal. Great food great people great atmosphere.
I was with a conference that had a Dino BBQ-catered meal at the MOST in downtown Syracuse & it was some of the most succulent BBQ I've had! You gotta love a pulled pork sandwich that the server puts together by hand: no tongs, no utensils, just shapes it & slaps it on a bun - now, don't get excited, the guy was wearing gloves!
I was of kind of let down. Let me just confirm that the ribs are really god here and the wings are huge, a little too over sauced but good. However, the service was sub-par. It was late Saturday night, with a pretty good band playing some rock classics. However the sides were all dry, along with the brisket. It was pretty bad brisket actually. My friend returned her platter and they comped it. We might have just had a bad batch. Otherwise, our experience here was good.
Walked away with food still on my plate which is a testament to how much food there was on the sampler platter I tried. The meats were all very good and the sauces were tasty. Not quite on par with some of the places I've tried in the south but for the region it's as good as it gets.
Fantastic ribs, Mac and cheese, good beer selection and live music every night.
Who would ever think that you can get awesome authentic BBQ in NY?  Imagine pit smoked meat sitting for about 12-14 hrs.  I first saw this place on Man vs Food and that was a while ago.  I've heard of places being swamped after seeing it on TV but I imagine this place has been nice and busy since they've opened their doors.  It hasn't been too bad every time I've gone in.  Just lucky I guess.  Parking can be a mother though. My favorite dish here is the Tres Hombres.  It's brisket, BBQ pork, and ribs.  I have it with some ass kickin chili and mac and cheese.  The honey hush cornbread that comes with it is dynamite!  So glad it is on the way to my wife's hometown!  We try to stop by here every time we can afford it.
Waited only 45 min.... Heard it could be much longer. The wait was worth it. Our family of 4 had no problem watching the busyness go by while we smelled the great aroma. Awesome assortment of beer on tap. Everyone had something different and raved about it. Carolina pulled pork, pulled pork, brisket, beans, slaw, mashed and gravy, Mac and cheese and tomato garlic soup..... YUM
The food's delicious but some of the bbq sauce is a little sweet for my tastes. I love the chicken wings and the beer selection is great! The service here is sometimes good (like with my parents), sometimes rude (just me and my friends). I get that it's supposed to be a biker bar, but sometimes enough is enough. It's the exact same way when you go to an upscale restaurant and the waitstaff is overly polite: completely unnecessary. Also, the one time my guy friend came to visit Syracuse (I don't know why he came upstate in the middle of winter), we took him here and he went to the bathroom where some sketchy guy in a gigantic jacket watched him pee, then tried to sell him drugs. Hahaha.
Look, I was a little skeptical about a spot in Syracuse having amazing BBQ, since it just doesn't seem like the right local for the cuisine, but Dinosaur made me a believer.  We stopped in for lunch on a Saturday with a large group and luckily did not have to wait too long for a table. The decor here is really basic and almost cafeteria style.  It is crowded and noisy.  We did not care at all.  We ordered a pitcher of Dinosaur's branded beer, which was delicious and perfect to go with our meal.  We decided to order a family style meal with all different meats and supplemented it with BBQ nachos and poutine.  The poutine was amazing- fries with a little crisp, perfect gravy and cheese and some pulled pork on top.  The nachos were gigantic and also great. Now the BBQ platter.  This was so amazing.  I couldn't decide if I loved the ribs or the brisket or the chicken the most, so I kept diving in for more.  The baked beans were great.  The black beans and rice were great.  The corn bread was great.  There was nothing on the table that wasn't delicious.  At this point, we got a little overzealous and ordered a second pitcher of beer.  Luckily, the beer was so good that we didn't mind finishing our meal that way instead of with some dessert. Dinosaur is just the perfect place to get BBQ food upstate.  I will have to dream about those ribs until the next time we are in town!
I'm not so sure this place is worth all the hype. I had the petite trio.  Pulled pork which was much too fatty.  Ribs that were a little too tough for smoked ribs, and brisket that was actually pretty good.  But 1 out of 3 meats being good?   Not a great track record. My husband had the larger version of what I had and totally agreed.   As for the Side dishes? The beans were not even remotely good, the dirty rice was downright gross, the cornbread was dry. The Mac and Cheese was the only thing really worth returning for.  Our waitress was so rude I actually wondered if it was part of the "charm"
They have the best chicken wings I have ever eaten. I repeat: the best chicken wings I have ever eaten. Nice portion wing, smoked, slatherd in a spicy Wango Tango BBQ Sauce, and dipped in blue cheese. Awesome. Just awesome. Seeming I don't live in Syracuse I have only been here twice while visiting my wife's family, but both times I had these wings and both times I leave New York wishing I lived a little closer. Yes. For the wings. And sure my in-laws. But mostly the wings. I have tried their ribs on my first visit but that was two years ago so I think I liked them. Obviously not as much as the wings or I would have remembered them better, but they were great. I think. The most recent visit, along with the wings, I got their beef brisket platter. The sides, macaroni & cheese and french fries, were fine, and I liked them. But the brisket, man, it was just fatty. Every slice was like 70% fat. The bites of meat I did get were tasty but having to dig around the gristle kind of ruined the whole dish. I should have said something to my friendly server but I think because I love this place so much I was in denial. I convinced myself they couldn't do anything wrong. But growing up sucks and I am wiser for it. Will I continue to crave their wings and want to come back to this place? Of course. I just think the next time I get to come in I'll be more selective on how I branch out. But until then, they have the best chicken wings I have ever eaten.
There are a ton of reviews for this place, so I'll keep mine short.  The beer selection is good, the food overall is good, and I took some of their TangoWango sauce home with me.  I just wish I had a bigger stomach so I could order more than one or two things.  Even the sides were good. The only thing I didn't like was the fried green tomatoes.  I don't get the appeal.  Very mild taste that was too heavily masked by the fryer oil. Check the photos if you want to see what they look like - someone posted a pic. It can get CRAZY busy, but if it's just you or just you and one other, try to sneak a seat at the bar....as those don't require you to be on the wait list.
The best collard greens ,chicken and ribs I have had in sometime worth the five hour drive just for the experience !!
Best BBQ in central NY.  Hands down.  We go here every time we are close to Syracuse
We love Dino and have been coming here since moving to Syracuse last year. It's loud, it's crowded but four it's awesome!  Waiting time may be a while but so worth it. Fried green tomatoes are favorite, along with chili, Mac n cheese, ribs, poutine, ribs, chicken thigh sandwiches, pull pork. We love it all! Food is fresh and service  is good. BBQ ? Come to Dino!!!
Friendly staff. Quick service at the bar if you can grab a seat. Great people watching location. Line for tables seemed reasonable around 8 pm.
I had the solo Swag (appetizer sampler which included one wing, two shrimp, two fried tomatoes, and one deviled egg) and 1/4 rack BBQ w/ the black beans/rice and collard greens.  Service was second to none, she actually seemed to enjoy her job and was very friendly and prompt with checking in.  I ordered hot tea and she was right on it when I needed more hot water.  I especially appreciated her sense of humor.  I told her I was from LA where the temperature wasmlikely in the 70/80s, she just said 'you suck' and I don't serve people like you.  The food was excellent, I really enjoyed all the selection of entree, sides, and levels of heat with their sauces.  The pork ribs were well cooked, not overly done like many places.  I guess that's why they have the amazing rating they do.  The greens were by far my favorite part of the meal.  I HATE corn bread, but they must of did something to theirs because it was so good I had to eat it all!  The rice was better than average, but that's why I soaked it in their hottest sauce and added just a kick.  I was most definitely satisifed with this meal.  I rarely award 5 stars and the one reason I didn't rate a 5 here was the price.  The price is certainly fair for what you get, it's just that I only reserve my 5 stars for those places that offer awesome food at awesome prices!  I'd like to eat there one more time before I leave Syracuse, but not sure if I'll be able to.  I've been advised to avoid friday dinners, judging by some of the photos, I see why.  Enjoy!
The best BBQ I've had ever! Yes I said ever! I've been all over the country and I was impressed to find great BBQ in upstate NY. I had the Tres Ninos best of three worlds...pulled pork to die for, amazing fall off the bone ribs, and a really good brisket. A must eat!
Order the fried green tomatoes.
Solid food, great atmosphere.
Mmmm love Dinosaurs!!!   If you haven't been here what r u waiting for!!!
Placed live up to the hype. Trust. For a BBQ joint in a so-called 'Yankee' state, this is tops. Make a reservation, because it's crowded. Also, be sure to buy some sauce for the ride home, or a tray of take-home meat.
This is my favorite restaurant in the world. I havent lived in Syracuse for over 10 years, but every time I go back, this is a must stop place to eat. The ribs are the best Ive ever had and the sides and apps are also of the best quality. Their fried green tomatoes are amazing, the chili is the best, and their wings are awesome. I love the Dinosaur. I hope their expansion doesnt dilute the atmosphere or food quality.
Best BBQ I have ever had in my life. Highly recommend! We went in the late afternoon so there was no wait whatsoever. Come hungry because you will not be able to consume all of the food they put in front of you! Visited May 2012
Pretty darn good BBQ. Especially for upstate New York. The mashed potatoes and the mac'n'cheese are my favorite sides. The pulled pork is amazing, and you can't go wrong with a rack of ribs. Service is as you'd expect, quick, and polite, but the 5 star experience. The place is crowded, and you'll likely have to wait for a table, but they do a good job. My biggest complaint? The beer selection isn't all that large.
First let me say, the ribs were excellent, tender, tasty and the meat was plentiful.  I found the place from Yelp and was not disappointed.  I ordered the sweetheart meal for two which consisted of 4 sides and 12 ribs.  (for $28 dollars I couldn't get that quantity of food from Boston Market back home).   I happen to be a thorough planner so I knew I was counting on eating there the next day.  I checked out the menu, take-out and delivery options.  Luckily I had read (someone was disappointed) the meal wouldn't be ready for pick-up until 90 minutes after ordering.  I'm from the NYC metropolitan area and yes, meals are ready in a flash back home, but this is Syracuse, not Manhattan. The food is worth the wait but if you are in a rush, don't order take out.   Parking for me, again, not a big deal.  Try parking in Manhattan while a blues festival is going on.  That being the case, the Harley Davidsons were all parked in front with (I must say) a scary looking bunch.  However, when I walked in there were families with young children in a very comfortable and hustling and bustling environment.  Take out was ready on time as was told, and actually had a good laugh at the counter with one of the bikers who mentioned something about how he "loves a girl who plays with her hair," which was the case with the young cashier.  Although we all laughed, he did apologize for not having any filter.  I can't wait to go back.  Although the blues festival was going on - it was certainly nothing like a central park concert!  Remember, it's all relative.
Amazing food. Heard about it from several different sources, and I can see why. Was a bit surprised at the vintage "men's magazines" on the walls in some areas, so I'd caution those with kids eating inside the restaurant. Since it seems like the restaurant was going for 'biker bar' atmosphere, it's understandable why they chose that. As for the food itself, outstanding all around! I had the ribs, and beef with the (regular and spicy?) sauce. I love BBQ and this was likely the best I've ever had. Tangy, sweet and savory BBQ sauce, with juicy meat that pretty easily comes off the bone. Impressively, the sides were great too! My friend had the tomato and cucumber salad which he said was good, and I got the carrot and raisin salad. Mainly got it to be somewhat healthy and have veggies, but that was extremely delicious too. Very helpful staff aided me in wrapping the meal so it would stay warm, as I was going to travel a bit before eating. Great place and definitely going back if I'm ever in the area again.
The only reason you probably will ever have for going to 'Cuse is to eat here. It looks like a biker bar, but OMG, this is the standard to which I now compare all BBQ joints. I've been to the NYC Dinosaur and it's good too but not as good as this place. It's just simply awesome
A misplaced southern classic.  All of the right stuff ribs, pulled pork, brisket and such.  Where else in upstate NY can you get brewed sweet tea?  Its always packed, but who cares - its part of the ambience.  The place is covered with Dino themed "artwork".  A must stop for anyone in the Syracuse area.  Plan ahead and leave plenty of time.
We knew this place had to be good when it was packed at 9 on a Sunday night! Great beer selection, great music, awesome decor. My boyfriend tried the brisket and I had the catfish. We enjoyed our meals, both loved the cole slaw. The soup of the day, broccoli cheddar, was ok. Corn bread a little dry. Otherwise, however, the food was great and service was awesome. Can't wait to return.
Holy $hit! This place was freaking awesome. Went there with some guys for lunch on our trip to the 'Cuse. There is a reason that it has gotten almost five stars with upwards near 50 reviews and that's because it rocks. It's down south BBQ in the Great White North. They've got extra sauces to put on to make it magical. We got the pork and brisket, all was good. Honestly, you can't go wrong, I'm sure, with anything on the menu. Also, a great bar scene if you're looking for a late night spot and some good happy hour drink specials. Good, friendly service and just a cool digs, with a great vibe. Food was amazing, not too heavy on BBQ and cooked magnificently. The minute I left, I wanted to go back in. The biggest issue, parking. When that's your biggest worry, you know there's a lot to look forward to.
Excellent selection of BBQ entrees from ribs, brisket and pulled pork. Everything on the menu is great. I've been told by some vegetarians that it's go some excellent choices.
This restaurant was extremely disappointed.  I saw on man versus food. They do not live up to expectation. That's about it disappointed....
The upstairs is new. I've been in 'Cuse for two years now and had been and enjoyed Dino-B-Q. However, this new upstairs joint was of a different speed--so I thought I'd write to clue everyone in. It's much newer and designed to house larger parties ad guests. My group used it for that exact function and was markedly impressed. Service-fast, food-great. The only thing was because of the newness it lacks a little bit of the Cool-ness of the rest of the bar, but we got over it.
Solid BBQ.  Fun and Friendly waitstaff.  Took a long time but got a bottle of bbq sauce for our troubles.  Should I pass through syracuse again I would make a stop.  Ribs were good and smoky.
After much hype about this place, I finally made it here to dig into some bbq. Ironically, I ended up going to the Syracuse locations on the way back from Canada. All this time, I've been meaning to go to the one in Harlem... The location is on a small street in the middle of Syracuse. There a nice outside section which is ideal for dining outside in the warmer months. There was also a live band playing outside which really gave the place a real down south flare. The inside looked like a Texas BBQ joint and there's a pretty big bar as well. I ordered the chicken and ribs combo with a side of cole slaw and collard greens. All were very good, though not the best I've ever had. The food was actually room temperature which kind of took away from the meal a little bit. Otherwise, it was very good. The other huge plus was the staff. Our waitress was as nice as you could be and ran through the menu and answered every question with a smile and a spontaneous joke. Made for an awesome experience. Good BBQ and good people, definitely will be back.
Service was quick, and it lived up to the hype!  Food was awesome. I ate ribs, pulled pork, and had the brisket.  Motorcycle, BBQ, and awesome service.  What more could I ask for?  The place was packed the entire time I was there, yet we still got our orders promptly and without a single issue.
Good atmosphere but some of the food here is overrated. The ribs and pulled pork aren't that good but the brisket makes up for it. Probably the best single thing at this restaurant is the cole slaw. I'm not big fan of cole slaw but it is actually pretty good here.
I'm from The Carolinas and never miss trying every hole in the wall smoke shack I come across. Dinosaur BBQ is no shack, but it is some of the best smoked Q around. You'd be hard pressed to find any Carolina or Texas boys that would disagree. The beer selection and great service don't take a back seat either. If you like hot, The Devil's Duel sauce is a great combination of flavor and searing heat. I put that ?!$& on everything!
Dinosaur is the Syracuse standby, where I would say more people come for the atmosphere than the food. Not that the food isn't good- some of the best BBQ you're going to get up here in the North, but the place just has a great vibe going on. Not somewhere you want to go to have a quiet evening out- that's for sure. The BBQ is good: ribs are always great, brisket can be hit or miss, the pulled pork is my favorite of the three. If you're into spicy, a healthy dose of wango-tango sauce is the way to go. Delicious- I could put that stuff on anything. I have to say though, what I really get a craving for is not the meat, but rather the catfish strips appetizer. Coleslaw is also great and very crunchy, but heavy on celery seed so if you're not a fan, try something else. If you plan on going on a weekend, or really on any nice day in the summer, plan on a wait. It will be worth it though.
Good as advertised, unlike most places in upstate NY.
Hands down, some of the finest BBQ I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Having been to the NYC Harlem location, as well as the Newark one, I was curious how this location would stack up to the others. To summarize, the Harem location had solid pork ribs, but the sides were hit or miss. The Newark location was pretty meh in comparison to the Harlem one (rubbery brisket, lackluster pulled pork). I was informed that the Syracuse was the original (and best location), so I hoped that the food would live up to its reputation. If you ever stop by Syracuse, this place is a must-stop location. We stopped by for lunch here on a detour trip at 3:00PM, and we still had to wait 45 minutes before our party of five was able to be seated. That speaks to how popular the place is, although seating is a lot more limited compared to the Harlem and Newark locations sadly. To get a bigger variety of meats, I highly recommend ordering the Tres Hombres, which is exactly what I did, although I should mention that as a disclaimer, it's a lot of food. Brisket and pulled pork were perfectly moist, and the ribs were just as good as the first time I had them. The baked beans and mac n cheese were a lot better than the other locations, although the cornbread was still mediocre at best. I heartily devoured my meal because it was just so darn delicious. If you're ever in Syracuse, you better stop by here for BBQ.
I had ordered the pulled pork with ham sandwich (can't remember what it was called) and it was awesome! The macaroni and cheese side was great as well! The waitress was fast and attentive. The only downside to this place is the wait. Especially on the weekends. You need to get there early. I'm not sure if they take reservations or not but it is definitely worth a call.
Best BBQ ever
NOTHING is better than Dinosaur Bar-b-Que!!!  Been there many times while at 'Cuse.  Its a lot of food... but its great food!!  God bless this place!
I miss Syracuse so much, and it's been ten years since I've lived there, but every so often, I get the urge for some ribs or maybe a good pulled pork sandwich. Love this place, not for the ambiance or the crowds of bikers and other...interesting people, but for fall-off-the-bone ribs and the perfect sauce to go with them.   Love the sides too, it doesn't get much better than the AK chili or the baked beans.   Best way to eat Dinosaur:  at home.  Get takeouts and avoid the crush of people.  That, or go at an off time, but then it just has this weird half-empty vibe.
Ribs were pretty good - sauce great.  Brisket to die for.  Side ranged from very good (greens, cornbread, fries) to ok.  Fried green tomatoes ok but not as good as they think they are.  Great waitress - and wait while long was not horrible.  But we went at off time - busy night it woud be insane.
THAT BRISKET. OH MY LORDY. Dinosaur BBQ, you electrify my taste buds. It's awesome to have such amazing and tasty barbecue in this area. I ordered the Ode to Lockhart - 1/4 rack of ribs, BOMB beef brisket, and their homemade smoked hot link sausage (also very noteworthy). I would definitely recommend! It's good for two to three meals (also comes with corn bread and two sides). Absolute FEAST! That brisket... you have to get it. Atmosphere is like how typical barbecue restaurants are... with your TV screens, jukebox, bar, and great people. Parking can be a little tricky since it seemed like a lot of the parking lots around the restaurant are reserved. We were lucky to find street parking!
Long, long waits most nights, first and foremost. Their BBQ is decent. I grew up in Texas and have had better and equally good, but I suppose for central NY it's amazing. Greatly enjoyed their fried green tomato appetizer. Their pulled pork is solid. Last time I was there my friend and I split platter that included the most gristle-laden piece of strip streak I've ever had (got maybe 1 or 2 bites from one half of it). The ribs were kind of tough to chew off the bone. The mojito chicken was something interesting and tasty, though.
I love the atmosphere here.  It's a lot of fun.   Once a waitress jumped on an empty table to announce that many people were going to a concert that night and that this is not a KOA campground... I thought it was hilarious.   Even so, I feel the quality of the food has gone down in the past few years.  Especially the pork bbq (used to be my favorite).  The Brisket is still good.  I have to say they are not even my favorite bbq joint  in Syracuse anymore.  The Limp Lizard has that honor nowadays.  The thing I love here is the Pappy Slappin Catfish.  (even the name is great)  Still loads of fun and if you are in the area, a worthwhile eatery.
Dinosaur BBQ was such a delicious experience! I started off with the sesame hoisin wings which came with a delicious blue cheese dip on the side. I then got a meat platter which consisted of brisket, pork, and ribs. All of which were delicious! For sides I had the macaroni and cheese and the tomato, cucumber salad. This was a great meal and I wish I lived closer in order to enjoy it more often! I stopped here on my way through to Niagara Falls from CT and drove through 4.5 hours until reaching this destination!! :) I will return if in the area again in the future.
Loooooooove it here! I remember when I was younger it was waaaaaaay more divey and rough- not only in terms of decor but clientele. But now it's one of my favorite local spots to dine in and carry out. The fried green tomatoes are a must to try. If they had a sandwich made out of them, I might opt out of my normal stand by and order one of those instead. Crispy and not greasy- really fresh tasting. The ranch dressing is a really fantastic pairing. I tend to always order either the regular pork sandwich platter or the pork Carolina style. Pork is always delicious and the BBQ sauce is my favorite across the board. Sides are always the same, french fries and baked beans. The baked beans are like no other baked bean Ive ever had. Hearty with a touch of spice. I have a tendency to dredge my fries through the baked bean sauce! And because I am a pickle hound, I always get a bowl of pickles on the side. Their pickles are my favorite. Depending on when you go, the wait can be a little long. Sometimes the waitresses aren't on their game and can be a little snotty, but if you chalk it up to how busy they always are I suppose the attitude can slide. I've only ever had one terrible dining experience in regards to the crappy service, but that's been only one instance in years of going.
The best pulled pork I've ever had. Always a good time. Really good wings with a bit of char from the pit. Beans have a nice smoky heat. Sweat potato pecan pie was good.
Long wait for a Wednesday evening. Food was good. I got a chicken and brisket platter. Get the brisket only platter if you don't eat ribs, as it was melt in your mouth good. My side dishes were fries and mac and cheese. Both were okay, nothing exceptional. I wanted fried okra, but wasn't available that evening. There is a portobello mushroom burger available for the non-carnivore in the group.
Back again in August and the same result, GREAT!  Same 45 minute wait and beers at the bar.  Ended up sitting at the bar for dinner and had some wings for apps, wango tango sauced and they were very good.  Again had the ribs and brisket with Mac n cheese and baked beans.  All of it was outstanding.  Only drawback was that I couldn't finish it all.  Brisket was even better than last time.  Great place! In town on business, I took our team to the Dinosaur for dinner.  I love BBQ so I'm up for trying it anywhere.  Well the Dino lived up to it's rep.  Busy night but had a beer while we waiting, hoping we didn't have to sit at a table in the middle of the bar.  We did get a booth in the bar right near where we were standing.  Started with deviled eggs, peel n eat shrimp for apps.  Eggs were awesome, wish there were more.  Shrimp were OK at best, not really worth it at BBQ place.  Also had a few BBQ wings that were pretty good.  I had baby backs and brisket with slaw and beans.  Ribs were vert good, brisket was just a bit fatty for me but good flavor.  Slaw and beans were great.  Friends had similar assortment, some with Mac n cheese.  I had a taste and wished I had ordered it myself. It was incredible. Atmosphere was great too, fun place to go.
Syracuse is too cold with too much snow, the college is too expensive and sometimes snobby.....but this place is GREAT!  I wish it was in my blue collar hometown of Philadelphia.  I've been there at least 5 times, never disappoints.  Its all about the food - Ribs and Brisket are awesome, pulled pork and Chicken very good - with over 20 side dishes.  Pricing is fair - the only bad thing is the parking....but that's half the fun - you gotta fight to find a spot to get it.
I admit some skepticism on entering this place, as I've never really had great BBQ in the northern areas of the country. But, I was very pleasantly surprised. First, the service is very good. Everyone was quite friendly and willing to chat you up about the menu, beers, and so on. The beer selection is quite good for this size place. Second, the food was really a home run. The ribs are excellent, quite meaty, and perfectly cooked. Even the sides were excellent. Of course I ordered too much food because I'm used to the relatively skimpy ribs I've gotten at other BBQ places. Trust me, even 3 ribs at Dinosaur is a lot of meat.
I miss Dinosaur. The smell, the waitresses, the absolutely amazing ribs and cornbread. Care packages of their signature sauce are sent regularly and I find myself drooling through the Dinosaur cookbook I got for Christmas more than I'd care to admit. When I get a kitchen I can turn around in, I'll be making Mutha Sauce by the gallon! Haven't tried the one in Harlem but have been to the one in Albany. While the food was the same the vibe was completely different! Gotta say, I love the Syracuse original. I'm so horribly jealous of you all.
skip the brisket, don't miss the mac and cheese or ribs.  would vote pulled pork just behind the ribs.  mashed potatoes also great.   waitress couldn't have been nicer nor better on picking beers.  superb!
This place is wonderful. Very crowed do bring your patience. Best BBQ in a long time and being from the south that's a huge compliment. The service was outstanding. Ask for Annie I never waited for anything. She ordered for me and I was not disappointed. I would highly recommend this place to everyone as it was recommended to me. Only downfall was I sat in the bar table top and got bumped by people standing at the bar. I would still come back. The hostesses even have personalities. Win win all the way around
Its always super crowded here and they don't take reservations. They also don't seat you until EVERYONE is here. My group was here for a birthday and the birthday girl was late so we ended up waiting almost 2 hours... However, our food came so quick that I'm actually really suspicious and curious about food preparations.. I ordered the couple deal and split with a friend. I couldn't finish my half of the ribs and they were good! However, the sides were disappointing. However, the cornbread was my favorite part of the meal. :/ I will never wait here just for ribs...
the food is always great here, live music, good drinks, cant go wrong!!
liked the chicken wings and ribs a lot. Shrimps ale tasted good. Big portion.
Had pulled pork, brisket, and ribs. The brisket was so tender it melted in your mouth and the Mac and cheese is to die for!
A place NOT to be missed! During the last decade when I am in town, I've been coming to Dinosaur's. They have wonderful food, an excellent variety of beers on tap, and one of the most diverse and interesting clientele! For particulars on the food and experience, just read the reviews.
NOT fall off the bones ribs, it's SAW off the bone. If you like your ribs the traditional way they are supposed to be, which is fall off the bone and melt in your mouth this is NOT the place to go eat. I litterally had to saw off each piece with my knife and chewing felt hard. Their sauce is average, pretty much what you would find on store shelf for taste.
The service was good despite the mad rush of people and the food was better.
Ate here on a Wednesday -place was packed. Food was fricking delicious-cool atmosphere-service was fast-beer was cold AND good value to boot. We will be back for sure !
Best Q I've ever had. I had a three meat combo:  brisket, ribs, and pulled pork.  All 3 were amazing. Very popular place, we waited an hour+ on a Friday night.  But there are lots of good beers on tap in the meantime. Highly recommend.
I've been to Dinosaur BBQ a few times and after last night's visit, will probably never go back. I usually order the Traditional Sampler which includes chicken (leg+thigh), beef brisket, ribs, 2 sides and cornbread. Almost every component of the dish consistently arrives to the table dry, lukewarm and a bit over-cooked. An additional toss in BBQ sauce fails to cover up any shortcomings in overall quality. Live music is far too loud to have any normal conversation, and service is rather slow. If you've ever been to the south and have tasted true BBQ, Dinosaur BBQ will leave you with a bad taste in your mouth.
Just eat here, plain and simple. Their meats are their draw, obviously, but their sides hold their own. Vegetarians may want to choose an alternate restaurant.
Review 350 is reserved for a special place in my heart, Dinosaur BBQ! If you ask any random person in Syracuse, "hey, I'm in town for a couple hours/days, what should I do?" you'll get only a few different answers, and not necessarily in this order: 1) SU Orange Basketball (If it's basketball season - FINAL FOUR 2013 Go 'Cuse!) 2) NY State Fair (if it's that time of year) 3) Dinosaur BBQ Any other answer is irrelevant. Okay, maybe Carousel Mall, Wegmans, or Green Lakes State Park. But that's it! I know you're thinking, "BBQ in central/upstate New York? You're joking right?" This place is as serious as it comes for BBQ. The wait to get in stretches outside even in subzero temperatures. I don't know if I can wax poetic enough about Dinosaur BBQ. What started out as a biker bar (and there is legit graffiti and writing all over these walls), is my have-to-stop by place in Central NY. It was the first thing I hit up when I was back in town for a wedding in November (like hitting up In n Out when back in CA, but waaaay better) and the last place I went to before we hit the road after any visit. Coincidentally, it also happened to be the post-wedding brunch spot, and I didn't mind eating it twice in 24 hours at all. And I might have taken an order out too. Beef, pork, ribs, chicken, fried green tomatoes, cornbread. You name it. They have Saranac Root Beer on tap, and they make a pretty decent mojito and more than adequate beer selection. They don't make their BBQ in any one specific regional style (not too sweet, not too vinegary, but definitely a slathering sauce). I still order their sauce by the case in DC (they now carry it at the Wegmans down in Virginia, so I'm all happy now). Whenever I slow roast a pork shoulder on my grill, people always ask me about the sauce I use on it (Wango Tango). Plus, they have one of these Dinosaur BBQs on Manhattan island that's faring pretty well. That should tell you how friggin good their food is. Basically, get here and try something if you're in Central NY. You won't be disappointed.
Good food. Great atmosphere. Second night in a row getting dinner here. Still love it. Dino recommended the Tres Hombres which was tres bon. The food is really good, but the experience is awe-inspiring. My boss used to go here when he was in college more than 20 years ago. He says the only thing they've changed are the light bulbs. It's like an epic dive bar time capsule, except it's packed and rockin 7 nights a week. The condom vendor in the men's room, smokin hot waitresses and graffiti on the pin-up girly mags plastered to the walls says it all (see pic). We're taking full on t-top trans-am, cowboy boots, blues music, and a mustache. Mas macho brothers. Gather up the boys and share some pitchers over massive plates of smokey meat. Embrace the Unappoligetically male movement amigos.
I've never had better ribs than at Dinosaur.  A REAL biker bar with great service and great bands.  One of the last true american roadhouses.
Plain and simple - there's no better BBQ in the Northeast. For the few haters on here, this isn't The South. However, Dinosaur rivals many of the great Southern BBQ chains. I've been to this location (and Rochester, NYC, Troy) several times and everything is always perfect. It doesn't matter which dish or side you order, everything is good here. Come hungry - go home full. And be impressed.
Was in town visiting a couple of months ago. My boyfriends brother suggested I eat the best BBQ in town!! Indeed it was! Apparently everyone else in Syracuse was there as well! Knocking out a wall and creating additional space wouldn't be such a bad idea but the food was delicious!!
great bbq.
If you have a chance to eat here, don't pass it up. I might drive 10 hours again just to have dinner here. This might be the greatest BBQ place I've ever been to (and I grew up in Missouri, where we have KC BBQ, and I've traveled in the south a lot). Everything was perfect: great smoke rings, great flavor, perfect sauces (we brought a bottle home). I got the sampler plate with brisket AND pulled pork, and both were awesome. The mashed potatoes and mac n cheese were great sides. They have a great draft beer selection. They're obviously very busy, but they do their best to keep things moving, and you can have a beer while you wait. Great draft beer selection. Dinosaurs might be extinct, but I doubt this place ever will be!
Yum. The place was packed so we say at the bar and ordered. The bartender was very nice and clearly a multi-tasker. Our food came out quickly and was quite good. I got the sampler dinner, with ribs, brisket and pulled pork. The brisket was excellent. The ribs were good. I didn't like the pulled pork. Maybe it would be okay on a roll but it lacked flavor overall.
Best BBQ that I've EVER had. I went to Syracuse for undergrad and grad school and found my way here MANY times, usually with out of town guests. The ambience is your usual "honky tonk" BBQ joint, but it doesn't matter if it's 100 degrees or 10 below outside, this place is ALWAYS PACKED. Make sure you're willing to wait and have plenty of time to spare, as it could be a while. But when you're seated and eating, oh man, the food is to DIE FOR. My usual is the "Tres Hombres," generous helpings of pulled pork, beef brisket and ribs so soft they literally fall off the bone. Combined with sides of the best mac & cheese and baked beans, you're eating well when you come to the DINO. It's a true Syracuse institution. No wonder they've opened one up in NYC.
Decent meal, had the half shell nachos, and a sampler with ribs and brisket.  Best thing was the corn bread--- it's awesome!  Bill was $50 for for modest meals... Expensive for simple BBQ.
Did not live up to the hype! I'll start with the good. The bartenders were attentive and and the local beer was great, I was drinking the ape hanger ale. I also liked the dive bar atmosphere and decor. Foodwise, the ribs are the one thing that dinosaur can be proud of. The rest of the experience was not what I expected after hearing so many people rave about their bbq. We waited over an hour after being told the wait was 30-45 minutes. The waitress was double sat with us and another party about 10 minutes after us, so she figured it would be a good idea to introduce herself to both tables at the same time...we couldn't hear a word she said. I ordered the tres hombres which was ribs, brisket, pulled pork. Also came with 2 sides, I had the baked beans and coleslaw. As i said, the ribs were good but the rest tasted like it was something you'd buy from the freezer section of the grocery store. The pulled pork had little flavor and was barely room temperature, the brisket was dry, I'm almost positive the baked beans were from a can, and the coleslaw was simple coleslaw veggies mixed with mayonnaise. The coleslaw was actually some of the worst I've ever had. My fiancee had a salad which was actually pretty good, the dressings they offered were flavorful as was the habanero bbq sauce that was offered on the table. If I were to go back I'd probably get the ribs with a side salad and extra corn bread... and extra extra beer. That's pretty much the limit of what dinosaur is good for.
Yes, it's really as good as they say... and probably the best if not one of the best places to eat in Syracuse.  Not the best I've had really, but still excellent! Free drink refills? yes!
The Dinosaur is no-bullsh*t great bar-b-que. Syracuse location is the most hard-core of all. This place is not for those who want craft beers, a buzzy little pager and someone to hold your hand. It's usually crowded - because everybody wants it. You can revel in eating like a sauce covered beast. You can hear loud music played by real people who work day jobs and live down the road. You can show up clad head-to-toe in leather and park your bike wherever you want to. I have in-laws 'down south'. I drive through the southern states and get bar-b-que. Every place I go along the way acts like a northerner has no idea what bar-b-que is. I tell them to shut-the-hell-up because we have 'The Dinosaur'. Raised just outside of Rochester (where the second-most bad-to-the-bone 'Dinosaur' is) we eat ribs. We eat brisket. We eat smoked chicken. We eat greens and mac'n cheese and it's better than your down-south slop because it came from the rusty, gritty, Erie Canal soaked cities of New York State. (And, I guess Connecticut? They have one there but I'm not headed that way.)
Everyone who heard that I was coming to Syracuse immediately pointed me towards Dinosaur BBQ - and I'm glad they did! I had never had true BBQ, mostly because I'm from Vermont and don't really love meat all that much...however, my half rack was a delicious introduction! I got sides of rice and beans (one of my favorite foods because of time spent in the Dominican Republic - Dinosaur BBQ did a nice job!) and cucumber and tomato salad in a good vinaigrette along with the traditional cornbread. I was absolutely stuffed afterwards. The staff was very friendly and helpful and my to-go order came out very quickly. This isn't my typical type of place, but I definitely enjoyed it!
The mother of all smoked meat fantasy.  From the first sniff, you know you are in the right place.  Impossible to go wrong with anything on the menu.  Waitstaff does a great job maneuvering around the packed house.  Host was awesome - great edgy woman - fit perfect with the place. The food and atmosphere were great. The cornbread was oddly disappointing. The up side to that was that I ate more meat and wasted less.  Brisket was superb. Roasted, moist, smokey, held together for slicing but magically fell apart in your mouth.  Ribs were perfect combination of meat and fat. Side sauces were great. Trappey's Peppers RULE! Basically tiny green hot peppers in vinegar. Couple two-tree splashes in the turkey neck collards....awesome! Also like that they list turkey neck on the menu description. Good for them. Why shy away from what it really is. There was a tiny hint of sweet in the collards that I could have done without. Overall, great smoke, taste, moisture, pink ring, linger, etc. Seriously could have stood more temp heat. Guessing that would overcook and dry stuff out though.
Solid BBQ overall. Was worth the trip. Better than I would normally expect in this neck of the woods. Held its own with most BBQ places in the south that I have had. Be prepared for a pretty good wait during prime times, but there are two bars in the restaurant to pass the time faster.
