What is life if you can't gorge into a burrito and make your entire face messy with bits of sauce, mayo and beans stuck to it? Meaningless, I tell you! Everyone needs to get burrito-face every once in a while. Alto Cinco is one of those hip places near SU campus that lets you do just that. They have lots of different beers on tap and serve brunch from 11-3 on Sunday's. There's a separate takeout window as well as indoor and outdoor seating. After Danielle L's profile mentioned that the "jerk chicken burrito" was her last meal on Earth, I knew I had to come back to Alto Cinco and try it. I was not disappointed. The burrito is huuuge and overflowingly filled with beans, rice, jerk chicken, cilantro and other goodies. It's served with a side salad. The concoction was delicious, albeit very, very, very messy. My wife got the barbeque tofu burrito and was frustrated they put barbeque sauce on the outside of the tortilla (making it impossible to pick up with your hands without making an absolute mess). So the final verdict: messy, chaotic -- but delicious. Lots of vegan + vegetarian options here too!
First place I ate in the area, and Syracuse made a great impression. The food was great, even if it was a bit slow getting to the table (better that they actually cook it for you than the almost worrisome speed some Mexican restaurants have). I was really happy with the number of different options they had that didn't center around beef or chicken. No longer am I restricted to refried beans in a burrito and refried beans on the side! Exciting stuff. The decor and feel of this place is great, too. My mom was with me and came back from the restroom raving about something with barrels they put on the walls in there to decorate? I forgot to look myself but I will have to come back and see. :)
My boyfriend and I were fortunate enough to live in an apartment that had Alto Cinco delivered to. We consistently love the burritos and chips and salsa. I wish the Reston area had some consistently good tex mex food. Their guacamole is pretty good. I get it every time.
You don't necessarily expect great food in a college area but Alto Cinco breaks that tradition. Walking down Westcott st you pass this non-descript looking (albeit recently expanded) restaurant located in a set of adjoining stores. On a Saturday night you can wait 45 minutes but the bar has a friendly bartender who served me from a nice selection of beers and my guest from some surprisingly good wines available by the glass The menu is pretty extensive for a Mexican restaurant with reasonable prices, vegan options, good quality, well seasoned dishes that you can hardly finish. They also deliver. Fantastic!!
Showed up at 1:20am for late night after movies dinner. Ate a decently flavored catfish mole enchilada plate. Only complaint is it was lukewarm. Only diner there, naturally. Glad they were open! A bit more expensive than I'm used to. Still reasonable.
There are not enough good things to say about Alto Cinco. My husband and I have been eating there and ordering from there for over 6 years. All of the food is fresh and seasoned to perfection. I would recommend a dish but it is possible to choose just one. The atmosphere is also fantastic, the space is compact but they recently expanded the dining room. Dine in or take out -- you can't go wrong with this pick.
Love this place! What's better than Mexican comfort food? Always have a great selection of micro brewed beers on tap as well as having a well rounded Mexican menu.  They have tofu and vegan options as well as the meat variety for all food enthusiasts alike. With the expansion and additional outdoor seating this is a great place to grab a lunchtime brew, dinner or weekend brunch.
The service is really bad. The waiters do not acknowledge you, they do not serve you, they do not attend to you until and unless you lose patience, get up and confront someone. Although their food is good they should do something about treating their customers well.
Just crushed the huevos rancheros at alto cinco and now have the overwhelming urge to walk into the kitchen and high five the cook. Would that be weird??
I've heard about this place for years, and finally had the chance to visit.  I'm kicking myself for not going sooner.   This place is warm and inviting with outdoor seating, bar and high top seating, and tables in the back.  We were greeted by the friendly hostess and promptly show a table in the bar area.  The menu is quite long; it was hard to make choices with so many delicious options.  We ordered queso for the table, white ginger cocktails, and I ordered the catfish quesadilla for my meal.  Everything was fantastic!  The food was perfectly prepared.  The wait staff was attentive and friendly even in this laid back atmosphere. Despite the small size for seating and sort of lacking dessert menu, I plan to is it again in the near future.  A real gem on Westcott Street!
Grew up off and on in Syracuse and have been eating at Alto Cinco with family and friends since I can remember. Was back in town over the weekend and had to order my old fave, their chicken nachos, the likes of which I can find nothing that even begins to compare in the area I currently live (Northern VA). It was JUST as delicious as I remember and this place will always be a staple for me and for everyone I know in the area. Their burritos are pretty good and the restaurant ambiance is pretty cool--we usually order and have delivered, though, because the restaurant can get SUPER crowded and loud VERY fast. As in it is almost always extremely crowded and loud at all times unless you come at a very off time. But it is definitely a hang-out spot for the younger crowd--mostly college-age and 20's. Great place for a night out that doesn't involve downtown. The staff can be a tad pretentious/hipstery sometimes but what can ya do. Most of the people are genuine and were hipsters before hipsters became a thing so I guess they have an excuse. Love this place and will continue to eat here!
Alto Cinco (High Five) mixes Creole spices, with a touch of West Cost/Tex Mex/Mexican influences.   The decor is charming (Frida Kahlo meets Robert Rodriguez).   The cooking staff seems to care a lot about the quality of ingredients; as everything is very fresh and locally sourced.  The nontraditional mixing of flavors was a VERY pleasant surprise.  On my first visit I had the Catfish burrito which had a mayo based Mole, side lettuce/cucumber Salad and a nice hunk of Jalapeno Corn Bread which had a faint spicy aftertaste.  On my second visit I went with the Jerk Chicken burrito which was remarkably spicy and had small pieces of pineapples mixed into the burrito. The food at Alto Cinco takes my pallet down a journey that starts in New Orleans, stops in Tucson, parties in Tijuana and ends in Jamaica with blood shot eyes and tourist cornrows.   My only complaint is that the restaurant is tiny.  I visited the first time on a Saturday afternoon; they had 8 small tables, 6 bar stools and 23 people waiting in the small entry/hallway/pick up area waiting to be seated.   All in all a great place and a must check out if you're in the Syracuse area.
Excellent food and friendly service. I had the jerk chicken burrito. It had a pineapple salsa, which gave it a perfect spicy/sweet balance. Very affordable. Would have given 5 stars if they had margaritas. Beer and wine only.
Great food every time. Period. I suggest trying the Jerk Chicken burrito with pineapple salsa and chipotle mayo. Alto Cinco also has a great selection of beer, organic drinks, and Mexican sodas. A must if your hungry in syracuse.
Really GOOD!   Hubby and I shared the chips with salsa and guacamole.  Everything was so fresh and delicious, and the chips weren't greasy.   Hubby had the Frisco vegan burrito and I have the vegan quesadilla.  I can't speak to the burrito but my husband said it was delicious.  My quesadilla was made with a whole wheat tortilla and roasted eggplant, onions, spinach, peppers, and came with more delicious guac and salsa.   Washed everything down with fruity, white sangria.  Will definitely be back! A bit overpriced but really good food.   Small bar space with a few tables but they are expanding soon!
I was meeting my friend at 6pm and the hostess seated me before my friend arrived.  So far I've heard this one waiter within earshot remark twice about how they shouldn't seat people until their entire party arrives. I can understand that. But don't make me feel uncomfortable about it. I didn't make you seat me.  And it's not my fault my friend is late either. Where's my hot sauce?  At least the hostess is nice. Friend arrived, dinner was great. Meeting time was a mix up.  Shared concerns with our waiter about overhearing how the other waiter didn't agree that I was seated before my friend arrived (and how that made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome).  Our waiter handled it with complete class. Top notch, really.  Saved the night.  We were prepared to not return but after he went out of his way to make things right, we will return for sure.  Overall, a great local restaurant with one blemish on the serving staff.
Quality food prepared with love! Fresh, flavorful ingredients and generous portion sizes make for a well-rounded, filling meal. Kind, friendly people behind the counter, college-town vibe. --ME to CA
I am super excited about their physical expansion. I asked and they said it should be done by the end of March 2014. - They do have free wifi, but you need to ask for the password.
Moving to Syracuse, I heard so many good things about Alto Cinco. When I finally went, I thought it was extremely overhyped. I had a chicken quesadilla. They gave a lot of chicken, but I was not a fan of the flavor. Giving three stars because the server was prompt even thought it was crowded and very busy!
Came here on two different recommendations, and it really paid off. Was visiting for 3 days, and came back here four times. Excellent catfish burrito-- the East Coast's answer to fish tacos! The best chili rellenos anywhere, with a crispy fried graham cracker (I think) crust. Nice large leafy dark green salads.  Spicy and not too sweet pineapple salsa. Lone Star breakfast is awesome, except for the turkey bacon, which may be just me. The only hitch was a narrow selection of IPAs (stone ruination and laguinitas are just not all that good, imho). If they could get Racer 5 or Dogfish Head on tap, the place would be perfect. Great music selection (Black Sabbath at dinner, CCR at breakfast) and awesome bartender/waitstaff to boot.
The place was awesome. So many vegan options on the menu. Food was fantastic. The restaurant itself is presently tiny, very cramped, had to wait for a table. I saw a notice they're planning on expanding, which will surely be an improvement. Though the smallness is a little novel and fun. I ate jelly beans out of a candy machine while we waited, and was a happy camper. The only thing that wasn't awesome was the ginger mojito. It was terrible, too much sugar and tasted like a Smirnoff ice. Also, they can't seem to spell 'Ithaca' correctly. They're missing letters in the restaurant and on their website. Get it together Alto Cinco. It's I-T-H-A-C-A.
Firstly I would go back to this place on the chance that they improve on the poor service because the food was very good, prices very fair, and the decor and atmosphere all enjoyable. We enjoyed great Guacamole and store made tortilla chips. Chile Relleno, jerk chicken burrito and quesadillas; all great. We waited 45 min or more after being told 20 for a table for 6. Annoying after we saw 2 tables for 6 cleared and set for a good 10 min until I asked and was rudely told they would let us know when a table was ready. Then a solid 10 min for a beer - bottle handed to me, no offer of a glass. Then a solid hour wait for entrees. After 40 min profuse apology and offer to take an entree off price. Then when check arrived entree removed, and no charge for 2 orders of guac. which made the meal a bargain but really just seemed like another mistake. Shame but I would give them another chance, and suggest they add a dollar to each entree and hire some more help!
Ok, so being from Denver,  we have alot of delicious options when it comes to Mexican food.  This place almost earned 3 stars based on the freshness of the food,  but seriously,  a "Mexican" restaurant should not use pre made mission brand style tortillas. Buy some flour,  shortening,  and add some water and viola, you have tortilla mix.  The salsa was Pico de gallo, lacking much flavor,  could've used a few extra jalapeños and maybe some cilantro... and really? ? 5 bucks for chips and salsa? I'm used to getting at least one basket of chips and salsa complimentary, especially when I pay 12 bucks for 2 tacos.   I don't think I will be returning,  even tho I've had worse Mexican food... does taco bell count?
This is a great place. The food is great and they always have a fantastic beer selection including some really hard to find brews. Yes its usually crowded but my only complaint is  there's really no room to have a drink while u wait for a table.   The wait staff is really nice and never try to rush you out. The jerk chicken, cat fish, and chile relleno are top notch.
The good: the food is delicious. I love the American-Spanish fusion. Anything jerk chicken is amazing. The bad: the service is VERY slow. Early Sunday night: it took our server 15 minutes to get our drinks and it took almost an hour to get food. The service was not cold though-management is awful, not the servers- not enough people on staff. The ugly: the other patrons were extremely obnoxious. Hispterlicious. Example: 2 people staying at a 4 person table for over an hour- ordering 2 drinks each while the bar has room and many people are waiting to be seated. It's also very crowded- your restaurant obviously does well- why don't you expand? It's not charming, it's bad business. The bottom line: food is good, but I need to be inebriated to deal with everything else about this place.
Especially for this place, you have to treat food quality separate from service and environment.  Consider each one independently. Food: The food is ok to good.  Somewhat inconsistent.  In the last 2 times, I have had a chicken dish both times.  The first time, the chicken was cooked that day.  The second time, it was reheated.  That's a no-no.   The menu is basic mexican fare, some interesting choices in limitation, such as soft tacos only, no crunchy corn shells.   They have a fresh sweet tasting habanero sauce that they charge a bit for, but it is a must.   Also, they have many options for vegan and vegetarian people.  If you have an option limited diet in this respect, this is a real indulgence.  The vegan and super vegan burritos are tasty.  The inferno burrito is spicy and delicious.   About their cornbread:  It is tough, dry and hard to eat.  Why include it?  My cornbread is better!  If it is vegan cornbread, you can make better vegan cornbread.  Drop or revise.   Service: They get a lot of flack that they need to be nicer in there, "it's not Williamsburg, dudes".  However, I can sympathize that they, the workers are struggling to satisfy their customers with a very very undersized restaurant.  That's difficult, and I think their hurried demeanor turns off a lot of folks.  The owners need to upsize but for some reason, don't.  I've had pretty courteous treatment in this place.  One cook at the take out counter (a very intensely busy place, especially during lunch hour) offered to give me a quarter for parking.   Environment: Cramped.  Claustrophobic (I choose this word knowing that it is in the mind of the customer, but it is what you feel and what the staff feels simultaneously).  Clean.   We need places that define the culture of Syracuse.  Chains aren't going to do that.  But in everything, you have to push yourself to be continually better, and I don't know if AC's owners are still fighting like they were when they created their menu and opened up on Westcott St.  I'm rooting for you, AC.
We were not able to visit, however, I am giving this restaurant 5 stars based on my experience over the phone.  I couldn't get a hold of anyone via the main number.  The reason--they are extremely busy via take out.  I called another number and reached the catering department.  How refreshing, she walked to the restaurant and found out the wait for us. Most would have said, "call the hostess stand." We really wanted to visit, but with a four year old, the wait didn't fit in our plans.
Best Mexican in Syracuse! The selection, the portions, the flavor. If you are getting a burrito go with "covered" it is so good. Enough said! Beware though, the dining room is extremely small and does not seat many people. You could have to wait and when you do sit, it is tight quarters.
fresh awesome  food and great little bar. But the restaurant is tiny and service is ahhhh shit you can wait for hours at the tiny take out window if you want something quick the restaurant is always full. Popular night life spot in the westcott area
Love the food, the atmosphere, and the service. It's cramped but I love a lively place! Whether you want catfish and corn bread or chicken enchiladas, Alto Cinco is your place. Best restaurant in Syracuse hands-down.
Enjoyed a takeout catfish burrito, which was spicy and delicious and filling. I would give this place 4 stars except the cost here seems a little outrageous. We ordered two burritos and the total came to $24. Ouch. Unless each burrito gets stuffed with a $10 bill, then $24 is a little rich for my blood. While it's hard to argue that the quality of the food here isn't better than some other burrito pushers in the city, I'm not sure it's that much better. Especially when all I want to do is shove a pound of unhealthy food in my face.
The food here is always excellent and fresh. I would take any of my friends here to show them how you can get a great meal in a not so awesome location. Service is ok, but the dining area is extremely cramped. If you're looking for intimate conversations I definitely wouldn't come here. You're in a sketchy area of Syracuse too. It's nice for lunch and take out though. The prices are a bit high but if it's fresh I suppose it's worth it...
Mouth-gasm explosion!  This place is where we go almost every time we go thru Syracuse.  I didn't even know I liked chile relleno until I went here.  I prefer the actual plate to the burrito, but the relleno burrito is great if you need a fix on the run. I've also had the vegan quesadillas, which were a nice treat for someone who wasn't sure anything other than cheese and chicken should go in them.  And, the mister got the jerk chicken once, there were no leftovers...  at all.   We started going here when we were looking for mostly vegetarian places.  They pull off vegetarian/vegan for the newly non-meat eater and make you wonder why you ever ate flesh to begin with.   The place is a little crowded and seats few.  They have take-out if you can't stay just as you walk in.  You are going to wait for good food sometimes, plain and simple.  It's worth it.  If you are going on a blind date and don't know how it's going to go, this is the right place for a person that has a nice personality and can hold a conversation while you wait.  Plus, you can drink him or her sexxy with their small but well thought out alcohol choices.   I wish they would get rid of the fake greenery on the decor.  It's nasty looking because the place is run by dudes that don't look up to dust it.  Don't get me wrong...  This place is clean, except the fake plants have seen better days. Wickedly cool bathroom. Still 5 star review...  Food is fantastic!
The absolute best - right up there with Dino, in my book, for the two best spots to eat in Syracuse.
Excellent food and an atmosphere that feels like Alto Cinco was dropped straight out of Brooklyn. Highly recommended!
The food is awesome, and that sour cream must be homemade - holy cow! The prices were decent for the quality and I like that they have lots of vegetarian and vegan options available. They are also good about noting any possible food allergies on the menu, which I appreciate. I really want to give this place that 5th star, but it was just so cramped and crowded, and (I hate to say it but) the hipster vibe was just a little too much for me.
Food was meh. I have visited many mexican places, including in Mexico, and this was lack luster.
Unfortunately waited till my senior year to try alto..huge mistake. I've had their quesadillas and dinner/lunch items a few times however their brunch is incredible. From their daily special omelet to the huevos rancheros, I've never left disappointed. Definitely try a side of the cornbread, SO good. Although pretty small inside I love the ambiance, very trendy..be sure to check out the bathroom too (weird I know) but the mirror is made out of wine corks and it's all very cool!
Y U GOTTA PUT CINNAMON IN YO BEANZ? I was nibbling on my "Cinco Special", recommended by a Syracuse grad and Alto Cinco fan, when it struck me that there was something very odd about the quesadilla. Yes, the rice was a weird texture and there was no way you could call this Mexican food. But then I tasted the Cinnamon and became slightly appalled. Every bite after that was Cinnamon overload and could hardly take it. I tasted the breaded catfish in the catfish burrito and it was an interesting idea, but I really can't get past the fact that it is breaded...and served with mayo. Apparently Syracuse doesn't have much to offer in the way of food, but I really just can't justify giving this place a higher rating. The interior is very pleasant, and I could see myself enjoying some relaxing beers and maybe an appetizer, but I think it would be worth the long drive to NYC to get some decent vittles in me.
Why did I think I would find good Mexican food in Syracuse? That's like saying I'll find a pair of Louboutins in Forever21 - impossible. Was in Syracuse this past weekend for commencement weekend for my sister and we decided on Alto Cinco for dinner. Bad choice? Yes. Reason 1: Why am I paying 10 dollars for a scoop of black beans, brown rice, steamed spinach, chips & salsa, a smidgen of salad and some guacamole? Reason 2: The sour cream in my burrito didn't even taste like sour cream. Reason 3: Initially, we were going to dine in but the wait was 45 minutes. This place is RIDICULOUSLY small. Reason 4: Staff seemed a little...off. Reason 5: They're vegan and it's Mexican food. See the problem? Thank goodness I'm never going to Syracuse again.
Mi Cinquito, what a fabulous 13 years we've had. This is a young, hip, artsy burrito joint. Don't believe anything else you hear. I often take out-of-town guests here. The food is Tex-Mex and vegetarian-friendly since birth. They also serve fried catfish and can make anything with chicken. Favorite menu items: chips and guacamole, catfish tacos, catfish burrito, soup, Tex-Mex salad, Barry salad in the summer. The brunch menu is good too. They have excellent beers on draft. And it's the best place in town for wine by the glass. The wines are superb and value priced. The space is brightly painted. The bar is copper. The servers and especially the kitchen staff are cute and hip. There's lots of funky decor. It's packed at 7 on weekends. I tended to go at off hours, either late lunch, lunch-at-3:30pm, late dinner, or late brunch. Lunchtime during the week isn't bad either. You can order at the register for take-out or and to sit at the counter. You can also order beer or wine from the bar and drink it at the counter. The bar is free-for-all. In the dining room, there's table service. Speak to the bartender to be seated. I must have eaten here 500 times.
Ordered shrimp tostada and bbq chicken quesadilla. The shrimp tostada was excellent. It was served on a bed of yellow rice, layered with tostadas and lettuce with a delicious type of sour dressing and perfect grilled shrimp. The bbq quesadilla was great with tender pork and strong cheese. I believe it was gorgonzola. Worth another visit. Consider this a hidden gem.
1 Minute Synopsis: excellent food and service. I ate during lunch and was able to get food under 20 minutes. Chips and queso dip was a delicious appetizer and the Catfish Tostado was to die for. A great place for a quick meal.
If you go into Alto Cinco expecting authentic Mexican food, you're setting yourself up for disappointment. HOWEVER... what they've got goin' on is pretty darn good. Fiancé and I, both hailing from the University area at separate points in our lives, decided to stop in on a whim as we were in the neighborhood. I hadn't been to Alto Cinco in at least five years, but it was always a go-to spot as a college-aged vegetarian (hello, BBQ tofu burrito). Having since given in to the carnal delights of seared animal flesh, I had the catfish burrito. It was certainly tasty, but I had serious entree envy when the fiancé ordered the grilled shrimp burrito... oh my goodness. Both were served with a salad of field greens and a hunk of cornbread. My meal was accompanied by a Rogue Chipotle Ale, which the server allowed me to sample before ordering, pointing out that it was either a "love it" or "hate it" kind of beer (obviously, I fell into the former category). I've always managed to hit Alto Cinco during non-peak hours, but even when the tables (and there aren't many, hence the four-star review) are full, sitting at the bar has always been a fine alternative. Overall, our experience was great. I have a feeling we'll be making the trek out to Westcott Street more often!
(I should concede that my review may be slightly biased upwards by 4-year-college nostalgia propulsion. But on a recent trip through the city, I stopped in, and loved every second of my afternoon visit.) I see a bit o bitchin in the below reviews, so let me tell it to you straight. Alto Cinco is at the top of the food chain for eateries in Syracuse. Period. It happens to have a veg and vegan flair, but that's no impediment. It happens to have limited bar and mastication space, but so what? It's not the size that counts, it's how you wiggle your worm. It happens to be a wee bit pricey, but that follows as a semi-effect of its petiteness, and more fundamentally it just comes with the territory. If you don't like the prices, go somewhere else. The service, it must be admitted, is fine, not great. And this has been mentioned by other reviewers, but apparently it requires reiteration: this is not Mexican food, nor is it Tex Mex, it is ALTO CINCO food, enough said. So what about the food? My top pick is the Chile Relleno burrito, but all of the specialty burritos are scrumptious (to be completely frank, I think Syrajuice had the best Burrito until recently - I hear management has changed) but I also appreciate the large-serving salads. My girlfriend and I would typically get a burrito or substantial entree and a salad and split them. This is in my opinion the optimal to go Alto. Of course, you cannot forget the superb cornbread. Then there are the libations: excellent selection of brews (always a few good ones on tap), excellent coffee, wine. Even their breakfast is super solid, with a surprising range of options. I just love and miss this place.
One star for the service. Horrible! Not only did our food come out in an hour, but our snooty waiter forgot our appetizer! He didn't even stop by once during the meal to ask if everything was going well. Mind you, we sat a table away from the door/kitchen, and he was passing by us constantly and attending to everyone else but us! I wish I had gotten his name...When we finished our meal, another waiter (who appeared much friendlier) came to take our plates away and asked if we wanted anything else. Once we paid for the meal...lo and behold, our original snooty waiter came to take it! And he didn't even say a word or make eye contact with us. Ughh! The food was good. It's not authentic Mexican food, but the catfish burrito was very tasty. Skip on the jerk chicken entree; nothing special about that dish. The restaurant is small, but very charming with its decor. However, because of the service I received, or lack thereof, at Alto Cinco, I will most likely not be returning. I will opt for the take-out counter where at least my food will be promptly ready and possibly receive better service!
Delicious food in an uncomfortable, unbelievably cramped atmosphere. I luckily snagged the last single seat at the bar. There was only a couple feet of crawl space between the back of my stool and the high-top tables along the rear wall. Alto Cinco gets mad props for offering so many vegan options - all clearly labeled. My black bean soup and jumbo vegan burrito were both delicious, although the soup could use more whole beans in it. I also wish they'd include another type of salad (bean and corn?) with the burritos than just basic greens. Prices were very affordable considering the generous portions.  The line of hipsters stretched out the door...on a Tuesday night.
The food was pretty good, and probably really inspired, but I didn't notice because a $10 burrito is never ok. Disclaimer -- Taco Bell sucks. Forgive me, but given the choice I'll take a burrito from TB that's 50% as good as Alto, feeds me 90% as much, for 13% of the cost.
BEST MEXICAN FOOD I've had in my life. Great Veggie options, with the Spinach enchiladas being my personal favorite. Delicious, fresh take on mexican food. This place is not authentic mexican, nor does it try to be but i can certainly say that I have yet to find a place to match alto cinco in NYC. Trust me, I've been looking!
I really love Alto Cinco. I've been here a few times when I'm in town for work and every time I am blown away by how awesome the food is. My class order is the cinco special quesadilla with chicken which is large enough for two people to split with some chips and queso and/or guacamole. I also love their sangria- probably a little too much... it comes out looking like a sunrise in a tall glass. mmmmm. Everyone is definitely right though, this place has very few tables and you're practically on top of the person behind you. This is not the place for elbow room or to bring a big party. This would be, however, an amazing place for a date. Dim, cozy, interesting and a fun place to share some tasty dishes. Though it can get a little loud and the wait can be long if you go here during busy dinner hours or on the weekend, so I'd definitely keep that in mind. I think it's great that they have solid vegetarian and even vegan options here since that can be tough to find other places. Plus the food and veggies are always super fresh and you can really taste the difference. It's definitely not your typical Mexican restaurant, but personally I think it's so much better.
I am mildly obsessed with Alto Cinco. That may be an understatement. The jalapeno cornbread, I think, is on my list of best cornbread ever. Followed closely by the grilled blue cornbread at Empire and the cornbread at Maxie's in Ithaca. But I digress. Favorites: California burrito (which has guac and roasted red peppers) with brown rice, on a whole-wheat tortilla. Chile relleno (breading and frying a pepper and covering it with cheese? Okay, twist my arm). Veggie special burrito is also good, so is the jerk chicken but I rarely stray from the California. The side salad is standard fare but the lime-y dressing on it is SO GOOD (and I don't usually like dressing). The servers are usually hilariously awkward but very friendly and accommodating (and apologetic if something goes wrong). They have a pretty good selection of beer and the burritos are huge (I usually end up eating half and bringing the other home, since the cornbread and salad are filling). Nachos are also legit here. Have not tried the slightly intimidating sticky sesame candies that come with the check...I'm afraid I might lose a tooth. In general, remember that this is not REALLY a Mexican restaurant. It's heavily vegetarian, very New Age-y hippie healthy Mexican-inspired food. But that may be why I like it so much. :) Oh, and don't try to come here with more than 4 people, and even that may be too many. The wait is long and the dining room is sooo small.
Love this place, second fav mexican restaurant in Syracuse. Burritos are really good and I usually can't even finish it. Guacamole is good too and I know they have a lot of interesting options on the menu. Nice to have so many vegetarian options.
I like their catfish burritos, Mexican pizza with chicken, and the jarritos (apple).   Their chips are also really good, but the guacamole was expensive.   Usually get delivery.  It's faster, less crowded, and cleaner.
I had the nachos (sans chicken) and I also sampled the chicken burrito and enchilada.  The nachos were good (but not spectacular) and I'm sad to say that the burrito did not match my Chipotle standards.  (Is it sad that I prefer Chipotle to authentic restaurants?!?)  The enchilada, however, was superb. The decor inside was great and many of the goers had a sort of hippie vibe.  A very young crowd in general.  I wish the seating wasn't so cramped though.
It saddens me to see so many not-so-good reviews of Alto Cinco.    If you want true Mexican food, skip Alto Cinco but if you want some darn good Mexican-inspired food, this place is for you.     We stopped by for breakfast last Sunday and the burritos were oh so yummy.   I had mine with chicken-sage sausage and avocado plus the black beans, eggs, and hash browns all rolled up together - add the green Tabasco and you'll be in for a treat. Service was fast and efficient and an issue with one of our orders was handled well and the manager comp'd our coffees for the mistake. Writing this review makes me want to go for dinner sometime soon!
I am so, utterly disappointed! I know I'm biased for having experienced true Mexican food, but I came here knowing that this was not "Mexican food," but food that serves like Mexican cuisine. American ingredients. Still, it was just as bad as my roommate told me it was. ATTN VEGAN AND VEGETARIANS: this place was created for you. I'm not against vegetarianism, but if you're going to serve burritos, they MUST always have some type of meat. If not, they should have NO wet, soggy, spinach? I had a TON of that in my Frisco burrito. Big mistake. My friend got the catfish burrito based upon praise from Yelp. I tried it-- it's different, and probably one of the better dishes. Way overpriced for what it is. $12ish for burritos. I give it two stars, not one, because the ambiance was pretty cool, though small. Oh yeah, the waiter was so impatient. We weren't even finished with our food and he kept wanting to take it away. But he was a nice guy. Just sayin.
Simply put, this is a restaurant that would be right at home in the Mission District of San Francisco (a predominately latino neighborhood known for its various Latin American cuisine). I played it safe and chose the El Dorado burrito plate.  Basically, a covered chicken chile rellaño burrito w/ sauce and sour cream, served w/ large fries.  The chicken was tender, the rice and beans were flavorful, and the guacamole and sauce were amazing.  The burrito is so large, you'll have enough to share between two people with leftovers to boot!  But don't forget to try out the chipotle ketchup with your fries. At $16, you're definitely paying big-city prices for this entree.  Most other main dishes on the menu were $10-$15.   But what you're receiving is high-quality mexican-inspired food. Is this truly an authentic mexican restaurant?  No.  Is it a hipster hangout?  Most probably.  But who cares, it's great local cuisine in a town not known for having a sophisticated dining scene.  I can't wait to go back and try Paella night on Wednesdays!
I was stoked, I mean STOKED to find a place where (I thought) my kid sister (family carnivore) and I could enjoy a meal while I deposited her for the year at SU. Walking distance from her dorm, vegan friendly (which I need) blah blah blah. I guess i should say I'm vegan because I eat fruit and vegetables, not 'cause I eat tofu and fake meat. Whatever. There was 1 vegan salad, I figured the rest'd be easily modified, but no. The next time I want to wait 2 hours to eat a bowl of spinach with a tablespoon of other "salad" ingredients on it ... I'll just go to the supermarket. I hate giving vegan friendly places bad reviews, but the food was unremarkable and the service was WAY less than desirable. I won't be back, and I doubt my sister and her roomie would even order takeout...since they could go to the store, get back, and cook before the food would likely even arrive.
Overpriced 'Mexican' food that doesn't even taste good. I ordered a Chile Relleno, excited that I was going to eat Mexican food for the first time since leaving California. I was so sad when I had to throw it away because it was so gross. Everyone said it was amazing, they lied :( Cantina Laredo at Destiny USA and Chipotle are better, in my opinion. However, I am Mexican and my mom spoiled me all my life by cooking fantastic Mexican food. So I guess I just expected more? But if you pay ten bucks for a chile, it had better taste good ._.
Alto Cinco is a nice change from some 'cookie-cutter' Mexican restaurants. One of my favorite dishes are the burritos (the cornbread and guacamole are quite good too!) Please be warned... the place is small & cramped and there's almost always a wait. (If that is not your style, take advantage of their Take Out). Once you do get seated, the service has consistently been good. For something different, try their Sunday brunch, it was a pleasant experience when we tried it.
Damn good breakfast. I had the hash browns, really good, great price! This has the perfect amount of Mexican "flavor", without REALLY feeling like you are in a Mexican restaurant. Will go again.
HIGH FIVE!! I heart Alto Cinco. I always get the Catfish (Meow) Burrito, and it's delicious. Their Jalapeño cornbread is always a delight too. Their food is a bit pricey, but it's worth it. It also is something that you'll need to wait for, they're always busy, and they don't always have enough seating. If you're passing through Syracuse, check it out!
It's a small place, but with take-out, there's really no reason to eat there. Food is about as good as Mexican can get in upstate New York, and I'd rank it a 4/5 for mexican food overall. Service is fine. I have no complaints, though it is weird that you're expected to go to the bar to be seated. One nice perk - the restaurant is located on Wescott St., a hot spot for SU Graduate Students. Not only is the crowd usually younger, but they offer all kinds of organic and veggie options.
Would have given this place five stars, but minus one star for the size of the seating area inside.  This place would be amazing and probably do more business than it already is if there was a more sizeable sitting area. The food from Alto Cinco can usually be summarized as amazing / delicious/ spectacular or any other positive word one could think of. The portions of the food can be easily described as generous and I think one would be hard pressed to leave this place not feeling full or satisfied from their meal. I usually go with the catfish or smothered burrito. Saying that this place has "lesser quality than a hot dog cart" is an absurd and outlandish comment.  Obviously the person that made this comment hasn't experienced some of the horrific street carts in the city.
Driving back to Buffalo from the food mecca of the world (NYC), who would've thought that my 2 best meals of the weekend would be in Syracuse?  On my way to NYC, Dinosaur BBQ set the bar high for my culinary adventures in the concrete jungle but by the time I got home, only that and Alto Cinco were all I could think about. I had called in advance to make sure they'd be open.  Late night till 2am, 7 days/week?!  Wow, makes me wish I went to Syracuse for college...We showed up at 10:30 to their specialty - catfish burritos.  I've had my fair share of fish tacos from Wahoo's and various other joints in SoCal but holy almighty, Alto Cinco gets a major "alto-cinco" from me.  Catfish was perfect - lightly fried and moist on the inside.  The sauce they drizzle on top makes you have to eat it with a fork and knife too...never had a burrito like that before but I could care less about how it got into my mouth.  And as a bonus, the cornbread that came with it was even better (if that's possible) than at Dinosaur BBQ.  Thanks, 'Cuse...I'll be back for you.
There are a couple of strikes against this place that you can figure out before even walking in the door: - Chips and salsa not only aren't included, but they're almost 4 bucks?  Insanity. - 12-16 bucks for a fucking burrito?  In Syracuse? - No beef or pork? That said, this value proposition here isn't ridiculously awful, it's a pleasant place to hang out, and the service was great.  I got the 16 dollar El Dorado burrito, which tasted mostly like the sauce you get out of a can of chipotles in adobo and pickled jalapenos.  The side of the burrito that didn't contain the chile relleno was just rice, beans, pickled jalapenos, and that acidic sauce.  Honestly, it was kind of bad.  The side of the burrito with the chile relleno had a ton of guacamole too, and was pretty damn delicious. Girlfriend's catfish burrito was much better, but was also kind of overwhelmed with sauce. Anyway, it's not bad, and I'll probably be back to try the regular chile relleno burrito, but if you're expecting your money's worth, you might not get it.
IMPORTANT Note: Alto Cinco is open on Sundays from 10am until 10pm w/ regular menu and from 10pm-2am w/ a smaller menu I moved to Syracuse from Fort Worth, TX and one of my favorite food groups is Tex-Mex. As Rachel H. pointed out in her steller review this is not a Tex-Mex joint in the truest since. It is a local twist and revitalization of what can sometimes, sadly be a bland food category. Alto Cinco has a lot going for it because it has splendid vegan and vegetarian options. Tonight I forced myself to NOT order a burrito because I've had most of them and I figured I needed to branch out. The vegetarian Acapulco is a fun entree but a bit small on the portions. My dining companion got the catfish entree w/ sweet potato fries and it was heavenly. The jerked chicken is some of the best I have ever had however it is also some of the spiciest so if you are not used to spicey food than this is not for you. Some of my favorite foods are: pretty much anything that is a burrito. the Shrimp and Catfish are personal favorites however I've yet to go wrong with a burrito The downsides to this place are one tiny bathroom and if you hit it during peak hours you could be waiting for the next passing of haley's comet for a table. However their take out is also good.
I totally enjoy the food here. I will say though, it kind of bugs me that this place is raved about as a Mexican place. I much prefer to think of it as a local-hipster-fresh-food kinda place, cause with all the fancy ingredients it never satisfies my Mexican food cravings. It's small and often crowded, but worth it. Also has vegetarian and vegan options, which is pretty great.
Everyone should go here at least once during there time in Syracuse. It's a gem. Brunch was great, fast and the service was very friendly.
This place is small and cramped, a little uptighty on the vegetarian, hipster scale. There's also a long wait, and don't expect arm room. My four friends and I were squished in to a corner that I wasn't sure if it was a table spot just a crevice created by an open door. One good note? When I ate here with some friends, there was so much eye candy of skinny tattooed boys I did not know existed in Syracuse. That was a delight. But take this from someone who isn't a huge fan of vegetarian or Mexican food. First off, this place is expensive - but it's Syracuse, decent (not even good) food will be expensive. Secondly, there's a lot of choices for vegetarians, vegans - Alto Cinco caters towards the ESF/environmentally friendly cloud. However, I have to give Alto Cinco this credit: I may not like Mexican food - but I LOVE catfish tacos. I was so glad I went for this choice. It's a good combination of crispy and salty, nothing too overbearing with too many ingredients. The flavor was right on fresh. Drinks are good - we shared delicious sangria that had an alcoholic twang, not just watered down juice. I mean, it's a trek from campus, yet I prefer this over Chipotle, although not necessarily over Syra-juice - which has erratic opening times. But for a date - There's a lovely night atmosphere with candles and blurry lights amongst the Westcott crowd.
Best place to eat in Syracuse. Highly recommend any of the catfish dishes!! Great beer, great atmosphere, awesome staff. Highly recommend.
During my college years in Rochester I would visit Syracuse every now and again. The one thing I would always always always try to do was have a meal at Alto Cinco. The reason? They have, what may very well be, the best Mexican food I've ever had. And cheap! The main part of the restaurant seats about 15 people plus five more at the bar. I love the atmosphere which is great either for a date or a dinner out with a few close friends. There's extra seating outside - excellent during the warmer months, or you can order take-out, which is a little cheaper than eating there. A couple of their specialties are the catfish burrito and the jalapeno cornbread, both of which are delicious. The covered chicken burrito is my favorite and the vege burrito is excellent. Really, I've never had a meal here that was anything less than spectacular. In addition to being cheap, just about everything except the guacamole comes in large, healthy portions. I could go on and on proclaiming my love for this place but you really do need to go there to understand. A top Syracuse recommendation right up there with Dinosaur Bar-B-Que.
Prettyyy prettyyyy good. Not wild about their lack of red meat options, but that catfish burrito is phenomenal -- way better than the generic Chipotle-Qdoba-California Tortilla offerings.
When I'm in town every couple of months, I end up eating here.  I started off with a really great BBQ tofu burrito and last tried the Jerk Chicken burrito which didn't hit like the former did.  The flavors and size however are good enough to bring me back to try the other burritos on the menu.  Once I get to a point where I enjoyed majority of the burritos here I will bump up the stars.. So far the count is 1UP, 1DOWN.
When I'm hours from the city and need something better then taco bell or chipotle to satisfy my craving for burritos and enchiladas, Alto Cinco and The Mission are the two best places in Syracuse to fulfill those cravings. The dining space is very tight and usually is about a half hour wait for dinner on the weekend. The long wait = hungrier = makes the food seem even better. This place is great for vegans especially the hardcore vegans as they have many gluten free alternatives. It could be a little cheaper for the local poor college student but overall it's great!
I love love love love LOVE Alto Cinco. The atmosphere is great, the service is great, and the food is WONDERFUL. The prices may seem a bit steep, but trust me, they're worth it- the burritos are roughly the size of a newborn. And don't expect authentic Mexican, this is definitely hippie-Mex. Some personal recommendations: best sweet potato fries ever (with chipotle ketchup!), the catfish burrito, and the BBQ tofu burrito. My only complaint is that this place is a little crowded, but the food is too good to really make me care. There is also wonderful outside seating, and it's Westcott St, so the people watching is sure to be interesting.
The food is hit and miss but NEVER worth the price.  The ONLY thing that could offset the imbalance of quality and cost is if I were to be served by an employee that wasn't so pretentious that he gave a crap about the customers.  Unfortunately, this has RARELY ever been the case at "Alto-SinkHole."  Holding a level of self-righteousness above the customer seems to be encouraged at this restaurant. P.S. The music bloooooooows.
Very cool and vegetarian friendly. A nice place to take friends from out of town, just because it has a great hip, laid-back atmosphere. That said, I do have a bit of a wish list. To echo what some other reviewers have already mentioned: a shorter wait would be nice (applies to both waiting for tables or for takeout). That said, if you can stand the wait, the dining setting is intimate and fun (the corollary: not a place to go with a big group. Don't even think about it). And the last three (!) times I've ordered takeout, something in my order has been missing -- I think it's just 'cause things get so busy at that little counter up front, but be sure to check your order before you leave. I like the spinach and the house salad dressing (note: not the chipotle dressing, which I would never recommend), and just about everything else I've tried. Not a big catfish fan in general, but I have to agree with the other folks on here: mighty tasty.
This place has some awesome food. They are fast and they deliver. I'm not sure why but its super expensive to eat here. Maybe because I have to feed 4 people but I went to other places pay less and get bigger portions that I can split even get a lunch and dinner out of them.
The gluten free black bean soup is out if this world! The staff was very helpful determining what I could eat even at late night--a rare occurrence and very much appreciated! I will eat here again for sure and would suggest fellow gluten free friends do the same. Thank you Alto Cinco staff!
Coming from the South and having lived in San Francisco, my view of what makes great Tex Mex and authentic Mexican food varies. However if you're not in Texas or California, and you're looking to grab a bite, Alto Cinco is dang good. The atmosphere is charming and cozy (small) and the ingredients are fresh. They also offer many vegetarian and vegan choices. I love the burritoes and the guacamole. As an added bonus, the last time I went, our waiter smelled really, really good. This is definitely one of the better places to eat in Syracuse.
They do food right. Very trendy, earthy, hippie, no bad vibes. Excellent wine selection as well. My one downside is that sometimes theres a line-- not a ton of seating which means its usually cramped unless you pick the right times to go. The corn bread here is a must!
Giant burritos and a vegan awareness!  All of my kin live within a few block radius so I have eaten here a million times and it's delicious.  And I still like it now that I live in CA and can get "real" Mexican whenever.   My little nephew only likes the calimari which he refers to as "Squidward Tentacles."  This grosses me out to no end.
This place is a great Mexican restaurant, but it is so, so much more for Westcott. It's also the best bar in the area, thanks to their absolutely awesome late-night hours and great beer selection (I hear they even fill growlers now!). Because they deliver, they're a great resource when you're too lazy to cook or need some party food in a pinch. The bartenders are cool, the waitstaff are friendly, and the atmosphere is incredible. My only gripe--and it is so minor that I would never let it keep me from coming back here again and again--is that I don't think a single item on their menu contains beef. I understand that they play up the vegan-friendly angle, but c'mon--a Mexican restaurant where you can't get a burrito stuffed with steak or a plate of nachos piled with ground beef? That's more than outweighed by all of the positives, though, and this place should be everyone's one-and-only stop in Westcott.
Not 100% traditional Mexican food...it is better. You cannot find a more delicious Mexican kitchen on the eastern seaboard. In fact, I prefer this place over any restaurant in central new york for a quick eat. Their catfish burrito is my all time favorite, but you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. On Wednesdays, I would ask for their special paella prepared by the old lady who runs the place, although I am not sure if that offer still stands today. Their portions are generous. The staff is friendly, laid back yet fast-placed, and very professional. They are open relatively late into the night, so it is a great place to sit back and sip on a cosmopolitan, or whatever tickles your fancy, with a couple of friends. The only gripe I have is that it is sometimes crowded due to limited seating/space.
Just moved to Syracuse a few months ago and was told this is the place for Mexican food. Being from Texas, I was a bit surprised at the menu. Heavy on Burritos, and many of them very non-traditional. I made the mistake of ordering enchiladas, which were very bland. My son had a jerk chicken burrito, which was pretty good but def not mexican, or at least not TexMex that I love. Think I will go check Cantina Laredo out  which just opened at Destiny. Service was good. Very tiny cramped dining area, Had outdoor sidewalk seating but it was a very hot day in mid 90s, so we ate indoors.
Returned here 4 years after leaving college and the place still rocks !!!! Absolutely amazing food... Definitely try the Mexican pizza.......never been able to find this kind of mexican pizza and that too after living in LA and Miami!!!! Texas fries are good....so's the enchiladas.. u can pretty much try any thing here(I a reviewing from a vegetarian POV but the other stuff is excellent too) and you wont be disappointed.... got a good selection of beers too
Gotta give respect when respect is due. One of my favorite spots in the Syracuse area. Outstanding atmosphere. Great spot to kick back with a few buddies and drink some quality beers and eat some great mexican munch.   Can be a bit crowded (small place) on friday and saturday nights so I recommend going on a week day and sit in and take in the experience. They also have an incredible brunch... I highly recommend the Catfish Burrito, Jerk Chicken Burrito, Corn bread and the pizzas.
Real good salmon burrito.
Alto Cinco, guh. I can hardly talk about this place without tearing up. It was a diet staple during my undergrad career at SU, and I still think about it often now that I'm away from Syracuse. I only order burritos here (mostly California Burrito since they stopped making the Bandito). I'm sure the other stuff is just great but I'm not going to come to Alto just to order a fucking salad. I visited Syracuse at the beginning of the summer and was definitely planning to visit Alto while there. I had forgotten how good it was. Seriously one bite of my Cali. Burrito and it all came flooding back. How they make yellow rice and guacamole taste so good is well beyond me. And now that I'm gone from Syracuse, it makes me sad to know that they started serving breakfast burritos again. Bummer. Their BBs were so so good. And their cornbread is the stuff of dreams. Once you dislodge the idea of "authentic Mexican" from your mind, Alto Cinco is the best. (They don't make the claim to be authentic, straight-up Mexican anyway, so if you go there expecting that, you get what you deserve.) Sometimes I wish the dining area were about three times as big, but I guess that would take away from the charm. The wait to sit isn't really ever so bad anyway. Service can be a little gruff, but they're all on the ball so it works out in the end. Be sure to note that eating-in prices are higher than take-out. Some people get real peeved about not realizing, so do your homework. Lastly -- late-night alcohol drinking here is top-notch.
Love this place! Small, cozy east village feel. The alcohol selection is great. All of the servers and bartenders are so nice, helpful and caring! They make you feel at home. Great date spot! Also great spot to chill with friends. The catfish burrito is perfect. The salad is great and I don't even like salad.  Chille relenos, jalapeño cornbread, Texas nachos and calamari are all awesome. Best Mexican spot in Syracuse, by far!
Always a good meal - love the catfish burritos.  You won't leave hungry!  Tonight had seafood fideo that was a daily special that was fantastic. Tight quarters but worth the squeeze.  Great vibrant crowd - waitstaff and bartender very personable and prompt.  Looks like great takeaway too if you don't want to eat in.  Beer and wine but no liquor - good sangria and good selection.  Definitely a fave and special place!!
Well, what can I say.  I grew up in California and lived in Texas so I know Mexican food and this ain't it.  If your knowledge of Mexican food is Taco Bell and you're looking for a young, hip, kind of artsy place to eat, then I suppose Alto Cinco is pretty good.  If, like me, you have lived in areas with loads of Mexican restaurants, you will be disappointed.  The place is extremely small and tightly packed, and I was a little uncomfortable with the cleanliness.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and found they were filled with rice and served with a side of rice.  The red sauce, that flooded the plate, tasted like something you get from a can.  My husband ordered a salad and didn't like it enough to finish it. Think about that for a minute.  How hard is it to make a decent salad? What I remember most about Alto Cinco was the surly bartender  who seated customers.  There was one empty table and it could seat up to five.  A couple walked in and was told they would have to wait for a table to free up because he couldn't give them the only table that seated a larger party.  10 minutes later, three young, pretty girls walked in and were immediately seated, by the bartender, at the table for five - right in front of the waiting couple!  The couple objected and the bartender argued with them.  The couple walked out and I would have too.   If it were possible to give zero stars, I would have done just that. Save yourself  the money and the aggravation. You can make better Mexican food at home.
One of the greatest restaurants in Syracuse. Wonderful, healthy food year round. Great bar, great establishment as a whole. Its not its nothing that will blow your culinary palettes to pieces, but it is a solid Syracuse sized cool joint. Rock on Alto Cinquo. Rock On.
They are not just un-kid-friendly, they are kid-hostile! Having overnighted at a friend's in Syracuse last Saturday, they recommended Alto Cinco for brunch before we hit the road for the trip back to Philly.  I had my wife and 16 month old with me.  I asked for a high chair and they said they do not have any -  not that they were all used - but they simply do not have them.  I asked for a booster and the waiter with a bit of attitude said they don't have those either. I asked, "So what about folks who want to eat here with their children?"  He shrugged with complete disinterest and turned away from me.  I was surprised and stunned at the complete lack of respect as well as the blatant message that breeders were not welcome.  (I don't think the waiter was gay; just a posturing twit.)  At that moment my year and a half old daughter bumps her head on the table from her non-elevated position in the adult seat.  The table is pressed steel or alloy and quite sharp-edged -  as in painful and dangerous.  So my daughter is now bawling and this host looks at us with the stink eye.  I just left then and there and ate at Mom's Diner across the street.  They were polite, pleasant, and provided tasty and interesting Middle-Eastern twists on the common breakfast.   Just makes me wonder how Alto Cinco can be a part of the community without making any concessions for the family of their patrons.  This is not haute cuisine; it's a Mexican joint that thinks it's popular in midtown Manhattan. It's almost comical to see such unjustified self-importance in a college town taco place.  So the service was so bad that I did not even want to eat there.
HORRIBLE! Coming from San Diego and transferring to Syracuse, NY, I was feeling homesick and thought some Mexican food might cheer me up. Too bad this isn't Mexican food. It might be the only place in Central New York that serves vegetarian food for people who don't like spice or flavor, though. Not only is the name "Alto Cinco" horrible and nothing like the places back home that would end in -erto's, but they DON'T SERVE ANY MEAT. No carne asada burritos, no carne anything. No sweat though, I have had some seafood and veggie Mexican food back home... So, I order something. But what is inside, instead of salsa or sour cream or avocado? MAYONNAISE. That's right, mayonnaise. This place is pretty much a bland wrap place, not Mexican; so if that is what you're looking for, then great; but if you think this is somehow related to Mexican food, look elsewhere.
Mmmm Mmmm Mmmm! Alto Cinco is the place to be for some good Mexican food in Syracuse! Sometimes it can be a bit of a wait for take out or seating, but the food is usually worth it in the end. The Quesadillas are exceptional.
The name says it all ; Alto Cinco translates to "high five".  An actual Mexican restaurant would never have a name like that, right?  Well at least that's the mind set I had when I decided to give Alto Cinco a try.  I didn't want to go in with high hopes.  After all, I was in Syracuse at a "Mexican" food place.  I wasn't expecting it to be the BEST Mexican food I'd ever had in my life.   A friend and I found that the restaurant was packed so we decided to sit at the bar area at the main entrance.   It was tight but the atmosphere was good. I ordered the Cinco Special Quesadilla.  The rice and salsa were both bland and there was some type of grease/oil dripping out.  That would've been tolerable if the cheese tasted halfway decent; it didn't.  I've had Mexican food, Tex-Mex, Spanish food, etc.  this dish didn't taste like anything resembling those cuisines.   A friend of mine ordered a burrito (I'll have to get back to you on the name of it) and it too was lacking taste and definition. Alto Cinco is a trendy place with a great crowd.  If this was a bar or club it would get 5 stars from me.  As a restaurant I give them 2 stars. It's a restaurant with a Spanish name but they don't serve Mexican food.  The food is mediocre at best.
hipster hangout. it's all about the food here. i had the bean and cheese enchilada with green sauce and it was DELICIOUS. the jalapeno cornbread was amazing as well and was perfectly moist with the right amount of spice. nice atmosphere, pretty small place and a lot of vegan and vegetarian options!! however, our server was truly awful. he didn't ask how we were, if we wanted drinks, and didn't give us specials. he came over, took our order, dropped the food and that was that. the other server had to find him to get our check. we all had spicy food and he never came to refill waters either, grrrrrrr..... i would definitely come here again because the food was so good but i would run away if I saw this server coming to my table.
When I'm looking for someplace to eat with my boyfriend, I turn to him and ask "Do you want attitude with that?" when we look at Westcott restaurants. Attitude, in this case, is not a compliment. Sure, Alto Cinco is vegetarian/vegan friendly, but I find that just about everything in this place is overpriced and is served by a staff with a superiority complex. The bartender usually gives me the once-over and when I finally get a seat, the service is slow and surly. The food is fine. It's kind of difficult to make rice and beans exciting, but the specials are usually okay. Not nearly spicy enough for me though. There is another vegan/vegetarian place nearby that (in my opinion) serves better food with friendly service but is generally open only for lunch. Overall, I don't get the hype about the food and I despise going there because of the service and will only do so in a pinch. However, today (which inspired me to write this review) there was a notable exception: the bartender was not only friendly but helpful. I think that she's new.
Food is great! I had the catfish tacos, yum.  However, did not enjoy my dining experience as much as I could have because I was sitting in an awkward corner crushed behind a 300 pound woman.  There is absolutely no space in this resturant, there are possibly three tables in the whole place, and it can get packed and people sit down and never leave.  You're not missing anything with service either, you'd think for so few tables you'd get good service, not necessarily.  Waiter brought me out the wrong beer and ran away before I could say anything. If you're gonna eat here, you're probably better off taking out or eating outside at their "outdoor seating".
Solid food.  Medium-sized portions.  Overpriced sangria.  Expect to rub elbows (literally) with your dining neighbors - this place is tight!
Alto Cinco is definitely not the place to go if you're really craving Mexican food as their food really lacks spice. Everything was tasty and they have a good beer selection so, overall, it was an enjoyable experience.
above decent Mexican food, especially for Syracuse.  I'm Chicano from Los Angeles, so I know what really good Mexican food is, and you can't find it in Syracuse, but Alto Cinco is better than decent.  I'm vegetarian and my partner is vegan, and we were both more than satisfied with our meals at Alto Cinco.  The black beans are good, the rice is okay.  The Mexican hot chocolate was more sweet than I'm accustomed.  The service was quick, and attentive.  I'd come back for sure.
Brunch at Alto Cinco this morning.. Delicious! Had the breakfast burrito, hash browns on the side. The restaurant was full, and so am I. Kitchen was slow with getting our food out, otherwise very good.
One of my favorite places in Syracuse. It has good sized burritos and delicious wkend brunch for a decent price. My favorite is the shrimp burrito but the catfish is pretty good too.  Awesome place to have a brunch date or just a meal with friends. Drink menu can be a little more extensive but I guess thats part of the charm of this place. This place would definitely make it in NYC too.
Stopped here yesterday for lunch while buying tickets at the Wescott Theater . I had a Chile Relleno Burrito at the recommendation  of the guy behind the counter. The burrito was really good I just thought it was a bit overpriced. It was nine dollars and change just for the burrito. Having said that I will still probably eat there again.
I hate to be a hater, but this place is overrated and overpriced.  Inauthentic and yet unoriginal Mexican food.  Surprisingly bland.  Nothing terrible in the meal, but nothing particularly well executed.  Service was adequate but not great. Somehow I managed to visit on a summer day with a bunch of tables open, so I had no trouble getting a seat. I've only been once, so I will re-test with an open mind, but it's hard to imagine all of these things improving.
Alto Cinco is tasty, oh so tasty, but they are pretty expensive. Catfish burritos are killer! This place is always packed, so order ahead or plan to hang at the bar for a minute...
Vegetarian Mexican-inspired hipster-priced food that is super tasty and in big portions. Tiny tables means you're not going to be able to order a ton of food at once but they do wait until you're done your appetizers to bring out your mains. Chile Relleno appetizer: poblano pepper cut in half and stuffed with cheese. Since there was a main dish version we thought this would be tiny - we couldn't be more wrong. Basically after this one we were halfway stuffed. Rice and beans were tasty too. Catfish soft tacos: also tasty - although the flour tortillas are like the ones we can get from Aldi. BBQ Chicken Pizza: Big fan of the thin tortilla crust, and the toppings were decently plentiful. Very flavorful. Service: quick and polite, good pacing of food being brought out (we could only fit two plates on our table so this is a must). Ambience: We were there on a Saturday at the dinner rush so very crowded, but didn't feel rushed to eat or pay. A little dark but really pretty lattice lamps and candlelight make for a romantic hangout. Love the bar decor, somehow the combination of wood and chalkboards and bottles does it for me. I'd go back to try more of their pizzas and the shrimp tacos - but not in groups of more than 3.
Holy God.  This place is freakin' awesome.  I had the super vegan burrito, and my boyfriend had the bbq tofu burrito.  I don't think we could have picked a favorite if we tried!  The portions are ginormous, so two people can easily share one burrito and be satisfied.  Do yourself a favor, and eat here.  Seriously.  After driving around in Syracuse all day, I can safely say this is one of the best places the city has to offer.
HORRIBLE customer service, and average tasting, overpriced food.
I graduated from Syracuse 6 years ago and if I close my eyes, I can still taste the delicious Cinco Special quesadilla.
I love the burritos at Alto.  The BBQ Tofu Burrito is fantastic - tons of fresh veggies and just the right amount of protein and spice from their chipotle-bbq sauce.  The Veggie Special burrito is also excellent, with just the right amount of rice and beans to make it filling.  The regular and California burritos are also great.  Call in your order or hang out in the front entry for a few minutes while they make it - the waits are never long for take-out. Dining in is an entirely different experience - it's a small space with limited seating, so plan your evening carefully or you may end up waiting for awhile.  The seating can feel cramped, but the high ceilings and chic interior more than make up for the small space.  Also, great wine list.  Parking is usually on Westcott or one of the side streets.
The burritos were awesome. It was a pretty small place, so I recommend it for smaller groups. They charged me $1 when I asked for some more sour cream.
i love alto cinco.  not only because mad high school peeps of mine work there, but also because they make huge, quality burritos, that you cant get anywhere else in the area.   CATFISH BURRITO.  everytime i go to chipotle i walk up to the counter hoping to see catfish burrito as an option, and alas, its never there.   whenever i come home from brooklyn to visit my parents or whatever, i make them order alto cinco takeout so i can get my fix of catfish burrito.
Two words: catfish burrito. We went here for dinner and sat on the side with the bar (to the left of the takeout side) and had a great time. The food was awesome, great service, sangria, beer, and good times (beer and wine only). I highly recommend going here.
I really liked this place. I used to live in the neighborhood about 25 years ago (dating myself) and it still feels like a hidden gem in depressing Syracuse. I have been meaning to come to Alto Cinco for quite some time and we finally made it yesterday. We arrived at 3pm (it was a Sunday) and it was packed but the staff handled the crowd very well.  In fact the staff was top notch, they cared about their jobs and it showed. From the moment we walked in I knew we were in for a treat.  You enter in the taqueria area- it was bustling with take out orders and people waiting for a seat.  The place is TINY but adorable and made me feel for a second that I was in a real city. We sat at the bar, drank Michelada's (mexican beer with hot sauce, lime on ice with salted rim) delicious.  They serve beer and wine only but the selections are thoughtful. The food is Mexican inspired, not Mexican and it's expensive for what it is but in the end it was worth every penny.  We shared chips and salsa and guacamole...the chips were good, the guac was too cold but good and the salsa was good but lacked any spice at all. I had the salmon burrito and my partner had the pizza with black beans and shrimp, both delicious.  The cornbread was good but a strange twist for a quasi Mexican place.   Lunch was $52. , two beers, one app, 2 entrees. Overall we loved this unique and cozy spot very much and look forward to returning soon.
Alto Cinco is Syracuse at its finest. I used to live around the corner and I was in about 8 days a week, sometimes even three times a day. Chalk a bit of that up to convenience but certainly not all of it. Coming back late from class/studio (whatever you are doing that late at night in Syr), drop into Alto Cinco for some late night food and some damn good beer. Its hard to say whats better about Alto, the food or the beer? Both are amazing. Always get the cornbread, no matter what. My personal favorite is the Jerk Chicken Burrito, with the Jerk Chicken Main being equally as good and of course, side of cornbread. Wash that down with one of their rotating craft beers  (off the top of my head? Rogue, Dogfish Head, Sierra Nevada, Bear Republic, Six Point, Brooklyn, etc etc). The staff is always friendly and full of suggestions, recommend eating at the bar for some friendly and entertaining banter. Good set of late night locals usually adds to the entertainment. Missin Alto Badly!
Grew up around the area and I make sure I go every time I'm home. This is also the place I would always take out of towners. It is incredibly small so make sure you have time to wait or just get take out/delivery, but it does make a great date spot. The inside decor is very "hipster" and you're likely to see at least one person with a handlebar mustache. Their beer selection is constantly changing and they always have something delightful. Wine selection is pretty good for the Syracuse area, too. I can recommend ANY of the burritos, though the salmon is my favorite. If you're in the area, you need to check Alto Cinco out!
Best burrito I've ever had! Too bad Syracuse is a four hour drive away :( I would definitely come here again if I was in the area!
The food is awesome! One of the best quesadillas I've have in a while! But, the place is a little cramped and it takes a while (we waited for at least 30 minutes) before you get seated. The service was great. Can't wait for them to expand their dining room!
Alto Cinco is not a conventional or traditional Mexican restaurant and I don't think it claims to be one. But it is an excellent Mexican influenced bistro with terrific burrito's, good salads, decent soup, outstanding mole and the best fried calamari I've ever had anywhere.  It's crowded and busy but I've always had good service that was friendly and down to earth. Get there when they open for dinner if you don't want to wait for a seat.  I'm not wowed by their salsa and ships but have yet to try any salsa and chips in Syracuse that really impressed me  (except for what Dino BBQ serves but their salsa and chips appears to be available only through catered events).
Great little Mexican restaurant in the Wescott neighborhood of Syracuse. Seating was cramp and the wait was long, hence the loss of a star. I understand they're expanding, to meet the demand! This place is busy because the food rocks! I had the jerk chicken burrito and it was über-delicious! I'll be back for more on my next visit to Syracuse!
Hipster burrito spot.  Small dining area. Food was pretty good- my chicken jerk burrito had way too much mayo, chicken wasn't really seasoned, and I couldn't taste the mango salsa due to the excessive mayo. I sat alone at the bar and the bartender was friendly and I received great service even with it being busy for lunch.   I think I will go again to try something else.
Alto Cinco was one of the first places I ate in Syracuse. It isn't authentic Mexican, its more Americanized, but it is still good. They do have a lot of vegetarian and vegan menu options. Try the cornbread, its really good! It is a little small, so don't go with 15 of your closest friends. Nice atmosphere, and they have a nice selection of wine and beer. One of my favorites of Syracuse.
Alcohol selection is great.  Food is better!
Don't let the neighborhood or carryout entrance fool you. This place is fab. A friend recommended it and I'm glad she did because I would never have found this place on my own. The restaurant is small..really small and it gets cramped when its busy but...its worth it. The burritos are great and cheap! The wine list is pretty great for a campus area, casual(but trendy) mexican place..creative and affordable.
Good food and awesome beers!
Delicious fresh food! Good beer selection! Seating is limited and tends to get crowded on weekend nights.
Always a great Mexican meal! The breakfast is phenomenal! The place is small so it's hard to get seated which is why it's only 4 stars BUT you can get it to go.  I recently tried the breakfast - huevos rancheros & the breakfast burrito - both are absolutely delicious. You have to like Mexican from the  start to appreciate the breakfast. Note: The coffee is strong if that's what you like.   It's a bit of a hipster place, but the food is tasty.
Terrible for the amount of below average Mexican food they give.
A little pricey but reasonable. Lot's of good beer selections and a bar. All the food I've had is fantastic. Last time I went I really enjoyed the bbq tofu platter. It seems most everything (that I've ordered at least, minus burritos) comes with really tasty, generous servings of rice and beans. The burritos are huge. The place is clean and has nice, not overly kitschy Mexican decor. The bathroom is clean--weird to say I suppose, but it was enough so that it was worth remarking. My only complaint is that it s small so it gets very cramped, particularly on busy nights. Getting up from your seat can be difficult. I like when it's warm and you can do outdoor seating.
We had the fish tacos and the chile rellenos burrito and enjoyed them both. A welcome find in the upstate area that we're sure to return to.
I've never ordered anything besides the catfish burrito, but I really don't have a reason to, because it's the best burrito I've ever eaten. Always a stop when I'm in town.
Tiny place for lunch or dinner, good wine recommendations, love the food.  I keep going back for the shrimp tostada - need to branch out, as this place is heaven for a vegetarian. Great, GREAT wait staff -- couldn't be friendlier, more helpful, non-intrusive.  This is one of my favorite places in town.
o alto cinco, how i miss you so. seriously, the best burrito (catfish) i have ever eaten in my life and i have been trying to fill that void...still searching for a comparable burrito in nyc.
I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here. Great food.
I love Alto Cinco's food, and I order it often. However, it has become clear that a lot of their staff members really resent their customers. If you ask them to correct a mistake of theirs on the order, be prepared to face extremely unhelpful, spiteful guys. They will deem you as a high maintenance customer forever, and even if you tip well, they will forever deliver horrible service. During the summer, before students arrive, the staff is quite cordial however.
Huge fan of this place. Def a lil hipster inside but is a great place for a quick bite. Also, a great addition to that strip on Westcott.
Always great meals! Today did not disappoint. Friendly eccentric wait and bar staff.
Alto Cinco is the type of restaurant Syracuse needs a lot more of, though I'd be willing to settle for a few. It's open late and there's always a great vibe. A good rotating beer selection and fairly priced wines. Oh yeah, the food. I've never had a bad meal there. Nothing will blow you away and be five-star worthy, but it's well-above-average Mexican food. You can go healthy (tasty vegetarian) or indulge with some nachos and a fried-catfish burrito. I've only had dessert there once, but it was a great spicy chocalate tart that stole the show. There's a reason the place has been around for 17 years and still has all its (albeit few) tables packed at 11 p.m. on a Monday: It is consistent, the servers/bartenders and counter guys are friendly and the food keep, keeps, keepin' on.
Three of us for lunch.  No wait which was nice - but a sort of cramped table.  Any way the food was very good - fresh.  Catfish soft Tacos for me - nice crunchy cabbage made the dish.  Service was attentive and prompt.  Overall a nice lunch in a nice window seat.
I love the food, drinks, atmosphere and staff. I have nothing bad to say. You just have to know that sometimes it is very busy and crowded, but always worth it.
Alto cinco  doesn't quite qualify as being a "hole in the wall," but it's definitely a cozy little place.  The prices are reasonable if not a little bit high (10-15 per person).  It's super vegetarian/vegan friendly and has the best, wettest, messiest, burritos I've ever tried.  These are huge hulkin' things you eat with a knife and fork.  Try the catfish burrito for dinner.  It's different, and sooo delicious. Also, they actually have an amazing breakfast menu too.  They get a little crowded after 5pm or so (revelers waiting for their shows to start at the theatre next door) and sometimes the crowds can get sketchy....... BUT if you come in for breakfast, it has a completely different vibe.  Instead of a super jammed packed crazy loud joint, it feels like a cute, quiet, hip little place where you can grab breakfast and read the paper or answer emails or whatever. Try the egg and cheese breakfast sandwich if you're there in the am. The only reason I'm docking a star is because their prices are a little bit higher than the surrounding spots that are frequented by students.  Also their "cocktails"  are pretty bad since they don't have a liquor license to serve hard alcohol.  Stick with the beers on tap.
Knowledgable wait staff, fresh and tasty food, and a decent beer/ wine selection. What's not to love? Also extremely vegetarian and vegan friendly. Great spot.
Yum! Coming from AZ where good Mexican is the norm I was worried when I read the reviews. However it's delish! I wouldn't call it authentic Mexican, but I'll take nouveau Mexican the way they serve it up any day. We had the Mexican pizza, I wanted to eat the entire thing but at the time I was on a dumb diet, so I took half home and ate it the next day too.  My husband had the chili relleno burrito and again not an authentic chili relleno still a good one.  Can't wait to go back, next time without the kids, it's pretty small, but the server was super nice considering our 2 year old wasn't in the best mood.
Best Mexican food in Syracuse.  You have to try the cat fish tostada, any of menu items with the jerk chicken.....and the chicken enchiladas are the best!  Great guacamole and salsa provided with homemade chips.  Nice selection of wine, beer and organic sodas.  Nice,casual environment with friendly wait staff.  Only downside is the small size of the restaurant...it is great when you hit it right, but potentially a long wait if you don't.  Definitely worth it!
The food's good, filling, but overpriced and cramped. There's several other Mexican/Taco+Burrito joints around SYR that have even tastier food for a cheaper price. Alto Cinco really holds on because of yuppie SU students hanging around Westscott.
Compared to The Mission or other Mexican places in the area, [Boom Boom Mex Mex, or El Canelo] it's the best. The specials are worth trying.  Wines are good. The only continuous complaint is they don't have room and why, oh, why don't they expand into Munjeds?]
Great food, nice atmosphere, casual to business casual, limited draft selection at the bar but it's geared toward quality not quantity. Quite hip
Awesome eclectic mexican food. The cornbread is amazing. Its a little spicy and more moist than any other cornbread I've ever had. The burritos are great and don't leave you feeling like you just ate a brick. I used to get chicken burritos but received a bean burrito once by mistake. The vegetarian burritos are even better! The beer and wine selection is also pleasantly surprising. The only down side is the size of the place. I wouldn't try coming here with a large party. I would stick with for or less. Otherwise go with takeaway.
Ok so the place is small. But go to experience excellent service and decent burrito (preferably the inferno) while sipping a dos equis with a good friend or new date. I love this place. From what I know it's very vegan friendly and good vegan quality as well.
One of my favorite restaurants in Syracuse. Have never had a bad meal and have probably eaten there at least 50 times and tried several menu items.  Can get very crowded but that is part of the charm and the food is worth the wait.  If we get there and it is crazy busy we sometimes just hang and grab a drink and other times we go somewhere else but figure we'll get our Alto Cinco fix the next night.
I lived in Texas for most of my life, so like the reviewer from San Diego, I have experience with great Mexican food.  This is not it.  If you like this place, you have no idea what Mexican food is.  It is pretty common for those who've lived in New York and New Jersey all their lives to think that anything with canned salsa is Mexican.  I once met a person at Princeton who thought that he ate Mexican food every single night because the dining hall workers were Mexican.  If this is you, or if you have never lived any place with good Mexican food, you might like this restaurant.
After enjoying Alto's, both dine in and takeout for years, I can easily say this is my favorite casual restaurant in CNY.Yes it is small, noisy,crowded, busy, whatever, but the food is excellent, always dependable,the service is excellent, the staff is great, and my vegan and vegetarian friends (that includes my wife) are never disappointed.  My favorite is the Tex Mex salad, maybe not authentic, but damn good, as well as the jerk chicken, super vegan burrito, and the fried calamari.  And waiting a few minutes for a table (which happens a lot in this near SU neighborhood) is surprisingly not an issue.
Oh man,  It has been a while since I have been to Alto Cinco and maybe things were quite a bit different when I first dined here or maybe I was very mistaken but the food isn't how I remembered it.  What I remember as fresh and flavorful is now drab and lackluster.  One thing has remained constant, the smug pretentious attitude of the staff.  Sorry Syracuse, this place is a miss.
Teeny tiny place, so don't arrive with a large party.  Alto Cinco has always provided me with a fine dining experience.  A fine beer selection as well.  Thumbs up.
I'm Texan and I know Mexican food. Their stuff is delicious. Don't go looking for old-fashioned authentic Mexican here but do expect fresh ingredients, fantastic taste, and excellent service. I love this place. The chipotle calamari appetizer is super yummy, as are the fish tacos, nachos, and quesadillas. No complaints at all, really, though their draft beer list could be a little longer! Very, very limited seating (I'm talking 6 or 7 small tables if that), but they have a few small tables outside that would be appropriate for those few sunny days in Syracuse. I've eaten here many, many times and have always received EXCELLENT service from the waitstaff.
This place is awesome! Though I haven't gotten the chance to eat in yet (the wait was an hour and 45 minutes--at 9 pm. What? We ordered out.), the food was really awesome. I got the Angelito burrito, and it was a beautiful, smokey chipotle tofu and black bean experience. My friend got the shrimp tostadas which had a really great flavor. My other friend got the catfish platter, the best part of which was the dipping sauces, in my opinion; the catfish breading was weird, coming from me, a south Louisiana native and self-dubbed fried seafood aficionado. We also ordered a mango salsa and chips, which was delicious! Even though we ordered a large, the chips-to-salsa ratio leaned highly towards the former-- there probably was only  a stingy 1/3 cup serving of delicious salsa to go around. However, all-in-all, a really adorable restaurant with an awesome menu that I can't wait to work my way through during the rest of my undergrad years.
yeah, "meh" - as the yelp guys put it - is spot-on.  i just don't get this place or, more specifically, don't get why it's so beloved in the syracuse area.  i've been there on four different occasions and am underwhelmed at every turn.  the place tries to be artsy but the service is slow and unresponsive, the tables are practically on top of one another, the prices are high for what you get, and the food (yeah, the food) is at best so-so.  does not even approach anything authentically mexican - which can be fine if you go with a tex-mex vibe, which also doesn't really hit it here.  wraps are not mexican for example, nor are they tex- mex.  they're a sandwich.  meh, indeed
i'm from cali and this place is not really mexican, but it's delicious. i'd call it hippy-mexican. the only downside is the tight seating area. very hard to get a table
Yum. Late night evening morning whatever! Quintessential student eatery - and a veggie haven
Good food, poor service. Politer while with my mother than with a friend. Just sayin'...
cool, cozy atmosphere...limited seating...in hip westcott area.  decent food, quality has not been consistent. nice place to hang out in westcott area with friends, if you want to have some drinks and  food.
I have only had their fabulous take out at work (more times than I'd like to admit) but I can definitely vouch for the flavor of their food. It sends my taste buds dancing! The burritos are amazing and the calamari is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Thank goodness for a much more than decent place to get Mexican food around here. This Texas girl can now properly survive in the frozen tundra. ;)
Great place and great food.  I normally get it to go, food is always good and fresh.  I love their burritos, especially the covered burrito.  The restaurant itself is a good place to eat, although it is a little tight in there.  Don't forget to order their sweet potato fries!!!  They are the best and come with a chipotle ketchup.
Some of the best food you can get for these kind of prices. I've had a few of their different burritos, quesadillas, cornbread and salad and its all good. Really good quality, fresh side salads and cornbread. Even the sides taste really good. Alto Cinco has really good mexican food right near campus, no need to go to the smug, over rated Chipotle, the overpriced The Mission restaurant, or god forbid a taco bell.
Very solid place for dinner.  Good take-out too.  I have siblings that are veggies and they love this place.  I opt for the burritos, esp the catfish.  Good local beers too.  Don't go w/ more than 4, though, they can't accommodate you.
Best Catfish Burrito I've ever had.
love this place. i'm here at least once a week, maybe once every two weeks. exceptional draft rotations, and a good selection of bottled beers - negro, pacifico...Food is possibly the best in Syracuse and I've lived here for 25 years. Yeah the place is cramped, but relax, grab a beer or glass of wine, you'll get to eat eventually, big girl. Brunch is phenomenal - I'd go every Sunday if i could. In the summer, especially the amazing summer we've had this year, this place is perfect. You step in when there's a lull in the crowd, maybe during the change-over, grab a spot at the amazing copper bar or out under the awning, order a beer, start your day-drinking, order the guac and chips, mexican or bbq pizza is unbelievable, as are their burritos. If you're there for brunch, I highly recommend a beer, jalapeno cornbread with chipotle butter, or a chorizo burrito. it's a small window to heaven.
I am writing this review with a grain of salt, yet completely unbiased opinion.  I have eaten at Alto Cinco about 5 times.  I normally don't like to write reviews until I have a very solid foundation for an opinion.  I will start off with first and foremost...the entire atmosphere is subpar.  It is small, only has about 6 tables, with stools at the bar to seat people that can't get a table.  It appears that no one is running the joint.  Out of the 6 tables they have, they are uncomfortable high tops, extremely close together, so if you are more than 120 pounds, it will be a tight and uncomfortable squeeze.  After being squeezed into a tight, uncomfortable high top about 18 inches wide  without any place to put my car keys, let alone my purse, begins the wait.  Each time, we waited about 10 minutes before anyone approached us to take even a drink order.  Actually, no drinks orders have ever been taken.  The wait staff have always been 100% rude with an unnecessary arrogance throughout the entire meal.  I will also mention that I am not a picky eater, nor do I command attention at any restaurant I go to.  I am actually one of the most laid back customers any establishment could have, and usually believe in tipping generously (unless warranted otherwise). Point being, I'm not high maintenance by any means and I rarely give poor reviews.  Continuing... I will say, that the salsa and guacamole is great.  Very fresh.  After finishing the first drink (every time I was there) the staff never noticed nor cared that we were ready for another drink.  It wasn't until we waited 15-20 minutes after it being finished, when our entrees came out and were delivered to our table, that they reluctantly asked if we wanted another drink.  Never once, out of the 5 times I have been there, did ANY wait staff actually ask if we would like another beverage.  Anything we wanted, we had to flag down a member of the staff (which I personally hate to do) and when approached, they all had a massive attitude as if we had the most ridiculous requests (Side of sour cream please?) and had scowling faces.  This is not one time mind you, this is EVERY time I have been to Alto Cinco.  The wait staff is rude, unaccommodating and unfriendly.  It might actually be some of the worst customer service I have experienced. Not only that, but everything the serving staff did for us, we made sure to genuinely thank them each time, and never once did we receive a "you're welcome".  And last, I will tell about our most recent experience.  My fiancé and I both ordered burritos, he the shrimp and me the catfish.  When they came out, I am not embellishing, they were refrigerator cold.  He did not want to mention it, but being that we are paying $13-$16 per burrito, I had to say something.  And honestly, I have probably said something 3 times in my life to a waitress about a meal I received.  I am absolutely NOT one of those people.  But, I stuck my finger into my burrito and it was ice cold throughout.  Being polite, I waived the waitress over to our high top and quietly said that the burrito was delicious, but it was cold and asked if they could just heat it up a little for me. I didn't want a new one, just heat the same one up a little bit.  The waitress looked a little taken aback and said ok.  Four minutes later, the server came back and gave me the plate.  I said emphatically, "Thank you so much" and his response was "Yuuuuuuuuup" in the most condescending drawn out manner.   Not only that, but after it being taken back into the kitchen and brought back to the table... it was still only luke warm.  Super disappointing.  It would have been an incredible burrito if it had simply been heated.  Like I said before, I don't ask for much.  I didn't even ask for a new, fresh burrito, I just wanted it to be heated like a normal burrito should be.  I was never rude or insulting or difficult at any point.  I feel awkward being "that girl" to say anything about the meal received, so I normally don't.  But, this was in fact, ice cold.  I had my fiancé put his finger in it and he said the same thing.  His was just as cold aside from the shrimp being mildly warm (he will eat anything and had eaten a good chunk of it before I cut into mind, otherwise he said he would have sent his back too, reluctantly).  All in all... I think Alto Cinco could have a good thing going because they do have good products and flavor (Yet beer and food prices are kind of ridiculously high, with very poor seating)... you just can't serve sloppy food put together, serve cold food at any point, and they ABSOLUTELY need to change their service.  I don't know if I have ever been treated so poorly in Syracuse.
great atmosphere, excellent wait staff and awesome food.  try the PEI mussels!
