I've been to the old Dockside and now I've been to the new and improved Dockside.  I really loved it before, so I would say the changes made it even better. The revamped menu holds your standard casual-bar-summer foods.  We tried the "fish tacos", 3 for $13.  The amount of food was reasonable for the price.  The only thing I would alter would be more corn meal fried perch, less guacamole.  I like guacamole, so I didn't mind as much, but it tasted like a "guacamole taco" and not a "fish taco". The drinks are reasonably priced.  I ordered a standard margarita on the rocks, and it came in a fancy glass with an umbrella, and only costed me $5 (unlike other places that would charge $8-9 for the same thing). This is a great place to come and relax "on the water" during the summer.  I like the high tables outside.  You can order a drink at the bar (or food) and seat yourself out at the high tables without requiring a waitress.  There is plenty of seating: indoors, bar indoors, covered patio, & the uncovered outdoor patio. This is also a great place for people watching ~ enjoy the sites!
I never went to the old Dockside, but what I've heard from friends is that it wasn't really all that great. The new Dockside on the other hand, was pretty great. First of all, I was really impressed with the interior. It's beautiful inside. Very clean and makes you feel like you're somewhere on the ocean. We went in early spring so we didn't get to experience the outdoor patio area but I'm sure we will sometime this summer! We got the stuffed banana peppers for an appetizer (I LOVE good stuffed banana peppers). I don't like bleu cheese and that was all you could taste. For that reason, I wasn't a huge fan but I will say I happily ate my whole pepper because it was still pretty good despite the overload of bleu. For dinner I got a pork dish that was on special, which came with a succotash. The pork was maybe a tiny bit dry, but overall the dish was excellent. I've never had succotash and it was yummy! There's something for everyone at Dockside, including a good beer and drink menu!
Cons- Slow service- Servers and Behind bar Expensive drinks - you are in  NT not in NYC, Vegas, Miami etc. $15 for a pitcher of bud lite  "c'mon man" Kids menu- there isn't one No live music- where is the night life? Have to compete with Jakes and Dywers Pros- Great View Great for boaters to tie up to The Boating community needs a family friendly sports bar with a night life not a white linen fine dining. We are coming from our boats not from a limo.
We went last year and we were served with an insect on our plate .  Heard there are new owners this year so gave it another shot.   Food was fair, service was awful.  Our server was great but had way too many tables .  We ended up being there for about 1-1/2 hours .   The view is nice .  We may go back for a sandwich but not a full service dinner.
Cons: slow service, poor food selection, owner is a meathead, not worth going to experience
Amazing stinger!! Gotta try the home made onion rings!!! Mac and cheese was amazing too! Go check out the NEW dockside - under new ownership!
Went there on Sat June 6, 2014. Was seated  after waiting your normal 10 min, no big deal. The problem is and why I only gave 1 star is because after we were seated, not a single person came to our table. After waiting 25min and seeing other tables that were seated after my party being served we left. So I can't give details about food but the view is ok and as far as service ????? Wouldn't know because I didn't get any..
We decided to try the 'new' Dockside on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  We were seated right away, and the building was opened up completely so we were able to enjoy the breeze even though there were no available tables on the patio. The beer selection is good, and both of the beers ordered were very cold. I ordered the Steak and Arugula Salad.  It was good - lightly dressed, with goat cheese and kalamata olives, and the steak was cooked perfectly.  It came with pita triangles which were really good.  My only complaint is the greens - you can't eat a huge plate of arugula.  You just can't - there were so many stems it almost hurt my mouth to eat a bite full, and I immediately worried about what they'd do to my stomach later on.  The salad would be perfect if it was arugula and some other greens to break up the 'stemminess'.   My husband had a burger and fries.  The burger was good (slightly undercooked, but that's what happens sometimes when you order 'medium').  The fries, not so much.  I like a good hand cut french fry, but these were not good.  In order to do hand-cut properly, you must cook the potatoes twice - once at a lower temp to cook the potato, and then again at a high temp to crisp the outside.   These were just thrown into the oil and left to cook so they were black/brown and soggy.   We also had a dozen steamed middleneck clams, and they were really, really good.   We will dine here again since we live just a few blocks away, but we will order differently.  The onion rings that kept passing our table looked delicious - we'll be back to try some. I do want to add that we have dined here a few times in the past and it was messy and dirty (yes, those are two different things).  So much so that we stuck to bottled beer and drinks in plastic because we wondered about the cleanliness of the glassware.   I'm happy to say that now the inside is really neat and clean, and there wasn't a sticky coating on the tables or trash (napkins, straw papers, etc.) on the floor.  This alone is enough to make me come back again.
Oysters and beer. Both cold and refreshing. Prices a little lower than across the street at Remington's.  Service was very friendly and attentive. Fish fry and fried chicken looked good, but we were there just for appetizers. Nice view out the window at the river.  It's a bit of a dive in a good way. I'd come back.
2 Stars- Ribs were worse I 'be ever had 1- of-10 stars. Burger was good 6- of 10. Don't order ribs, dry as can be!
I live on the canel and enjoy the developement in the area.  Great atmosphere. The first time I went food was good.  The seating at the high tops very uncomfortable.  Weird posture keep sliding out of chair.  Second time I went had the fish fri.  The worst!  Chane the oil and cook different food in different fryers. Chicken looked good but afraid to try after soggy fish n fries.  And don't try to make all your money on the booze! I hope the owner appreciates opinions of others. I want to return for the food not atmosphere.
The old Dockside really sucked and sadly to say there isn't much of an improvement here.  They have not changed a thing inside but I suppose it was always the food that was the real issue.  The temp was 60* today and the patio was closed.  My wife and I both ordered glasses of wine which were served in the modern wider based wine glasses without stems.  They were extremely underfilled and in a normal glass would've been filled about 1/7th of the way.  The meal we had was decent, we both ordered the buttermilk fried chicken, asparagus, and Mac and cheese.  The entree was decent but came with no bread or snack while we waited.  The real shock came with the check.  House wine was $9.26 a glass and they didn't have prices advertised anywhere!  The bottle can be purchased from liquor vendors for $10.  This is ridiculous, especially in this venue, we're not at a luxurious restaurant, this is somewhat of a dive on the canal.  Paying bottle price for a glass when buying the bottle isn't even an option is insanity.  We will not be returning.
