THIS PLACE WAS PACKED.   my boyfriend, matt v. and i came here because i did the Ironman this past weekend.  we had such a great time at strong hearts and matt even bought a tshirt and two milkshakes. LOVE that the milkshakes have awesome names like the west memphis three (which was the one i ordered) i had a pesto sandwich that i liked a lot. and matt had two sandwiches and two cookies.  (we are big eaters!) This place is heavy on the fake stuff like daiya and meat subs also they have cookies, cake slices, and lemon bars and other baked goods that looked super cute, though i didnt try any. the service was fine considering how mobbed the place was, and the prices were reasonable. i'll be back next year for sure when i do the ironman again!
I've been a fan of Strong Hearts Cafe since coming to college at SU in 2010. They have the greatest milkshakes ever! And routinely have really great, interesting sandwiches. I hope that I will visit Syracuse soon so that I can eat there again.
I just waited 30 minutes for two Thai Ice tea. Didn't even get an apologize. All they care about is if the cashier charged me for a second one or not (which I did pay for both). What kind of serving they have.
"Good food for breakfast/lunch. Service can be slow..." When my Vegan grand daughter wanted to come here for a family meal I was not excited because we had eaten here 3 days before and the service to get our food was real slow. We're talking 20+ minutes for simple items on a non busy Thursday night. Not sure why? Food service speed was better when we return Saturday. Great food for Vegan/Vegetarians. Not ideal for dinner, but other meals, include delicious vegan shakes rock. I had the mint chocolate chip shake and it was awesome. I would suggest they add some gluten free breads for their many sandwiches.
Great little cafe, has rockin shakes and something on the menu for just about everyone. Raw food is a little lacking but just hook yourself up with a salad they are great too. The best item on the menu out of the 10 or so things we tried was Ruben, the Mac and potato salads kick butt too. My only complaint on the menu is daiya seems too be a little heavy and placed in dishes that arguably could be better without it. This is not a place you are going to go and be wowed by an  intimate vegan food experience(nor do they advertise it that way). That being said as a traveling vegan I was more then happy to eat here three days in a row, and wouldn't hesitate to go out of my way to stop off in Syracuse so I could hit up strong hearts cafe again.... Excited to get back.
The best vegan restaurant I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot all over the US. Everything I've had on the menu thus far has been incredible. I currently live an hour away in Binghamton and I manage to make up an excuse to go to Syracuse every 2 weeks, when in reality it's so I can go to Strong Hearts. I've been here about 20 times. I have vegan and non vegan friends alike who love the food here. Eating here is enough to turn anyone vegan or vegetarian. The staff is always nice and fun to chat with. The co owner Joel may come off as angry, or like he wants to murder you, but he's a total sweetheart. Portion sizes are filling, and well worth the money. If you come here and grab food for yourself with desert, it comes out to around $10 - $15. If you go on a Friday, they do vegan pizza all day and night. I HIGHLY recommend ordering the alfredo pizza (it goes quick though!), or a bbq tofu with bbq base. If you're going to get one thing here, it should be a shake. They have something like 40 different flavors, AND you can customize your own. You've never had a shake in your life until you've had one of theirs. I recommend the Farm Sanctuary, Butterfinger, or the Roberto Clemente. The only con I can think of is that it can get a little busy sometimes, so you may find yourself waiting for a seat or waiting about 15 - 20 minutes for your food. Bottom line: Affordable prices, amazing food, open until midnight, eat here, you'll be glad you did.
This is a hidden gem!  I never knew it was right next door to my hotel until my hairdresser told me about it.  Every day is a different soup - I have never been disappointed.  Last night was a curry soup with just the right amount of kick.  Last week was a carrot soup - equally tasty.  They were both surprisingly filling. I had a cupcake on a previous visit - it was big with wonderful icing.  The texture is a bit odd but it had a nice flavor.  There is a fun hipster vibe.  You should check it out especially since you can park on the street directly in front most of the time!
Had the cajan seitan sandwich today with the chocolate/peanut butter/banana milkshake.  It was all so good.  Can't wait to be in Syracuse again to stop by.  I took a 30 minute detour today to stop for lunch!  Well worth it.
Came up to Syracuse for a wedding, and ate here every day for three days since it was only a couple of blocks from our hotel. Great place. Notable items are the Jackie Robinson (Blueberry) milkshake, the Reuben (!!), Buffalo Chicken Pizza, and the tofu scrambles. Me and my boyfriend didn't really taste anything that was unexceptional. The service could have been a little speedier, since most of the times we went the place was pretty deserted, but the staff were all pretty friendly. My boyfriend thought the decor was a little lackluster, more like a dive bar than a vegan cafe. But overall, definitely one of our favorite vegan joints. A place like Strong Hearts adds a lot of character to Syracuse.
I just had the roasted veggie with hummus sandwich. It was DELICIOUS!  First time there but won't be the last. I plan on running the menu!!!! Next up quinoa wrap!
I sat in a quiet, mostly empty dining room, at the only table with an order indicator on it, for over 20 minutes. The cashier ignored me as she wiped down some tables. When I inquired about my order, I was informed that the order ticket printer was malfunctioning. I got my order about three minutes later with a side of greens instead of the requested chips. The unnecessary delay was especially painful because I skipped lunch and was having dinner at 9pm. Really thoughtless customer service. Never again tipping before I get my food. The cajun seitan on rye had overpowering flavor, as did the reuben I had three months ago. Someone with a better palate should redo the menu. Milkshakes are still excellent.
I really wanted to like this place! We ordered 3 sandwiches (one left off the avocado I ordered, one was given to me with chips instead of the greens I asked for) and potato salad (which they'd run out of -- that's fine, I got the quinoa salad instead but it was completely flavorless and I couldn't finish it!) As someone who is eating vegan I really appreciate a good dairy free milkshake, and that was the best thing we got. Not to mention the rude (possibly just overworked?) Employees...I won't be returning next time I'm in town.
VEGAN MILKSHAKES! Ok, yes that should be your first item ordered when you walk in the door. I'd suggest an Earth Crisis or Cesar Chavez! My non shake recommendations: TLT on marble rye, "chicken" Caesar salad, tofu scramble, "chicken" salad sandwich & Cajun seitan sandwich! The cupcakes are amazing! I cannot resist the chocolate with peanut butter frosting! If you arrive on Friday pizza night, try a supreme, a breakfast or BBQ "chicken"! This is a vegan restaurant, expect vegan food. No milk, no cheese, no meat. Ya dig? I've been lots of places, I seek out vegan fare in every city and strong hearts is tops! No looking on the menu for a little V that denotes this or that is vegan. No hoping the chef didn't screw up & put cheese on your salad. No wondering "do they even know what vegan means?" IT'S ALL VEGAN!!!!! Rejoice! Devour!!!!
Yes, yes, yes!  Whatever you do, try anything! I agree with all the other reviews, the Ruben is phenomenal... I still think about it (I'm not even a practicing Vegan anymore). Simply delicious. Can't wait to go back again.
If you're looking for health food, Strong Hearts isn't the place for you.  Too often vegan is equated with health food and eating like rabbits.  Strong Hearts Cafe blows this false equivalency out of the water.  Strong Hearts is casual cafe food that pleases vegans and omnivores alike. They've got humungous cupcakes that are just as rich and moist as the classic with an intensely sweet frosting.  For some, the frosting is too sweet to eat alone, so break off the bottom of the cupcake and dip it like a chip. Their milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard, and damn right, they're better than yours.  But seriously, their milkshakes are to die for, and named for inspirational people many of whom have died for what they believe in.  I for one love the Roberto Clemente (Peanut Butter/Oreo). Now that dessert is out of the way, I'll get into the actual food. Their selection is great given the size of the kitchen they're working out of.  Sandwiches now come with a side of chips or greens, and help to make it feel more like a meal.  When it comes to the sandwiches, my favorites include the TLT with pesto, and the reuben.  The reuben is so good, my friend that didn't realize Strong Hearts was vegan asked me how long I had been back eating meat. The weekly specials they've been coming up with lately have been phenomenal, like the philly cheesesteak and the fish n' chips. I've been going to Strong Hearts since they first opened never had a bad experience there.  They know my name when I come in, and it's a great spot to hangout, use the wifi and get some work done for a few hours. My favorite thing about Strong Hearts though is that I don't have to worry about my food, anything ordered will always be vegan.
Great vegan restaurant in a great place. Sort of hard to find but that's y we have maps!
First, let me precipice this review with saying that I'm not a vegan. I was for many years however and I have since transitioned to a strictly dairy-free, minimal meat lifestyle. With that said, this is the type of place everyone can enjoy. Strong Hearts is not your typical vegan restaurant. My husband and I took a day trip to Syracuse and I left him in charge of picking a dinner spot, however I took the lead on our lunch outing. I knew I wanted vegan but finding a place that would please my carnivorous husband would be challenging. After doing some recon I decided on Strong Hearts. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a lunch out so much. I had the most divine latte and the portobello mushroom garlic seitan sandwich with the garden salad. I don't know what came over me but I ate everything on site. Typically such a portion would have been two serving for me but it was so delicious. My husband was equally pleased with his cajun seitan sandwich and did not feel robbed out of anything. My only qualm was the staff. If the food had not been so delicious I would have rated Strong Hearts a 2 at best. The menu is huge and the two girls working up front were aloof and unwelcoming- I asked a question and got a ho-hum one word answer. They were not busy and there were multiple tables open, all of which were covered in crumbs and empty coffee cups. My husband and I had to bus our own table while they just stood behind the counter. When our food was brought to us we were not asked if we needed anything etc. The food was set down by a girl without even a smile or a hello. I worked in the service industry for eight years and good customer service is what keeps people coming back.  Otherwise your customer base could purchase seitan and vegan cheese at the grocer's and recreate a similar meal at home with the help of their panini press.  Resting on your laurels and your "uniqueness" is not enough, especially when you are advocating such a great lifestyle/diet  that is intimidating to many people. The friendliness quotient could definitely be improved upon.
I have hit vegan heaven!! Yum yum. We tried the Tofurky Club, instantly brought me back to childhood memories of this classic (full of meat of course, boo!) The dill potato salad is  good as well. My carnivorous boyfriend tried the "chicken" salad, he loved it! We also tried the "John Brown" milkshake and were pleasantly surprised. We are on our way to Buffalo, knowing nothing about Syracuse, I'm so happy we went a little out of our way to try this super delicious place.
Ugh, I love this place and I wish I could spend all my money here. Oh, so they opened up a location in Marshall Square Mall. Well then, wishes do come true! Their milkshakes are excellent. Try the Albert Einstein--pumpkin and espresso. Delicious. The other day I tried out their new location and got a kale salad. Easily one of the best salads I've had in my life. I'd definitely get it again! If you can, make your way to the Gennessee location. It's cozier, the selections are better, and the atmosphere is right. I can't wait to try the pumpkin cheesecake. Oh, and everything else on their menu.
We were in Syracuse for the weekend.  We absolutely made it a mission to fit Strong Hearts Cafe into our weekend plans.  By far, the best meal we had all weekend.  We both ate the BBQ Tempeh sandwiche.  Absolutely delicious.  Made fresh with quality ingredients and such a 'to-die-for' flavor combination.  The BBQ sauce is just sweet enough to compliment the grilled onions.  We were so hungry when we walked in, we ordered the quinoa and lentil salad as an additional side.  Way too much food.  We ended up taking the salad to go so that we could make room for the blueberry cupcake with mint frosting.  We have died and gone to vegan heaven folks.  What a great experience and establishment.  I wish there was more vegan love in Syracuse.  Luckily for Strong Hearts Cafe, there is not--they have a killer business!
I come here as often as I can - at least once a week, if for nothing more than a muffin or cupcake on my way home from work. It may be impossible to pick a favorite item off the menu, but one of my main weaknesses here is the chicken salad sandwich... or any milkshake... and their soups are awesome... nope I can't pick one!
I am not vegan but do struggle with food allergies including dairy. A vegan placed seemed like a good bet. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in customizing my meal to eliminate gluten and nightshades as well. I had the portobello salad and soup. DIVINE with a great house dressing. It has a very casual college feel.
SYRACUSE - Totally vegan cafe. Long list of sandwiches. Dwight didn't love the grilled cheese, but the chickpea salad was great and so was the chipotle potato salad. Soooo many milkshake options and baked goods too. John Brown! Definitely a good lunch stop on the road.
I came here while staying at a hotel next door. Don't usually eat at vegan spots, but it was walking distance. I had the BLT and macaroni salad. Macaroni salad was nothing special, tastes same as any other place. BLT was interesting b/c it was soy bacon which I never heard of or ever tasted. It also had sprouts which I never had in a BLT. It didn't taste anything like bacon, but it was actually pretty good and I would order it again. They have a decent menu with milkshakes and even vegan ice cream. I would go back to try their milkshakes.
Who would have guessed you'd find a place like this in Syracuse? The menu is all vegan, but you don't notice at first because the variety is great. The reuben sandwich is amazing. The chocolate shake is as well -- my partner got one and I wished I had gotten one as well for our continuing road trip afterwards. I am not a Syracuse local, but will make sure to come back here next time I'm in the area. It may well be my favorite sandwich place in the world right now! Tips: -For kids, they have toy kits in tupperware. -Yes, you want a shake -Open late
So good! I travel for business and sometimes even vegans want some junk food. Thank goodness I found Strong Hearts Cafe. I particularly like the tofurky club, which is HUGE, there is always some left over. Also the chicken caesar and TLT are great.  I didn't love all the sandwiches, but I do love that they have such a variety that I was able to go once a week and always have something new to try. Their prices are great - I can get a gigantic sandwich and one of their ridiculously tasty cupcakes for $13 or so.   I've never stayed to eat, so I'm not sure about the service.  I like to pick up my treats and gorge myself in the privacy of my hotel room. I am so very glad this restaurant exists. Why can't there be one in my hometown?
The L. and I had but one chance to eat in Syracuse and serendipitously we found via yelp this great vegan eatery, Strong Hearts Cafe. Found meaning we were (he was!) clever enough to see that it was not visible from the street and is housed inside a historic building de Syracuse. We knew we had to get the milkshakes based on other yelpers' reviews. And they were right! I had the deluxe chocolate chip mint one, the Bobby Sands. It was out of this world. It was super thick, loaded with mintalicious flavor and chocolatey specks and the fact that no lady cow teats were injured in the process was priceless! Now that's some good shake! One needs some strong facial muscles for those... ;))) I had the Chickpea Salad Sandwich (not hummus!) and The L. had the Reuben. He said it was the best Reuben he ever had. I would have tried his but I was too busy stuffing my face. ;))) We ordered two cupcakes to go, as if we did not have enough sugar with the milkshakes. The Lemon Poppy cupcake was amazing. The Carrot Cake cupcake was a little crumbly but overall had good flavor. Dining at a place like Strong Hearts only makes me lament that we do not have somewhere like this close to where we live. I would be there All The Time. But what is 250 miles for some awesome fare? Just a pretty car ride through some scenic bits of Upstate NY. youtube.com/watch?v=jqpA…
I just love the fact Syracuse has a vegan place! I'd love it if it's a cuter place to hang out. The building it's in that also has a yoga place and a massage school is a lovely brick building with tons of character. But inside the Strong Hearts Cafe seating area it seems bit like a run down pub. Maybe it's because I dint go when there are interesting patrons there. Also I second the other reviewer who said the cafe was cold. I kept my jacket on the entire time I ate. I've had the tofu scrambled egg style, mint chocolate chip milkshake TLT (tofu lettus tomato), Chicken Salad sandwich and veggie pizza. Tofu scramble was interesting, it is scrambled egg style but it's still tofu with some veggies in it. It's a little spicy. It was ok. Mint Chocolate chip milkshake was perfectly delicious! You can choose toppings on your pizzas, I told my girlfriend you won't have a heart attack with this pizza because it's not real cheese. I'm not sure if she believed me. I wasn't a fan of the crust though, it's not the thin kind, more like personal pan pizza type but kind of dry. TLT is delicious! I am thinking of making it, you could never believe how a slice of tofu would be good as a sandwich but it's really really good! And same goes for Chicken Salad sandwich. Friday night I found out was a pizza night and they only served pizzas. And it was packed. Our pizzas took about 30 minutes. My only thought is that they should have more vegetable based items on the menu. I'm surprised that there are no kale anywhere on the menu. I guess this makes it easier for new vegans and vegetarians to accept. But I prefer not to eat that much soy products. And if you don't eat more plant based diet it's not healthy even if you eat vegan. Yes I know I sound like the earth lady but that's just what I thought when I looked at their menu. So it would be wonderful if they offer more items with steamed veggies. And then I wouldn't feel bad slurping on one of their delicious milkshakes!
If I was judging this place solely on milkshakes, then I would give it a 5 with no hesitation. However, there are other things that prevent me from doing this. I will start by saying that the first time I came to Strong Hearts, I had the best milkshake of my life (vegan or non vegan). It was a Chocolate Mint milkshake that tasted like liquid peppermint patty cake. It was thick, chocolately, minty, and delicious. The second time I went, I got the Chocolate Chip Mint one. It has a vanilla base but was still equally as amazing. If you go here you MUST get a milkshake. You are probably now wondering why I would give this place a 3 after that review of their milkshakes. The reason is that the milkshakes are about the only thing I can really say they did completely right. My first time there was pizza night. Me and my five friends ordered three different pizzas. There was a tofu and pesto one, a buffalo chicken one, and the italiano. We waited more than an HOUR AND A HALF to get our pizzas, which is completely unacceptable. The kitchen is obviously not suited to be pushing out pizzas and it seems like a huge mistake that they would have a night where all they serve is pizza. If they want to do that, I would suggest they would get a bigger location with a nice large pizza oven. Everyone at the table was hoping that at least the wait would be worth it, but it really wasn't. I am pretty sure they used FROZEN pre-fabricated dough for the pizza. The crust was hard and crunchy and not tasty at all. As for the toppings, I did like the buffalo chicken pizza, but it was a bit overwhelming because they used hot sauce for sauce. The italiano was pretty good and standard. The tofu pesto one was pretty okay. I was very disappointed with the pizza, though. Especially because I have had much better fresh vegan pizza that didn't even take half that long to make at 3 Brothers Pizzeria in Rockville Centre, NY. My second time there I got a chicken salad sandwich. It was very bland and forgettable. It just didn't taste like anything. I was just completely disappointed with the food. My advice to anyone coming here is to just come for the milkshakes and maybe the pastries. I didn't have any of the pastries but my friends loved them. Sorry Strong Hearts! I have really high standards for vegan food.
I'm sorry I didn't realize with my soba noodle salad and chicken sandwich I ordered a side of sass.   My partner and I being from the west coast were excited to see a vegan cafe in upstate new york.  The food was good, better than the fast food surrounding the area, but the staff was a little unfriendly.
I used to rave about Stronghearts to my friends but after going there for the past two years, I've noticed some recurring things that greatly devalue my experiences there. First off, if these reviews were just based on the food, I'd give it a 4. It's really good for a vegan restaurant and the milkshakes are awesome. I've only ever ordered a peanut butter cupcake in terms of desserts, but I wasn't that impressed. The frosting held all the flavor while the cupcake itself tasted bland. I really like the big cook/guy who brings food to the table but the attitude of the usual guy at the register is very uncouth and makes for a very uncomfortable ordering experience. Also, every time a friend or I order a regular milkshake as opposed to a deluxe shake, we still get charged $5 (as opposed to the $4.60 for the regular milkshake). I know 40 cents isn't much, but I just find it completely  unsettling that they try to swindle people like this. I used to think it was just an honest mistake since they have so many milkshakes, but this has happened to me every time I order a regular milkshake. On another note, despite the cozy interior, I always feel uncomfortable eating there because the tables always seem to be sticky. I can't even wipe off the table with a napkin because the napkin sticks to the table. Overall, food good, atmosphere bad. I don't like bashing on local food places but I feel that improvements could be made.
This place had come highly recommended from all of my vegan friends. I'm not vegan myself or even vegetarian but I do enjoy eating alternatives when they are presented well. However I wasn't very impressed here. The menu is very limited and simple, consisting of mostly sandwiches and salads.  There aren't really any meat alternatives offered other than tofurky, veggie ham slices, and soy bacon.  They focus more on tofu, seitan and tempeh as substitutes. So I guess it just depends on your preference. But because I like the taste of meat and dairy I enjoy it when a vegan restaurant offers something that is close in taste but cruelty free. I know a lot of people who are the opposite and don't want to taste something similar to meat. Judging by the HUGE selection, it seems that the most popular item they serve are milkshakes. I expected given the popularity that they would taste a little better. I ordered the Ann Hansen (strawberry). The consistency was correct but it was chalky and just reminded me of drinking a myoplex. The food is pricey for stuff you could easily make at home but the hours are great.
Hearty and delicious are two words most people would not associate with Vegan food, but that's the best way to describe the food from Strong Hearts. We loved it. Our omnivore friends were happy, too. The milkshakes were especially popular. This place knocks it out of the park. I wish there was a cafe like this in every town.
I stopped Strong Hearts Cafe for lunch one day when I was in Syracuse. I was excited for an all vegan restaurant. The menu looked fantastic. I ordered a sandwich and a shake. Unfortunately, I found myself waiting 32 minutes for what turned out to be somewhat of a disaster of a sandwich. At no point was I warned that there would be a long wait to get my sandwich. No one acknowledged or apologized for the 32 minute wait to get a sandwich. There seemed to be at least 4 people working and there weren't even very many people in the restaurant.  It would appear, at least from my experience, that the preparation of every sandwich takes between 25 minutes and the rest of your life. My sandwich was supposed to be BBQ'ed tempeh. but turned out to be flavorless (raw?) tempeh covered in dyia cheese. I personally hate dyia cheese. And the whole thing exploded when I tried to eat it. Which I'm sure I would have taken in stride if I hadn't just waited 32 minutes for it. I'm very torn here. Typically, making me wait over 30 minutes for a sandwich would earn you less than three yelp stars. However... vegan milkshakes happened. The milkshakes were so good I actually came back 2 days later when I was driving through Syracuse, just to get another milkshake. I'm 100% certain I will eat here again. Just be warned that you might have to leave mid-meal to feed your parking meter.
Tofu scramble on Sunday afternoon was delicious. Spicy and filling. I should say first I'm not a vegan but I like the food adventure. Probably the best we're the shakes ... Mocha mmm.
I ate at Strong Hearts three times while in Syracuse for business. And as others have said, the milkshakes and baked goods are worth the price of admission alone. The sandwiches - I had the TLT and Cajun seitan - were tasty and the bread perfectly crisped, almost like a panini. My only misgiving was that most options contained faux mayo and/or cheese. Some of us are vegan because we don't like the taste of dairy, after all! Strong Hearts' atmosphere is almost like a grungy coffee shop - with limited seating. It's located on a nondescript city street, two doors down from a hotel. Signage isn't very clear for passerby.
An all vegan, relatively priced,  late-night restaurant, two-doors down from my hotel was simply too good to be true. I ordered the citrus salad with added chickn, and let me tell you NEVER again! The chickn tasted like deep fried salted rubber. A workout for the gums to say the least. My grandpa  couldn't have taken even the smallest bite out of that chickn without his dentures falling out of his mouth. It couldn't even be cut up into small bites because it was a rubbery mess. I broke three plastic knives in the process. The so-called "citrus" dressing was a small container of guey sugar water that made my greens soggy and overly sweet. No flavor notes or layers. Blah, bland. What a disappointment. I was so traumatized, that even though I had told myself I would give them another shot the next day and  try ordering something else from their menu, I just couldn't bring myself to going back there. They got the salad wrong, the dressing wrong, and that chickn!!!! No wonder non-vegans think vegans are crazy, I'd think we were crazy too if I thought we ate rubber for protein!!! The reason I am even giving this place two stars is because the service was good. The guys that worked there were friendly and they had kombucha.
The food and service was alright. Breakfast is served all day with is awesome. Plate presentation was nice. You bus your own table, which means they don't really get wiped down between customers. So I thought it was kind of gross when the server dropped all of our forks on our viably dirty table. It was also freezing cold in there. every guest ate with their coat on. But overall, being one of the only strictly vegan place in Syracuse, it was pretty good.
Tofu scramble- how I wish I could pay these guys to make it for me every morning. The "milkshakes" are like heaven and taste like the real thing. The names of each flavor are fun too. They use environmentally friendly supplies as well. Parking is a little tricky here sometimes, but well worth it. Please open a location in south Florida!
Very yummy, and somewhat messy.  When the food is so good that saying it can be messy is a good thing, you know it's some really good stuff! I had a roasted veggie sandwich, and a green salad.  Both were so good, I can't wait to get back and have something more.  I got a bite of my girlfriends sandwich, a chickpea salad.  For those who don't know, think tuna salad, but with chickpeas and vegan.  It was good too! I followed it up with a s'mores cupcake, which was tasty, but painfully sweet.  I think I'll stick with the savory items, unless I can share the dessert with someone- just a little too sugary for my tooth.
Here's the thing: I'm no vegan. There's nothing I love more on a summer day than ripping into a preservative-filled, sodium laden hot dog made of only the finest cow lips and buttholes. However, I pretty much dig Strong Hearts because of their friendly staff, incredible milkshakes, decent food and great atmosphere. The only downside of the place is that it gets a bit...preachy. I'm all for veganism. I even dated a few fine vegans. However, do I want to look at PETA literature while I order my John Brown milkshake? Probably not. And do you have to glare at me for wearing leather boots on the coldest day in winter? No, you really don't. But the only downsides are very, very marginal. The food is pretty great (though anywhere with tons of seitan for me to gobble up without apology is great in my book) and the milkshakes named after heroes of social justice (of course, vegans) are the greatest I've ever had. I'm all about you, Strong Hearts, but I want you to want me.
Okay, and then I went back several times and got their portobello salad (small) and a cup of their sweet potato chili (less than $8 total). Filling, but the portobello was overwhelming (although most would say that's a good thing). The dressing (I don't quite remember what it was...balsamic, I'm assuming) was too tangy for me. I still remember the taste. And the soup was too tangy as well. Just a bad balance (which was my fault). I also tried their pizza on a Friday night (the smallest size fed three not-so-hungry people). Around ~$15-16. DEFINITELY not worth it. We got one of their popular ones. Sorry I don't remember. All I know was that the dough was crap. Like a thick cracker. Oh mother of heaven. But I am craving their green tea milkshake. Even though I never order it.
I'm not sure why I haven't written a review before now, but honestly at least one meal a week  in my household of vegetarians and carnivores comes from SH. Many years of yum. The food is fantastic and it is consistent. That's important to me. I'm like monk with my BLTs. I feel like eating here is an easy way to add to my greening lifestyle.  It's on the way home for the hubs to grab dinner after work, or lunch if its a short day, and its Vegan. Hello chickpea sandwich, today we save the world! Well I do feel pretty ambitious after I eat one. Maybe that's the Harriet Tubman talking, milk shake supreme. My husband loves it, my nearly 2yr old eats  a chicken salad sandwich like a pit bull on crack, my teenage super picky, whiney, we can't have meat in the house carnivores request the meat lovers pizza, oh and of course both of my babies received so many SH cupcakes in utero that I am convinced that is why they are both such sweet sweet nuggets.   If you're local, holy god what are you waiting for? If you're passing through, stop in because you can't miss this tasty treat! Oh, I do dine in occasionally.  It's a nice cafe, clean, inviting and I always look forward to the musical selection. Fun times.
Great place. Lots of great sandwiches (with  salads and other sides) and of course a big range of vegan milkshakes. Largely self-service, which I usually prefer.   You order and pay, then wait for your food. Excellent vegan chicken salad sandwich. Casual atmosphere, conveniently expansive hours, and when we were there, the customers included college kids,   artsy and punk types, middle-of-the-road people (like me I guess) and even  people in their sixties! They must be doing something right to attract such a broad range of people.
A 100% vegan cafe in downtown Syracuse, this place does not mess around. Let me make a confession: I'm not vegan. I'm not even vegetarian. Despite all that, I still love coming here despite the fact that won't serve me any regular milk for my coffee (I'm not a fan of soy-milk). The food is great. My favorite is probably the "chicken" sandwich, whatever substitutes they use for everything tastes delicious. The smoothies are fantastic (with tons of options) and they use organic fair-trade coffee. They have free wifi and a very no-frills setting. It's simple, but it works. I'd like to see a little more character to this place with its choice of decorations. As of now, it's not very enticing to lounge here. There's a small little "park" across the street with a water-fountain and some benches. It's not really grandiose, but it can be nice to grab some drinks and food and sit out there, especially if you're on a date. Overall, Syracuse should be proud of a successful 100% vegan cafe. This city is small, yet this cafe lives on and has stuck to its principles for the 5+ years in operation. Even as an omnivore, I'm proud. Way to stick to your guns!
I have been living in Boston for the past 4 years, where there seem to be plenty of vegan friendly places.  This place by far kicks all their asses.  They serve really amazing, simple and creative food that satisfies and is affordable.  Their space is really chill, and the music is always on point.   I am seriously addicted to the seitan sandwich on marble rye.  So good.   Thanks for obviously caring about what you guys do.  It shows. ... And for filling a void in Syracuse, without being cocky shits about it.
I live in Northern California, a mecca of Vegan food. My mom took me to Strong Hearts last winter - EXCELLENT vegan. I was really impressed. Ordered really yummy, very filling sandwiches. Strong Hearts Cafe is a great way to "break into" vegan or  vegetarian meals. I hope Syracusians take note!
I have to say, this place is really great. I was a vegetarian for quite a while in Minneapolis and I would have given anything to find a place like this. That being said, KM is right in saying that vegan substitutes taste strange if you aren't used to eating them. I took my fiancee here (strict carnivore) and he didn't like the food nearly as much as I did. I also like the open kitchen, which looks very clean. Overall, this is just about as good as it gets for vegans/vegetarians in Syracuse.
I showed up on an evening, I think it was Friday or Saturday and they were only really serving vegan pizza. That would have been great, but I'm allergic to wheat. The only options I was able to enjoy were the dill potato salad and the pumpkin soy shake. The potato salad was a little on the raw side--the potatoes needed to be cooked for a bit longer (or maybe I just like my potatoes mushy?). The milkshake was delicious, but so rich! I would suggest not getting anything other than a small, unless you have a huge sugar tooth.  I want to try out the tofu scramble. I will definitely be back again. Everyone there is super nice and it's so great to be at a completely vegan establishment! Oh, and they have free wifi!
I went to the University location.  The chicken burger was great, it was a well seasoned patty (tofu) on a nice roll. It tasted like orginal recipe KFC, the spicing was spot on.  The milkshake was a little sweet, even for a milkshake but otherwise delicious with no dairy after effects.  The letdown was the kale soup with garbanzos.  It had no seasoning I could taste.  I understand about not salting, I'm used to very little salt but it needed onions, garlic, spices, something. Counter people were great.
This place makes the best "milk" shakes I have ever had in my life.  Do not be scared off by it being vegan.  I know that might give some people pause.  The taste and texture is spot on but the lack of dairy actually makes for a much more pleasant experience.  I never got that heavy dairy feeling like I could not possibly eat one more drop. I have also tried the pizza here which I believe they only do on Friday nights.  We had the Hawaiian and I was not too impressed.  I didn't really enjoy the texture of the soy cheese and the fake ham wasn't so great either.  I know other people that swear by the pizza night though so I'll give it another try sometime. But seriously... go get a milkshake.  You will not be disappointed!
Friendly staff and super good food.  It smells so good when you walk in.   The milkshakes are big!  I was expecting them to be smaller, but they were actually a really good size.  Definitely worth the $5 or so price. And breakfast at all hours - how can you beat that?
Not open Mondays nights (oh wait, comment: "The cafe is open from 8am to 6pm on Monday. The hours haven't been changed since we opened" - says owner), when I walked by, which is unfortunate since my vegan friend and I have play-writiing classes at Syracuse Stage. I'll give four stars after my second round again. I went with fellow Yelper (Elizabeth L.) and a vegan friend simply because I craved vegetarian/vegan style food. I really liked the cafe. The atmosphere is friendly and relaxing - there's a lot of space for comfortable seating and an extensive menu. Plus, good music selection that's not blazingly loud. The hours are long, although its far from campus... So I got a grilled veggies sandwich, but I was kind of disappointed with it. It was basically tomatoes and lettuce - didn't even have decent peppers in it :( - I just looked on the online and that had the exact details, but I decently remember nothing was written when I was there - anyway the veggies weren't exactly grilled, it was extremely soggy. By the time I had my second half, everything was falling apart and the bread was basically wet. But the green tea milkshake was delicious. It was creamy and so fulfilling. I dream of the milkshake here - I can't wait to try their crazy amount of flavors.
Just because it's an all Vegan Cafe, doesn't mean the food is guilt free cause the looks of the cup cakes and all the shakes are tempting as hell. SHC really did surprise me actually and I knew this place was different when I read a review of the PB&J French toast... and I'm a full sucka/snob for french toast. The plus is that there's parking around the place, cause alot of good spots don't have it that good. The setting is pretty ok, mixed in with a few more business and when I stepped in, it was busy but clean and often the two don't match well. So I tested the PB&J French toast which I now claim that as my top 3 best types of french toast that i've ever tasted. The fact that no additional sugar was added and you can taste the major players of the dish separate is a grand. Next I needed salt so I had the TLT with advocado sandwhich... which I claimed plush to bite into and found an appreciation to alfalfa sprouts. All in all... when I'm back in the neighborhood, this will be my go to spot Damn, and sadly I didn't dabble in the shakes but alot of people where ordering it up and they all good so that says it all, plus they are creative with their combinations
Strong Hearts is a Vegan-only cafe, NOT vegetarian.  Why do I note the difference?  If you're not used to having soy cheese, soy-based mayo/pesto, etc., then this may be a surprise for you.  Got two sandwiches - the BLT and the TLT.  The TLT had marinated tofu which was quite tasty.  The BLT's soy bacon was so tough that it was hard to chew.  Soy-based mayo has an odd consistency that sort of ruined the yummy bread and fresh veggies that were on both sandwiches. The sandwiches were generous in size and we tried the Creamy Dill potato salad, which was tasty and didn't have any weird consistencies.  Next time, I'll stick to salads, etc. or things that are more naturally vegan.  I'd been looking forward to trying this place for a while because of the excellent reviews, and I was underwhelmed.  The sandwiches seemed fine, but my stomach was unsettled for 24 hours afterwards probably because of the pesto and soy-mayo and soy-cheese. It's still great that there's a vegan-only cafe in Syracuse.  And I bet the baked goods were tasty.  The staff weren't super-friendly, and the tables needed to be cleaned.  I am not a vegan or a vegetarian, but eat vegetarian quite often.  Strong Hearts is worth a try, especially for Vegans in Central NY.
I've been to Strong Hearts twice and both experiences were quite good.   My fav so far is the mushroom garlic seitan sandwich -- lots of veggies and some seriously good tasting seitan.   My dining partners had some other sandwiches and were quite pleased. But most importantly, save room for dessert.  The cupcakes and cookies are totally awesome!
I just started working in the area and wanted to try out a couple of places nearby that I could recommend to people when they asked me where to go, so we decided to check out Strong Hearts to start off. I had never eaten a vegan meal before so we jumped right in, having the reuben, chicken salad sandwich, chipotle potato salad, cole slaw and a pumpkin/cinnamon cupcake for dessert. The reuben, which is my favorite sandwich of all time held up superbly against any meat version of it I have ever eaten. The salads were perfectly made, with fresh ingredients that are served at a great chilled temperature. The cupcake frosting I tasted while waiting for our order had me worried that it might have been too sweet, but that was alleviated when biting into it as a whole. The cake portion was a perfect balance to the frosting and really ended an already great meal on a strong note. The Cafe itself is a nice relaxing space that is well decorated with plenty of things on the walls to take in. They are having some kind of issue with milkshakes right now, so I didn't get to try one but that just gives me a good reason to keep going back.
I am not a vegan, not a vegetarian...but loved the Cajun Zeitan(sp?) sandwich.  It was amazing.  Great bread, zesty cheese and sauce, crunchy veggies balanced meat substitute.  Amazing!  I just may be a convert.  Only drawback: 20 mins to make a sandwich.
Is it the reuben I'd ask for on my death bed?  Hell no.  However, what they're doing at this place is nothing short of amazing.  I really love meat, but if I could make a reuben facsimile like this, I really think I could/would go vegan.  The potato salad was damn good too. The peoplewatching alone is probably worth the price of admission.  They have a milkshake named after Earth Crisis, but they play the Mountain Goats on the boombox.  You're gonna see some people that look like they are at a hardcore show in 2001, and you're going to see some people that look like they are at an indie rock show in 2002.  Dig.
I enjoyed Strong Hearts but didn't actually love it. I was just visiting Syracuse so I only tried one meal here. I had really high expectations - mostly because I had just ordered lunch at the hotel next door when I found Strong Heart. I couldn't eat lunch at a hotel restaurant when there was a Vegan place next door so I had a few bites of lunch, paid the tab and walked over to Strong Hearts. I ordered the Spicy Tofu Scramble and an OJ. The scramble was very spicy - I know spicy is a matter of taste but I'd find it hard to think this level was average. The tofu was "egg" style and there was little else but the tofu. The service was friendly and they went out of there way to make sure I and everyone else was well taken care of. So while my meal wasn't perfect for me, I suspect if I had the opportunity to go back, I'd be happy.
Every time my hubby and I head back to Syracuse to visit our families, we curse Strong Hearts for not opening when we still lived upstate. This place runs with the best of NYC places like Foodswings and Atlas. The milkshake menu is ridiculous. Creative, brilliant, delicious. The baked goods are fresh, HUGE and CHEAP! Best vegan waffles I've ever had, and they make a mean vegan-ranch dressing. Again, I CURSE YOU Strong Hearts for not being open three years ago. My only other complaint is that it's a little chilly in there (bring a cardigan if you intend to drink your weight in banana milkshakes).
Strong Hearts is a breath of fresh air in a city with depressingly few good restaurants. Coming from Los Angeles, I never in my life expected I would find one of the best vegan cafes I have ever been to, so let's just say I am impressed! So far I have had: Basic Tofu Scramble: A delicious, filling breakfast item that satisfied my craving for scrambled eggs. Full on flavor and texture with grilled peppers and onions, plus a great seasoning to top it off "Chicken" Salad Sandwich: A nice take on the classic chicken salad sandwich, and a flavor I haven't had in years. Very good. Cajun Seitan Sandwich: MY FAVORITE. Utterly delicious, perfect level of spiciness, and a hearty crunch of flavor. The seitan has a great flavor to it, and the cajun flavor is amazing. Ken Saro-Wiwa (peanut butter, banana, chocolate shake): Best shake I have ever had. Tasty, creamy, sweet, and delicious, and all that without an ounce of dairy. The only thing on the menu I have been disappointed with is the Eggs Benetricked. The mock hollandaise sauce they used had too much flavor added for me, with the tartness and spice overwhelming what should be a savory dish. Strong Hearts is a hidden gem in little downtown Syracuse, and one of the reasons I am happy to have spent the summer here.
Are you kidding? Some people on Yelp are a little too sensitive and maybe should stay home and eat a frozen pizza or something. Strong Hearts is the best place to eat in Syracuse. If you are Vegan/Veg you HAVE to eat here. Its awesome. The owner is a..... nice guy.... I guess. But whatever. The food rules!
This place is the BEST. All vegan. Prices are decent. Atmosphere is laid back. Free wifi is a plus! I had the Tofurkey sandwich, deeeelish! You get to add tons of toppings for free!  I also had the Roberto Clemente milkshake (peanut butter and oreo), it was sooo good. I'm NOT a vegan, but I really enjoy vegan food, sometimes I find it not only tastes the same as non-vegan food, but even better! I also thought this place was fairly cheap for such great and fresh food. The milkshake was $5, I think the sandwich was $5.50. I'm here for a few days and will DEFINITELY be back for breakfast tomorrow morning!
I've been a fan of Strong Hearts since Joel and Nick opened for business in 08'.  The best Vegan restaurant in Syracuse and one of my favorites in any city.   Thanks so much for being here; your passion for serving up healthy, nutritious, and incredibly tasty food and your commitment to protecting the environment is awesome.  It's a sure bet you'll see us here when visiting from ATL.  100 % Vegan | 100% Delicious!
I was in the area this weekend since it's a couple of blocks from the hotel we were at, and one of my friends found it somehow. We stopped in to grab milkshakes one night, and it was so good. The names of the shakes were awesome (I wound up with a Geronimo - peanut butter), and the shakes themselves were equally awesome. You can taste the difference the soy milk makes, but instead of being weird, it actually adds something to the shake. The atmosphere was really chill (though maybe not necessarily the metal that was playing) and unique - the consensus amongst my friends was that this kind of place is exactly what our college campus needs. Our school seems to lack any eatery with real character (or tasty vegetarian/vegan options, for that matter), and I really wish Strong Hearts (or at least something like it) was closer by than a 6-hour drive. Luckily for me, I'll be returning to the Syracuse area for the summer, so I'll definitely be going back for another milkshake or twenty.
This cafe is fantastic! When I was vegan in High school I used to always come here for a bite to eat with my mom - to convince her that vegan food didn't have to be awful. Their "Chicken Salad" sandwich is much better than any of the meat equivalent I've had! A word of warning though - the milkshakes add up quickly so be careful offering to cover the tab.
Great "chicken" ceasar salad and reuben. Loves! everything about this place
First, the Malcolm X milkshake was a.w.e.s.o.m.e. What a charming little place, well located in a building that hosts a massage therapy school and yoga studio. A friend and I were driving back  from Ontario and saw that Syracuse had a vegan joint with an appealing and affordable looking menu.  We originally planned to stop there on the way up, taking advantage of their generous hours (open 'til 2 am Friday nights!).  Alas, we got into Syracuse around 1 am and were pretty wiped... still needing to find a hotel. We did get there on the way back, and it was worth it.  We got a couple of sandwiches (the Ruben and the chicken salad).  The chicken salad was pressed, with lettuce, tomato, and onion. The filling was by no means a double for fleshy chicken salad, but had its own charm and was bountiful in quantity. The Ruben was on "buttered" rye toast, with saurkraut, 1000 islands dressing, melted daiya, and several slices of tofurkey.  It was certainly tasty, and satisfying, though they could benefit from soaking the tofurkey slides in some sort of pastrami flavored brine of which you can find recipes for Real Food Daily and other vegan cookbooks. The milkshake deserves its own paragraph. I was expecting to be disappointed by a vegan milkshake, but found it frosty, thick, rich in chocolaty flavor with nice flavoring of cherry as well.  There are definitely a couple of others I'd love to try. The staff was a bunch of young punks, who I don't always find too helpful/attentive but the counter boy was friendly and informative when we asked his opinion on milkshakes. I would be totally happy to have a place like this closer to me, and will surely make an effort to come by when (if) I'm passing through Syracuse again.
NO MILK for your coffee.... I get it, you're vegan, but cmon.... I need milk in my damn coffee
VEGAN MILKSHAKES O MY GOD. But really, the food here is usually pretty good. If you're vegan, you will be floored by the variety of things you can choose. I'm sure there is a steep overhead on novelty vegan ice cream, but seriously, $5 for a small milkshake is kind of ridiculous. I would say most of the food is pretty expensive, and don't get me started on parking, but I would NOT miss this place if you're vegan, it's about the best you'll find in Syracuse. Recommend the spicy tofu scramble or the pb&j french toast.
My first reaction was:  "whattttttt? a vegan joint in Syracuse?!  nah, can't be any good!".  I live in California.  In the Bay Area.  Where more food is vegan than not & I've had my fair share of vegan meals.  So when it comes to vegan food, and being that I'm also NOT vegan, I get kind of picky. That being said, the milkshake that I had at Strong Hearts cafe was perhaps the best milkshake I have ever had, vegan or not.  I forget the name but it was pumpkin & oreo & it was oh so delicious.  I also had the PB&J french toast, also scrumptious.  And although the cupcakes were beckoning me the entire time, after having PB&J french toast & a milkshake for breakfast, it was food coma time & I couldn't try anything else.
Great atmosphere. Delicious baked goods. Friendly staff. Quick service. Only thing that threw me off was that I came expecting amazing milkshakes as so many people said to me and the one I got (green tea) was just way way too sweet. My other friend got the pina colada shake and it was also overbearingly sweet. Otherwise, this place is awesome and stands for awesome ideals, so check it out & make sure to have something savory to go with the shake!
Strong Hearts Cafe is probably the best restaurant in Syracuse. I'm not vegan, but I would rather eat Strong Hearts' vegan food than any non-vegan food.  It really is incredible.  I can't tell you how many times I've been there because every time I'm home from college, I eat at Strong Hearts at least 3 times a week.  I currently live around Los Angeles and I can honestly say I haven't found a single restaurant I like in LA as much as I like Strong Hearts. My personal favorite: a BLT with avocado on wheat plus a cupcake (the mint chocolate chip ones are incredible!).  My best friend has tried nearly every kind of milkshake they serve and, having sneaked sips from hers, I can say that they're all great--especially the peanut butter and chocolate.  Also, on Fridays when they serve just pizza, I strongly recommend the spicy chicken one.  Totally great. The owners have extremely ethical business practices, which only adds to how fantastic this place is.  So, go to Strong Hearts.  It's a business that definitely deserves support.
Strong Hearts is our favorite resaurant, now.  We had heard about Strong Hearts for a  while (of course...rave reviews) from friends.  Little did we know that we would be working in the same building and now find that we can't keep ourselves out of there. Seriously, each member of our family has their favorite menu item.  Mine is the chickpea salad sandwich on marbled rye bread.  My mouth waters even as I write this.  One of our sons thinks he's found paradise in restaurant heaven. He has a dairy allergy and this is the first restaurant that he has been able to go to and order anything he wants from the menu.  His favorite "egg trick muffin"; that is besides the "milk" shakes in flavors too numerous to remember. We also love Friday night pizza night. Check their menu out as they offer many delicious combinations! Soups are all crave worthy,too.  Pumpkin Curry, is a must have!   The other thing that is great about Strong Hearts is their commitment to being gentle on the enviornment.  You've got to love that.  The staff is very low key as is the whole vibe or the cafe.  Vegan or not, the food is great.  Our clients also love the cafe and many of them make their way downstairs after their salon visit. What else can I say? It's delish!
Usually when I visit my family and home town I eat a lot of Asian and Alto Cinco.  Thank you, Strong Hearts, for giving me options.  The price is right, food is great and the desserts are really something special.  My omnivore little brothers love it.  They are also open late so I can eat a square meal as soon as I get off the plane.  The service was friendly when I went and I hope they maintain it because we vegans need all the PR help we can get. Keep up the good work!
After living in NYC for a while now and being surrounded by loads of vegan options, Strong Hearts is still my first love. When I went home a few weeks ago to visit, my parents brought me there before bringing me to the airport. I have always been in love with the agave mustard dressing and have to order a salad with every visit just so I can enjoy it. Also high on my list of yumminess are the BLT, TLT, waffles, french toast.. mmm and the milkshakes. I have yet to taste better vegan milkshakes. I ordered the Rueben and hot Apple Cider last time and they were both delicious. I love the atmosphere of this place, it is so laid back and relaxing. The prices are good as is the service (as long as they're not super busy).
Nice Vegan options. Shake list is superb. Friend and I went for lunch (complete with sandwiches, salads, shakes and cupcakes). Cozy little joint, with a park across the road.)
Always good! Milkshakes are to die for!! If you are looking for soup get there early... Seems like they are always out by 5pm. Love all the baked goods and weekly specials. 2nd location just opened on the hill!! Good for vegetarians, vegans, and meat eaters like it too if u can just get them to try it!!
Strong hearts cafe is the place to get vegan friendly food in Syracuse. I love how helpful all of the baristas are because they really talk you through what to get so that you can find exactly what you want. My favorite milkshake to get is the peanut butter and strawberry milkshake because it tastes like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich! This was the idea of one of the baristas behind the counter. I was so happy with his reccommendation that I have gotten it multiple times. I will definitely be going here again to do homework and to hang out. I can't wait to try the friday pizza night, I have yet to experience it but I'm sure it will be as good as the others.
We came here twice while driving through upstate NY and I couldn't have been happier to find a yummy, satisfying vegan place to break up the drive. The shakes were awesome and there's about 100 different kinds to choose from. The chocolate mint shake has been haunting my dreams. The sandwiches were delicious and can be filled with any number of ingredients for free. I tried the pumpernickel bread on my second visit and highly recommend it. We also really enjoyed the fake egg mcmuffin and both times the soup was great. Prices are affordable and the room had a mellow and spacious vibe. Co-owner Joel was so sweet and friendly to us. Syracuse, you really lucked out!
Vegan. Coffee. Lousy service but that doesn't even enter into the equation. Vegan + coffee = good. Just get a huge french press of coffee and linger over some lovely vegan food. The fake egg sausage muffin sandwich haunts my dreams. Lovely. The desserts are plentiful and delicious. I can't recommend this place enough.
The Cajun seitan was really good. It's got a really good variety of all vegan menu items. The staff is not overly nice but the good makes up for it. One even made a mistake and never even apologized.
Great food & great location. But the service at Strong Hearts was outrageously poor. I think it's wonderful Strong Hearts has highlighted how delicious vegan food can be, but seriously the people working there have major attitudes. As if all of us who went in had no idea what vegan food was. They wouldn't brew new batches of coffee because it was 11 pm - what's the point of staying open if you can't serve your customers? I've been to way better vegan restaurants where the people who work there educate customers about vegan food. We asked a couple of questions of what they recommended and all we got was a brusque, "Anything vegan is good." The two previous times I had gone I chose to brush off their poor service because the restaurant was busy and they were trying hard to take orders, but this third time there were only two parties there (including us). The guy who was taking our orders was an asshole - just really condescending and acting as if he was too good to work there. Buddy, plenty of people work in food services with a smile on their faces. I like the food, but I am very put off by their poor service. I don't think I will go back.
Fantastic. Open late. Delicious shakes, reasonable prices. Staff not as rude as you'd imagine.
Ridiculous!!! Ordered a Mediterranean salad and veggie sandwich over 45 minutes ago. Tables are deplorably disgusting and in the almost hour we've been here they have not been cleaned once. People are grumpy here and I find it hard to believe the food is that good. Won't be back even if they have good food. Pros do not outweigh the cons! Got our food okay but not great. Save your money and go else where. If tables this dirty don't want to see the kitchen.
This is one of the better places in Syracuse to go for breakfast or lunch near campus, regardless of whether you're a vegan (which I am not). Strong Hearts is a good choice for people looking for healthier food, and an environment with some personality. Syracuse has history in vegan and straight edge culture, and eating at Strong Hearts gives you a taste of that. The people who run it aren't foodies, but they offer solid vegan fare. The tofu breakfast scrambles are usually excellent. Other people go crazy over the shakes, but I think they taste like store bought cake mix batter. Maybe I just haven't had the right flavor. Have tried several though. They used to have great sandwich bread from a local bakery. The last time I was there the bread I had for my toast was meh. Hopefully they just ran out of the good stuff and this isn't the new norm. Will update next time I go. The staff is pleasant, but not terribly service-oriented.
Excellent!
For me, this place was ok.  I would almost consider it more of a fast-food than a resturant. I loved that it was in a cool looking building.  I didn't like that my table was really sticky and there were a lot of flies around.  I also feel that the menu is incredibly limited.  As a person who loves to cook vegan there are so many more things you can make besides a seven versions of a tofu sandwich.  But again, it is a cafe, so not a bad stop if you want to try it out for the experience.
I am not a vegan, but have had decent to good experiences on my three visits here. Service was friendly, albeit a bit slow and very laid back. Great atmosphere, free wi-fi, and a good selection for vegans - although any open minded carnivore shoudl find things of appeal on the menu..  I do wish they could find a way to make vegan milkshakes and desserts with less sweetener. I went with friends and we found that most of the milkshakes and desserts were way way too sweet.  Their coffee also sucks but that makes them like most other restaurants in Syracuse.
Strong hearts gets a 4.0 gpa for the semester. Everything is yum and it's cute inside. I'm thrilled about having a vegan place in town and this cafe serves up some delicious salads. My friends are addicted to the shakes.
Eh, they are pretty awesome for vegan options, I freakin' love their milkshakes. But if you have allergies, (read: celiac) there's not too many options. Sorry Strong Hearts, I want to love you, but you really need to get some gluten free bread for your yummy sammiches, so I can enjoy them! I did order their portobello sandwich (sans bread) on a bed of leafy greens, and it was satisfactory, but I'm craving me some bread! Their potato salad is delish.
I'm only giving this place two stars because the vegetables were actually fresh, and that was nice to see.  Plus, the person I sat down next to while eating got all talkative, and was actually interesting to talk with. ABOUT THE PIZZA: "Cheese" tasted like mayonnaise.  Bread felt and tasted like cardboard.  Price was a bit insane for what I got.  And the worst part, honestly: the service was horrible...not slow or anything, but a palpable "holier-than-thou" approach to someone who has never had a vegan pizza before.   ABOUT THE PEOPLE:  At least one of the servers rolled her eyes when I asked what some vegan "meat" (meat substitute) tastes like.  This is Syracuse, people, not New York City.  Being arrogant about being vegan in Syracuse just seems weird.  Oh, and the tap water they gave me (no ice...water from a bubbler costs extra) tasted like the entire city in a cup. I won't be back here.  Sad.
I was unimpressed. I'm sure its great if you are vegan, but I expressed I'm not a vegan and love to eat bacon, so they burnt the shit out of my coffee. and served to to me insanely hot. If you love supporting holier than thou vegans. this is your place.
if you look closely at the yelper reviews here, you'll see that people either love this place or not so much.  i'm in the latter category, as you can tell from the lack o' stars here.   i'm a vegetarian and had focused my yelp attention on the aforementioned lots o' stars; i was excited to know of this place.  that excitement diminished pretty quickly, however, when my husband and i actually tried the place.  he's a carnivore, although that didn't really make a dif here - we were only there for a mid-morning snack and he simply asked for something other than soy milk.  uh, no such luck said the surly worker guy, we only have soy.  seriously?  this constitutes vegan friendly maybe, but not vegetarian friendly.  how about some milk or cream?  and the baked goods were of the wrapped-in-plastic, kind of melty and old looking variety.  not great at all.  too bad.
Absolutely incredible! Not a vegan or a vegetarian. Pretty much an Eggs & Bacon kind of girl, checked out Strong Hearts because it was a short walk from our hotel. Grabbed a menu, sat down, figured out our order and went up the the front to order & pay. Our drinks were brought over to us pretty quickly, and our Waffle w/Vegan Margarine & PB&J French Toast was brought out by a super friendly guy a bit later. My BF was very reluctant to try the butter, but once he did he was hooked, of course it may have also been the taste of the delicious waffle & maple syrup that helped. (note the word "Giant" on the menu, it's not giant like the midwest or Texas, but it's a bit bigger than an Eggo). The PB&J French Toast was fantastic, unique & huge (definitely sure to fill you up), so glad I had an ice water to wash down the peanut butter. It was such a great mix with banana slices (although my last bite I didn't eat because the banana got a little too mushy, and I'm kinda weird about texture). After finishing we bussed our own table (took a queue from a couple that had already left) and headed out to start our day. If I'm in the neighborhood again I'm definitely trying the milkshakes, they had a ton to choose from.
My partner and I have been here quite a few times since moving to Syracuse. The vegan options (my partner is lactose intolerant) and free internet were huge draws at the beginning. Can't say I'm actually a huge fan of the food, quite honestly, but for some reason I keep going back. I guess I'm addictively curious about it. We've tried a few things off the menu, such as the milkshakes, seitan sandwich, and the pizza. The milkshakes I would recommend, they are huge and delicious, and come in a variety of fun flavors, each named after a "Strong Heart" - an activist or political figure that inspired the staff (one of my favorite things to do is try different milkshakes each time I go and research that person when I get home if the name was not already familiar. I've learned a lot about environmental activists that way! Pretty soon I hope they name some new 'shakes after Ric O'Barry and Wendell Berry. Maybe some new berry smoothies, eh?) Although the milkshakes are good, they are extremely sweet, and occasionally a little chalky. We've had the Steve Biko (pumpkin and oreo), the West Memphis 3 (chocolate mint), the Malcolm X (chocolate cherry) and the Ronnie Lee (cherry and coconut). All were delicious, although the Steve Biko and Ronnie Lee may have been my favorites of what we've tried (I just don't really care for vegan chocolate, sorry). The seitan sandwich was alright, but I couldn't eat very much of it. The pesto was good and the seitan was done well, but the vegan cheese had a strange taste to it that I didn't like (too nutty?) Strong Hearts also has vegan pizza night every Friday, so definitely try that out. We went and built our own pizza, with green peppers, broccoli, pesto and cheese. It was reasonably priced and fairly large, but again, we didn't like the cheese too much and probably won't ask for cheese as a topping the next time we go. Because we had pesto on the pizza, and thus no sauce, the pizza was kind of dry. Big ups to the Strong Hearts staff, who, when I went to the counter and asked if they had any sauce I could dip my pizza crust in, were quick to supply a cup of pizza sauce, which they even heated up for me. Overall, the food is good, if you're vegan or not. Not a huge fan of the vegan cheese, but definitely try a milkshake if you're there.
Everyone kind of freaks out over this place and it isn't that great. First of all, they have almost no soy free options. That SUCKS, being allergic to soy. They did have a pizza that was soy free. I wished I saved the money and made a better one.
I'm a vegetarian who cooks a lot, and looking at Strong Hearts' online menu I thought "I could probably make all this at home for cheaper and better.". But I was pleasantly surprised on my first visit.  The "chicken" salad sandwich was really yummy and sizable enough for me to save half for another meal.  The chipotle potato was admittedly an odd combination of bland and spicy.  But the ambience is nice, the counter-help polite, and the late evening hours great.  I'm definitely returning to try more food.
If a genie pops out of a bottle and gives me three wishes, I will tell them: 1. World peace 2. Healthy planet 3. A bottomless coffee milkshake from Strong Hearts
Went there on a Friday night to get a vegan sandwich. Well, when I finally got to the counter to order they rudely informed me they only serve pizza after 6:00. It was 5:50. Not worth arguing as I sensed a snobby attitude, we went with pizza. We ordered a $22.00 tofu tomato onion and pesto pizza. They said it would be about 20 minutes. They had no appetizers and we did not want a milkshake to start dinner with. So we wanted to start with a salad(a vegan restaurant and a salad goes together I think) but they also rudely said we do not have anything but pizza and sides. Sides included a potato or Mac salad. No thanks, we waited. When the pizza arrived we realized the dough was not homemade(for $22) and was a frozen type bread crumb chewy and thick. We did notice a large tray in the hall with many premade doughs when we left. None of them had any chance to activate yeast. The two stars is for a nice pesto and tofu.
Had been wanting to come here for a long time and finally dragged my hubby here for a snack. Had the Mexican chocolate cupcake and Malcolm X (chocolate/cherry) shake.  Both were very good and I look forward to coming back to Strong Hearts for lunch.  A wonderful option for vegetarian, vegan, and open minded Syracuse residents!
Great place. Salads, sandwiches, tofu scrambles. Milkshakes are as good as they say. More of a brek / lunch place, but really excellent quality. You really should try it.
My husband and I have been coming to Strong hearts for a few years now. We love it!! The milk shakes are awesome. I love all of the breakfast options. The egg trick muffin is so good. I also love the tofu scrambles. My husband likes eggs and he actually admitted that he likes the tofu scramble better. If you are in the mood for something sweeter they have a stuffed French toast. It's stuffed with peanut butter and bananas. It's AMAAAAZING. The salad selection is good. I recommend trying the winter kale salad. My husband has tried every sandwich on the menu. I asked which was his favorite and he said "jeez I like them all. I can't pick one." My favorite is the chickpea salad. They have some great specials so don't forget to look at the specials board. Their soups are always really good. The coffee is fantastic. Be prepared to wait a little while if you go during peak lunch hour. It can get crazy busy. The staff does the best they can working in a kitchen that isn't really that big so if you can be a bit patient you won't be disappointed.
Good food, good atmosphere, good smoothies... Oh, and did I mention healthy? Definitely a win! (and when that's coming from a NON-vegan, that's a big compliment!)
Hands down the best Veggie place in Syracuse...oh wait it's the only veggie place in SYR. :) The shakes are unbelievably good and the food is also great. My only complaint is that it takes a while for the food, but I attribute that to the fact that everything is made fresh.
Ever since I came back to Jersey I have been dreaming about the egg "trick" muffin...Are you kidding me?? So Good!! The peanut butter chocolate cheesecake was amazing!  I have perfected the egg "trick" muffin since my last visit because I decided I really didn't want to step back into this place until they get some friendly service. The girls at the counter have zero personality. It stinks because they do have decent vegan food. Ohh well.
Some food snobs, vegan or not, may turn up their nose at Stronghearts in an "I-coulda-made-that-myself" kinda way, and they would be right: this is not Milennium, Cafe Blossom or Hangawi. Stronghearts serves the kind of tasty, simple, affordable American food you would make at home, if you were a garden variety vegan: non dairy milkshakes, sandwiches, soups, simple salads, baked goods and breakfast items all day (eg tofu scramble, "egg" trick muffin, french toast). They have limited seating, are open generous hours, and are quite popular with a wide range of customers (from vegans too busy to make their lunch that day to meat eaters who just appreciate honest, good food). They have a super-popular vegan pizza night every Friday, and the pizza is delicious. My one criticism would be the lack of variety in the main meal items: Stronghearts rotates their baked goods and soups on a daily basis, but is strangely adverse to any additions to the daily menu-there is not even a daily special. Nor is there any attempt to enhance the successful menu items (eg if they added a tortilla to their tofu scramble and made a wrap, it would be so much easier to get it "to go"). If they made home fries, it would be awesome. But no. Their sides are sadly forgettable (humdrum pasta and potato salads)-yet there is no attempt to vary or add to the sides (mashed potatos, anyone? French fries?) This overabundance of caution with the main menu is a real bummer for those of us who are regulars-there is only so much of the same old same old you want to eat week in and week out. But if they were even brave enough to add a daily special, they would get 5 stars:. For the satisfyingly high ratio of friendly, handsomely tattooed, bearded, hip staff alone :)
Strong Hearts is my favorite place to eat in Syracuse and stands out a lot against the other dining options in the area. The tofu scrambles, shakes and sandwiches are always delicious and fresh. While their iced coffee is actually hot coffee poured on ice, their hearty and flavorful soups make up for that blunder and then some. During high traffic times, like weekend brunch, the seating will fill and you will have to wait for a potentially long period, but the patrons are generally mindful of this and will wrap up to make room for other Strong Hearts lovers. Service is friendly, helpful and excitable! You don't at all need to be vegan to enjoy this restaurant!
Great Vegan Cafe. They have a Milkshake named Carl Sagan, for that alone, they get 5 stars!
I love love love the cupcakes.  I'm not vegan but have enjoyed the food here each time I have been (dine in for lunch- it gets super crowded and takeaway for dinner).   I wish they'd do pizzas everyday!
I stopped in here with my girlfriend (omnivore) because it advertises as vegan (which I am) and was just a few doors away from our hotel (the Parkview, which I also recommend).  The food was great, service was friendly.  We were both very satisfied with the menu items we tried and ended up eating there 3 times during our stay!  Their muffins are delicious, everything on the menu is vegan (including an extensive collection of milkshakes).  They make sandwiches with Daiya inside (mmmmmmm!) and the place always had a healthy number of people inside.  I highly recommend it.
I'm no vegan and I love Strong Hearts: the tofu scramble is a lean, protein-fueled way to begin your morning; the soba-noodle salad is filling and flavorful, and any of the epic shakes are worth taking home (Malcolm X is amazing!).  Portions are large and dishes are reasonably priced, especially considering the high quality of the ingredients.  There are always stacks of fresh baked vegan goodies on the front counter, and Strong Hearts' service is friendly, if sometimes a little slow because it's a small operation.  It's location is in a beautiful historic buildling and there are plenty of spots to sit with a cup of tea and a book.
This place rocks. Plain and simple. If you love fake meat and veggies, they have an amazing menu at great prices. A perfect alternative if you're staying at the Park View or Crowne Plaza (on the same block - both with barely edible, over-priced restaurants...) It's like jumping back to being an undergrad - just in a sketchier neighborhood. I had a tofurkey BLT with vegan mayo and a portobello/avocado/tomato salad with a killer balsamic dressing. As long as you know what to expect (tofu and wheat gluten,) this place kicks ass. The ambience of the dining area could be a little re-vamped, but I had mine to go.
One of my favorite places for lunch. The "Chicken" salad sandwich is really good.
Definitely recommended, Especially for breakfast.  I ate here 3 times in a two week stint.  Very cool place, played great music.  The French toast portions were huge for the value and delicious.  Coffee was great.  The pizza was healthy and hearty, but real cheese is 1000% times better.  Sorry vegans, it just is.  That's my only complaint.  Vegetarians would love this place.
Road tripping across the country, we stopped in for lunch. The chicken salad & BLT sammiches were amazing & the Harriet Tubman shake blew my mind. Service is fast & friendly, prices are affordable. Can't wait to hit it up again.
This is one of those businesses that helps make Syracuse a bearable place to live. I like the chicken salad sandwich, the TLT, and of course the milkshakes. Their coffee and tea are pretty solid too. Yet, as much as I admire what they're doing here both for the city and the planet, it needs to be said: the counter staff isn't always that friendly and the tables are often filthy. These are small problems that could be easily fixed--if they were, I'd be happy to add a star.
Chocolate/oreo milkshake is AMAZING! Seitan sandwich on rye was fabulous. The lady didn't enjoy the chicken salad sandwich unfortunately but I'm still giving it 5 stars!
The food and place is awesome. The French toast and pumpkin Oreo shake were my favorites with the roasted veggie sandwich in a close second. Visiting in town and have been here 3 times.
Really impressive selection of vegan food with exciting names - everything on the menu made my mouth water. Super laid back atmosphere with plenty of seating and not too noisy. Food came pretty fast after we ordered it. I got the Peanut Butter & Jelly French Toast but it wasn't quite as exciting as it sounded, though still tasty. The shakes are fantastic though - so many to choose from! Prices are really reasonable for what you get.
I had high hopes for Strong Hearts, and went there for dinner one evening with my husband while in town for a convention.  I have to say it was not all I was hoping for.  The seating is very limited and not all that clean.  When we placed our order, the young woman at the counter was not exactly welcoming, bordering on rude.  I don't expect all customer service to be overly friendly, but at least attempt to be helpful and don't act like the people you are waiting on are a bother.  My husband and I both ordered the tempeh barbeque sandwich special, which for the most part was good, minus the vegan cheese substitute.  I also ordered a soba noodle salad, which would have been good if there were more noodles & vegetables other than the 2/3 bowl of salad greens at the bottom.  The milkshake I ordered tasted good, but had a funky texture... I think in this case, it was just a matter of personal preference.  My husband got a cupcake for dessert which was really quite good.   Obviously, the folks who run the place really care about the quality of food they put out, and the menu had a lot of wholesome, healthy choices on it.  It was great that there were separate bins for recycling, compost, and garbage.  I did not like the feeling that if you don't lunge for a table, you are out of luck... a better system would be nice and make me more inclined to have a meal here.  I also noticed that while there was a crowd waiting for tables during a busy meal time, folks were lingering at tables with their laptops and whatnot.  I think with a few small improvements in terms of seating and service, this place would be great.  I do want to try Strong Hearts again, maybe during a less busy time.
We loved this all-vegan cafe.  The seitan reuban, faux grilled cheese, and peanut butter-oreo milkshake were spectacular.  I really enjoyed the homemade iced tea, too.  My cupcake was fair, but I wished I'd gotten a milkshake after I tasted my husband's.  The soup was so-so;  I'd come back again and again for the sandwiches and shakes.  The atmosphere was clean and pleasant, and the staff was helpful.  We didn't come with kids, but we noticed a small basket of toys for kids to play with while they're there.  Cafes are the way to go with kids, anyway, since the food comes quickly, so I like it when I see them catering to this market.
Best vegan joint in all of Syracuse! Lots of shakes, breakfast and lunch options, and they even do a pizza night! It can be a bit of a wait, but it's totally worth it!
I'll come here again. The green scramble was filling and tasty, stuffed with tofu and veggies on a bed of spinach. I would have liked something on the toast; I probably should have asked... :) Coffee is excellent and strong.
can't believe i had never been here before!  i had an amazing chickpea sandwich, which tasted both delicious and very healthy.  portions are generous, the workers are pleasant, the clientele has positive energy, and the atmosphere is very cute - tucked into an older building with lots of character.   it was one of the first brutally hot days of the year and it was hotter inside Strong Hearts than on the street, but it was worth it, and i'll be back again very soon!
I've been coming here since the first day they were open. It is by far the best Vegan place in Upstate NY. The milkshakes are incredible, and the cupcakes. I brought my mother here who is a diehard meat eater, and she loved this place. As a vegetarian the pizza night on friday is excellent, especially the chicken pizza or the garbage plate pizza.
I'm definitely a carnivore but couldn't resist the good reviews.  Came here because it was also so close to the Crowne Plaza where we were staying before going to the Brewfest and  Donna the Buffalo at the Westcott.  Had the Cesar Chavez soyshake and french toast PBJ with 'nanas and raspberries.  YUMMY!  I'm shorting this place a star -- I wanted a few more choices for b'fast but would go back in a heartbeat. Maybe I'll go back after booking in at the spa next door.
Oh, Strong Hearts: I adore you...I almost feel guilty for not reviewing Strong Hearts until now, since I've enjoyed so many drinks and delicious bites in the past year or so. This is probably in my top five hangouts in the Central New York area. From the tasty vegan soups, sandwiches, and breakfast treats (hello, French toast!), to the ridiculously indulgent cupcakes big enough to share (chocolate with peanut butter frosting being Matt's favorite-- or was it the chocolate mint? Both so good!), you can always count on awesomeness here. The vegan shakes are insanely tasty, though I'm sort of glad they're often out of certain flavors because these are crazy calorie bombs. And of course you can always opt for a kombucha instead, which rocks. Please support this local gift: you will not be dissapointed!
This new vegan cafe is so great! I love their sandwiches and breakfast. Carnivores, don't pass it up! At least go in for one of their fabulous "milk" shakes, try the Che Guevara or the Earth Crisis.
I was staying at the Renaissance when I discoved this place.  It's a short walk from the hotel.   I was sad to find out that they only serve Pizza on Friday's after 6pm.  I really wanted one!  I settled for a roasted veggie sandwich instead.  It was great!  I also tried a banana shake Y-U-M-M-Y On a different day I tried something off the breakfast menu (loaded tofu scramble) and a cup of coffee.  It was delicious!  I'm so glad this restaurant is here.  The fact that they try to serve organic whenver possible makes my cells feel good. I only wish they would open earlier so that I could have breakfast here throughout the work week. The service was quick and the taste didn't suffer.
This is one of my favorite veg restaurants in the US. Whenever I drive through Syracuse I stop for the chickpea sandwich, BLT, and a John Brown milkshake.
I can't wait to take another visit up to Syracuse just to eat at this place! Everything we got was awesome. I had the "chicken" salad sandwich and pasta salad. My non- vegan boyfriend had the french toast, which I tried and fell in love with. Not only is the food awesome, but they have a huge selection of milkshakes that are out of this world!
Full disclosure: I'm not vegan or even vegetarian so I may not have the level of respect such a joint might earn amongst fullon veg heads. That said, I really loved their chickpea sandwich last time I visited and their milkshakes are better than any ice cream stand on the planet. I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
Good!  Cheap! Fast!  Right off the freeway!  Kid-Friedly!  Organic!  Vegan!  I was in road trip heaven!  Finding this place on the road on our way to or from the inlaws has made me want to visit the in-laws more often.  I wish there was another Strong Hearts Cafe in DC!  We had sandwiches and potato salad all great!  My kid loved the grilled PB and J.  We didn't have a shake but I did order a mocha (soy) and it was great!
I googled vegan restaurants and SHC was highly reviewed on Yelp.  The area around the restaurant is a bit sketchy.  Went with my wife and my mother.  My wife and I are vegans and my mom is anything but vegan.  The tables were a bit dirty and I could tell that they hadn't been cleaned in awhile.  But service was quick, only waited 3 minutes before food started to come out Ordered:  "Chicken" salad sandwich, side of macaroni salad and a Strawberry milkshake (Ann Hansen).  All of the were delicious!  Yes, I was starving.  My mother got the chicken sandwich also and she loved it.  I was stupendously surprised because she's not the vegan foodie type!  My wife got the portobello salad and green tofu.  She loved it also. Really wish they had something like this closer to where we live!  Hopefully one day soon... :(
Delicious food (I believe I had pancakes) and strong coffee + a good friend of mine used to work there (where are you, Justin Pellingra?) + I ran into The Rubblebucket Orchestra when I was munching down, shouted out to them, and received a sticker in return. Great place, great experience. Not my top spot in Syracuse, but solidly in the 10.
Strong Hearts, I miss youuuuuu! When I moved from New York City to Syracuse, I thought I'd feel like I was missing out on a lot, culinari-ly.  But I never imagined that I'd feel so deprived when I moved BACK to New York! Strong Hearts came into my life at the perfect time.  I had just become vegan, and I was in grad school.  Delicious vegan sandwiches, amazing french press coffee, and a beautiful, chill dining room with wi-fi, outlets, and ample seating....I was in HEAVEN!  I spent way too much time here between classes, pretending to get work done on my lappy but in reality lingering after finishing my BLT over a Rosa Parks shake and a cupcake.  MMMMM... This was also my go-to for brunch, especially if I had out-of-towners visiting.  It never failed to impress.  My snotty Brooklyn self loved pizza night, too!  I didn't even mind the wait! On my birthday that year, my boyfriend surprised me with my two Strong Hearts cupcakes instead of a proper cake.  That's love. Now, there is no place in New York that even comes close.  It's probably telling that I gave up on veganism within a month of moving back to the city. I would never call Strong Hearts health food, per se, but their dishes far exceed the salty fake meat junk food peddled by pretty much every other vegan cafe.  Strong Hearts was consistently fresh and never made me feel like I was lowering my dietary standards so I could eat out. I think a road trip is in order for the near future.
Tasty! This review is about 2 months overdue.  A friend was visiting (during a snow storm) and we were hungry. I'd been meaning to try SH and my friend is a vegetarian, so we hopped in the car.  The milkshakes alone would have been worth almost crashing on Erie. SO. Good.  Sadly, they were out of banana, but we got the Malcolm X (choco/cherry) and the strawberry milkshakes--both delicious.  We split the TLT and Reuben sandwiches, and while the TLT was tasty, it didn't have sauerkraut. Your mileage may vary. I HIGHLY recommend the reuben. I've been back a few more times over the past two months and I keep meaning to order something different, but if it isn't broke, why fix it? The sandwiches are huge so I get lunch and dinner out of them.The vegan cupcakes are also delicious. Everything is locally sourced and the coffee is fair trade, which I appreciate.  I usually get lunch to go, but I like the ambiance. If I was still in school, I'd probably park myself in there and study on weeknights.
Great lunch at Strong Hearts with my somewhat vegetarian girlfriend (she eats fish). I'm not into the "let's try and make this meat" school of thought, but still found plenty of options. To start, we shared a big bowl of the curried sweet potato soup, which was well-seasoned and had some nice spice to it. I had the soba spinach salad salad with tofu, which came with a light ginger-heavy dressing on the side. Dressing was perfect for the salad. My only overall suggestion would be to add something crunchy for texture. My gf got the tofu scramble with pesto, spinach and soy cheese. It was great, close to making me believe that there were animal products in there. If I was vegan, I'd be there more than once a week. Staff was also very accommodating and friendly.
My thoughts on Strong Hearts, essay-style: katrinatulloch.wordpress…
If you're a vegetarian or a vegan this place is heaven! It's so nice to go to a restaurant and have a choice of EVERYTHING on the menu. My usual is the grilled teese with soy bacon on marble bread. Totally delicious. Their milkshake menu is mind blowing. So many options and all are scrumptious. It's also nice to order a mcmuffin that is as good as it sounds. The staff has always been friendly. It does tend to get very busy there but the watiers do a good job at keeping up. It does suck however that they only offer their pizzas on Friday nights and I have yet to try them but with their limited kitchen space it's understandable. I will however totally pass on their desserts. During my last visit I got an oreo cupcake and my friend got a pb and chocolate. We split them in half so we could try both. Now I'm a huge fan of sugary goodness and can usually handle a fairly good amount of sugary things but after two bites I felt like I was going into a sugar coma. These are incredibly sweet and I felt every cavitiy I've ever had come back for a return visit. Three hours later my heart was still racing from the sugar rush. My omni friend who lives on little debbies cakes and krispy cremes couldn't even handle them. So on my next visit if I'm wanting dessert I'm opting for an Alternative Baking Co cookie or a bag of tings instead.
Always delicious food! Love the TLT with pesto! great salads and tofu scramble too!
Great vegan food. Totally green restaurant. Always enjoy visiting.
Strong Hearts Cafe is a MUST for me whenever I visit Syracuse, NY. Friday night vegan pizza night is my absolutely favorite.. yummy food, indeed!
I stopped here on my way to Montréal and on my way back home to Cleveland in October 2011.  Sooooo good!  The first time, I will say I felt a bit sick afterward, but that was my fault for getting a peach milkshake with a tofu pesto sandwich- bad on me.  That sandwich was even better as leftovers.  The return stop was even better- chickpea salad sandwich and a pumpkin milkshake.  I'm so glad that this place ended up being right along my route; I was worried I wouldn't find a particularly vegan-friendly spot along my way and I ended up finding an amazing 100% vegan establishment!  I'm currently in Ithaca, NY and I wish so badly that I had the time to head up and pay another visit.  I'll be back sometime soon though!  Still so many amazing-sounding things to try in a really adorable environment.  Thanks for existing :).
I read a ton of reviews about this place that said the staff was rude or uppity. But I have never had anything but a great experience.  They are always friendly, if not ridiculously nice and funny too.  But honestly, if even if they weren't, it would be worth it for the amazing food. I'm a huge fan of the chix salad sandwich, dressed up with jalapeños or avocado. The french toast is great too, same with the Mediterranean salad, mac salad, and chipotle potato salad. My non-vegan boyfriend loves the TLT and the Reuben, and we both love the amazing milkshakes. Bobby Sands and Farmhouse Sanctuary are our favorites. And the cupcakes? I'm lucky if I only order two. They always have different flavors and I've never had a bad one.  Plus they're huge! Honestly, I want to work there so I can eat there everyday and figure out how they make those cupcakes...
One of the most depressing days of my life was finding out I was allergic to dairy.  When I had one of their vegan shakes for the first time, I was screaming hallelujah.  But even as I dragged more of my friends back, they still prefer them over regular milk shakes. Cool vibe. Awesome food.
I just had lunch at Strong Hearts. Should be called Strong Stomach, cause that's what you'll need to eat here. The tofu pesto sandwich I had was served scalding hot.  So hot I couldn't eat it.  The bread wasn't great either.  My stomach did not feel good after eating it. Maybe I'm just not used to eating tofu. The lettuce, tomato and sprouts seemed fresh though. I guess because people in Syracuse don't have many options when it comes to vegan food, they don't know the difference, but I went to college in Santa Cruz and we had this amazing vegan place called Saturn Cafe. Strong Hearts isn't fit to clean Saturn's toilets.  It truly saddens me to write this review, because I had such high hopes for the place.  Oh well, I'm sure its the type of cafe with a strong local following and those who are committed to eating vegan don't have many other options.  For those of you that aren't vegan, just looking for a good sandwich, you can skip this place. Prices were decent, they accept all major credit cards, and they had a large selection of shakes, which I didn't have. They also serve breakfast and had a large selection of breakfast items. They open at 8am. Its not terrible, but not great either. Park across the street on E. Genesse St. next to the park.
Strong Hearts is the evolution of food. Rather than just SIMPLY palate-pleasure, accomplished humans are dining with their heads and hearts. Consciously using eco-friendly wears, napkins, locally-sourced ingredients and cruelty-free everything (floor to ceiling, wall to wall) while STILL enjoying a fabulous, several-course meal is the food evolution. The only places that can hold a candle to the overall combination of taste/price/location/staff/carbon-footprint of Strong Hearts are in cities hundreds or thousands of miles from Syracuse. New York, DC, Denver or Portland, being the progressive cities they are, have places like SHC, and they are supported by huge fan-bases who understand what a gem Green Businesses like these are. I hope SHC is continuously growing and being supported to the fullest in their fourth year of cruelty-free business. Amazing place. Every visit: freshest soup, toastiest sandwich, newest variety of Kombucha, most delicious vegan milkshake in the United States and terrific-tasting baked dessert. Can't wait to visit Syracuse again just to dine here.
I'm not a vegan or vegetarian, but I eat here often with friends. The reuben is delicious and the milkshakes are absolutely amazing. My only complaint is that the tables are sometimes greasy and the one time we asked if someone would wipe it off, they never came and we ended up making do with dry napkins.
If I were a Vegan, I would give this place a 5 due to the fact that in Syracuse it's probably the only place your going to find like this. So of course it would get rave reviews. I give it a 4 because even though I am not a vegan I do enjoy a place you can go that gives you a healthy meal and not french fries and burger and all that crap. I had a grilled veggie sandwich that tasted great and just made me feel good after eating it. My wife enjoyed a salad. The place is what you would expect being a vegan cafe near a college within a city. You know... the staff wearing skinny jeans, tattoos all over the arms, trendy black wool hats on while its 95 degrees out. But anyway, I'm not gonna lie I will certainly be there again. Good healthy food, relaxed atmosphere and even though I didn't try one, their Milkshake menu is quite impressive.
only place to eat in syracuse...
In 1996 Syracuse was a vegan straight edge stronghold.  Absurd tattoos, stupid piercings, and shitty music reined supreme.  Apparently the pause button was pressed, because hanging out at Strong Hearts is like the Syracuse I remember as a teenager.  If you never got to experience this head over to Strong Hearts, it really is quite odd.  We came to Strong Hearts after flying into Syracuse to visit family.  I was a little disappointed that they were only serving pizza that night.  The crust was premade, the service was slow, the prices were high, all of these things should amount to a lower star rating.  However, in the central NY area this is about as good as it gets for vegan food.  The buffalo chikken pizza was really good.  I'm not sure the name of the other pizza we got (carmelized onions, kalamata olives, artichokes) but that was way too salty...I couldn't even eat that.  The oreo milkshake was really good and extremely filling.  While I appreciate a vegan option when visiting the area, the temperature of the restaurant and the extremely slow service may make me question a return.
never disappoints. always good specials
This place is vegan and practically against my religion.  I did not realize this walking in the door.  Hence the 3 Star rating.  I love animals, but no way I'm giving up meat.  The waffle was very good for vegan.  The potato salad was excellent chipotle cream done as good as possible and still light and not salty (like it usually is).  No real butter for the waffles? I look down and shake my head and say "margarine!?"  I hate margarine.  This is literally the first time I've eaten it in about 10 years.  The Chai milkshake was unbelievable.  So good I had to order a second milkshake in chocolate.  The milkshakes were so good, I wish they would've had the pumpkin flavor.  Now that its been a few hours and this was not really a big meal for me, I still feel like I just ate.  I could easily put away a pound and a half of meat and be ready to eat again by now.  It was good, but this vegan thing just isn't for me.
I really wanted to like this place.  My friends rave about it.  I love well-executed vegan food.  But in both of my two lunch visits, the food was unexciting, and the coffee was outright bad.  I won't be going back.
I was on business travel and found this vegan rest. Absolutely wonderful and the food was excellent. I will definitely go again when I am back in town.
the milk shakes!
My favorite restaurant on the planet. I am here right now enjoying a vegan Reuben and a cofee shake. Incidentally, if I were on death row this would be my last meal. Enough said? Whenever I stop here I get a stomach ache from eating too much of the delicious food.
I stopped here for dinner with my husband while we were on our road trip to Rochester for a wedding.  The food here is amazing! I had the Portobello Mushroom Garlic Seitan Sandwich ($7.95).  It came with a side of mixed greens.  The seitan was delicious.  It was mushroom and garlic flavoured.  There is no actual portobello mushroom in the sandwich.  The sandwich also had a lot of spinach in it (yum), along with tomato, alfalfa sprouts, cheese and mayo.  The bread was a toasted rye with a lot of caraway seeds in it.  The flavours of the ingredients inside the sandwich went really well together, except the excessive amount of caraway seeds in the bread overwhelmed the other flavours somewhat. The mixed greens on the side were fresh and the Italian dressing was light.   My husband does not like the usual protein substitutes found in vegetarian and vegan restaurants (i.e. seitan, tempeh, tofu, etc.), so he had the Toasted PB&J sandwich with a side of mixed greens ($4.25).  I was so disappointed because I wanted him to get something cool so I could try a bit of it (like really? we travelled all the way to Syracuse to this highly rated vegan café and he orders a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?!?!).  Oh, but he added sliced bananas to it (an extra $0.50, so it was actually $4.75).  Anyway, I was too busy sulking to try it, but he said it was good, but the bread was not grilled enough.   The place definitely has a hipster vibe to it.  The service is somewhat slow, but friendly enough.  You pay at the cash and they give you a playing card on a stand which you place at your table, so they know which table to bring the food to. You have to go get your own cutlery.  I was somewhat disappointed to see that some of the forks were not properly cleaned :( but I just kept looking until I found a clean one.  They also have a self-serve water tank, but the water was lukewarm. This place is not that visible from the street.  We drove by it a few times without seeing it.  It's inside a building.  You have to go into the building and turn right.  No parking lot, you have to park on the street, but it's free after 6pm on weekdays.   I loved loved loved the food here.  This place would have gotten 5 stars from me if the service was faster, all the cutlery was clean and the water was cold.
Frustrating. This place its hands down one of  the best ive been when it comes to Vegan food. I come to Syracuse from NYC occasionally for business and look forward to eat there. Dont go there unlesss you have few hours to spare. I ordered a salad and a sandwich, paid almost 15$, took them 30 mins to do it and at the end i had to leave with no food because my ride for the airport was leaving me behind. Later in the day the manager called to apologize and confirm that may credit card got refunded. To-go orders should definitely be expedited quicker than dine-in.
Was very hard to find! didn't cross my mind that it would be inside the brick building! So glad I found this place, I was staying at the crown plaza and desperate to find a descent place to eat breakfast. The coffee was great and my all green tofu scramble was very tasty.
This restaraunt is the best.  We discovered them through HappyCow.net trying to find a place my family could eat last year on vacation.  This year we drove back through Syracuse specifically to visit and gorge ourselves on delicious food.   The fact that it is vegan is merely an afterthought.  This time I had their spicy breakfast scramble.  It was superb.  My son loved his waffle and my wife enjoyed her grilled cheese. Hungry? Eat here.  You'll be glad you did.
