Went here on a late Saturday afternoon after browsing the city for something a little more locally owned, and boy did it not disappoint. Upon entering, you immediately notice a down-to-earth, family-owned restaurant. It's not flashy, nor tries to be, which can be a hit or miss for some, but I didn't mind. We were promptly seated, given our menus and water and began looking. Having some experience at Korean restaurants, I went for the tried-and-true order of mandu to start with a main dish of chicken bulgogi. The service was quick, and the food was fresh out of the kitchen, still steaming and cooking on the plate. The mandu was amazing, a notion made better with the soy-based dipping sauce that accompanied it. The chicken bulgogi was exquisite, cooked just right and flanked by green peppers, onions and spices.  The food paired well together and sent me to a momentary nirvana. The only downsides that prevented me from a awarding this restaurant a perfect review was the portion size wasn't very big, and in comparison to the cost, made it seem a tad more on the expensive side. All in all, if you're looking for an amazing Korean restaurant with spectacular food and a homely feel, you can't go wrong here.
Weirdest restaurant I've ever been in. We decided to check it out while we were upstate. Was excited to try some Korean food up here but not really expecting it to be too authentic. This place was in the middle of nowhere, and it was a house. Like an actual home for a family and instead of having furniture inside it had tables and chairs for people to eat at. One of the bedrooms was turned into a karaoke room. The bathroom was an actual home bathroom with a bath tub in it. lol. We both ordered bulgogi. The people there were really friendly and service was pretty fast. We were the only non-Koreans there too. The bulgogi was ok. Meat was pretty decent but he flavor was not as savory. Also we found hair in one of the bulgogis :( The prices were expensive but on par with most Korean places. Just thought it would be cheaper since its a down home kind of place. Interesting experience and I'm sure its nice to have a Korean joint in that pale since it looks like there are not that many out there.
worst korean restaurant in the freaking universe!! this restaurant doesnt even deserve a one star!!!! 1. no a/c in this restaurant. 2. 15% tips for sure when check out 3. no hot water 4. poor quality foods (all vegs tast awsul bad) 5. all foods served with suppppppper small smount, and exspensive !!
The food here is no joke.  We had mandoo, ddeokbokki, sizzling bibimbap, and chicken bulgogi, and every item was stellar.  I couldn't even pick a favorite.  The service was warm, friendly, and relaxed.  We will absolutely be back, but it will have to be an occasional thing, because it was somewhat expensive.  Worth it?  Absolutely.
The food was pretty good but it was a bit overpriced for the portion. Didn't like an automatic 15% tip...
We thought we'd stop on our way through Syracuse-- but apparently they are closed between June 23rd and July 20th for vacation. We were disappointed, but know this is common for many small business restaurants.  Next time!
Cool little mom and pops shop. Very nice owners and workers. Its like eating at someones house. It remind me of Korea when I was stationed there. Moderately priced and tasty but I had better with more portions. You can't complain since there is no other competition. lastly, the mandatory gratuity has to go. The food is yummy and wholesome but its not great nor a premium restaurant.
Quality food but there are a few things that needs change/improvement: - Banchan (side dishes) needs work on - Prices should be lowered on most dishes - Automatic 15% tip should be on parties with 6 or more people I got the LA Kalbi $18.99 and Soondubu $10.99. Good food but my bill was $37. I'm all about paying the premium but that automatic tip needs to go.
Small place. Came here for dinner with gf. We got the bibimbap and the seafood noodles that I can't remember the name of. The bibimbap was delicious. The seafood noodles was mixed. The seafood itself was meh, and the noodles a bit thick for my taste. The soup however was omg unbelievably flavorful and delicious. I could drink a tub of it. I personally would've enjoyed the dish much more if it were ramen style noodles but hey can't have everything. Overall, it was quite good
Chorong House is by far the best Korean food you will find in Syracuse. In fact, it stands up to many Korean establishments I have frequented in Queens and beyond. Must haves: Kimchi pancake, Beef Bulgolgi, Kimchi Pork (sorry can't spell the Korean version), glass noodles with beef (Jab Che Bab, sp?), and kimchi dumplings. The decor is a bit off putting, but the service is always awesome.  I believe it is the closest thing to authentic Korean you can find outside of Korea. We visit Chorong on a weekly to bi-weekly basis - because its that freaking good. If you haven't tried it yet, do yourself a favor and get there!
Really sketchy place. The food taste ok, but not sure if they are clean. Overpriced. If you are a guy, never take a girl to this place. She will cry.
Fresh, home cooked food. We order seafood pancake and stir fried rice noodles with beef. Very yummy. Pro : fresh, great variety in menu Con : pricey, small eating area
The food was pretty good but it was a bit overpriced for the portion. They don't give out much side dishes but that was okay with us. The one thing I didn't like was they charged an automatic 15% gratuity to your check if it's over $50 regardless how many people dined in.
Eat here. This was most definitely my favorite place in all of Syracuse. Sadly I discovered it too late, and only got to go about 5 times before moving on. There is something about the atmosphere... Korean kitsch with a splash of utility. It's not immaculate; it has character. Go here on a freezing Syracuse winter night. You'll see... The steam condensing on windows, the woody-tasting hot tea, a massive bowl of hot soup... this is what kept me going through the coldest of times. It felt like home, and I've never even been to Korea. I recommend the kimchi pancake. Not for those on a diet; in that case get one of the soups which are all fantastic.
Chorong kept my taste bud sane through my 4 years of dining hall food torture and my bland cooking in Syracuse. I had stumbled upon this hidden jewel through word of mouth back in the days when yelping wasn't really that popular or had it even existed then? Anyway, this place is by far the best Syracuse has to offer. Now that I'm back in Boston, I can't help but compare all the Korean restaurants to this place. The food here is amazing! To start, you must get their dukbukki (hot and spicy rice cake). They make the best in all of Syracuse and Boston. There take on the spicy sauce topped with scallion is more on the thicker consistency compared to the many watery ones I've tried. You know the saying "thicker is better" and yes it is! As for the rice cake texture, wow! It's cooked to perfection with it being so freshly hot, chewy, and the most amazing thing of all. . .SOFT. With every bite you get this "ahhhh yum mmm bite bite Oo gosh this is DE-LICIOUS!" Simply put, you'll have that wide-eyed and wicked grin look when you take a bite outta these suckers. I have tried too many dukbukki at other places and most of which require a great deal of chewing due to the rice cake being a bit hard. It makes you question why the heck am I exerting myself just to swallow this? Mind you, that's not the case here. Their kimchi pancakes are nice and crispy. You can actually see decent sized kimchi mixed into the pancake. Their dol-sot bibimbap is so goood! It always hits the spot for me whenever I am having my korean food cravings. Their bulgogi is a good choice as well. If i remember correctly, it might have been a tad bit too salty for my taste. Other than that it's sizzling hotness goes well with my warm fluff of rice. If you're that meat "must be over bone" lover, definitely get their galbi instead. The food is plenty and filling so don't over order like I had the tendency too!   This place is good for lunch since it's a bit cheaper and they can host a big party if need be. I've went with a 15+ group invasion on this little place before. The nice waitress was able to situate us in a large room comfortably. Chorong isn't your typical local restaurant joint, it's wayy more simple than that. You're basically entering into someone's house. You take your shoes off at the entrance before entering the right side dining area. Their interior decor is simple and I do not mean Martha's Stewart home and living simple. It's more like fake potted plants located in the corners to Korean female celebrity soju posters. All in all, it gives this place it's unique charm. Chorong is a definite must if you're in Syracuse.
Okay, this might not be the place to go for your first Korean meal, but it is where I would choose for my last meal, Korean or otherwise. Its been said before, but I'll say it again.  This place has great home style Korean food because it is literally in someone's home. a little before 11pm and they were just closing up, but the two cooks/servers stayed on a little longer to make us a late dinner. It's not the longest menu, but what they do, they do right.  My Dok Bulgi was spicy and more flavorful than most of the stuff I had in Korea, the dul Set Bi Bim Bap was Super hot and gave my rice a nice brown crust.  The little lady had the Bulgogi with a health topping of Scallions, a nice touch a lot of other places skip. I was surprised the bill ended up being a little on the high-side, though that probably has something to do with the healthy serving of Soju we enjoyed with our dinner. The one thing I would hope to be improved would be a few more menu items.  Hwe dup bap, sollongtang and table side BBQ were all favorites of mine that were not on the menu, that being said, those are probably the most difficult dishes for such a small restaurant to make from scratch, so they are forgiven. All in all, a great, friendly spot, and I highly suggest a trip for any experienced Korean food eater.
My flight from Syracuse to LGA was cancelled.  This was good news, because if there's anything I like more than taking the bus, it's taking Megabus.  Six luxurious inches of legroom and a 1:15 AM departure time. At first, I thought I'd entertain myself as I usually do in Syracuse.  That is to say, "getting semi-lost in a maze of freeway exchanges and cloverleafs."  But then I thought it might be nice to eat something.  After all, all they serve on Megabus is whatever the last passenger left behind. Chorong House seemed like a good enough option.  Especially when I considered that the alternatives were Subway at the bus/train center, or Dunkin Donuts at the bus/train center.  I'd eaten at Dinosaur before, yes, but I'd had an unpleasant experience with a waitress who seemed to be taking some sort of correspondence course on the benefits of showing up to work as stoned as possible.  And I didn't want six pounds of overrated red meat in my gut for the long bus ride. So I thought I'd take a drive down a street of vacant lots and eat dinner at a Korean woman's house.  And boy, did I eat.  We had a nice seafood stew and the shellfish were fresh and abundant.  What's more, they actually tasted like shellfish.   I sometimes like to cook dishes of lip-numbing heat for myself.  But Chorong House handled the spice in a more professional and universally pleasing way.  I also enjoyed nice little bowls of kimchee and goodies, though I confess that I avoided the macaroni salad. These women were so nice and friendly that I cannot for a second imagine begrudging them their included 15% gratuity. Finally, the requisite qualifier.  I've certainly had better Korean food.  But I've never had better Korean food in the middle of nowhere.  Or in Syracuse.  And this food was really good and we got to smell and hear it being cooked.
While visiting Syracuse U 4 years ago I happen to stumble upon this restaurant and found the food and atmosphere very good.  The dining area itself seems to look like one you would find in your own home and the kitchen is separated by a thin wall. This makes for the place to feel almost homely. The staff is very friendly and they actually talk to the customers which creates for a more comfortable atmosphere unlike many restaurants which give off the vibe that they just want you to eat quick and leave. The food is DELICIOUS. by far the best Korean I've had. I've had Korean food in Manhattan, Queens, and Fort Lee but this place is the best and even though its been 4 years I still remember it enough to drive all the way from Albany to Syracuse just for this. Their Korean beef, especially the M4 on their menu, is the best I've ever had with just the right amount of seasoning. The waitresses even ask if we want refills on the cold dishes, such as the kimchi and spicy cucumber, which I have never seen any other restaurant do intemtionally. The orders are also taken fast and the dishes are prepared within 10 to 15 minutes, which is very fast. The food is great and ample for its price and its a very comfortable atmosphere. All in all this place is a must if you are from Syracuse or an out of towner.
What can I say about this place? That it was a lifesaver? I go to Cornell and in Ithaca, there is a serious dearth of good restaurants. So sometimes I just get these horrible cravings for homestyle Korean food. I miss my mommy. I read all the Yelp reviews and I was like, wow I must definitely check this place out. So me and a couple of friends drive up to 'Cuse because we have been sorely deprived for many months and the stress of finals is killing us. Then after our one hour drive, we get to this ghetto looking shack with Korean lettering and my friends just stare at me. I swear, they almost killed me. But I convince them to try and wow, I'm glad we stayed. The food is solid stuff and its inexpensive. I'll give them a solid 3.5 stars. Yet, I cannot, in good conscience, give them a solid 4 stars because: 1. The decor and restaurant atmosphere was a freaking mess 2. The food was good and uniquely flavored (someone said warm and homey, I agree) but they literally used the same seasoning for EVERYTHING 3. I'm pretty sure they overloaded our food with MSG, I could taste it. Maybe I'm spoiled with amazing Korean food back in Cali. Yet Chorong House is solid. It was great for a poor kid who had been severely deprived of his right to some decent food for months. Price was good, service was good, food was good. A-OK.
I moved to Syracuse from LA and was craving some Asian food. Being in this shrinking city made me very skeptical, but this place was recommended for its authenticity, so I thought it was worth a shot. Indeed, I am very glad I tried it, it instantly became one of my favorite places to dine in the city. The restaurant is very laid back and cozy; housed in what looks to be a residential house whose kitchen/dining area was converted to a restaurant, the living room part of the house is even open to large parties where if you reserve ahead of time, they will set up the karaoke machine for you and your friends for a night (only if you take your shoes off though! You are, after all, in someone's home.) In short, it felt like home and tasted like Mama Chorong made the meals just for you! The menu lists all the greatest hits of Korean fare, from bi bim bap (rice, meat and veggies in a hot or cold stone bowl) to bulgoki (Korean BBQ) to some spicy stews and noodle bowls, if you are craving Korean flavors you will find it here, and in great portions. The flavors are superb, and served with an excellent array of kimchis and cold dishes. I recommend trying the spicy sticky rice, which were so good (the best I've ever had) that I couldn't wait to go back for more. And, with lunch specials during the week, it makes for an extremely affordable and delectable weekday treat. The service was great, they take your order quickly and without fuss, and bring it out efficiently and more or less let you enjoy it. No complaints! If you're in Syracuse and are looking for a good place to eat, I would recommend this, definitely, as one of my top 3! (oh! another thing: they also have a variety of imported beer on hand if that's your thing.)
Chorong House had been on my radar for a very long time and when we finally got around to visiting it did not disappoint in the least. Extremely authentic (I've lived in Korea) and tasty Korean food.  I had beef bulgoki and my girlfriend had pork bulgoki.  In the dish there was some onions mixed in, there was rice on the side and the dinner also came with 5 relishes which included kimchi.  Everything was very good, and the total bill was around $30 so it was very economical too. The place is a hole-in-the-wall type thing, and I would bet that the owners lived upstairs because it looked like a house.  The service was fine and the atmosphere did not at all detract from the food. I highly recommend it.
This is my favorite restaurant in Syracuse. Great value, excellent service, and super tasty food. I love all the free mini appetizers! Most Korean restaurants have them but Chorong House actually gives you the good stuff. Just make sure to check the hours before you head over! I haven't been here in about a year, but they used to keep strange hours (closed on Mondays, no dinner service, closed just for the day, etc). May be a good idea to call and check. After seeing all the lower reviews, I should add that I always went with a long time customer who is Korean-speaking and friendly with the owner. We may have gotten superior service, but my friend certainly got there some how.
I can't believe I'm the first to review this place and to me, it is a staple in the city of Syracuse! During my three years of law school in Syracuse, I went to this restaurant a countless number of times! It looks like a house on the outside, and when you enter, you will find the restaurant is split into two sections.  To your left, you will find the common dining area.  I rarely sat and ate there.  To your right, you will find where all the magic happens...several private rooms exclusively for groups and yup, you guessed it...KARAOKE!!! I first discovered this hang-out when a few friends from the Syracuse Asian Pacific American Law Student Association (APALSA) invited me and my good friend...we were just two lonely 1L's with nothing to do on a Friday night first semester of law school.  Who would've thought that we would soon adopt this place as our second home and as a place to escape all our law school fears?!  I am happy to know that as we continued on as second year and finally third year students we kept the tradition alive and introduced this place to the new students.  Keep it alive! In addition to the casual hang-outs here, friends and I celebrated one of my birthdays...and it was probably one of the best birthdays I've had so far!  It is a family-run restaurant and the daughter (Chorong...who the restaurant is named after) provided wonderful and efficient service.  I think what also helped was one of my good friends seemed to know the owners pretty well and was able to break down our wants and needs to Chorong and the rest of the staff.  Thanks, JT!  :) A number of my favorites include the seafood paejun, galbi ribs, seafood soup and spicy chicken.  Of course, you have to wash that down with the beverage of choice...soju.  The one in the green bottle...keep it real!  The plum wine was pretty good, too. I don't think I've ever had a karaoke experience here that was bad.  We usually sang our favorite hits..."No Scrubs" by TLC, "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi and this one Neil Diamond song that I can't remember right now. What I love about this place and will never forget is how late the owners used to let us stay.  We'd usually get there around 6 or 7...and sometimes stay as late as almost 1 am? If I ever decide to visit the 'Cuse again, you should find me here.
Authentic Korean restaurant. Don't be discouraged about the outer appearance. It looks like a small run down house but the food is absolutely delicious! I ordered the Kimchi fried rice and it was fantastic. Definitely would recommend.
Would have been 4 stars, but it's always a no-no it automatically charge for service in a place like this. It makes the food you serve (which is actually inexpensive) ridiculously priced. That being said, this place serves the best Korean food I know in Syracuse so far. The portions are large and flavorful, not overly salty, but warm and homey. I had a kalbi tang. There's only been one other place where I've had it that tastes good. Sadly, it was more expensive here in Syracuse than LA... However, it was large enough that I could give a little less than half away to my friends. I think two guys split what I had left for themselves. The only problem is that it's hard to get to without a car. Well, apparently it's walkable - but would you go when it's snowing? I think not. Of all the Korean restaurants in Syracuse though, Chorong has the best deal. Even my Korean friends think its a treat when we can come over.
Well deserved reviews! I really enjoyed my food and found the flavors and meal spot on.   However I had a few concerns I feel people should be aware of. I don't eat much processed food at all.  So I'm pretty sensitive to ingredients and for about a day and a half after eating here I had a headache. I also felt sluggish. Consulting with my dining companions we all concluded the same after conferring on our similar symptoms- possibly MSG. Makes sense. Just not my bag. I like that they posted they use beef broth in all soups, however I think they need a disclaimer saying, "we may put beef in everything". Over all it was a good experience, and I'm sure it is the most genuine Korean food in Syracuse. Its just not for me.
It may not be fancy but Chorong House has incredibly good food.  I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese food, enjoy Thai and like good Chinese food (which is scarce in Syracuse) but I had always been indifferent to Korean cuisine until I tried the food at Chorong House.   Everything from the dumplings to Korean style seafood pancake  to the bi bim bap  is excellent and very fresh - made with love.    I consider this and New Century Vietnamese to be the best ethnic restaurants in Syracuse and perhaps as good as you'll find in any US city in their categories. It's also very moderately priced and the two ladies who run it are charming and graceful.
The seafood pancake is the best
Service is like you're a guest in someone's kitchen...oh wait, you are. You are literally walking into a converted portion of a Korean mom's kitchen. They are extremely courteous and quick. Definitely returning when I go back to visit Syracuse! And yes, the food is homecooked and fabulous, and they don't skimp!  My 2 Korean friends who dragged me vouch for its authenticity, but forgive me if I use the wrong terminology. I just know it was good food! The Korean veggie/seafood pancake is awesome, although it could be crispier. Tons of little appetizers like most Korean places (bean sprouts, kimchee, perilla leaves), and the bimbimbap is **divine**. My friends were especially excited about the side dish/appetizers (better than average for Syracuse I assume?) Beer selection is pretty weak, and they will bring out cans of soda if you're looking for drinks. But Chorong has soju!
Went here with my wife on our first day in Syracuse. We had been unpacking all day and arrived around 9pm on a monday. Unsurprisingly we were the only customers, but we were welcomed in, despite feeling somewhat like heels for disturbing what could have been an early night in for the owners. More importantly however: the food was fantastic. We were given a nice selection of banchan, that were quickly replaced after finishing it. The (I believe) perilla leaf kimchi was beautifully savoury and spicy. Their regular kimchi was good too and the cucumber pickles were crunchy, spicy and delicious. I had ordered beef bulgogi, my wife got the chicken bulgogi. Both were exactly as they should be, marinated and grilled perfectly, sizzlingly hot and liberally tossed with scallions. It was a great welcome to Syracuse and as it's only a five minute walk from our place I look forward to trying out the rest of the menu.
The food was pretty solid but not amazing. I'm guessing there aren't too many great Korean options in Syracuse. The place itself is a dive. It's in like a shady row house with a mattress outside!!! A fight actually broke out between the owner's son and some other guy, doors slamming and all. Let's just say if this was not in Syracuse it would have a much lower rating!
Just had the pork/kimchi/tofu stew for the first time and was really impressed! This is the best Korean food you will find in Syracuse. Its in a bizarre location that feels like an empty neighborhood -- nevertheless, every time I dine at the house people are there. Service is good. The family who runs the business is sweet. Interesting tidbit: in conversation with the woman of the family who owns the business I learned that she and her mother forage greens in local parks on the periphery of Syracuse. My partner and I enjoyed some fermented fiddle heads and tender kimchi leaves. Thought this was neat.
Yes! This place was awesome! It was the first time I have ever specifically had Koren food so I was a little scared going in but I came out very satisfied. I probably came in with really low expectations and I am now riding high on being pleasantly surprised, but I don't think that feeling is going to go away. It s definitely on my list of favorite places to eat in this town.
I love the food here. I was never exposed to korean food before Syracuse. This restaurant made me fall in love with payeon, pancakes. Especially, the seafood pancake. I always eat it with extra kim chi and rice. I usually get the pork bulgogi, extra spicy. The dish comes out piping hot, the pork is extremely soft and tender. it comes in a red mild sweet and savory sauce. Other favs: fried rice, spicy seafood soup, beef bulgogi, kalbi. The only reason this restaurant does not receive a full five stars is because of the service. The staff is extremely friendly but completely understaff. They have one server and one cook. They could easily seat fifty customers and usually do. if you are in a rush, do not come during rush hours because you can easily wait 30 minutes for your food. Another issue is the price, food is a bit overpriced for my college budget. Be patient and willing to pay(auto grat as well) and you will enjoy the best korean food in syracuse.
We ate here on our drive to New York. The restaurant site is a typical residential house converted. Each room of the house is setup as a private dinning room. The decor is cheap but kept fairly clean. Not a place for romantic dinners. Like many other reviewers, I agree the seafood pancake is very good. The pickles and kimchee were not good in comparison to the main dishes. Bottom line is the place is family friendly, good for large parties and convenient along the way, outside of other major metro cities which have good Asian food.
This is exactly the gem you want to find when traveling. We stopped at Chorong House on our way to the Finger Lakes, courtesy of Yelp. The internet is a beautiful thing, because we never would have happened upon this hole-in-the-wall, otherwise. The inside is a dive, and for me, that's often the first sign that the food will be great. I'm assuming that it is a husband/wife that run this place--he waits tables, she's in the kitchen making magic. I had the rice dish that comes in the cast iron pot, which was as fun to eat as it was yummy. My partner had the kimchi pork dish which was also really, really, good. We left extremely full. Go here!
A short ten minute walk from Whitman School of Management. Personally, Chorong is my favorite Korean restaurant in the Syracuse area. However, I have only been to three or four. Restaurant environment is homey because it is inside one's home. I'm a big fan of rice dishes and the dol sot hits the spot.
Probably my favorite place to eat while dorming in Syracuse. I miss the asian yuminess in the city and the restaurants on Marshall just don't cut it. This is basically the family's home but turned into restaurant style. Like with all Korean food, its going to be pricey. And when the menu says spicy, its spicy. Even my korean friends were surprised and sweating as they were eating their spicy noodle soup. I recommend the Seafood Pajun (Pancake)! Its also not THAT far a walk, but definitely wouldn't recommend walking it alone at night.
Delicious! The food is so good! You are not paying for the atmosphere, but for the food. The cook has found her calling in life. I just discovered this place last night and will now be visiting again and again.
Definitely 10/10 for the taste of the food! However, it is somewhat pricey and the restaurant is small and old.
Definitely 10/10 for the taste of the food! However, it is somewhat pricey and the restaurant is small and old.
Some Items are kinda overpriced.seafood pancake is large. Bulgoki is yummy but kinda salty and over marinated. Tofu soup is only available in seafood and pork stew--while I love it in beef stew the best
Upon entering Chorong House, the girlfriend and I were...more than a little confused. I had seen all the 5 star reviews but didn't bother to read that this was someone's home in which you're expected to take off your shoes. So, a little unsure of what exactly we were supposed to do, we decided to sit down in the fast food-like seating area at the front. The food was good, service was good, but probably not somewhere I'd go back to.
Wait staff prompt and kind. Food styled good presentation- authentic. Taste true to culture and amazing! When I visit Syracuse from NH- this is definite stop. Environment is unique- quaint but very clean.
Good food but for the price $79 for four and they add a mandatory 15%tip), I prefer Secret Garden.  Safer neighborhood, better atmosphere.
This place is oddly expensive for its divey ambiance (it's literally situated in an old house).  My boyfriend and I had brunch here and the bill came out to $65!   We were totally shocked.  We ordered 1 appetizer (the pepper pancake) and 2 entrees (both vegetarian/tofu bibambop) and 1 little bottle of korean raspberry wine.  The wine itself was $15, for a very small bottle, which is, admittedly, not _that_ bad.  But there was no disclosure of the price on the beverages list.  We thought we'd be getting a one glass or something, for maybe half the price.  Anyway, so that was surprising. But even if you take that out of the equation, our lunch came out to $50 for two people eating only from the vegetarian options, so no seafood or anything fancy.   It just really irks me when the vegetarian options are more expensive than the meat options! But to end on a positive note, the Korean ladies that work there are very sweet and it is nice to see some authentic (albeit weirdly expensive?) Korean food in the upstate area.
A diamond in the rust that is Fayette street. I may not be an expert in Korean food but I do know good spicy food...and this place has knocked my socks off. Yes, it is in a house, no the atmosphere isn't fabulous, maybe even a little rough around the edges, but that's exactly what makes it so special. It makes no effort to distract the customer...the food speaks for itself. In the two times I've gone, I've had their vegetarian Bibimbop, seafood pancake, grilled mackeral and marinated short ribs paired perfectly with a gingsing infused wine. Everything was delicioius and everything was piping hot and made to order by one of the family members, all whom are sweet and friendly...especially  the daughter. Count me in as a regular!
Looks like a mom and pop restaurant, with authentic Korean. The bathroom was kind of strange -- reading material in there, a shower curtain, more like a home bathroom than a restaurant bathroom. The food was really good. Bibimbap and Jap Chae. The rice in the bibimbap was crispy, which I love. Try it and you won't be disappointed.
This place was delicious.  Just ate there for dinner tonight with my family.  There was no high-chair, but we just doubled up on the dining chairs and it worked just fine for our 22 month old.  We had the vegetable pancake and mandoo appetizer - both were excellent.  The daenjang jigae, which is a bean paste tofu soup with veggies was tasty.  Others with me ordered the duk mandoo gook (dumpling and rice cake soup), and the bbq spicy pork.  The kimchi was excellent.  This restaurant is situated within a house and has that home-cooked homey feel.  One interesting thing I noticed is how the 15% gratuity is already included on the bill.  For 4 adults and a toddler, our total was roughly $70 for 2 appetizers and 4 entrees.  I would definitely come back here again.
Chorong House is awesome! It's the one place in Syracuse I go to when visiting. The dishes are amazing and better than many Korean restaurants back in NYC. I think the prices are decent when compared to NYC Korean restaurants! I'm obsessed with their bulgogi and their fried rice dish which my friends and I call "crack-fried rice" because it's so addicting. Their spicy dishes really hit the spot for me. I've had such good memories here!
this place is so unique. you're in a kitchen of someone's house and they serve you amazing korean food. casual and delicious and friendly. i recommend the seafood pancake.
I really don't find this place any special compared to other Korean restuarants. Their food is just mediocre and there's not ambiance to speak about.. It's more like a housewife's home cooking. The price is about the same as Korean food in NYC. I'm not impressed at all.
Anyone who gives this more than 2 or 3 stars has yet to eat in an average Korean restaurant. The food is mediocre and anything but authentic Korean. A side dish of macaroni and cheese? Large chunks of green pepper in the pulgogi? The service was good and the owners seem like nice people, but the food is not particularly good.
I tried Chorong House because of the highest korean restaurant rating in Syracuse area on Yelp. It was good, but not a 4 star place from my opinion. The flavor. As an non-korean (I'm Chinese), I have no qualification to judge the authenticness of the food there. All I could say is that it was  good-tasting and very home-made style. I ordered a Ja Jang Myun, of which the seasoning too mild to be a restaurant dish. If you are not very familiar with Korean or other Asian foods, and you want to try some representative dishes, I would not recommend this place. But if you are from Asian, this place might remind you of your childhood's flavor. The atmosphere. Simple and clean, very home style. To compare with the other two Korean restaurants near Syracuse University, I would say Secret Garden is the best, then Chorong, then Mok Hwa. The service. This restaurant seems to be home-owned, so the waitress may also be the hostess. She was very nice and kind, and would chat with familiar guests like friends. But this place charge mandatory 15% tip on the check, which is reasonable though. If you are living nearby, this place is worth a shot. If you drive from other cities all way to Syracuse only to eat here, think twice.
Family owned small restaurant with authentic korean food. Food is delicious but a little bit pricey.
I really enjoy there dishes. The free appetizers here are a little bit better then  the compitition and I can actually eat them.  Be warned its not a pretty looking place.  Seems they tried way too many styles.  But at the same time looks like they did what they could to make it feel authentic.  NOT THIS!  they auto charge you tip.  So all you skimpers out there might want to not try it here.  other then that i love there beef dishes.  they are pricey though
Learned about Chorong via Yelp.  Thanks Yelpers.  Hands down the best Korean in town.  Everything I've tried so far has been excellent with the top honors going to the pork stew with kimchee.  Service is FAST even when it's busy.
Great bibambop
Best Korean Restaurant in Syracuse. Love the Home style Cooking
The best Korean in town, by far. friendly staff.
I'm not really into Korean chow but I went here with some Korean student friends. I can't give it five stars cuz I'm not a big fan of the Korean cuisine but I'll give it four for being fun and authentic.  The trick is ask to sit in the rear back rooms on the floor and get the real deal experience.  It seemed like all the non korean whites like me usually sat up front at the tables while the smart Koreans all got the back room set up.  So ask for a back room and enjoy
last time I went part of my Bibimbap was still frozen ( some of the vegetables)...the time before it was good.  I dunno- slippin'?
I was excited to see this restaurant was walking distance from my hotel since I didn't have a car. I have been here twice and it will be the only place I eat when I am visiting Syracuse. It is definitely a Korean restaurant. (I've been to Korean restaurants in Korea and Los Angeles.) It's super casual, they don't run the air conditioning and service is a bit disjointed. (Typical of small Korean restaurants.)  It's not my mom's food, but still good. I tried at least four dishes. The duk bok ki. was delish!! Spicy and not soupy. The kimbap was good, but unexpectedly had spam in it. Good thing I like spam. (Not a traditional way to make it.)  The bibimbap was good, but next time I'm gonna have it in the hot pot. The egg was sunnyside up rather than over easy which made it a bit more liquid than I like. The jampong was spicy with the right amount of seafood and veggies, but a bit oily. (Got it all over me.) I went there for an early dinner. The place got busy, mostly Korean and Chinese students. Of all the Korean restaurants I've tried all over the country, it hit the spot for this traveler who was missing home.
Probably the best place for Korean food in Syracuse. I was initially weirded out by how the restaurant is essentially the owner's house, but the food made me forget all about it! It's a little expensive, but I find Korean food in New York to be generally overpriced. Great stews (spicy and with a nice depth in flavor), and perfect for the frigid apocalyptic winters of Syracuse!
I went here one afternoon when SU must have been on spring break, as it was completely empty. My friend and I ordered kimchi sundubu and kimchi jeyuk bokkeum. Both were good. I thought the sundubu was more flavorful and less watery than Han Biwon, but it didn't compare to my foster mom's sundubu or my favorite sundubu place in Sinchon. Would I be back, though? Yes! I'm happy that there's someplace other than Biwon to get Korean in Syracuse!
Definitely the best Korean option in Syracuse. Decor is like dining at your aunts house, but food is high quality and very tasty. They specialize in stews and also have excellent noodles. Haven't tried the BBQ but it looks/smells authentic. Great place to grab hot soup on a cold day. Excellent lunch specials.
The food was decent though I had a hard time getting over the price and the mandatory tip. $44 seemed pricey considering we each had just one dish and a beer apiece -- considering the fact that you fell like you may be taking your life in your hands going here if you aren't familiar with Syracuse.
Great service and atmosphere!
I haven't found many good quality Korean restaurants, but this place is ok in terms of taste. I can't say it's great. I find the cleanliness of the place quite questionable, but it has great duk boki - which are rice cakes. But, the fact that I generally have gastrointestinal issues after eating here is not something I can get past and so I haven't gone back and can't recommend it to you.
a bit expansive.  But good food
would rate ambience about a 1 out of 5.  interesting use of bathroom tile on the floor.  i guess it has it's own charm, in a hole-in-the-wall kind of way.  would rate service a 3 or 4 out of 5, overall friendly.  the dishes we ordered were a mixed bag...the rice dishes, including bibimbap and gimbap (korean maki rolls), were oddly flavored...both my family and i tasted a hint syrupy sweetness, i can only describe as tasting like aunt jemima pancake syrup....very weird.  the mandoo soup was excellent, a 5 out of 5 and would recommend it highly.  the cost, a bit on the high side for the ambiance, but less expensive than the other korean restaurants in the area.  we didn't get the korean pancakes, but hear that they are also good.
