This is a tiny hole in the wall place with terrific food! A few weeks ago after a long day, we stopped in here near their closing time and the waitstaff was very friendly and welcoming.  The food was terrific - the  falafel and dolma as good as they get.  The Sambousek were wonderfully tasty and spiced to perfect but the dough suffered because they were frozen and heated for us in the microwave - something that would not happen at an earlier hour.  We took home a Spanakopita for heating for the following day - and it was perfect - slight citrus flavor and flaky pastry.   The entrees we had were the gyro and the chicken both were very pleasing.  They have take out and delivery service - which is good news to anyone living in Downtown Syracuse.
I'm from out of town.  I called at lunch and requested delivery service.  Initially, the young lady who answered the phone was difficult and didn't seem to want to accept the delivery order.  She stated the hotel I was staying must be within 5 miles.  I gave her the address, then she stated within 3 miles.  I explained Yelped placed them .2 miles from the hotel.  Long story short...the items I wanted to order are only available after 5PM.  I have no idea of the food quality but I wouldn't waste my time driving there to find out.  Perhaps training their employees on "soft skills" is low on managements list.  You lost a lunch order for 20 people...easily $300.  Now who do you think lost in the exchange??? I wonder!
I just can't order from this place again. Delivery is so inconsistent. The food is great, but it takes forever to be delivered. The last excuse I was given was that they had a large catering order to deliver. I presume they knew about this ahead of time, so why not arrange for someone to deliver the rest of the orders? Ridiculous to place an order at 11 and not have it come until after 1:00. I've never dined in, but after several chances and having the order come seriously late more than once I'm done.
Hole in the wall. 3 or 4 tables. Some window counter seating. Basically, no frills, excellent Lebanese food. Not the best, but excellent. Well air conditioned on a hot summer day. Girl working that waited our table was pleasant and happy. My wife and I enjoyed our experience and will return.
The food here is excellent.  Being from Dearborn, MI, I was so excited to know there was a place to get delicious kebobs, hummus and falafel.  It's a 40 minute drive, but well worth it.  I recommend this place to anyone!!!
This is a small cafe place. The food was great. We were here for the restaurant week. There is nothing we don't like on the menu. Usually when I dine out, I avoid ordering chicken because it is very easy to have them overcooked, but this was not the case here, the chicken kebab was one of the best ones.The baklava was really good. I thought the service could be a little better but again, it's a mom and pop store so they don't have that many wait staff. Overall a great experience. And they been on Diners Dives and Drive-ins.
The planets finally aligned and we were downtown for lunch when Byblos was open! I had been wanting to try it since seeing it featured on Diners, Drive ins, and Dives.  I was excited to find authentic Lebanese food without making it at home. The restaurant is very small, but cozy and inviting. We were overwhelmed by all the amazing choices and my mouth was drooling just reading the menu! I settled on the falafel wrap, and my mate almost ordered 1 of everything else, lol! We had a buffet spread out on our table and we indulged in the most amazing meal I have had in a while. It's all good.. The hummus was creamy with a wonderful pool of olive oil in the middle, the tabbouleh tasted like it was chopped fresh just for our order, and the falafel was nothing less than perfect. We left stuffed, carrying a bag of leftovers, and grabbed some baklava to go. We will be back... Soon!
Maybe not a place for dine ins, there are only three small tables with a few mis-match chairs! But the food is really good here! Even the simple green salad tasts great! The tabule salad is very fresh and yummy and falafels are just delicious! The chef is a very nice lady who came to our table and got us a piece of  very nice cheese baklava on the house! Prices are reasonable. There is a tip jar on the counter which makes the tipping situation confusing! Because of the jar I thought they do not expect the regular 15-20% tip, I though putting 3 bucks in the jar for a $32 bill is enough but the chefs quick change in attitude showed me that she expected more! I happily paid another $3 and apologized for not tipping enough but it's that jar that makes the matter confusing!
Super delicious FRESH food. It's tiny inside, and they have outdoor tables when it's nice out, but it's still maybe 5 tables max, so I usually do takeout. It's taken roughly 30 minutes each time (more than they've quoted over the phone), so just beware of that. It's my only complaint though, and I get over that type of thing quickly when the food is worth it. It is at this place, and as mentioned, super fresh tasting. The tabbouleh is fabulous- very high herb to bulgur ratio. Falafel is very flavorful and converted a friend who thought she didn't like chickpeas. Kebabs, rice, hummus, labneh, etc have all been great, and the garlic sauce, oh the garlic sauce. To die for. If you like garlic, you will be in heaven. Prices are also very reasonable. Last quick tip, the grape leaves are some of the best I've had, and they have them both with and without meat. However, I ordered a vegetarian platter recently and mine had meat in them. I eat meat so that is fine with me, but I'd probably have been upset if I was a vegetarian. So just make sure to specify which is your preference.
We were in town and were hungry.  After a quick search of nearby places with the help of Yelp, we decided on Mediterranean and found this place.  From the outside it looked very small and especially when we went inside, but still looked like a good place.  The looks and smells suggested a good place.  With it being lunch, we ordered a gyro sandwich lunch special and a beef kabob meal. We were not disappointed!!! Even though the place was small, the food was large in flavor!!! The gyro dayes was something I never tasted, something you can tell was a homemade recipe and don't get me started in the kabobs...juicy and bursting with flavor.  From the deliciousness of lunch we had to order some baklava, but unfortunately I haven't had it yet, but my wife tells me it was just as good as the meal with flavor.  So....YES... I would recommend this place and would definately return for a second round!!!!
My fiancée and I had dinner at Byblos as a part of downtown dining week, and our experience was a mix of good and bad. The food was mainly good, but the service was lacking. For appetizers, I had the spanikopita, which was really good, but the falafel my fiancée got tasted of burnt oil. Both soups were very good, and the accompanying pita chips were also good. The kabobs I got were very good and my fiancee's lamb was also delicious. However, his entree was accidentally delivered to the other couple seated at the counter. We weren't sure if that was supposed to be his entree until I saw one of the waitresses look at us, notice I had an entree & he didn't, and then immediately rush to the kitchen and start frantically speaking. Eventually he got his entree, but no apology for the delay was ever given. Additionally, our water was never refilled and the level of service just seemed lower than what we'd anticipated. The baklava dessert was very good, so we ended our meal on a good note. From our experience, we'd recommend ordering take out, but the service was so bad we will probably not "dine in" again.
Company meeting lunch where we had some food delivered.  It was all soggy, błand and some of the wraps were stale.  Baklava was blah,nd seems the thought we would overcome the crappiness of the food by dipping into a vat of   Blah and tasteless hummus.  Many people could barely eat their selection. We crossed this off or ordering list.  King David's is heads above this slop.  I shudder to think what the kitchen looked like where this stuff was prepared.
One of my fave places in Syracuse. Very family friendly place.   Love their tabbouleh and kabobs. Hummous is consistently excellent. I get the impression that the food here is nutritious and healthy.
Amazing Mediterranean food!!! We went there because I had seen that they had been on Diners, Dives, and Drive-ins, and it didn't disappoint! The food was amazing as we got the falafel wrap and they lamb gyro! The baklava was AMAZING!!! This place is definitely worth going to if your craving Mediterranean! The only reason this place is getting 4 stars in stead of 5 (which I think it deserves 4.5), is that the folks who were working, while they were very nice and courteous, were often distracted and not very attentive... Plus the size of the place is like a shoe box, they definitely need a bigger space!
I wish I could give it a 3.5... -Their pita bread is fantastic -they are skimpy with the hummus I had this entree with like nuggets of steak, rice, salad, hummus and pita bread. It was ok, I just wish there was more meat and rice. That being said its not expensive at all, so I would add extra o everything and charge more I guess. I was just left wanting more. Appetizers -grape leap wrapped over rice and beef was not memorable(needs more flavor) -and this feta cheese with spinach(looks like a sandwich, but is not). Again nothing memorable. As far as seating, yes it's small in there, but we all go there for food, so who cares.
2.5 stars You go to the counter which is 5 steps from the door, you order and then you sit at your table and your surprised because she serves you like if it's like a restaurant. My meals came out one by one, salad, then pita and hummus and gyro over bed of rice. It's cooked to order and it had a very good atmosphere. Although the food was ok. The Gyro Entree came with pita, hummus and salad. You can upgrade your salad for a dollar to special salads so I chose Mediterranean salad. The salad and the hummus was good. But it was just weird eating gyro alone on rice. I've always had gyro with lots of salad and white sauce. Plus the gyro was like dried out beef jerky but oily.
Food was excellent, prices were good, lady was super nice.   Had the chicken kabob sandwich and baba ganoush, yum!
Ordered lentil and spinach soup with falafel and humus. Soup was okay and falafel was bland. Moreover they take too long to serve. It was way far from the best Mediterranean food i had. Disappointed!
I was pleasantly surprised by the creamy humus and flavorful kofta kabobs.  The rice was also tasty.   Not a great place to dine in, but well worth the wait for the food.  Authentic baklava to finish off the meal. also they make knafe some nights!
Fresh ingredients made to order, but where's the flavor?
Sooooo much better than King David's and Munjed's.  Very good, very fresh Lebanese food.  Literally a Mom and Pop establishment and very small.  We do takeout from there and I can't imagine making a point of going there for a sit-down meal.  We usually allow for 30-45 minutes for a takeout order.  Prices are good, given the quantity. I'm a vegetarian and can recommend the hummus, baba ghanuj (some of the best tahini-based baba ghanoj I've had - nice smoky flavor), falafel, labneh (creamy farmer's cheese), stuffed grape leaves (make sure to specify meat-free if that's what you want, as they don't assume it if you order the vegetarian platter), and spanakopita.  I also like their pizza, which isn't huge, but is bigger than a piece of pita.  The za'atar mankoushe pizza is pretty tasty. My husband and father-in-law are big meat eaters and can recommend the gyro wrap (I'm not sure what someone else was complaining that it only contained meat and rice, as my husband's always comes with lettuce, tomato, and yogurt sauce as the menu specifies) and chicken kebabs.  The chicken comes with a homemade garlic sauce on the side and in the future I'm ordering a container for myself, as it's really delicious and great for dipping the pita bread. Our favorite Middle Eastern restaurant in Syracuse.
Awesome Mediterranean food. Super friendly staff as well. Try out the four course special sometime - it's worth it!
Far from the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had, but still pretty good.  I had the vegetarian platter with delicious babaganoush, mediocre hummus, decent tabbouleh, and excellent spinach pie.  Finished off the meal with Turkish coffee, and some of the best walnut baklavah I have every tasted.  A solid place to grab lunch.  Pretty small establishment but  they have nice outdoor seating area for the 3 weeks a year that the sun is shining in Syracuse!
Ordered a falafel wrap with tabbouleh and a can of coke.  Tabbouleh was tasty, the falafel wrap was bland.  Got food poisoning!  No fun while visiting the city.
We ordered Byblos from Grubhub one night when we were too lazy to cook, and were exceedingly pleased.  The Meat Lover's sampler and a Mediterranean salad fed two hungry people for dinner AND lunch the next day.  Even the rice pilaf (which I usually think of as kind of a throwaway dish in a sampler platter) was moist, properly cooked, and flavorful. The meat pies and kebabs were spicy and delicious.  One caveat: I'm pretty sure the pita bread isn't homemade - it looked like someone had just sliced some store-bough stuff in half.
Being Lebanese myself, I went in with clear knowledge of what everything should taste like from my family growing up. I ordered the tabbouleh and it was great! Not at all grainy like other restaurants or the store bought crap. The kibbeh was very good. The Sampoosa was delicious as well as the grape leaves. When I need a quick fix for some good Lebanese food, this place feeds my need. It's great when I can't make it to my mothers house for home cooked. Next time, I will make sure to try the Kousa (stuffed zucchini) and the baklava.
I tried this place when I was feeling adventurous one day and came away very impressed.  I thought the falafel wrap was excellent.
GREAT food, just around the corner from Dino BBQ on Clinton St. Really excellent Eastern Med stuff: all the usual hummus baba ganoush, plus fool mudammus etc. Clinton is one way N to South, so location is pretty lousy, but it's worth getting to. They also do takeout.
I only recently visited here for the first time, and I am sad that I waited this long!  Anything I have had here has been absolutely delicious - it tastes fresh, homemade, authentic, and robust.  I've tried their stuffed grape leaves, mujadara, spanakopita, and both walnut and cheese baklava.  I can honestly say it was the BEST walnut baklava I have had anywhere - crispy, sweet, flavorful - almost melts in your mouth.  PLENTY of options for vegetarian eaters.  The prices are reasonable, the staff is wonderful, and I can't wait to go back for more!
Came here on a Weds night around 7ish. They were filled to capacity considering their dining room consists of 2 tables. Service was outstanding! Food was even better! We had the meat platter and it was awesome! The owner kept apologizing that the food was taking long but it really wasn't. we only had to wait about 30 min which I think isn't long at all. This is definitleyt our new favorite place!
Gonna have to temper my enthusiasm for this place after going a second time - I got maybe half as much food as I did the last time, and for 12 bucks, it wasn't a good deal.  If I wasn't moving away from here (thank Christ) I might not go back again.
I gotta update my review - I just had the chicken kabob dinner and it was awesome!      Moist and tender it was perfectly done!    The garlic sauce was as garlicy as ever so my prior warning stands - if you don't like garlic, don't try the sauce!
The food is made to order ... Very fresh and the cooking time is very long.  They probably could do a better job with prep in the kitchen.  For a shish kabob take out dinner, I called in 35 mins before I arrived at the restaurant.  I then waited another 15 minutes for the food to be done ( no, they were not busy at all).  But my dinner was worth the wait.  I love the house dressing for the salad- so lemony and refreshing.  The garlic sauce is to die for... If you are not planning on kissing anybody after eating it!
Byblos is one of my favorite Syracuse lunch spots. Great fresh food at a good price. Usually get the falafel wrap with a side and a drink for lunch (under $10). Have done take out for dinner too which was delicious. If you love Lebanese food or have never tried it make it a point to eat here!
I do not usually give 5 stars out but this place is the exception.  Every item was spot on delicious.  Very fresh food.  I ordered the grilled chicken and it came with a dipping sauce made with garlic that was awesome.  All the components of the dinner meshed very well together.  The chicken was moist and super tender.  The bed of rice was cooked perfectly along with the grilled onions and tomatoe.  The hummous and falafel we also excellent.  The side salad with the super thin sliced radish and tangy lemony dressing was exceptional too.   I can't wait to go back and try the baba and tabbouleh.  The best part was ate more than I should have and the tab was under $20 and that included two waters for the road.
Fantastic! I got the vegetarian kabob for takeout and I couldn't have asked for anything to be better.  It was fast, hot, and fresh. The salad was great and I loved the dressing. Good hummus and pita bread with it too. Also loved the rice. Basically, it was the best I could have imagined.
I've ordered from here twice.  Each time, they take about an hour and 1/2 for delivery.  The food is only so/so, definitely nothing to rave about so in my opinion, I don't understand why it gets such great reviews.  The gyro is typical, you can get something similar at any other place that makes gyros.  This last time, we also ordered the Rotisserie Chicken wrap.  It was a huge disappointment.  It was bland, super small with very little chicken and not worth the $12 for the deluxe.  We also ordered the local cheese dip for an appetizer, and it didn't come with anything to dip!! I guess we were just supposed to eat it plain?  The hummus on the side was bland, and the rice pilaf on the side was similar to instant rice.  They also forgot one of our sodas.  For two wrap deluxe (A wrap with a side and a drink), and an appetizer, it cost us $34.  Outrageous!  Not to mention that they have a $25 minimum delivery charge.  After the first time, we were not impressed, but wanted to try it one more time to give it a fair assessment.  Never will we be ordering from here again.  I would give it a one star for all of the negative factors, but the food itself deserves two stars.  Try Black Olive, the food is 100 times better for less cost--Hands down!
Better Tabbouleh then King Davids and Munjed's. Place is very small. I think there is maybe 2 or 3 tables inside. Seems more setup for takeout. Food is good, a little cheap with the pitas. King Davids is considerably more generous when it comes to pitas. Really have no complaints. Great Mediterranean.
Finest falafel in town.
