I live in Rochester which is a good hour+ away and make it a point to visit Eva's several times a year. Simply put, this is my favorite restaurant, all time, period. I don't know what to say that has not already been said by countless other here, the atmosphere could not be more pleasant, the employees are family and the food is unlike anything I've ever had. My go-to dish is the Kielbasa dinner, with Sauerkraut and rogies. The consistency in quality with such a great dish is uncanny, it's like they have a platoon of Polish grandmas that are on call at all hours. I also faithfully order a side of green beans and bread crumbs every time that again never seems to waiver in quality. As others have mentioned, the desserts are also incredible, however I often find myself with limited selections as we are often there well past closing. That's another thing, I don't know of any other restaurant that would make their guests feel more welcome when they're staying there a good half hour after the doors are closed but it happens to us routinely at Eva's. They also have a great selection of Polish and European beers, nothing beats a big bottle of Zywiec to wash down a big plate of stuffed cabbage or green beans. I could type all afternoon about this place but that will just keep you from coming here soon, do yourself a favor and go to Eva's!
My family has been going to Eva's for years. Walking into the restaurant, you immediately feel like you're walking into someone's home. The walls are adorned with family photos. It's like Eva and her family are welcoming your family into their home. Eva's menu consists of Polish fare, sandwiches, and the best Greek salad in CNY. Yes, the best Greek salad is served at a Polish restaurant. Why is it the best? Because Eva's uses the freshest ingredients. Everything, including salad dressings, is made in house. Begin your meal with the creamy leek salad and warm green beans. Enjoy the pierogis, Bigos (Hunter's stew), kielbasa, and other delicacies. I highly recommend the Ruskie pierogis with red cabbage on the side. Save room for Eva's desserts, cheese blintzes, and farmer's cheese or blueberry pierogis. The peach custard is my favorite. No matter how full I am, I always order dessert at Eva's.
I've been looking for a great hole-in-the-wall place since 'Cuse really is the land of chain restaurants and I think I have found it at Eva's! I went there for a late lunch with a friend on a Sat afternoon and the food was glorious. I think we were a little too overly ambitious as we tried 4 different kinds of pierogi (ahem, that's 24 HUMONGOUS pierogis total), the soup of the day (creamy tomato/red pepper goodness), leek salad, AND kielbasa. Eyes bigger than their stomach, anyone? First, the place itself is like stepping into a Polish grandma's house. There's an actual children's play area right next to the front dining area and the walls are an explosion of all things Polish, including a row of what looked like 100 dolls (creepy to some, but I found this charming). Amaze-balls. The food: everything tasted as if it was made with love. The leek salad is really as amazing as everyone says. The best way to describe it is coleslaw but a million times better. All the pierogi tasted homemade and the skin was perfect. My favorite was the mushroom and potato one. I was not a fan of the "dessert" pierogi. It was described as having "sweet cheese" but really the cheese filling was curdled and sour - not really sweet at all. This may be personal taste though. Even reheated leftover pierogi tasted wonderful the next day (as there was a LOT left over). The kielbasa was good too although I'm not normally a huge fan so I may not be the best judge. The icing on the cake: a bunch of different Polish, German, Czech, etc beer. I asked for a summery one and we got the O.K. brand, which was good on its own but out-of-this-world with the raspberry syrup (trust me, just get it with any beer!). Our waitress was really friendly and when I joked if we had ordered too much when the food arrived she replied "oh everyone does that their first time!" (good to know I'm not the only one). We had absolutely no room for dessert although the berry and chocolate cake looked ah-mazing. I will be back to try those next time! I had to be rolled out. Happiness.
Found this place on Yelp when visiting from out of town.. We were served by Kayla and Ashley and being a waitress myself I can be quite the service critic. Let me tell you, this was the best service I've had in a long time. They were both so friendly and helpful and polite. All the food came out correctly and on time. I ordered the ruski pierogies and they were pretty darn good. Not as good as my friends grandma used to make but that's pretty hard to compete with. Other members in my party had the mushroom and potato pierogies as well as the lemon chicken sandwich, kielbasa sandwich and creamy tomato soup. All of which were also very good. We also ordered 1 dessert each and passed them around. The plate presentation was very cute and the deserts and mousses had great flavors. If I lived in town I would be back for sure!
We came here simply for the cheesecake; husband is a fiend. And he loved it! The women who served us was so pleasant. We have yet to try any of their food, but I'm sure it will be just as good.
I have been contemplating creating a Yelp account for sometime; however, it was my experience at Eva's  that inspired me to actually do so. I have been a student in Syracuse for two years and have gone to dozens of Cuse eating establishments.  None of those meals were as impressive as my experience at Eva's European Sweets.   First, the name is misleading; for Eva's is far more than a sweets shop. I went for a late lunch with several people. We ate family style so as to sample several different dishes.  For beverages, my fellow diners ordered from their selection of Polish, Russian, and German beers. I ordered diet orange soda.  Aside from the typical diet cola, Eva's also offers diet Dr. Pepper. I welcomed change of pace for a diet soda drinker. (The soda was pricey, but their are free refills.) We started with a leek salad, which was a well-conceived and excellently executed starter, and a cup of chicken and rice soup, that was also very good. We then tried their potato pancakes (placki). When the waitress learned that we'd like to sample the two different types of pancakes, she offered to serve us "mini" pancakes so we could each try them.  They were the best I'd ever had. Particularly, the sauerkraut in the sauerkraut potato pancakes was spectacular. We then had the hunter's stew (Bigos), three larger-than-expected cabbage rolls (golabki), a side of cabbage with beans and carrots, and a side of beef stew (gulasz). Each dish was memorable; however, it was beef stew that was particularly noteworthy as it was both rich but at the same time not too heavy. All of the dishes we tried were made with a deft hand. Despite being stuffed, we could not forget the dessert counter we walked past on the way in.  All of the dessert are homemade and as good as the earlier courses were, the desserts were even more impressive.  The plates were beautiful as they were elegantly decorated with chocolate syrup designed to look like small flowers.  We had a pear tart and a tangerine jello yogurt cake. Both were light, tasty, and not too sweet. The latter was especially scrumptious and unique. Their coffee was strong.   In sum, the food was fantastic, the prices were reasonable and the server was very helpful.  I would recommend Eva's to anyone visiting Syracuse.  If you had just one meal in Syracuse, I would be torn between recommending Dinosaur BBQ or Eva's.  If you are short of time and not in the mood for waiting for a table, I'd have to recommend Eva's. I will certainly going back . It's truly a diamond in the rough.
While enroute to Syracuse for the day, I was perusing for a local restaurant. I encountered this hole-in-the-wall on Yelp, so I decided to give it a shot. Upon entering, the setup and display immediately set a homely atmosphere. The employees were friendly and helpful, quickly seating us and advising a food idiot like myself what the restaurant's highlights were. I order ruskie perigois, with a side bowl of goulash and a Super Karpackie to wash everything down with. The food was served quickly, in an astounding display with unmatched flavor. The perigois were flavorful and got more amazing with each bite. The goulash was hot and complimented the main dish exquisitely. The beer was the highlight, as I'm a big beer enthusiast. The raspberry syrup that was optional gave it a taste I've never experienced before, and it did a fantastic job. If you're looking for a nice, local restaurant that offsets the big name places, like Dinosaurs BBQ, and enjoy Polish food, I highly recommend you check this place out.
I found this place on Yelp and TripAdvisor and couldn't be happier.  The food was delicious and the service was great. (We even met Eva and thanked her for a great meal.) My father had the kopytka (potato dumplings), which he enjoyed.  My mother and I shared the krokety z grzybami (mushroom croquettes), ruskie pierogi (potato and cheese pierogi with homemade sauerkraut) and placki ziemniaczane (potato pancakes).  Everything was great.  The flavors of the ingredients were really pure and  left plenty of room for us to season to our tastes.  The pierogi and sauerkraut were definitely our favorite. We finished off with a piece of  homemade tiramisu. Great evening overall.  Definitely recommend this restaurant.
Like a home away from home. Best blueberry periogies! I never thought anyone could compare to my grandmothers authentic polish cooking... But here...it's a close win. Delicious. Cozy. Loving.
Just go. It is authentic polish food, and I still have half the menu to try.
I love pierogi. I've been to New York, Chicago, even Poland (yes, the country) in search of the best, and I can say with confidence that Eva's makes the best that I've ever had. Try the potato and mushroom, those are my favorite, and don't forget the sour cream. They're all good, really. The sauerkraut and bacon variety are another favorite of mine. You can mix-and-match, and a full order of 12 is probably enough for a full meal for two, unless you're feeling really hungry. I've had their potato pancakes, chicken cutlets, and various other things on the menu, but I always come back for the pierogi. My friends and I keep returning because the family-owned restaurant's staff is always friendly and welcoming. The place is decorated like a Polish grandmother's house. Every time I go there I'm reminded why "keeping it in the family" leads to the best service and feeling at home. One night I arrived at 8, forgetting that they close early during the week. Despite the fact that they were ready to go home, they insisted on whipping myself and my girlfriend up a batch of pierogis to go. Their selection of Eastern European beer is the best that I've seen anywhere short of Brighton Beach, Brooklyn. The Zywiec Porter (Polish) stands out as a good dark beer, and they also serve one of my favorite wheat beers, Baltika 8 (Russian). Finish with one of their slices of pie, cake, or cheesecake. It's not called Eva's European Sweets for nothing. I'm usually too full at that point, but their desserts are amazing.
I was super excited to try this place after hearing about it through Yelp and seeing the high reviews.  I left a little disappointed unfortunately. The cabbage rolls were very good and the tomato sauce topping was as well, but the filling of beef and rice could have used a bit more flavor (S&P). The Perogies were above average as well.  The sweet cheese perogie could have use a bit more flavoring (topping it with currants would make this a lot better), but the potato and cheese one was worth the try. I had the salmon salad, which was a special, and it was solid.  The dressing was great and the greens were quality, but the salmon was lacking in the flavor department.  My friend let me try his greek chicken salad, which had an unreal rub on it.  This was a special as well, hopefully they make it a regular on the menu.   The specialty of the place are the daily made cakes.  Oh man! We had the hardest time choosing.  I ended up going with the Chocolate Mousse Cake.  Delicious and they served it with whipped cream, does it get any better?  My friend had the mixed berry buttercream cake was good, if you like a fruity dessert.  My other friend had the chocolate hazelnut cake which had an awesome crust on the side.  These cakes are a must try if you swing by. Overall the desserts are unreal, but the food could be elevated.
Amazing Polish food + reasonable prices + an interesting beer list = a great place for a night out.   This is a casual family restaurant (i.e., not fine dining) with very friendly service.  We shared potato & mushroom pierogies and Hungarian style potato pancakes (placki).  While I haven't had a lot of Polish food, both were amazing and have me wanting to come back again and again.   The beer list features about 20 Polish and Ukranian beers and prices are around $5.
The atmosphere is very nice, comfortable and natural feeling.  The food is alright, I'll explore the menu some more.  I had pierogies and kielbasa, which were both tasty.  I was disappointed in the bread that came with my meal, I had expected something authentic or rustic.  Can't have everything I guess.  I was very pleased with the selection of beer available, quite a few polish lagers on the list.  Dessert was good, I had a mint chocolate cake. Visit during the day for the coffee shop.
Drove by here while leaving a wedding this afternoon and thought that we should put something in our stomachs to hold us over until the reception 3hrs later. It was one of the best random food stops I've ever had (normally I am on yelp for at least 30 minutes before eating at a new place to make sure I don't regret my eating experience). We ate a simple meal of potato pierogies, meat pierogies & some potato pancakes. Everything came out quickly and fantastic. The pierogies were stuffed to the brim with filling. The filling of the meat ones were packed like a meatball. It tasted fantastic, but sometimes, because it was shaped like a meatball, all the filling would just be gone. No star is deducted for that because that is more of a little peeve not a reflection on the food itself. When the potato pancakes came out, they were a thin & flat. I had never seen ones like that before. But they tasted outstanding...so the size and shape no longer mattered. I've never been to Syracuse before this weekend and have no idea if I'll ever be back, but if I am - I will absolutely be back at Eva's. I want to check out more of what they have to offer.
Oh how I miss this place. One of my favorite spots in Syracuse. Used to spend time at a client up the street before moving cross country. Loved coming over to Eva's for lunch. Even better were dinners with my wife and friends, enjoying awesome food, with delicious beers. I loved the Pierogi and Kilbasa, but honestly everything I had there was awesome. Go often and try everything. Eva's is a must.
The food was awesome. The staff made you feel at home and answered every question we had (we'd never been to a Polish restaurent).  I ate way to much unfortunately; I wanted dessert. There desserts looked so damn good in the display case. They let me pick and choose what pirogues I wanted so that I could try each one. The kielbasa was the best I've ever had along with the pirogies. The red cabbage was delicious! A local gem I will definitely visit again soon!
Eva's is absolutely amazing. I didn't have any complaints. I had the Hungarian potato pancakes with a beet salad as a starter and the portions were great. Definitely order any of the bakery items and you will not be disappointed. They aren't as sweet as your normal American desserts, but nonetheless are awesome. I hopefully will be going again soon!
I was stuck in Syracuse for a day and decided to make the best of it. For lunch, I headed to Eva's European Sweets. This place is what I love about the old 'Rust Belt' cities...ethnic authenticity. Eva's was a gem of a place and was such a nice way to enjoy a unique element of Syracuse. The food was memorable. I enjoyed the Placki Ziemniaczane (Potato Pancakes w/ Applesauce) and the Saurkraut & Bacon Pierogi (6 piece). Both were wonderfully homemade and executed exactly like your Eastern European great grandmother would have! A must try while in the 'Cuse! FYI - Gets VERY busy around 12:30!!!
Absolutely loved this place! We stopped for lunch on the way from the airport to a resort because I was so impressed with the reviews. We have a huge variety of ethnic foods in Houston, but not so many choices when it comes to Polish. "Peroigi with sauerkraut and bacon, carrot salad, Polish beer (Zyweic), Golabki, and placki" to quote my wife's FB post - not too badly spelled, for a Filipino - were all delicious, and came in such quantities as to make a pretty delicious supper, too. The placki were Hungarian style, sort of goulash meets latke. I personally liked the pieroggi, though she would have probably preferred a version without sauerkraut. Highly recommended!
Every time we visit Eva's we comment that we really need to get here more often. Today, we had the Bigos (Hunter's stew) and Golabkis (cabbage rolls) both of which were excellent.     The red cabbage salad is a great starter but it's HUGE so plan to share.     As one of the other reviewers said, the bread is nothing to write home about but be sure to get some if you have the golabkis as you'll want to soak up the sauce! We'll try not to wait too long until our next visit.
We had: Kielbasa Potato pierogies Soup of the day, which was white kielbasa, veggies, potatoes, sauerkraut, hard boiled egg (delicious) Crepes for desert stuffed with farmers cheese, cinnamon, orange zest and glazed with chocolate sauce and raisins. Everything came with sauerkraut, horseradish on the side and I asked for some mushroom topping halfway through our pierogis. This was granted without hesitation, as the service was very pleasant and hospitable. The place gives a warm ambiance, decorated quite extensively which makes the experience more interesting. The food is deliciously authentic and makes for a nice change of pace from the usual Italian, BBQ, Japanese, etc. Overall, our lunch date was memorable and filling. We tried quite a few dishes, had desert with coffee, and had plenty to look at and discuss as we waited for our food - all for just 30 bucks. I'll surely come back as soon as the urge to switch it up hits.
Ambiance:  As you walk into this house/restaurant, the first impression is that this in grandma's house and then there is the temptation of the glass case filled with desserts in front of you.  There are several rooms with nooks suitable for a small private gathering. Food: Tasty dinner and dessert!  A good selection of Eastern European beers.
If you are seeking a 5-star, world class dining experience, look elsewhere. If you are looking to eat rustic food cooked to perfection in your Polish grandmother's kitchen, you've come to the right place. Whether it's the pierogi (ruskie!), golabki, or placki ziemniaczane (with a boatload of sour cream), you won't find more authentic Polish food in the entire state of New York. And that's not mentioning the wonderful beer selection or the tempting dessert window... Eva's is a Syracuse staple, with friendly service, a comfortable atmosphere, and a true Polish dining experience.
I loved this placed more than I expected to, and thats after it came highly recommended. My wife had the piergoies were the "best i've ever had". That alone is a meal. The goulash was REAL goulash..(not the beefaroni that the most local Syracuse restaurants try to pass off) with really tender meat with the perfect amount of paprika..I could've had two bowls easy. Desert was very good as well. We LOVED the service here..some of the best I've had, if not, the best in Syracuse. This place is a little gem...if you haven't been there yet..go ! :)
I ate here last year but the memory is still very fresh in my mind.  I loved eating Polish food as a kid growing up so I had to try all my favorites.  Kielbasa, potato pancakes, stuffed cabbage, and pierogis.  Sorry Eve but Nana made it better.  Still a great place.  Very friendly people.  Saw oldtime Polish people inside.  I would definitely go back next time I am in the neighborhood.
An instant favorite. I'm actually glad it's across town, or I would weigh 600 lbs by the end of the year. We had the Hungarian potato pancakes, hunter's stew, and bacon sauerkraut pierogies. For dessert we had the banana mouse cake, and the orange chocolate ganache cake. There were little flowers painted on the plates with...whatever that stuff is they use to do that. Great date place. Great family place. Friendly service.
Absolutely delicious! Love the pierogies and fries kielbasa! Good beer selection. Highly recommend!
Wow! This is a super cute place with real Polish food - the pirogies are amazing, but seriously, don't order too many! The cabbage rolls are yummy, and the beer is the real thing. I was transported back to summer in Krakow, but the interior of the cafe is more like a grandmother's parlor, full of glassware and knick knacks. It's so nice!
Great meal. Atmosphere is perfect and waitress was friendly. This place deserves all of the praise it's been receiving.
If it's authentic Polish food you're after then this is the spot.  I rate it as five stars not because it's "fine dining" but due to the authenticity and consistency of the food.  Every dish I've tried - from galompkies, pierogies and fresh sauerkraut to gulasz, potato pancakes and dumplings - has been fresh and perfectly prepared.   Desserts are also excellent and prices are moderate on everything. Eva's is on my short list of the best places to dine in Syracuse.
Absolutely worth the trip. Everything was amazing and the horseradish mustard was to die for! This CA girl would definitely fly back out to eat here again.
Visited here on a Saturday evening, the quaint place was rather busy, but the wait was short. The food was excellent, the wait staff very friendly and accommodating. Our waitress even divided a serving of dessert on separate plates.  Pierogi were so delicious and authentic my hubby was reminded of his Polish grandmother.  If I visit Syracuse again this Eva's will be on the itinerary.
Never heard of Eva's until watching Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives. It could very well be Syracuse's best-kept secret! Brought my teenage daughter for a nice mother-daughter dinner. Surprised by how amazing this little gem of a place is! Very crowded, but immediately seated at the window table. Quaint and homey. My daughter scoped the elaborate dessert choices through the glass case while we waited ever-so-briefly to have our order taken by the very friendly waitress. Very helpful in deciphering the choices on the menu. We tried the potato & cheese pierogies (aka Ruskie), and the potato pancakes with meat sauce (aka Placki Hungarian Style). Everything was delicious, and we were served quickly, in spite of the full house on a Saturday evening! Portions were extremely generous. We shared our two dishes and then each ordered a different dessert to share. The fact that they encouraged and welcomed sharing, to the point of bringing extra plates, was a nice surprise. I was impressed that they offer the option of ordering each individual pierogi with a different filling choice, if you wish! The Almond Cake and Raspberry Pie were both amazing. The desserts aren't overly sweet like their American counterparts. That was actually a welcomed surprise, as the richness of American desserts after dinner can leave you feeling sick and overfull. The desserts were unique in flavor. Loved how the tea was served with an extra pot of hot water, as well as tea bags in various choices, and our sodas were refilled without asking. If beer is your thing, there are even some interesting European choices served by the bottle. Very attentive waitress and excellent, fresh food. Eva's is a great place to bring your family, and also an excellent choice for dinner & movie night with your date. This will now go on our short list of favorite places!
If you are looking for authentic ethnic, home cooked, delicious and flavorful food with a cute and comfortable atmosphere, run don't walk to Eva's. I had the pleasure of eating here just the other day for the first time, and I was pleased on all levels of my being. I had the red cabbage salad, which was freshness and taste bud satisfaction to the 10th degree, and I had the cabbage rolls which were so good that the morning after I woke up craving them again. That good. The wait staff was attentive and happy to serve. I will be back very soon because I cannot go very long without those cabbage rolls and salad!
Highly recommended. Great food in a warm and cozy setting.  I had the goulash and it was perfect. They also have a really good selection of European beers. Try the Latvian brew.
Great Polish food. Good variety of pierogis.  It's easy to get to from 690. I try to stop by anytime I'm going through  Syracuse on the Thruway.
Yum Yum! We had potato pancakes, cabbage roles and those yummy doughy things that were delicious! Service was friendly and quick. Atmosphere was authentic and quirky! Delightful!
The best perogies in the entire city! It's small so you may have to wait but the service is out of this world right along with the food. You should give it a try if you can!
This is Eastern European comfort food at its best.  I'll pout just a tad because there's nothing Slavic on the menu, but there's enough touches of Hungarian and such to augment the Polish menu to satisfy anyone who had a grandmother from this part of the world.  The decor reflects the charm, with several areas in which to sit depending on the size of your group and the mood you're in. Of course, if you intend to save room for dessert, sit near the pastry counter! Our lunches today included a variety of pierogies and dumplings, and they were kind enough to serve one of us a small potato pancake to satisfy his curiosity. All the sour cream accompanying this is not for the lactose intolerant.  I added a side of red cabbage, which was large and essentially a family-style portion. But it was so good, I didn't let anyone else have more than a taste, and I could have ordered another side of it, it was just that good. Dessert today was just one item, the chocolate covered banana mousse cake, and many forks. The desserts are as rich as the entrees.  But you won't go poor here because the prices are very reasonable. What a great place.
Excellent Polish food in Syracuse! I just went here for the first time and the food was great. To start we tried the Greek Salad, which was like a typical one, and the red cabbage salad which was very tasty with a strong apple and carrot flavor. The potato pancakes were more greasy than I would prefer but still good. The kielbasa and sauerkraut were nice and juicy, not at all overcooked like some places. I really loved the potato and cheese pierogi. The sauerkraut and bacon pierogi just had bacon on top and the pierogi was all sauerkraut inside. I had heard that the desserts look better than they taste, but the chocolate caramel tart was delicious! It was too sweet for my taste to eat all at once so I took half of it home. The restaurant has a very homey feel to it, and I think it probably was a house. When you first walk in you feel like you are walking into someone's living room with a piano against one wall and many photos.  Of course there is a photo of Guy Fieri from the Food Network from his visit to the restaurant! They have a lot of seating and it's a good place for big groups.  There were a few big groups dining the night I went and we had to wait almost an hour to get seated.  I plan to go back for lunch or on a weeknight since it will probably less busy then.
I have made it here a few times and I have yet to be disappointed. My out of town family could not stop talking about the food after we left and still ask me if I've eaten there recently when I talk to them.
This food is my soul food. I grew up with my grandmothers and parents cooking these dishes. Eating at Eva's was my first time having this cuisine out at a restaurant and it was delicious. My group and I ate like Polish royalty. The atmosphere was humble and the service was warm. We ate family style and enjoyed warm green beans, the veggie sandwich,potato pierogies, potato & mushrooms pierogies, kielbasa, golabki, potato pancakes, sauerkraut, cabbage cooked with beans and carrots, red cabbage, and a cherry crumb pie.  A surprise to us, the side of cabbage cooked with beans and carrots ended up being our favorite. The veggie sandwich was the best veggie sandwich we have ever had.  The potato & mushroom pierogies were our favorite of the two kinds. As predicted, the potato pancakes were wonderful. And the green beans were a great way to start off too. Thanks Yelp for letting us know about this delicious restaurant! We will be back :)
My husband and I are here last night. The atmosphere and food are wonderful! It's a small place and they take their time making homemade wonderful food so be prepared to wait a couple minutes at the bar. It will be well worth the wait. We ordered the Greek salad (amazing feta cheese!), Kielbasa dinner, and the potato cakes with meat sauce. Everything was wonderful!
