5 big stars all the way!  My boyfriend and I stopped by at Gordon's for a bite to eat on our way to Niagara Falls.  It was already 3pm and we hadn't eaten all day and had been in the car for about 7 hours by that point, so we were ready for some good food.  Gordon's certainly did not disappoint.   LITERALLY THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE.  I wanted to get buffalo wings in Buffalo, NY and ordered 10 spicy Cajun BBQ wings and ate every single last one.  They were simply perfection.  So tasty, full of flavor and substance, and great with the ranch dipping sauce.  I felt like I was in heaven, eating those wings.  I also ordered a burger, which was nothing extraordinary, but the wings more than made up for it!   Our bartender/waiter was very nice and the place is certainly divey, but fun!  Good music, plenty of TVs (so I caught the UCLA game!), and they also have a popcorn stand!  Very awesome.  It certainly is a hole-in-the-wall, but thanks to Yelp, we had a wonderful experience there. I will definitely want to visit again in the future, whenever I'm next in Buffalo, NY!
Large draft beer selection. The wings are delicious and saucy. Huge portions for Fries and Onion Rings. Great Neighborhood Bar! Oh, and free popcorn!
Finally went to Gordon's on a Friday night, and so glad we did! I love the hole in the wall/ nothing fancy about it kind of feel. We sat ourselves in the dinning area and were served by Kari. She was very friendly and helpful. My husband had a burger that had Cajun seasoning on it, with BBQ sauce and all the fixings. My friend and I could not decide so we split the pork sandwich and the Oh Jesus burger. Both were amazing!! The burger was topped with banana, peanut butter and BACON! All sandwiches were served with their fresh hand cut fries. Delicious. I also loved the help yourself popcorn. The menu also was not overwhelming. A few sandwiches, wings, burgers and fish frys. Nice and simple. We will definitely be back!
Great wings- free popcorn! Go here for mixed drinks and beer... Not wine. Gotta love Gordon's!! 3 non critical violations most recent Erie county health inspection 3-16-2014
I've lived within walking distance of this bar for two years. I worked the next plaza over and always rode my bike past it. Seemed like a hopping place on a Thursday or Friday night. A few weeks ago, on a Saturday evening around 8pm, a friend wanted good burgers. Gordons was a suggestion so I said let's go. The burgers were super moist and well worth the $10. They have EBC BlueBerry on tap (one of my favorites). It wasn't too busy and the place was fairly empty. Last week, I went for drinks on a Friday at 10pm and this place was packed. They had live music which wrapped up just after I got there. The bartender Carrie is super nice! She even remembered me from the time before. I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone small group or even a date. They have booths on the side so there's more privacy. There is a pool table, dart boards and free popcorn!
I went here with some friends last night and definitely enjoyed it. They have a wide variety of beers on tap as well as a nice whiskey selection. I ordered a purple haze first. The raspberry fruit beer was good but the carbonation seemed off. Once I finished, I moved on to dirt wolf double IPA which was much better. It must have been the purple haze keg. We sat down at a table and served ourselves with the free popcorn that was offered. I love it when places do this. Now... Onto the food reviews: Hot cajun BBQ wings: The wings were crispy and smothered in the delicious sauce. I'm a big fan of sauces so I love saucy wings. The downside was that the wings themselves were very small. I would order them again though. Bananza Burger: A burger with BBQ sauce, american cheese, and thick onion rings it it. Again, a lot of BBQ but I love it. The burger was great, the thick home style onion rings made it. The burger patty itself was small though. The bun dwarfed it which was upsetting. It was also cooked very well done when I ordered it medium rare. I hate when that happens. The burger was served with hand cut fries which were awesome, I can only imagine what their cheese fries taste like. In short, this buffalo pub is a great place to go out with friends, watch the game (on their MASSIVE TV), and drink your faces off. Then when you get the munchies, the menu will definitely satisfy. I don't give Gordon's 5 stars because of the little things. When I go back, maybe it will be better. I recommend going here and trying it for yourself.
Great food and people. The bar tenders are very friendly and they have great TVs and wing specials.
Can't say enough good things about Gordon's.  It just a great neighborhood bar.  The bar tenders are all awesome - super friendly, quick to refill your beer and just great people.  This is also a family operation - two brothers own the business and mom & dad come in all the time.  Ever since I started working with my own father, I've developed a little bit of a soft spot for family businesses.  It's great to see people taking such pride in their work.   Gordon's is also making some big moves to become an even better biz.  They just added a 20 tap bar system and now feature 20 beers on tap - fab selection.  In addition, they're running a Friday night fish fry which very tasty.  And, they just started making fresh cut fries which are served with all their burgers and sandwiches.
Tried the Carolina Gold Wings tonight. They were fantastic. A nice take on a honey mustard wing with a little heat at the back end. This may be my go to wing here from now on and that's saying something because the BBQ Wing on the pit are great. Beer selection is still nice. 20 choices on tap. Summer Shandy is my current choice.
Kevin does a great job entertaining the bar on a Saturday night. I might be a married woman but I have a crush on him and the hot bartender that looks like that singer "Pink". I would love to join her soft ball team, if you know what I mean. I highly recommend this bar! When you're there try the huggie drinks! -Judy K.
My husband and I went  in for the beer, and stayed for the food.  The 20 tap beer selection was impressive and was an excellent variety of craft selections.  The fish fry was excellent.  Our food came out hot and crisp.  The hand cut fries were a special touch as were the homemade pasta salad and broccoli slaw.  We really enjoyed our meal and will make plans to visit again.
I have been going to Gordons since the bar opened. Throughout the years the bar has changed but so have I. Gordon's recently gutted their taps to make room for 20 new tap lines.  The selection is quite good and includes multiple craft beer choices, including Southern Tier, Bells, Great Lakes, Victory, and Founders. (Changing out regularly)  They also have a very expensive whiskey selection. Gordon's wings are among the best I've had in Buffalo. Their Cajun hot bbq sauce is outstanding along with the regular hot wings.  They will even throw them on the pit for you. They recently added a new burger menu. While I have only enjoyed one, I am sure they are all quite good. Free popcorn, darts and a ton of flat screen TVs make Gordon's a perfect spot to hang out and watch multiple sporting events at once.  They also have free live music Friday and Saturday nights sometimes featuring the great Tim Britt. The staff is always friendly and attentive and you never feel unwelcome at Gordons.
This is probably the best neighborhood bar.  Why, you ask?  Please let me tell you. 1.) Atmosphere:  You can come with a select handful of friends, just you and your companion for the evening, or a whole load of people and you will have a great time.  Just wanna enjoy a cold draft beer in the corner?  You can do that and no one will bat an eye.   2.) Selection:  some may think there's not enough....enough of what?  Gordon's may not have Golden Tee and Skee-Ball lined up begging you to put your dollars in, but they don't need to.  They are limited in their space, but they make sure to fill it with only the best.  Beer, food, and entertainment (huge TV's).  Naked Matching puzzles on the Mega-Touch, anyone? 3.) Prices: From the wings (plump and delicious) to the darts--you can't beat em.   4.) Staff:  From the tall and lanky, to the short and sexy.  Everyone is friendly, funny and fabulous.  Gordon's doesn't leave anyone out. :) 5.) Matchmaking service:  To date, there have been 2 happy unions* and one beautiful baby girl* to come from the patrons of this bar.  They can look back and say "It all started at Gordon's...." *Numbers are not official, and are quite possibly much higher than those stated above.
Great neighborhood pub with a solid jukebox and maybe the best wings in Buffalo. Bartenders are always friendly, and owners (Corey and Jay) are frequently serving. Oh, and they have a running club on Tuesday nights. Guilt-free drinking after a loop of the Park.
Gordon's - what can I say.  For me a place like Gordon's exhibits everything great about Buffalo at its most fundamental, no frills and honest. It's been my crew's version of Cheers for years now. Come as you are. I love this bar.  I'm the type of guy who spends a lot of money at places like Cole's and Hardware for the beer selection but I could never abandon Gordon's. Why? 1) The people.  The motto is no joke - the staff here will show you why we are known as the City of Good Neighbors.  Truly genuine, hard working, friendly people own and run this joint.  The owners are sports fans and thus sports memorabilia is everywhere and live games are on the TV on a regular basis.  The customers come from every walk of life and every age. 2) The food.  I whisper to my brother every time I come to Gordon's that their wings are as good as any place I've ever had them.  He and my friends tend to agree. A lot of people think their local bar has the best wings but usually it is BS - I'd put up the wings against any other place in the city, including those two famous ones people always compare.  It's bar food, not filet, but it's fresh and awesome. 3) Gordon's is comfy.  The atmosphere in the place is out of your dad or grandpa's memory, except occasionally you will hear the Dropkick Murphys.  It's a classic neighborhood bar that people all over Erie County come to visit.  For once in a Yelp review I'm struggling to convey the feeling into words... the Japanese use the word "umami" to describe an overarching deliciousness in food.  There's an overarching warmth and friendliness to the place that keeps me going back - and I know a lot of other people must feel the same way. 4) Affordability. Gordon's is a cheap drop - totally fair.  There are regular drink specials and on occasion they come up with something fun.  Remember Little Hugs?  Yeah.  Imagine a cocktail involving Little Hugs.  I don't care who you are - that's fun. Gordon's can be found on Delaware, just south of Hertel, across the street from Tim Horton's.  Big dark awning with "Gordon's" written on it. There is a very small lot behind the bar - most people park on the street, or even across the street in the Tim's lot. There is a small patio area outside for you to enjoy. I'll never forget the classic feeling of opening Gordon's doors during one of our famously brutal winter nights, then getting hit with that stovepipe warmth and a friendly hello from the bar.  No matter where I end up in life I'll always be looking for a place like this to hide out!
BEST HANG IN BUFFALO, PAWS DOWN. The staff is SECOND-TO-NONE.  You will not find a friendlier set of people in all of Western New York. PERFECT spot to meet up with friends, catch a hockey game, catch a football game, make NEW friends, enjoy a rawking jukebox. Prices are dirt-cheap for similar bars in Buffalo.   A good beer selection, with an ever-rotating "beer of the month" on tap. Food is tasty and prepared in a blink of an eye.  I cannot think of a plumper(?), more flavorful chicken wing in this city!   You will fall in love with this place as soon as you step foot inside.
If you're looking for great wings, try these. And the fries are homemade and amazing.
I am lucky enough to live a 2 min walk from Gordon's.  My boyfriend and I love it here.  The popcorn is what I always hit up first then followed by the bar.  The staff is always a pleasure and the food is awesome.  I honestly was hesitant on getting the fish fry (IDK why) but it was delicious!!  The music is always great.  I love Gordon's..... soon to be buying a house and I hope I can keep this bar in my neighborhood!
Chicken wings to a good Jukebox. This is just a good neighborhood bar. You can hop in when the Sabres or Bills are playing and you will love the energy. It will envelop you. Their specials vary from time to time but there is always something that you will like. From their drink menu to their food menu this is a place that has got it covered.
Stopped in for the first time tonight.  Nice beer selection, over 20 on tap.  Started with wings that were delicious!!!!!!!!!!  I had beef on weck and husband had the Johnny Cash burger, we both loved our sandwiches and the hand cut fries they came with.  Only complaint is the bartender is the cook and server as well.  This is a bit odd, would prefer not waiting for drinks while bartender cooks and feel your food should be prepared by someone who cooks for living not just here and there.
This is our neighborhood bar. We frequent here when the Sabres are playing and I love the crowd on these nights! It is indeed a very clean and comfortable place to be! To note, we were last here in April at the end of the hockey season, and will start frequenting here again now that hockey is back! I will update if anything has changed. I have never tried their food, and one of these days I will try. I promise Gordon's! My complaint is that they do not have an interesting beer selection on tap, and also the taps tend to taste a little dirty. Not sure how often they clean out their taps! But, I do know it should be regularly! We have also run into situations here when they are out of a lot of their beer choices, making it even harder to find something I like.  We are just suckers for draft beer. There is nothing like a fresh good beer in a pint glass! BUT, this place does have some good bones, and maybe their food will blow me away! I'm always down for a good chicken wing! I would give this place a 3.5 total. Their is the possibility that it could go up if they start cleaning their taps regularly and I love their food!!
This is a fun bar to go to and watch sports and hang out with your friends. The bartenders are always awesome to everyone. They will pour you a great drink, and talk to you about sports while they are getting you to a good place. When you're feeling froggy and want to play some good tunes their jukebox selection is pretty solid. There are a lot of good songs that are played every time that I've been in there, and they aren't the same 10 songs that you happen to hear on some jukeboxes. They have pool and darts for those who want to challenge their friends or a stranger that is looking for the same fun. You are more likely to make new friends here than any other bar in Buffalo just because the atmosphere is unique. The food here is great too, try the wings you'll be very happy with them. My personal favorite is the Chicken Breast Sandwich and fries, i'm a simple person but it tastes great! I've tried the Cheeseburger once and thought it was pretty good too. I haven't had anything bad here yet, and don't expect to! In a nutshell, great food, great people, great drinks, great times...a very fun bar to go, check it out soon!
Great, friendly staff.  Awesome choices on draft.  Best wings in buffalo. My wife, friends and family have been going here for years and have no plans to stop.  Great place to hang out.
Great bar, live music, friendly staff, and free popcorn!
Great beers on tap and always a place to sit down.  Darts & Pool!!  Free popcorn!!
Great atmosphere, friendly staff and patrons, good prices and plenty of parking in a plaza across the street. Especially good when Jessika and John are playing on a Saturday night!
Great wings, real friendly hang out. Made the trip from Seattle well worth the trip to Buffalo.
