Some great sandwiches! If you are looking for something light and delicious go for the summertime lobster roll. It is light, refreshing and delicious. Seriously... I didn't expect a lobster roll to be so light, but they don't overdo it on the mayo. Darwin does the lobster justice. The optimus prime rib is another must try. The combination of meats with sauce and the fresh bread is absolutely delicious. Most of the sandwiches in the end comes to ~$10 after tax. This place reminds me of my favorite deli at home in that they both do classic, simple sandwiches with finesse and sometimes a twist. Definitely worth a try if you are living in the Syracuse area.
Great sandwiches and menu changes every two weeks. Perfect place for lunch! There is typically 1 or 2 vegetarian sandwiches for those that don't like meat. Also the buffalo Mac and cheese is awesome, go early because it sells out. Further get the cheesy tots, same as above. Even open until 7 pm on Fridays.
Made a pit stop here to eat lunch. Got three different sandwiches and their potato salad and they were all sooooo good! I definitely recommend coming here!
I went here based on Yelp recommendations. I was pleasantly surprised to see a modern deli with an innovative menu in downtown Syracuse. The best part of my experience was the service- everyone I interacted with was friendly and helpful. This sounds like it should happen everywhere but it doesn't. It was evident that the staff liked their jobs. The sandwich I had was good. I would say it was similar in quality to the Blue Tusk. The buffalo Mac 'n cheese was ok: it was essentially farfalle noodles with hot sauce and blue cheese. The only other detractor was a lack of seating. It seems designed more as a grab and go for locals. However, I'd go back again based on a good sandwich and great service.
I didn't know this famous sandwich store until I'm leaving syracuse!! And it's so close to the dinosaur BBQ!!! I was so disappointed at myself finding it so late. I spent all my lunch time there several days before I left Syracuse. I went there at 10 am for my last meal in Syracuse. The guys told me that they were making preparations and were not able to provide sandwich within one hour!! So I left in hunger. Although they do open at 9:30 but they won't be able to offer foods until 11. Love their lobster roll, you could really see the shape of the lobster claw. Vegetable sandwich is also amazing!! Even though I don't like vegetable salads, I like their vegetable sandwich a lot!!!  Hopefully I could get back one day and have their sandwich again soon!!
Absolutely amazing sandwiches.  We bought 3 and shared and every single one was delicious.  The people working there were super nice and the sandwiches, though complicated, were prepared quickly.  I think the other reviews do this place justice for being delicious, unique, creative, warm, and delicious.
Chicken Vesuvio sandwich was delish!! Perfect size chicken breast and tasty pesto dressing! Lobster roll only so-so as I don't like celery in my lobster. Service was superb.
Usually, I stick with Dinosaur BBQ when I come up to Syracuse for a meal or to stop by the mall, but I happened to pass by Darwin by chance, and I'm so glad I did. Darwin is a small, intimate shop with very limited seating space and has never had a line of more than a few people the few times I've passed it. The sandwiches are really quite delicious and hearty, with unique combinations that you wouldn't find at your typical sandwich shop. Definitely worth it to stop by here if you're in the area. I'm not very picky when it comes to sandwiches, but the three sandwiches that my friends and I split were all delicious. The meat was good quality, and the veggies were very fresh. Too bad they change the menus daily, but I'm sure that if all three sandwiches we ate on a random visit were delicious, most daily sandwiches will be.
Just started working in Syracuse this week and Darwin happens to be right across the street, so when I got brave and decided to venture out of the office for lunch, I headed there. Not only is the service friendly, prompt and just generally awesome, but their buffalo mac and cheese may be my new obsession.
I had the chicken and biscuits and it was ok. I'm from the South, I've had better. I went with a friend, and we both got free buffalo macaroni and cheese which tasted good and was very nice of them. What i didn't like, was when my friend (obviously Asian) gave his name (an American name) for his order, the employee said "but really, what's your name?" Ummmm what? Completely inappropriate.
This is a very welcome addition to Syracuse. This is a place that values innovation. They're menu is constantly changing, sandwiches added and removed each week. I ordered the Hawaii 5.0 and was blown away by how much thought must have gone into the flavor and texture combination. The pork, ham and Swiss would have made for a good sandwich on their own. Shredded pork had a wonderfully soft texture on the same brad they used, and the lettuce have it a slight crisp. The fried onions were just slightly crunchy on the outside but spiffy and juicy inside. I was a little worried about mayo, but they use just the smallest amount to add a little bit of flavor without filling your mouth the consistency of yogurt. And the savory tastes were countered perfectly with the sweetness of pineapple salsa and chili. I'm the type of person who always tries to order something new, but I'd the Hawaii 5.0 gets a permanent menu spot I may find it hard to follow that creed at Darwin's!
When I first walked in, I was greeted very nicely. This establishment has had the best service I've encountered. The staff were wickedly friendly and helpful. I ordered some sort of chicken sandwich with a creative name added to it. It had the perfect blend of ingredients, however, the DiLauro's bread was too hard to chew and I was severely disappointed. I'm sure to come back later and hopefully my experience wi be perfect.
Nice little place you would never find if you are from out of town and didn't have Yelp. Unique revolving menu that changes every 2 weeks. Very creative flavor combinations come together to make a delicious sandwich. Son of a preacher man was a great sandwich with a surprising Asian infusion with sweet chili sauce. My buddy had the Hungry like a wolf that looked as good as mine tasted. I was impressed.
"Nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded." Can't take credit for that line, but it fits. When Darwin's on, it's a great lunch spot. Daryl, Dave, and Mel are as nice as anyone you'll meet in the restaurant business. Generous, sincere, funny folks. Creative, too - Darwin's come up with 50+ sandwiches over the past three years; all are some degree of good. But if those guys are not involved in the making of the sandwiches, the quality's noticeably off. So is it worth waiting in line to be served a merely OK sandwich by people who are unfriendly? Sure, if you're hungry. But it detracts from Darwin as a destination lunch spot and doesn't make for a five-star experience.
I live practically next door to Darwin's but have a hard time getting there since their hours are only for lunch.  Today I had a meeting at City Hall and made sure to make a quick detour to Darwin's before heading back up the hill to work.   I am so glad that I did.  I got the Son of Preacher Man without mayo but with the chili sauce.   All I can say is wow!  When they say roast turkey they mean REAL roast turkey.  None of that processed turkey meat you get a the deli counter at the grocery store.   The country fried bacon is a nice twist as is the roasted tomato with Parmesan.
Ate there today, got the lobster roll, it was EXCELLENT.  A couple of important notes: 1) It was about 90 degrees outside today.  They "technically" have AC in there, but just barely.  It was probably about 85 in there, so if it's really hot out, plan to take it to go. 2) Parking around there seems to all be metered, so bring some change or a CC. 3) The door says they take Visa, Master Card, and I want to say Discover, but for the hell of it, I tried my AmEx, and it went through without issue, so it appears they take American Express as well. I'm in town for the week for work and I'll tell you this, I normally explore for meals, but my lunches are going to be there every day.
Non stop hell yeah. I discovered Darwin my senior year at Syracuse University and it was a big bummer, I wish I had been going there since freshman year. I've never had a sandwich I didn't like, always deliciously interesting. GO! You won't be disappointed.
Since I have a job that isn't in the city, I have never had the opportunity to try Darwin since their hours are so restrictive. Someone was nice enough to pick us up a couple sandwiches recently to try them out. Wow, good stuff. Based on the praise, I opted to try the Ships in the Night even though it has no meat on it. What an awesome sandwich. Everything meshes so well together. I did not miss the meat at all. Their menu changes on what seems like a daily basis so there is always something new to try. And they all sound awesome. My only complaint is the hours. If they opened on Saturday for a couple hours, I would buy a lot of sandwiches from them.
Best sandwiches ever!! I love how the menu changes every week, and the staff is super friendly. It can get a bit crowded at lunch time during the week. I like to sit at one of the small tables outside and eat. The buffalo mac and cheese is great!
I have never been to a better sandwich shop, probably because there is no better sandwich shop (certainly in Syracuse)  Not only does Darwin have unbelievably creative and tasty sandwiches, but there service is incredible.  However, one thing I don't think has been adequately reviewed and is often missed at Darwin is their incredible soups, which are a great accompaniment to their sandwiches. Go to Eva's or Dinosaur for dinner, but if you have on lunch to have in Syracuse, go to Darwin. My recommendation is to bring a friend split two sandwiches and at least one soup.
I found Darwin on Yelp and have it a try a week and a half ago.  As soon as I found myself traveling through Syracuse again today, I instantly thought of stopping again.  This time, I had the "Here today, Gone to Maui", which was amazing!  The pineapple/cole slaw combination with bacon and onion strips, tastes much better than it sounds!  With a side of Stuffed Pepper soup, I know that I will definitely be stopping in the next time I come through Syracuse.
When this place first opened, I thought: W.T.F! The food is way too good, and seems underpriced - in Syracuse? - will it still be here in a few months? And the happy answer is yes - Darwin is thriving. As many reviewers have noted, this place serves the best high-end sandwiches in town. They make a phenomenal lobster roll, the tastiest meatball sandwich I've ever had, great turkey and chicken breast sandwiches, a muffuletta, a Cuban sandwich. Also some great sides: I love the cranberry cole slaw, the grilled corn, and the fancy beet salad. The sandwich portions are perfect, and the portions of sides are generous. The menu changes daily, but I haven't had anything that wasn't awesome. Everything's made from top-notch ingredients: house-made dressings, house-cooked turkey and chicken, locally sourced meatball mix, fresh greens, excellent bread. The ingredient quality exceeds all but a handful of restaurants in town. The sandwiches are $7-10, salads are $6, and sides are $3. As I noted, since my first visit I thought this place was underpriced, so I'm surprised other reviewers find it pricey. If food quality is important to you, I think you'd find the prices fair, and if you'll pay extra for higher-quality food, I think you'll find it a great value. This place is for take-out lunch and breakfast. The location is cute, in the shade, a hundred feet from Clinton Square. There's not much seating - maybe eight chairs inside, eight chairs outside - but I usually sit at a table or bench in the Square. The staff are very friendly and very attentive. Seriously, I love this place. It's sometimes hard to find a parking space on W Genesee, but there are always empty spaces in the free, 12-minute parking opposite Clinton Square (right in front of the Post-Standard), and the pay-to-park spaces on Herald Place between Clinton and Salina. In the past I've thought the sandwiches were too rich - generous with the cheese and dressing. On my last two visits the dressing seemed moderate, so maybe Darryl, Dave, and crew reduced the fat calories a bit. Also, for months there wasn't a vegetarian offering, but it looks like Two Ships Passing in the Night is now a regular feature.
Amazing sandwiches and mac and cheese. The staff are SO nice and the service is fast. I love this place!
Yelp to the rescue once AGAIN! I read the negative reviews first, and I gotta say, people are insane. Sandwiches are amazing, you can put anything between two slices of artisan bread and it's going to taste delicious. Darwin's makes a damn good sandwich, and its actually different. I tried two sandwiches on my first visit. Their menu changes quite frequently and also I didn't bother remembering what they were called. Sorry. Both were perfectly distinct and savory. It's not a new cuisine from a galaxy far far away, but for a sandwich in Syracuse, NY it's a goldmine. *My lady reminds me that we had something with pork, the three little piggy maybe and "Spring Chicken." Again, the menu changes almost weekly it seems so, I can't promise that either will be available. Enjoy.
Wow, it looks like I remain in the minority when it comes to Darwin.    After a so-so visit a year ago, I ventured back today as I had the day off for MLK day.     This time a got a turkey sandwich with bacon, I forget the clever name they had for it. The sandwich was tasty but for what I paid for it, it did not knock my socks off.    I got the sandwich and a side and was shocked when the $10 I had in my hand was not enough!     Don't get me wrong, Darwin makes a good sandwich but for me, it doesn't live up to the hype or the money it cost me.
This is THE BEST SANDWICH shop in Syracuse and perhaps the world. Fresh ingredients, bread and ideas. To those people who think it is expensive, what did you want? A subway sub with unripe tomatoes for $5? This place is steeped in creativity and if you don't go here you are missing out.
If I were to pick one place to eat lunch in Syracuse, it would have to be Darwin.  But if I had to pick one sandwich there, I don't know if I could.  The Midnight Train to Georgia, the Hungry Like the Wolf, This Little Piggy Went to Utica, the lobster roll and so many others are just so good. Daryl, Dave and Mel will make you feel at home even if they are busy.  And they will be busy.  It's no secret that this little shop has the best sandwiches in town, but you'll be in and out quickly and you'll be very happy that you came.
If quality, flavor and friendly faces are important to you Darwin is the place to pick up lunch. I had the Two Ships and was so pleasantly surprised by the combinations of flavors and I swear I could taste the absolute affection and dedication that everyone behind the counter was putting into their work.  A divine sandwich at a decent price. Fish fry Friday....whoa delicious . I cashed in twice one week during Lent. Thank you Catholics. I have also experienced some soups and scones ( that never made it home because they were amazing and buttery and irresistible.) all were of the highest quality and freshness. I've noticed some reviews complain about the prices.  My theory is you get what you pay for, and here you are truly getting the best. It's not a chain restaurant, you're supporting local economy and agriculture.  I don't go out to eat to save money, for convenience or to get a "bargain."  I go for the experience of delicious food. Darwin does not disappoint on any level. Friendly faces at the counter and wonderful sandwiches, simply the best.
I have been here a dozen or so times in the last year and, without hesitation I can say this is the best sandwich in Syracuse in my humble opinion. I know placing any sandwich above Brooklyn Pickle in Syracuse is considered heresy but, there it is, I said it. I have tried several sandwiches but my favorite has to be the Bikini Bottom Krabby Patty, a Maryland-Style crab cake sandwich. The Fish Fry on Friday is also amazing. If you live in Syracuse this is a must try.
I've been hearing about Darwin's from friends for quite a while.  I am happy I finally tried it.  Parking is a bit of an issue right now with road construction but a short walk from a lot is well worth it.   I ordered the lobster roll ($13) and cranberry coleslaw ($1.50).  The lobster roll was wonderful.  Lobster was slightly chilled to a perfect temperature and the butter sauce it was tossed in was flavorful but light enough not to take away from the flavor of the lobster.  The Cranberry coleslaw was extremely fresh, however, I felt it could use a little more herbs or seasoning.  Overall it was a fantastic experience.  I highly recommend it.  Hours are until around 2:00 pm Monday-Friday.
Darwin makes the best sandwiches I've ever had. This is easily my favorite place to eat in Syracuse. Their ever-changing menu is awesome because it forces you to try new things, and the new things are ALWAYS great. The staff are all very friendly, and my only complaint about Darwin is that it's not open on weekends! I get most of my Darwin cravings on the weekends and I'm always disappointed that I can't get my fix.
AMMMAAZZZIINNGGG!! I really can't say enough about this place!! Never a bad sandwich! I just wish they were open longer!!!
I don't usually leave yelp reviews, but I had to leave one here. I had the Son of a Preacher man. That was the best sandwich I've had in years! Try it out!
This place is a revelation. I've never had ANYTHING bad here.  I love it so much that I actually took 10 minutes of my life to figure out my long-lost Yelp password. If it were closer to the hill, it'd be perfect, but I'd also gain 15 pounds, since I can't resist any sandwich that comes with bacon. I will put anything these folks give me in my mouth, so it's a good thing they're all so nice!  I had a sample of a new (to me) side today. 'Twice-baked' something.  I didn't see the whole name, and I don't even care, it was delicious. The menu changes regularly, so if you have something that you love, write its name down!  I'm trying to remember my favorites, but the only ones I can remember are the 3 Piggys (3 types of pig-derived meat, including bacon, and ALL delicious), Mojo Rising (Turkey, a fried egg, and probably bacon), and Son of a Preacher Man (turkey and COUNTRY-FRIED bacon!), which is the one I had today.  You can't go wrong with anything here, including the sides.  My usual side is the buffalo mac, but next time, I'll have to try that twice-baked business. Lastly, I don't get the folks complaining about the cost.  A sandwich will run you $7-8 here, which may be expensive if you're used to McDonald's, but I'm pretty sure that a sandwich at PANERA costs about the same or more, and their food is boring as anything. Good ingredients cost more money than mass-produced crap food.  No deli meat here! P.S. Vegetarians, fear not. Their veggie sandwich is delicious, according to my friends, and a regular on the menu, and their salads always look amazing.  I haven't tried any of them because of my bacon thing, but I trust my friends' opinions.
Great sandwich shop on Clinton Street, just around the corner from Dino BBQ.  Well designed and excellently constructed sandwiches. Great staff.  Even though Clinton is N to S one way, it's worth the drive around the block to go here.  So go.
Phenomenal sandwiches, with a wonderful rotating menu. Super friendly staff. I'll be heading back as often as possible, but their hours (weekdays only, till ~2:30 PM) can make that difficult, unfortunately. If you are ever in downtown Syracuse or near the Syracuse area during the week, head here for lunch -- you won't be disappointed!
Creative menu that changes weekly, sandwiches were always excellent. Had to go 2 or 3 times a week for lunch. Owners are really friendly and try to get to know their customers. Spring Chicken sandwich is the best!
Small place.  Best to grab and go.  Had a Caprese Salad with bread.  It was delicious.  The service was the fastest I've ever seen anywhere.  The environment in store is chaotic and loud.  As I said, best to grab and go.
This gem has some of the best sandwiches in syracuse. Very filling and tasty and the best part is you can always get new things, every couple of weeks or so they change up their menu. The only problem with that is one week you could love something the next it could be gone, but no worries, most of the time they will repeat favorites. Staff always remember their customers and are very friendly.
The sandwiches here are great.  You can close you eyes and point randomly at the menu and you'll be happy with what you get.  It's true that it gets crowded there at times, but it's worth the wait.  You can always call in an order if you are in a rush.
"Great place! Fun people. Loved the soup and sandwiches. THE place to lunch in Syracuse."
I tried this restaurant on a whim one day and have been at least once a week since.  I remember feeling extra spontaneous and trying one sandwich that I otherwise wouldn't have and thinking it was the best sandwich I'd ever had.  I don't even remember the name, but it was this beef sandwich on Pastas Daily Bread stretch bread with some sauce over it, but it was phenomenal.  Now, I don't even mind the changing menu; I just assume that whatever they're selling that day is going to be good.
So far, best sandwich shop in Syracuse. Had the This Little Piggy Went to Utica and Hungry Like a Wolf . . . both excellent. Good serving size and love the location. Took away one star because the sandwiches are pretty expensive.
AMAZING sandwich experience, by far the best in Syracuse. Large sandwiches, savory and packed with flavor. As I have not experienced the friendliest of wait staff in Syracuse, Darwin exceeds my expectations; the staff is extremely helpful and generally very nice.
This place serves a quite good, appropriately-priced sandwich.  Should you make a special effort to get there during their terrible hours?  Probably not.  Should you swing by if you're in the area during lunch on a weekday?  Absolutely.
You cannot get a better sandwich in Syracuse.
DELICIOUS!  The best part is that I am always greeted by a smile and a warm greeting.   I had the ArtiChoke Your Chicken and Ships Passing in the Night.  Both unforgettable.  Easily two of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
Very good artisan sandwiches here. Highly recommend the "Midnight Train to Georgia" the "Shrimp Po Boy" and the Utica Greens and pork sandwich.  I'd eat here more often if it wasn't as expensive. Lunches (sandwich, soup or side & drink) can easily push $15.
This is probably the best sandwich place I have EVER seen by far.  It's about $8 for a sandwich which is about 1/3 a loaf of Italian bread (today's was Pasta's bread).  The service is so friendly that it is impossible to leave without a smile on your face....and then you start eating the food.  I split 2 sandwiches with my gf and each ingredient in each sandwich was of the highest quality, and the taste combinations were utterly amazing.  I would highly recommend Darwin for your next weekday lunch.
One if the best sandwiches I've ever had. The three little pigs was awesome. Would be 5 stars but I need to go back for a second taste. The service was great as well.
Finally had a chance to try Darwin this week and wish I had much sooner.  The sandwiches are the perfect size, ingredients are fresh, and the staff are super friendly!  My two friends had the Cuban, I had the Two Ships vegetarian sandwich and everyone was more than happy with the goods. Great place, we will be back!
Darwin is a weekly trip for me. These guys are phenomenal.They make absolutely the best sandwiches in Syracuse, hands down. Pair that with an insanely friendly staff... it just doesn't get any better. I've had at least one of most of their sandwiches and I am always completely satisfied. The Midnight Train is a MUST try, as is their Buffalo Mac. I haven't had the Two Ships, as I am not a big vegetarian person, but I am sure that it would be delicious anyways. These guys are simply awesome and deserve every ounce of praise they receive here. See you there for Fish Fry Frydays!
Best sandwich shop ANYWHERE! Nice to have a menu that changes so you can try new things and it keeps the experience fresh. The owner is friendly and you can tell love goes into the food.
I had the best sandwich I have ever eaten today!  I can't stop talking about it and wish they were open on weekends so I could go back again tomorrow before heading home.  I highly recommend!!  Can't wait to come back and eat here again.
Great love it here they just close too early
Amazing food, friendly people. Quite simply the best sandwiches in Syracuse.
This place is RIDICULOUSLY good!  Totally worth the price- the sandwiches are huge!  Seriously the best sandwich place in Syracuse- I just wish it was open on the weekends. I have had the roast beef/blue cheese creation, the pastrami (which is unlike any pastrami I've ever had), the crab cake sandwich (which is HUGE) and the Mufuletta- which is one of their signature sandwiches.  I have to say, the roast beef and crabcake are my favorites so far... I can't wait to try the others!  Plus their mac n' cheese is amazing....  if you've never tried Darwin, you are missing out!!
Love the sammy's at Darwin's! This place does not disappoint.  Quick, friendly service and delish food. Nice & easy access off the highway too!
