Oh god, so good.  They nailed it.  I got the salmon with potatoes and squash.  Delicious.   I originally yelped "brewery" which brought me to the mall, when I arrived and saw the location I immediately yelped "American cuisine" which brought me to Riley's.  best decision I made all day.  Also, Everyone is sooo friendly
I want to call this place a neighborhood bar but nothing could be further from the truth. It's really an outstanding restaurant that serves a daily changing imaginative menu.  Plus it's a great bar. Six or so beers on tap, plenty of bottles and at least ten wines by the glass. While the menu contains the usual artery clogging bar food (done very well) it also has lots of healthier choices. Imaginative salads. My favorite chicken and chorizo burger. Always a nice fish option as well. Riley's is one of the best in Syracuse
Great little hole in the wall to stop and grab a bite to eat.  It is in an unsuspecting neighborhood.  Certainly an attest to the mantra "if you build it, they will come". Definitely wish I could have had a beer with lunch, but had to skip it due to work.  Heard this place had a good beer selection as well.
My favorite stop of the Syracuse trip, bar none.  Even better than Dinosaur BBQ, which I loved with only minor reservations.  And to think that I wouldn't have made it here at all were it not for a sandwich place that I didn't even get to visit. Let me back up. The menu at Darwin looked delicious and it was second on my list to visit.  They are, however,  a lunch-only establishment, and all my lunches were being handled.  So, no Darwin.  I did some poking around the website and found that Darwin was run by the people from Riley's.  So, figured I, next best thing. By the time I got to Riley's, though, the thought of a full-blown entree was too much.  That and I noticed about three things on the dessert board that sounded delicious, so I was going to need to save room. That said, maddest of all props to the Riley's menu.  On one side, you've got a standing selection of burgers, sandwiches, and sides.  Everything I tried on that side (read: one thing (because it was so delicious that I didn't bother moving on)) was outstanding. It's the other side that's impressive, though.  A hand-written menu of dishes that changes daily, complete with illustrations.  We're not talking about a big place here.  It's a small neighborhood tavern.  I'd love to know who on the staff has time to create that thing daily, but I really do appreciate the time that goes into its creation, as well as the herculean task of creating new dishes every night to populate it with.  My co-worker Todd got a scallop in pineapple curry dish the second night I was there and it was spot on, with the sear on the scallops being particularly impressive. As I scanned the sandwiches and burgers, the Knickerbocker was the only thing that wasn't easily sussed.  When I asked the waitress, she let me know it was an open faced sandwich with turkey, ham, cole slaw, tomato, and Russian dressing on rye, served either hot or cold.  I was hooked by the description alone and got it hot.  I chose very well.  It's a saucy, messy fork-only sandwich that comes out on the plate as a glorious mound of food.  The sweet dressing combined with the rough-cut slaw and the salt of the ham was just about perfect. It's clear that they roast their own turkey in house, as it was Thanksgiving fresh but also featured in one of the entrees. I loved this sandwich enough to make it back the second night and order it again. It's served with Irish chips, a fried potato side that hits notes from crisp potato chip all the way to fluffy french fry depending on how thick each chip was cut.  The overall effect is like some mad culinary instructor's lesson in the Maillard reaction. They are unsalted but served with malt vinegar, and they are highly addictive.  There's a bit of joy in grabbing one after the other and waiting to see if you've gotten one of the thicker, softer chips or a dark, caramelized crispy one. Dinner was topped off with a slice of chocolate chip walnut rum pie.  I'll let that combination wash over you for a moment.  It's twice as good as it sounds.  I took them back to the hotel to eat, and the second night the server gave me the tip that a few second in the microwave would turn things gooey and lovely.   He was not wrong, though the unwarmed version was good on its own. For Wednesday and Thursday nights, it was plenty crowded.  That said, I'm surprised that there aren't lines out the door for this place.  It was pretty perfect both nights and I can't wait for my next trip back.
Do yourself a favor and go here. It's a hidden treasure on the Syracuse's Northside. Don't let the neighborhood be the deciding factor. Once you step inside prepare for homemade bread, terrific specials and sweet delectable desserts (seriously if you don't get a dessert you made a huge mistake). The prices are a little above average but it worth it 110%. Another reason I love to support is because Riley's has been around for a very long time. Very special to Syracuse and I love to support local businesses who deliver great service and meals to my hometown. I have had the baby back ribs with cauliflower and sweet potato fries, and the chicken sandwich with homemade Irish chips. Plate licked clean both visits.
Excellent service and a friendly server. Had a steak that tasted plain. Great side dishes though. The restaurant is very tight. I would try again.
We stopped here after dropping off our dog to get groomed next door (great place by the way). It was Saturday early in the afternoon and it was quiet.  We were seated right away. Written menu is changed twice a day. I thought it was different but cool. The menu was huge and had great selections. I ordered the tomato soup with  homemade croutons. My husband ordered the Humpty Landings which consisted of fried eggs, salami, red roasted peppers, etc. Bread was brought to table with butter. The bread was crusty and soft in the middle. Food came out quick and everything was excellent. We, of course love the Irish fries. We liked the decor and the atmosphere of the place, very nice and homey. We took home a slice of Raspberry pie with enough whipped cream. Yum! Service was outstanding.  We will be back to try other things from the interesting menu.
Very relaxing vibe & great desserts!
Riley's is amazing, simply put. The menu changes daily, and you can't go wrong with anything here.
I lived in the north suburbs of Syracuse for 38 years and never heard or went to this place until after I left town.  That said, I wish I had known about it.  Great atmosphere and great food.  Busy on a Thursday evening, the whole experience was very satisfying.
great specials. wish they had menu online!!!
As my dining partner from Chicago put it, this is the closest you'll get to a true gastropub in Syracuse. We visited Riley's for dinner and was confronted with an hour-long wait for a table.  We were able to kill the time with reasonably-priced drinks from the bar though.  Once seated, I was excited to see a daily specials menu that was well very well thought out.  Both of us went for the day's Blue Plate special: braised short ribs topped with a red wine infused gravy, served with a stuff cheese tomato and salt potatoes. The braised short ribs were to die for.  The meat was perfectly done; not too tender, not too tough.  My only complaint was that it needed a little more flavor.  But that was remedied with an extra serving of gravy. The stuff tomatoes was something I passed on.  I'm not a huge fan of cheese, and something about the flavor of the tomato didn't mesh well with the short ribs.  The salt potatoes were a standard affair. Overall, I highly recommend Riley's for their delicious food and well-priced drinks.  Just be sure to skip the standard menu and pick out one of the day's special for a real treat at this neighborhood gem!
Started off with some excellent bloody marys on, what I'm told, was the sunniest day Syracuse has had in six months. This place has a pubbish atmosphere with an excellent menu and a full bar. With the door open to welcome a nice breeze, it created the perfect lazy lunch day vibe. We had blackened salmon with some sort of pilaf and snap peas. It was all really good, albeit a tad greasy. I just pretended it was fresh olive oil saturating the dish, although I'm sure it was just grease. Very tasty. I heard the pie was to die for and took two pieces home. The crust is very flakey, resembling a croissant almost. I like my crusts more dense  all the way through, but this was good. The blueberry filling was lovely, and tasted like real blueberries, not anything manufactured, which is difficult to find in restaurants. They also had a chocolate cheesecake, and I've heard their specialty is raspberry. I also tried the fried clams, and they were pretty delicious. It's hard to mess up fried-anything. To boot, the staff was great, quick, friendly - the whole package. I bought lunch and an alcoholic beverage for three people, plus pie and only spent $60. This place is totally worth a visit.
Excellent food. Great atmosphere--well decorated. Half of the menu changes daily.  The veggie burgers I sampled tonight were made of portobello mushrooms and were flavorful.  I ordered the Sea Bass with julienned vegetables on top, asparagus, and red potatoes.  Delicious.  At $20, this was worth it as a healthy option. Other perks: When you enter, there are little bites of food you can sample.  One part of this place was a hard, delicious cheese, and there was also some great pizza with roasted red peppers and herbs.  The desserts looked great (did not sample), but on the way out, you can grab a small cup of M&Ms. Additionally, the server was attentive and friendly. Well-deserverd 5 stars.
I used to work for the cousin of Terry Riley and we used to have our team lunches at Riley's.  Riley's used to be a hot spot on Friday nights and was especially popular with those of us who came back to Syracuse after college.  I always ran into someone I knew and had not seen in years. I have not been to Riley's in years but the food used to be more creative than the usual Irish pub.  The chef was fond of mixing items that would not be expected to go together.  Since I have not been to Riley's in some time I am not sure if this is still the case.
Riley's has a two sided menu, one side changes everyday, and another that carries there staple items.  The chefs always come up with delicious items for the daily menu side with the freshest ingredients.   The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  Definitely one of the last great neighborhood bar in Syracuse.   Make sure you try the desserts when you go.  They can't be beat.
Been there many times since and have found that while they always sound good, the entrees always disappoint. The appetizers, on the other hand, are consistently good. The only draw of Riley's is that it is less than a half a mile from my house. Otherwise I don't think we would have eaten there more than once.
I'm not sure what all the rave reviews are all about but I found this local joint to be less than stellar in it's food offering. I ordered the Blue Cheese Burger and the only good thing about the burger was the Blue Cheese. I ordered it medium and received it very rare. The bun appears to be of a home made version also and was OK. The "Irish Fries" are simply their version of home made potato chips which I didn't really care for much. The hand written menu was almost illegible. I personally would not recommend this place to anyone wanting to eat a meal. I would have been better off going to McDonald's or Burger King. It would be a great place to hang out and have a beer with friends but that's about it.
Flew in with a group of 7 on an hour lunch from work. Hostess was quick to help us and efficiently expand a table to accomodate our party. This bar has quite a bit of charm; from the warm woods of the floor, tables, and bar to the bustling kitchen and noshing patrons, lunch is a happening time. Colleen (I think?), our server, heard we hadn't long to eat, and quickly took orders. She was friendly, warm, and on top of everything. Had the black bean burger and the Swallow Wit witbier. Both were amazing. If you're looking for delicious food, wonderful hospitality, and reasonable prices, come here. You'll leave happy.
Excellent restaurant. Local ingredients and a rotating menu but unassuming and casual. Fresh, daily bread. How a restaurant should be run a model for many restaurants. This one TRIES and succeeds.
Was so excited to try this place but horribly disappointed. I had the yellowfin perch. It was so horribly over fried it tasted like dry nothingness. The curry mayo was good but nothing could make the fish taste better. The menu seems limited and hard to read.
Get the Knickerbocker. This is one incredible sandwich. It was big enough that two of us nibbled on it and were full. It comes with a generous portion of Irish fries too. The decor on this place is amazing. It has a tin ceiling, tin walls, and awesome wood bar. Its places with character like this that make me miss Syracuse so much. Unfortunately, I'm stuck in cookie cutter chain land in Sacramento. Next time I'm in town, I'll be back for the Knickerbocker and the yummy Irish fries!
Mushroom ravioli w meatball, fried zooks, great hamburger with Irish fries! And to top it off it's October - so the annual Testicle Festival was on - Everyone was having a ball, or two.
This place never popped up on yelp searches or in dining guides for Syracuse.  Lived in the area for 9years and ran into this place during a rehearsal dinner. What a gem!  That is if you can get past the location ;) Seriously, I worried about my car.... But on with the review. Can't say much about the dining or bar area as we had an intimate 25 person party upstairs - catered by an excellent bartender and a waitress.  And a Chef that prepared an excellent spread of Pork, Tenderloin and Chicken n biscuits. It was absolutely yummy! As for dessert, even though this place is known for it's pies, I had the chocolate, chocolate cheesecake.  The extra chocolate was worth it. By the end of dinner, Yes, my car was still there!
I've eaten here a few times. The food is always decent but nothing to write home about. My favorite part of this place is that it's nestled in a neighborhood in the city. In fact, I could probably just walk here from my house in the summer. Good atmosphere, decent food, and Middle Ages on tap. My girlfriend likes it here, so I'm sure I'll be back. I won't complain too much.
I love Riley's! Is it perfect? No. Will you get a soggy Irish fry on occasion? maybe. Unique food? of course! FUN? Always! I love the ever changing menu and the spunky service. The people working there love it as much as the regulars and it just makes for an enjoyable evening.   I've consistently enjoyed the special salad.  Its always a great combination of sweet, salt, with homemade dressing and packed full of yums. The desserts are fantastic, homemade and generous sized. They have wine specials too and on more than one occasion I've scored a fantastic bottle for 20 bucks. Hopefully you'll be there on a winter evening, cozied in a booth with a great glass, great company and Terry Riley at the piano.   Comfortable and fun. Done and done.
Exceptional cooking and great, though underpriced, winelist makes this one of the most outstanding restaurants in the area. The ambiance has more of a 'Cheers' feeling than one of fine dining and romance, but if it's the food and wine you're after-- this is the place to fine.
I asked a friend who lives in Syracuse where I could take my family out for a good meal after my college graduation, since I knew trying to find a reservation for a party of 7 people on graduation weekend in Syracuse would be a challenge. I didn't want to go to any of the obvious restaurants choices in Syracuse and I wanted to avoid the crowds. I didn't need fancy or expensive - just a good time with the family. Thus, I asked for a place that's not too well known and I'm happy I came here! Fantastic atmosphere and food. I called maybe two weeks before to make reservations and then called a couple days before to confirm and I didn't have to wait too long for our table to be prepared. It was crowded, so it was a good thing I made reservations for that weekend. My family had a wonderful time and I had a memorable graduation.
A definite standby when I am not up to trying the newest restaurant but know that I want excellent food , a nice atmosphere and good service. Have eaten there many times and have only been disappointed once, when I ordered something I did not like but thought maybe Rileys expertise could change my mind.
I've been to Riley's many times over the years, and keep coming back for their raspberry pie. That is a pie to reckon with. I recall liking the food as well, but the pie is so ahead of the pack that all I can say is pie. And this, my friends, is a worthy 200th yelp.
We were visiting Syracuse and our friend recommended that we try Riley's. It is a pretty hidden place, and we had to go through a not so nice part of town to get there, but it was worth it. Inside, it seemed cozy and inviting. The menu is different every day so you never know what is awaiting you. I had sea scallops for 10 dollars! And they were good! Granted, they were lunch portions but that is perfect for me. Baked Parmesan tomato and tilapia with Ginger BBQ sauce were also great. And let me just say that there I  had the best Lima beans I have ever had. The staff was friendly and courteous as well. Excellent experience! We will make a point to go back to Riley's next time we are in town!
We found Riley's by searching on Yelp! Overall, I'm glad we did! While I grew up in the Syracuse area, I haven't lived here for many years.  So when we wanted to find a non-chain restaurant that was authentic and local, we went to Yelp, found Riley's and gave it a try. Very good food, made in-house.  What at first glance appears to be a crowded pub in a working class neighborhood, actually hides a kitchen that knows a lot about how to prepare very good quality food.  This ranges from traditional pub grub to some pretty serious dishes.  I really appreciated the range of dishes on the menu, the willingness of the server to answer detailed questions about the preparation, a pretty good range of beers (including Fanciskaner Weissbier), and a decent wine list. I will also point out that although they were full, the noise leve was quite reasonable, and i am very sensitive to noise in a restaurant.  With rare exceptions, we ha dno problem hearing each other.  If I lived here, this would be one of my regular places to visit.  Down home, yet thoughtful food preparation, at reasonable prices.  What's not to like? Why not five stars?  Wines by the glass were on a blackboard with no mention of where they come from- no written wine list available.  For a Cotes-du-Rhone that's not an issue.  But for a Syrah, is it Australia, France, California, or the Umpqua Valley?  It makes a difference.  Also, they have no website.  You cannot look up their menus (which change twice per day!) online- I feel this is an oversight in that you can't see what they're serving before heading there.  Easy marketing problem to solve. Also, like most places these days, they have TV's on ( no sound).  I don't understand this as to me, it's only a noisome distraction and adds no value at all.  That's just me though. Having said that, we had a lovely time, great food, good drinks, and will make it a point to visit again, the next time we are in town!
Had dinner at Riley's last night ...Met the maker of Brokers gin, had a delightful conversation, shared a bottle of wine and had dinner. We had a quesadilla and house salad. Very fresh and delicious. Wait staff was very friendly and accommodating.
What you don't know is that on Friday's, they only serve fish, most of it fried. With just one fryer they use if for the Friday fish and then don't serve anything else on the menu that is fried, French fries, fried zucchini etc Oh and no burgers on Friday either. If you don't care for fish that leaves an extremely limited menu. I don't care much for someone inflicting their religious beliefs on me. Furthermore the waitress was unpleasant when I expressed my surprise over this system. The food I got was strictly average to below-average. The baked potatoes were inedible. Never seen anything like it. This is a family place and the attitude is: If you don't like it, you can lump it.
riley's is great.  bar on one side, separate dining room on the other.  ive never been to riley's just to get a drink, but the bar is very nice, and they always have a table with free snacks (mini pizza, cheese and crackers, etc) for people who are either just there to get drinks, or at the bar waiting to be seated.   the food is pretty awesome, and the prices are great.  i always get some sort of seafood there like the scallops, but riley's is renowned for its burgers. it's very good for a date or just dinner with friends.  plus my cousins live across the street so shout out to them
I honestly expected more.  We were seated quickly on a Thursday night which was awesome.  The wait staff was friendly.  The free bread before the meal was sweet and yummy, but the meals lacked flavor.  The burgers looked amazing but lack seasoning.  The fish was undercooked and provided nothing beyond a simple fish flavor.  The chips which came with the burgers were very delicious however.  The desserts were delectable.
I really want to give a fourth star...but I can't. I haven't been here in close to 5 years and while the atmosphere is still great, the food was less than great. Their vegetarian option per the menu, is deceiving. One would think it was a veggie burger, but it is a portabella mushroom sandwich instead. If I was a fan of the fungi family, then they may have earned a fourth star. Fried pickles accompanied the sandwich which were ok. Service at a minimum, was..ok. I think we hit it on a bad night, as I have always had a great experience here otherwise.
This place is quite unknown in Syracuse. Kind of in the middle of a neighborhood on the northside. Went on a Friday night, place was relatively crowded but not packed. Started off with Manhattan fish chowder. Really good, big chucks of fish, potatoes, and vegetables. They gave us good sourdough bread to start as well, very fresh. I got the Knickerbocker sandwich, turkey melted with swiss cheese and topped cole slaw and Russian dressing. Very good. Said on the menu it came with Irish fries, but apparently they do not serve those and a couple of other menu items on Friday only. Have to go back on another night to try those. Desserts looked amazing as well, but did not get one. Service was good and staff was friendly. I'm definitely heading back there again.
Went there for dinner on a Friday night at around 6PM and were seated immediately.  The decor was very nice, they had up holiday decorations.  The menu had a lot of seafood on it so we were a little limited in what we could pick as my girlfriend and I are not big seafood people.  I guess we didn't expect seafood to be the main focus on the menu at a place not advertised as a seafood restaurant and nowhere near the sea.  We split a special salad for an appetizer, it had almonds, feta, yellow peppers and a few other things, it was great.  The main course was a chicken kabob with peach BBQ sauce, potatoes, brussel sprouts and sauteed spinach.  It was good but nothing exceptional.  I wasn't disappointed I guess.  We had a holiday egg nog pie for dessert which was excellent.  Decent beer selection from some local breweries but they're not a brew pub so it's no big deal.  I attached pictures of each of our dishes. They lost a star for the service and for the entree being 'just OK'.  Our server was a middle-aged woman who just didn't seem too happy to be there in general but maybe that was her personality.  She just wasn't too pleasant to deal with.  Sort of like the entree, she was 'just OK' and decently attentive. Overall I'd say I was satisfied and may go back in the future.
This is a nice neighborhood bar/restaurant with a fast and friendly staff. We went on a Thursday and the dining area was almost full. Three of us had trout in  orange/basil  butter. We all agreed that the food lacked flavor. We could taste the "blackened" part of the trout but no orange or basil. The root vegetable medley was likewise on the bland side. The atmosphere was pleasant, but a bit loud.  It was interesting tasting the complimentary deep fried goat testicles.
This place has a nice, cozy neighborhood feel.  Their menu is interesting with a lot of good seafood specials.  The bar is pretty great too.  If you don't get there early some of the items on the menu will be gone.  This has happened to us almost every time we go but we usually don't head out until 7 or later.
My husband and I ate here while visiting Syracuse, on the recommendation of our B&B owners.   At first I was quite disappointed, as we went on a Friday and I learned that on Fridays they don't have burgers or fries, which was exactly what I was craving!  I had the crab cakes, which were decent, my husband had fried shrimp, which was okay.  What warrants this place getting four stars was their bread, which was delicious, and THE DESSERTS!!  The desserts completely redeemed this place.  I had the chocolate caramel tart, which was heavenly, and my husband had English walnut pie which was delicious as well.  We both loooooved our desserts!  I'm sure the burgers are good too, just don't go Friday! :)
Love, love, love the decor.  Five stars--such a welcoming environment. So clean and unique.  Love, love, love the service and drink menu. Everyone was so attentive and super friendly. Then why only 3 stars?  I completely struggled with the menu, even for appetizers. I'm sure the food is great, however, there was only one healthy choice for an appetizer, sautéed mushrooms. This place is fantastic, just needs some more healthy, fresh options.  Then again, the place defines "neighborhood bar," and I was just passing through on business. If your locals love the deep fried zucchini and pickles, then god bless their hearts, literally.
Great food! Don't forget to save room for their homemade desserts!
Never a bad meal here.  Food is great, fresh and well priced.
Terrific! A Gem. I was originally going to the dinosaur, but it was so crowded, I decided to venture out, and I am glad I did.  Riley's has a great atmosphere, and the food was "comfort food" at it's finest. I had the house special pork tenderloin with caraway seed glaze over onions. Combine that with  mashed sweet potatoes, and perfectly cooked asparagus, and I was looking to see if my Mom was in the kitchen. Followed up with Irish Pecan Pie, and I was ready to take a nap right there. Service was friendly and the only thing that kept it from 5 stars was the price, but even so, I will definitely visit again...High on my list of faves...
I love coming here for the atmosphere, the people and often the food. I'm deducting a star only because the food has disappointed me a couple of times.
Syracuse's best kept secret! Take the time to find this place and stop in for a drink and a burger...very relaxing atmosphere nice staff and not overly crowded.
Very good food, timely service.  Nice place for a good beer and tasty lunch.
I absolutely love this place.  Hands down my favorite restaurant in Syracuse.  I keep coming back for the atmosphere, the drinks, the food, and to top it all off, Brian's desserts!
riley's is the best restaurant in syracuse, bar none. i usually lunch there. itnis located in a neighborhood and terry, the owner, is very careful to respect their space. the food is always outstanding and the service as well.
