When my friends asked me to chose the place for us to have our last supper together before I moved back to Manhattan I chose this place.  Yes the location being next to my apartment was convenient, but it was the great food I know I will miss. I tried the seafood paella for the first time.  It was very heavy, salty, similar to paella I have had in Barcelona, less similar to paella I have found in Mexican and Puerto Rico restaurants in NY.  It had shrimp, mussels, scallops and some sausage. As for my comment in my previous review about how the meat was bland, friends who eat the meat their regularly said the meat is not bland.  It seems like the restaurant maybe got off to a slow start in the beginning.
Eaten here many a time and got delivery from here. All the food has been excellent. I often get fish tacos. A personal favorite is the choice of three tacos. I love being able to get fish, chicken or steak tacos all in one dish. Burritos are also a good choice and are yet to disappoint. My gf and I get their specialty drinks when we sit at the counter. Nice to watch your food get made as you sip on something delicious. Would highly recommend to anyone...
The Best Things Come in Small Packages. Don't Expect Mexican, this place is really more Spanish than anything else.  As a recent transplants from Jackson Heights Queens home to the best ethnic restaurants in NYC - this place is a lifeline to good food.   Other reviewers complain that it is not like the sister restaurant - Alto Cinco and it is not.  Where Alto Cinco is Mexican (Tex-Mex at that), Otro Cinco is more Spanish than Mexican so the menu  relies more on a tapas like menu with finely crafted and balanced flavors. Yes and it is a little more expensive - but you are getting more craft and skill. We had a mac and seven cheese spring roll as an appetizer that was sublime - several different cheeses and a hit of lime in a light wonderful wrapper.  The flavors were balanced wonderfully.  The Flash Fried Shishito Peppers are great.  The Chipotle BBQ Shrimp and El Toro plates are plenty of food and delicately spiced.   The bartenders also know their way around the bar - perfect cocktails every time.  We tried several different ones! So despite the fact the the place is tiny - it delivers big time.  The space, in addition to being architecturally interesting, is also decorated handsomely with one of the principals in the restaurants artwork.  The waitstaff is very friendly and helpful.   And did I tell you they deliver - i.e. via GrubHub - so if you live in Downtown, you can stay home and have them send you food.   All in all - some of the best food in Syracuse!
This was a perfect place for a date night, the seating outside is really cute with candles and little flowers. The food was so good! It was creative but not pretentious, and totally delicious. I had a chorizo/beef burger and I wanted a second when I was done. My boyfriend had the 3 tacos; catfish, shredded beef, and shrimp, and they were all amazing. I only had two thoughts. The outdoor tables are so close to each other that my back was almost touching the woman next to me. The second is that I wish they had mahi on their menu as "seasonal" or to ask about it since it's hard for them to get, we got our hopes up! But neither of those things would stop us from going back.
Jamie Crouse and Joanna are wonderfull people ...best people and food in Syracuse, a mediocre town that likes to pretend it is hip
I've been going to Alto Cinco for years so naturally I was excited when Otro Cinco opened. The owners really out did themselves with this place. There are about a half dozen tables so it's very low key. From the tacos to the seafood and tapas every last bite is exceptional. A great lunch place to sit down and share a bottle of Rosado with a friend.Our server turned out to be the owner which was a very nice surprise. The lavender creme brûlée was an unforgettable end to the meal. Truly a hidden gem of Syracuse.
After looking for a place to eat late at night after a long and boring drive on I-80 my wife  and i found this place. It was Thursday night ( after 10 ) so only tapas and tacos were available. I ordered all 4 tapas and the brisket tacos and I was not disappointed at all as everything was fresh and full of flavor.
So thrilled to eat at the downtown Otro Cinco where I can get a great 'real' margarita. Tried the lobster tacos I've heard so much about, and boy howdy are they delicious. The buttery lobster is mated with just a touch of feta cheese, carrots, corn and cabbage to delicious effect. Reminds me of an upscale taco version of a classic lobster roll. In a word, I'd call it sublime.
Great place nearby. Everything is fresh and very well cooked. The Tacos are incredible and the wings, what can I say made perfectly. Definitely a 5 star dinning experience.
Went here for Downtown Dining Week and had a very good meal. As other reviewers have said, the restaurant is very small (two 4x tables in the back, two 2x tables along the side, and eight barstool seats in the front) but it doesn't feel crowded. Might be a problem on busy nights, especially if you were seated at the barstools, but was fine for our meal (seated at a 2x table). The service was great - our waiter was very helpful and attentive without checking in too often. For food, we did the tapas and the paella and both were tasty. The tapas were much more filling than we anticipated, and generally well-seasoned. We weren't able to finish even half of the paella after eating the tapas, even though it was very good. The drawbacks were pretty minor - there could have been a little more seasoning on one of the tapas items, and some of the non-shelled seafood items in the paella were a little overcooked. It wasn't bad, though, and I'm sure it's hard to get shrimp and calamari cooked at the same time as mussels and clams. Also, the restaurant itself was very cold - we were seated near the door and kept our coats on the entire time. Overall, though, things were great and we would definitely come back again. Looking at the pattern of reviews on here, I suspect that the restaurant might have been a little shaky when they first opened, but they appear to have gotten things under control more recently.
I really don't like to give bad reviews to any place but this was just so disappointing. I LOVE Alto Cinco and this certainly does not hold up to the experience I always have there. Portion sizes are much smaller, and flavor was lacking, big time. I Ordered chicken tacos that were dry and flavorless. The meat in some of the tacos was dark chicken meat. Not a fan. My boyfriend ordered the lobster burrito, very disappointing as well. Not much lobster in it, but there was definitely some lobster shell. All in all I wish them the best, and will most certainly try them again after they have worked out the kinks. I feel like there is still some hope for them!
Otro Cinco is finally open (as of Halloween weekend 2013) and what a wonderful addition to Downtown it is! The small space (16 seats) is optimally utilized to create the feeling of a cozy yet sophisticated bistro. The food is as tasty as you can expect if you familiar with the owner's standards from Alto Cinco on Westcott (for which by the way an expansion is underway at the end of 2013 - yey!), but I'd say pleasantly more adventurous. Lots of seafood options, quinoa, green tomatillo salsa, chorizo tucked into creative appetizers - yum! The daily specials are varied and attractive, the service highly attentive. Excellent cocktails too, although there is no draft beer and the bottle choices are somewhat less interesting than what we've gotten used to at Alto. But this is Otro, with its own pleasant quirks and I highly recommend it. Look for the bull (neon one in the window) and stride boldly in!
We have been to the other location before and were planning a quick anniversary dinner here with our children. Sadly, this plan quickly went south with our 3yr old overtired and uncooperative.  Time for an early night for her. Otro Cinco stepped up with bells on.  We had placed our appetizer order but it had not been served, they took the rest of our order and then turned it into delivery. We headed home, 45 minutes later (there was a Paella in the order) it showed up with a generous split of Prosecco as an anniversary gift from them. All the food was great, especially the Paella, an addition to the menu in this location, service while we were there was exceptional and they turned what was rapidly turning into a miserable evening into a wonderful and memorable evening. Thank you Otro Cinco.
Enjoyed the chicken burrito I had for take out, but menu doesnt seem to be set up for the "constructive" type.( all items are variations of meats(lobster taco, lobster burrito etc). Not a place id go to eat in as its confined and imo "hipsterish" but at least the food is worth a try.
Unbelievably good food. prepared fresh the way you want it. coffee bar for caffeine junkies. cannot wait until they open new adjoining space with more seating. I'm a big fan of chicken & shrimp tacos & shrimp burritos.
Spur of the moment decision to head over to Otro Cinco on Warren St early on a Friday night. The nightly special of hard cider marinated pork with a home-made aoli and marinated cabbage taco was sincerely the most flavorful dinner we've had in a while. Pricing wasn't bad 2 for dinner - 2 drinks just around $30 before tip
Alto Cinco on Wescott street is one of my favorite places to eat in Syracuse. The whole twist on Mexican cuisine, how fresh and clean the food is cooked, the size of the burrito, the menu, etc. Otro Cinco IS NOT Alto Cinco. Price wise, portions wise. The food isn't even cooked the same. Portions and price are HIGHLY noticeable between the two. 2 Burritos and 2 drinks were almost $30. And you don't even get a side salad with your meal like you do at Alto Cinco. I will admit this was the 2nd week they were open and I will revisit this location eventually and promise to revise this review when I do, to suit the 2nd try. All I can do is give an honest review of my experience. But would be only fair to check the place out again to see if this was because they were working out the kinks. Charging more, giving less and eliminating stuff from the meal doesn't seem like a grand opening kink though. Seems more like a business plan.
Went here with my girlfriends a few weeks ago and had cocktails and shared burritos, tacos, and grilled Octopus. I am from NYC and my girlfriend just came back from Ecuador where she had fresh fish daily and said Otro's dish was one of the best she's ever had... The food was high quality and they have their own unique style.... I don't know what the negative reviews are talking about because I also LOVE alto cinco, but Otro has definitely stepped it up a notch to provide high quality ingredients and delicious food and a intimate and cool atmosphere... The burrito was made to perfection (TRY THE ORANGE CHIPOTLE SAUCE) and the tacos were the best we all have had in a long time. I highly recommend Otro Cinco for anyone interested in a dining experience that will keep you wanting more!!!!!
The food at Otro Cinco is amazing!!! My husband and I had the Catfish burrito and the Eltorro burrito, they both tasted phenomenal!! We will be back!!!
I ordered the catfish tacos this time around. Super fast delivery this time around and even though the delivery guy forgot my latte he was back with that in about 7 minutes. I'd definitely order from them again.
Went for breakfast, the breakfast tacos were awesome. Home fries were also good.  But the waiter forgot to give me  my coffee.  very price, and not large portions, but good.  Alto is better.  Service was ok. don't expect them to fill your coffee more than once.  My biggest gripe is the same as Alto.  Why open a second reasturant with limited seating.  I would go to Alto 10 times more often if I could count on getting a table without a long wait.  Orto has about tables with 2 seats.  Plus the bar you can sit at, but it's not that inviting since you're basically on top of the cooks.
Amazing food. Blindly stab your finger anywhere on the menu and you will be satisfied with creative and delicious food. Must check it out. Can't wait to go back to Syracuse to get some more!!
This place rocks! Really great food, music, atmosphere...They have awesome specials on Thursdays for tapas and drinks. A must try in downtown Syracuse for locals and city visitors!!!
Prices were wayyy too high for the atmosphere/food, and the food itself was dry, uninteresting, and flavorless.  I love the original, but I'm not sure what this is all about.
