Ok, these sandwiches are for real. Big, as in substantial, but also HUGE on flavor. I don't care what it is on the menu, you'll read it and think "oh, that sounds good." Only, the idea in your head only tastes about 1/2 as good as the real thing (and was probably about 1/2 as filling). I have to bring extra socks every time I go here... (you know, because they keep getting knocked off). You know all those folks who work at Dino BBQ? This is where THEY go to eat. I was just talking to my mom who is planning one of her semi-regular visits up here, asked her what she wanted to do, all she asked about was Street Eats.
I would never have known this cool little sandwich shop existed. I got the input from a co worker when I was working near James Street.  I had the Mongolian Beef sandwich, was super flavorful! Shredded, slow cooked beef with a picked onion and cucumber slaw, crumbled cheese and sriracha mayo on a toasted onion roll. Delicious! My co worker had the pork tacos which also looked delicious.  Perfect for a quick stop lunch bite. Great customer service, friendly people! Highly recommended.
Frankly, this is about as good as anything you'll get in Syracuse. The quality and creativity of the dishes are top notch and the frequency with which the menu changes keeps me coming back. When I do go out for lunch, this is always my primary choice. Bonus points for awesome friendly service. Great food from great folks.
Terrific new food truck operated by a former chef at a couple well-regarded restaurants in Little Italy. I've had the burger (better than most in Syracuse, and probably better than any that costs $7) and an orange pulled pork with wasabi aioli (awesome). Pretty good mac and cheese, too. Only in Syracuse could one find a food truck that virtually everyone drives to (though it's only a four-minute walk from the Armory - very central location). It sets a high bar; way better than the usual hot dog and bratwurst carts. Best to check the Facebook page; they may be moving around in coming months (but here's hoping they stick in this great location on Fayette).
Love this place......not only does he have the truck but also a Brick and mortar store on James.......... He comes up with some awesome stuff. Check it out
The Stack is an awesome sandwich. Blueberry macaroon was also very good. Brick and mortar location was easy to find and had decent parking.  Will be back.
Nothing but a little trailer on the side of W Fayette, but if this is what truck food means, then keep them coming, Syracuse! I had the pork sandwich (Bandito) which easily gives Dinosaur a run for its money. A friend had squid tacos, also a delight. Fries are the highlight and it looks like their Hoffman hot dogs are a staple -- thank god I don't have to drive all the way to Liverpool for a decent dog this summer.
Chef LeClair has a great thing going here.  The food at the summer truck stand was such a treat this past year - really really good.  Totally backed up by the big line of hungry people.  He's transitioned to a deli on James St. for the winter and it too looks like it will be a big hit!  Let's keep up the support for this great spot!
