This is the first time I've eaten at the Copper Top Tavern but I'll certainly be back when I'm in the Syracuse area. The service from my waitress, Danielle, was excellent (and she brought a second iced tea before I finished my first). I ordered the Hibachi Salmon. It was a large portion and cooked perfectly with a glaze that added just enough flavor. The rice and broccoli that came with it were a great accompaniment.  The garlic bread was too good - I couldn't help but finish it. Overall an excellent dining experience.
First time at any Copper Top and had no idea what to expect. Stopped in for lunch and got a table right away. We were lucky, there was a lineup when we left. Everything went well. Server Jill got us our food quickly and efficiently. I tried the Italian Beef. I don't know what the Chicago version is like, but this was a good beef sandwich by any name. Also had the cheeseburger which was described as "pretty big" The French Fries are kind of unusual, very, very thin, but it's their place, so they can decide how they cut the potatoes. The menu looked pretty large with many other options to try on the next visit.
If you see crayon on the brick wall in a booth near the bar, it was my son. I know it's impressive and amazing. He's a prodigy. Next up, potty training. We love the pizzas and drinks here. So good. Some of the other menu items are disgusting.  Like the fish tacos. They were two hunks of beer battered fish product smacked between some quesadillas with taco fixings. Really greasy and nasty. Doesn't compute to fish tacos. Service has always been friendly and good. I especially like the waitress that said "would you like sprinkle cheese?" Keeping it real at the CT
This is by far my favorite place around here to get a drink and some bar food. I could eat the Caribbean shrimp for life. The drink selection is great and the staff is always friendly and considerate.
This place is our go-to when we feel like dining out, especially on a weekday when the wait times are shorter.  I think we've had just about everything on the menu and the few times there have been issues with the food, the staff jumped right in to make it better.  The portions are good - you'll certainly be well fed for your money - and if you decide to order the Coppertop Nachos make sure you're really hungry, they're massive and a meal in themselves!  They have a great drink menu too, with some unique martinis.  Save room for dessert (mmmm freshly made beignets)!
After doing a little too much shopping the day after Thanksgiving, all I wanted was a Bloody Mary and spinach artichoke dip (it was a specific craving, I know!) and Copper Top was open for lunch that day. We sat at the bar and had a very friendly bartender. The spicy Blood Mary was deee-licious. The dip? Pretty amazing. The chips also arrived warm and crunchy. We stopped talking when it arrived and it was gone in no time flat. Hit the spot!
WOW - The lunch menu is AMAZING! They give you a ton of food and it's really good. Our waitress was extremely observant and was very gracious. I was actually impressed and that doesn't happen often. I will be back here for sure for lunch. The price, the menu and the service cannot be beat.
Coppertop is ok. I got the fish tacos off of the favorites menu and was not impressed whatsoever. They were not tacos, but over sized pieces of fish in a tortilla shell, similar to a quesadilla. The fish soaked up the sauce, and it was very dry. It needed more sauce on it or a side dipping sauce-it was just bland and not quite right tasting. The rice and beans served were ok, but bland, and there wasn't much guacamole. Also, I'm a huge fan of home style macaroni and cheese, but their Mac n cheese is not tasty, as the smoked flavor from the Gouda cheese was a tad overpowering. Not a traditional Mac n cheese, that's for sure. The Bloody Mary I got was pretty good though. It came with a skewer that had a banana pepper, a piece of Gouda cheese, a ginormous piece of celery, pepperoni.. Not sure if it's worth going back for, as I haven't liked either entrees. The bf liked the fish tacos though. The portions are generous, so that's a plus if you actually like your dish.
We came in from out of town, and I jumped on Yelp to find gluten free restaurants in the area that have a decent review which is sometimes nearly impossible to find both gluten free and good in the same sentence.  I couldn't find much about the gluten free food in the reviews, nor could I truly find anywhere that said the dishes were gluten free, BUT I did notice several seemed to fit the mold.  So off we went.   The parking lot was packed, a good sign for quality, a bad sign if you are hungry and don't want to wait.  We didn't have to they seated us almost immediately in a huge booth built for 4, maybe even 6.   You want gluten free pasta?  THEY HAVE IT!  At the top of the menu is a notice, which I nearly overlooked, stating they have gluten free pasta for their dishes if you just ask.  Several other dishes fit the gluten free bill as well.  They also have gluten free alcoholic beverages.  They said they had gluten free beer, but it was all listed as cider.   My significant other had one of the spicy noodle dishes, not gluten free so I can't give it my own review, but he said it was excellent and actually had a kick to it.  Unusual for someplace that doesn't serve exclusively that ethnicity of food.  He couldn't finish the whole meal either.  It was huge.   Our waitress was attentive, and a manager circulated once asking about the meal and service.  Not the hover around type either that comes 2 seconds after you get your food.  She arrived about 5 minutes or so into the meal asking if the food was OK and if we needed anything.  When I asked for butter, she returned with it herself.   This is quality.
Very consistent food. You always have good service too. We dive in and take out. Never disappointed. If something does go awry. .. They range care of it. Um ps... If you are dining in please do not park in the take out parking spots that's just rude!
Copper Top does a lot of things right.  The pizzas, select cocktails, and draught variety are exceptional.  Seating is ample, so the wait never seems to be too long if there's one at all.  I've also found the hostess/wait staff to be both friendly and accommodating.  I've been able to make minor modifications to menu items in the past without issue (types of cheese, sauces, bread) so I get the feeling that a fair amount of their food is made to order at least to a certain extent. There are only two things to really be wary of here, in my opinion.  The first is portion size.  If you're the kind of person that can go out for dinner and eat for three, then you're probably going to take enough food for two home for leftovers.  Having said that, it is a pretty good bang for your buck and most of what I've had there does reheat pretty well at home.  The only other complaint I have is that even though I like cream cheese, a substantial number of their menu items (especially appetizers, the cheese dip, avocado rolls, etc) are absolutely laden with cream cheese.  They must go through veritable tons of the stuff.  Unfortunately, I don't get the impression that this is one of those things they can work with you on because it seems all too likely that these items are pre made. It's a good place to take out of town guests or to arrange a small happy hour with friends.  The environment is welcoming, comfortable, and the music selection they stream is fairly universally enjoyable.
Went after the SU game to grab some appetizers for dinner. I had the mini burger sliders and the pepperoni bread. They were  really good!!! The wife ordered the copper nachos and the breaded zucchini. Zucchini was good but we had to send the nachos back because they came with jalapeño peppers. We were told they could not be removed. We were fine with that. So , here is the issue - service - the service was slow. People came in after us and were served and left before us. Our waitress would disappear long  periods of time. We even had to track her down to pay the bill! Again, the service was slow and the food was good. When we return, I hope the service is better
Learned our lesson today. Ordered 2 pasta meals to go with extra sauce, because pasta always soaks it up after sitting for the ride home. Open the boxes, and no sauce showing. And only one box was marked to have extra sauce. I've never trusted takeout, except pizza. Always eat in so you can send it back. Yes, I'll eat in again at copper top.
First of all this place is definitely not a health restaurant! The meals are gigantic and could be split between two people. I have had some really tasty meals here, I just don't come too often because it is very heavy food. I definitely recommend trying it, pizza and sandwiches are both great.
A great place to bring friends, reasonably priced, food is always good. I usually don't go for nachos but there's are fantastic more like wantons and they have marinara, cheese, olives etc..... So good.
This place is a Cheesecake Factory clone in pretty much every way but the depressing decor. -Spiral-bound menus with huge ads for other businesses on each page?  Check. -Strangely diverse menu?  Check. -Ridiculously enormous portions?  Check. Come here if you want to feel like you're going to die after you eat.  Do not come here to drink.  The beer prices are the worst I've seen in this area, and the happy hour is a joke.  (5.75 for a Great Lakes IPA, and happy hour gives you a whopping 75 cents off each draft).
This was one of my top restaurants to eat at while I lived in Syracuse, that really isnt saying much since there aren't many choices there. But...they offer gluten free options, such as pasta, which is a plus. I never had a bad meal here until I ordered it for take out. I ordered the gluten free pasta with sundried tomatoes and some other stuff in it. It was all burnt...Not sure how you can burn sundried tomatoes but I found out that day you could. The wings are a good appetizer, very tastey. The salads ate also decent. The one pasta dish with pepporoni in it is very good but spicey, so steer clear if you cant handle spicey. They have a bar, it is normally very busy during the weeknights so expect to wait for a table. They offer different concocetions for adult beverages, very yummy.
This is my favorite place to eat in Syracuse, both locations are great. Their specialty pizzas are unreal as well as their burgers and sandwiches. Their diverse selection or salads are great too. I have been many times and haven't been disappointed. This is in my opinion the best restaurant in Syracuse for getting what you pay for, 9-15 dollars per dish and the quality and sizes are awesome.
Perfect every time!
Buoyed by the success of their location in Cicero, the folks behind Copper Top Tavern opened up a new place in Camillus on the corner of Milton and Onondaga, which is conveniently only five minutes away from me. Consequently, I've been going to this restaurant ever since it opened earlier last year and I can safely say I will continue to in the future. It has a nice ambience, with flattering lighting wood paneling and lots of Americana touches. But besides the nice decor, the best part is the decently priced menu with extremely generous portions. Even the appetizers can be huge, if you order the Copper Nachos - definitely enough for 4+ people! The food, while not amazing, is definitely very good, and they have a large wine and beer selection. It's a busy spot most days of the week, and for good reason! Check it out if you're in the area!
Traveling back on a summer trip we decided to give this place a try. Great call! The prices are very reasonable and the portions are ridiculously big! We had pizzas and chicken and neither where a disappointment. Tasty and full of flavor. The place is spacious for big groups and when I'm passing through the area is certainly have to stop back in!
I come here just for a drink. Not bad. the waitress was really nice.
This is quickly becoming our most fav. restaurant in Syracuse, NY. They offer wide variety of food from specialty Pizza's, Thai, Chinese, Burgers. You name it ...they have it and for a price which won't hurt your wallet. Try their desserts and wide selection of beer as well...they have generous portion size. Also, the staff is very friendly.     Love it! - Ani
Wanting pizza tonight. Yelp brought me to Copper Top. We got nav going and got here. Place was packed. We had to wait at 30 mins but it was well worth it. Our server took a bit to come and take drink order because he was busy,  but after that it was a great experience. We decided to order Tuscan Wings and BBQ Pit Pizza. The food came out fast and it did not disappoint. The wings were fresh, tasty and nothing we had tried before. The balsamic dip that came with wings was excellent. The banana peppers atop wings were as good and tasty. They all come piled up and served on top of flat garlic bread, so, so good. The pizza was full of favors that were the perfect combination. The pull pork, red onions, cheese, BBQ sauce and that crust ...oh my, my!! Robert was excellent and we enjoyed the way he was describing all the different plates and ingredients. We could sense his knowledge about the menu. We will definitely come back soon. Thank you CTT, see you soon.
At first I thought I had walked into an Appleby's or  some such chain restaurant. It had that look.  The fact I was with my daughter celebrating her birthday kept me from turning and walking out.  I'm glad I stayed!  First, I'm a Martini snob.  They should be made with Gin, dry, and served with Olives.  Nothing fancy or fruity.  Perfect!  Then the food.  My Pub Burger was done exactly like a good burger should be, my daughter's and her boyfriend's Pizza were to die for, and my wife had the fish taco which she loved (she is not easily pleased).  Unlike many chain restaurants that substitute salt for flavor, the Coppertop tavern takes the unique approach; make it good and you don't have to salt the hell out of it.
This is a great place to go for a relaxed, casual meal and good food! There is something for everyone including some vegetarian options. I ordered the blue cheese chopped salad which was fresh and tasty. Other people at my table ordered the spring rolls and the club sandwich. The spring rolls were not that great but edible. The club sandwich was huge and very good according to the person who ate it. The service is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Nice place over all.
This place is awesome.  The set up is unique and sets the tone of being a great place.  Food was solid, I order the bang bang chicken and shrimp, amazing.
Plenty on the plate at a decent price.  Great barstaff.
Nice atmosphere, good for kids, can get quite busy, so expect a wait most nights, good food with large portions.
Great restaurant. I recommend getting the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Its a bit dense and they give you huge portion so prepare to either be a hero and finish it or a zero and bring some home. I was a zero... I also split it with the spicy steak pizza with my gf. Good decisions all around. will be back.
I had one of my favorite complete meals of all time at this restaurant. I had a hell of a time picking my meal because it all looked so good, but our table ordered a fried zucchini appetizer, I had Tequila Chicken Pasta for my meal, and our table had beignets for desert. The fried zucchini was amazing, they just cut it lengthwise in thirds and fried in a relatively light coating. They were nicely cooked, but still a little crunchy. There was also a nice dipping sauce. The Tequila Chicken Pasta, and one of the most unique and delicious pasta dishes I've ever had. I loved the lime and cilantro in the sauce, there was a lot of chicken, and the pasta itself was cooked perfectly. Then the beignets that topped off the meal were outrageously good. I'd never had them before and the puffy pastry was heavenly, especially with the dipping sauce they had. The service was also great, the waitress was really nice and competent. The only bad thing about the meal is that I don't live in Syracuse, I was only visiting my brother. This restaurant would make me want to come visit him much more often, if not for my sister-in-law being there. :)
My husband and I are regulars here.  The service is great at both the bar and in the dining rooms.  The menu has a great selection.  Some of our favorites are:  avocado egg rolls, Jamaican wings, pizza, fish tacos, salmon, burgers, sandwiches (the homemade bread is great!), and the creative salads.  We have never been disappointed, and we always bring out-of-town guests here b/c we know they will easily  find something on the menu and that they will really enjoy it.
The Copper Top is a new addition to Fairmount/Camillus and its quickly becoming a favorite.  We stopped by last Friday night for a bite to eat and had trouble deciding what to order due to the full menu of everything from salads and sandwiches to brick oven pizzas and 'kung pow' chicken.  We ordered drinks to start... I tried a Blended Draught- Guinness and Wachusett Blueberry (wachusettbrew.com/index2…) and it was very different than I thought it would be.  The Wachusett added to the Guinness created such a light and flavorful drink.  I'm not a dark beer fan- and this was very light and refreshing.  For dinner we ordered the Los Cabos Chicken Melt and the BBQ Pitt Pizza to share.  The Los Cabos was definitely my favorite of the night, with its grilled chicken, homemade cheese spread, black bean spread, tomato salsa, jalapenos, guac & santa fe ranch dressing.  They put it on a soft roll and grilled it so all the ingredients inside melted together.  Amazing!  The BBQ Pit was also a winner with its homemade crust which was topped with bbq sauce, pulled pork, bacon, mozzarella, jack, cheddar and gouda cheeses and red onion and cilantro garnish.  We polished both off.  The sandwich was about $8 and came with a huge stack of thin fries.  The pizzas are about 9" diameter and range from $7-$10 depending on which one you order.  I've had 2 now and they are definitely worth stopping in for.
While I like Coppertop's pizzzas and their Chinese Chicken Salad, I went out on a limb today and ordered one of their "favorites," their fish tacos. I am a huge fan of Mexican food, and frequent some here in Syracuse. But these tacos were an epic fail. Totally greasy, heavy, giant chunks of red onion, and drowned in salt. I like salt, but I didn't care for the salt-shaker that was poured into them. I like red onion, but it was as though chewing through an entire onion. The beans and rice had little flavor, and could have used some lime or cliantro, anything to brighten the sad cup of rice I was offered. The guac also had no flavor. I know Coppertop's specialty is not Mexican food, but to list a meal as a "favorite" and serve that mess is pretty bold. I wound up throwing half of the meal away. I offered three stars here because I do like some of their other offerings. They should go back to the drawing board with this one.
