Love the chocolate chip pancakes and the grilled honey bun.  Coffee could be better. I've never actually eaten the eggs here.
This is a regular brunch location for my boyfriend and I. I've only docked a star because the quality of service is inconsistent. The food, however, is great! Speaking to the service: Some days, the waitresses are on point! They are friendly, prompt, and your coffee cup is never empty. However one waitress in particular runs around with her head cut off and very distracted. They do get very busy, so I don't mind that too much. They are very prompt with table turn around as well so if you have to wait, it's never for long. The only issue is, there is no real waiting area and while you're waiting, you're constantly moving out of the way of someone. I LOVE the omelets. The variety of options is great! Lox on an omelet? Sign me up! You can also get sundae toppings on your omelet, though I've never been adventurous enough to try. You can also get half orders of some of the sides, which is an option I love to see at dinners. I love home fries, but that's a lot of carbs! i've never had a long wait here, which is my favorite part. The tables are a tad close together, so be ready to become friends with your neighbors, especially trying to get in and out of your seat. Overall, it's a solid breakfast option. While it's not my favorite dinner in Syracuse, it's like an old friend who's always there for you in a pinch.
Visiting from out of town and if this is the best Syracuse can go for breakfast i would pass. Food tasted like it all came out of a package or mix, service wasn't very good and we sat with empty plates for 15 minutes while our waitress took care of others. Then my credit card sat with the bill for another 10. No real syrup, but they did bring hot sauce without having to ask. Skip if you're looking for anything more than mediocre breakfast food. It tasted as cheap as it was.
Craving pancakes we found The Eggplant, wow!   We were greeted with a big smile and menus. We had the place to ourselves. It's clean and plenty tables for weekend crowds. After reading the reviews for pancakes, I ordered the banana walnut, one fried egg with toast. My hubby ordered blackberries, scrambled eggs with bacon. Our son ordered pancakes. I asked for coffee and the nice lady made a fresh pot for me. Very nice. Food came out fast. The scrambled eggs were fluffy. My fried egg, over hard was perfect for my tummy. Toast were perfect, too. Our pancakes smelled divine. They tasted great!! All food was fresh. Service was excellent, prices reasonable. Craved killed and we, will definitely be back!!!
"I'm getting a little veclempt, talk amongst yourselves...Here's a topic, The all night Egg Plant, is neither open all night, nor do they serve egg plant.  Discuss." -Linda Richman Egg plant, of course, doesn't refer to the vegetable, but rather the vast quantity of eggs they fry up here.  And the all night isn't quite accurate, but close enough.   If you've been to a diner, you know what to expect here.  I would call this a "Not-so-greasy spoon."  The current place does not have nearly as much character as its old location, but hell that must be 15 year ago now.  The best part of the decor are the posters.  I love the fact that they still have posters making jokes about those "This is your brain on Drugs" Commercials...wasn't that 1987?  Anyway, that poster has been up since I was barely off the kiddie menu. Basically, let me sum this place up thusly: Go here if: A) you were going to go to Denny's/Friendly's (Eww) B) you are up early and want breakfast C) you are up late and want breakfast D) you are not up and  want breakfast E) you want to laugh at jokes old enough to legally buy alcohol and of course... F)you want to support a small business.
This was always a great middle of the night spot, with plenty for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. And I don't remember it being at all as greasy as other late night/all night diners, though its price is higher too. My main complaint? No eggplants! I remember coming to this place time and again hoping to get an eggplant dish, and always facing the same reality. And it's not like its just the name, they used to have plastic eggplants in the window too!
My fiancé and I graduated from Syracuse more than three years ago...and still talk about visiting the Cuse two reasons: Chucks and this restaurant. The chocolate chip pancakes here are ridiculous...made me fall in love with the concept of chocolate in pancakes. The breakfast potatoes...oh my gosh. Loaded with onions and peppers, you can't go wrong. While it was hard to steer away from the pancakes every so often, I did - just for the omelets. Cooked perfectly and filled veggies and cheese. I lived in Syracuse for four years,and I guarantee you cannot find a better breakfast spot in the area. Prepare to wait a little on Saturday and Sunday mornings...it's worth it!
Had breakfast here this morning. It's a neighborhood diner that seems to attract a wealthier patronage as determined by the Jaguar and Ferrari in the parking lot. Ordered peanut butter chip pancakes and homefries for breakfast. Both were pretty tasty, but it's a little more expensive than some of the diners I'm used to frequenting. I enjoyed them though and wolfed them down with no problems. Our waitress clearly was not interested in waiting on us. Coffee refills were difficult to come by. No smiles. No eye contact. She just seemed completely out of it. It was a little off putting, but what can you do? Someone I was with had been there before and said it was an atypical experience. If I find myself in the DeWitt area, I might check this place out again. But it would be hard to convince me since Stella's and Mother's Cupboard are so much closer (and better).
I love places like this. It doesn't pretend to be anything other than a diner, serving some delicious choose-your-own-adventure omelettes, pancakes and a grilled honey bun (just typing that makes my teeth hurt.) The coffee is mediocre, the service is lovely and not in your face and the food was delicious and not too expensive. Exactly what the doctor ordered.
Thank you yelp, once again you rescued me!   We were at a Dennys-- A DENNYS!!!  While traveling!!  AND, to make matters much much worse, there was a 15 minute wait!  FOR DENNYS!!!!!   So depressing.  Then a lightbulb went off...I checked yelp, and 5 minutes later we were on our way to the Egg Plant. At the egg plant, we found a)  NO WAIT! YAY! b)  amazing waffles (the thin kind! nobody makes those!) and fantastic bacon c)  super fresh orange juice d) sooo good raspberry pancakes (thank you yelper!) e) great eggs, farm fresh, sooo much better than a greasy drippy bleh dennys egg AND f) the "why hasnt everyone thought of this" moment-- a sugar glazed sticky bun, sliced open, fried, and buttered up, and OUT OF THIS WORLD!  We were a little annoyed that we had eaten so much already that we couldnt finish every last bite of it.   Seriously...thank you yelp.  I dont mean to say that the Egg Plant is one of those-- travel out of your way live or die experiences in life-- its just a really good breakfast place in a strip mall.  But one of my favorite things about travel is to get to try restaurants in new places, and the idea of getting stuck in a Dennys is just too too sad.  :)
So disappointed! Used to be a regular here. Ordered my favorite, Eggs Benedict. It came with a small side of home fries. The yolks were hard, the so-called ham was dry and hard, and the home fries were barely warm, dry and flavorless. Unfortunately, I'll have to scratch them off my favorite list.
Awesome Breakfast Menu, the only reason why I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the don't serve eggs benedict or florentine. I found this to be odd since they're called the Egg Plant.   When you're in E. Syracuse be sure to visit this place for breakfast. When you go, get there early, so that you can beat the line out the door. Since I was on crutches at the time, we were able to jump the line and get a table quickly (they felt sorry for me).  The service is friendly  even when they're busy. This place is very family oriented and needless to say very busy.  Excluding the eggs benedict, they have everything you could possibly want for B.fast.  I had a delicious, mouth - watering  stack of apple filled pancakes  with eggs and yummy bacon.  As I peered  over to other tables I noticed how everything look and smelled delicious.  Sometimes I wish I had and extra stomach hidden  so that i could used it anytime good food was around ( I sure could have used one in Spain). Anyway being at the eggplant feels like being at home or a friends house for B.Fast ( back in the 80's).  On the walls are old movie posters and old ads that I know some of you would remember like, "This is your brain; this is your brain on drugs etc...) You will also find some reprints of art work from different galleries.
Food was great, menus pretty funny (pics attached) and generally good time had by all! Chocolate milkshake was delicious but came in a to-go cup; maybe they didn't expect me to finish it? Eggs and bacon were fantastic, as were the raspberry pancakes. The wait staff we had were a little surly, only reason we didn't give a 5 star rating. Based on other reviews, expected it to be more expensive but bill was under $20 even with a $5 shake!
Food gets 3 stars. It was just OK. Had a spinach and cheddar omelet. Eggs were spongy and spinach was frozen and watery. Wheat toast was straight from a bag. Decent coffee. Service gets 1 star. It took an hour from the time we sat down to get our food. 2 star average. Will not make it a priority to o back here again.
Eggplant is a great option when you can't think of any where else to go.  There aren't too many options in Syracuse for breakfast, so Eggplant is where I usually end up if meeting friends for brunch. I have had the French Toast, Waffles, but my favorite are the strawberry pancakes.  Three pancakes are served, with fresh strawberries in the batter as well as between levels. Delish! Coffee is unlimited once you order and isn't too bad. A little strong, but not bad.  My friends usually get the eggs, but since I'm not an egg fan I resist.  They have always enjoyed their meal. This place can get busy depending on the time you go.  Graduation weekend is NOT the time to check it out, unless you want to wait forever for a table.  It used to be open all night, hence the name, but since I graduated college, that hasn't been the case. Just good, wholesome food, at great affordable prices.
Two words. Raspberry Pancakes. Really, you're stupid to order anything but pancakes here, as they are a gift from the gods. I live in LA now, but whenever I get back east, I book it to the egg plant. The corned beef hash is usually pretty dinerrific as well. By the way, they'll hate you if you order this, but let them. If you want a really good pancake type dessert - get the chunky monkey pancakes with raspberries. It sounds kind of drunken late night frat boy food because that's exactly what it is, and it's awesome. Really, you won't regret it unless you are bulimic. And even then you can get over it.
Not the best,  but not the worst.  Nothing really stands out to me. If you visit a few times you will notice food portions and taste  is very  consistent.  The coffee is really bad.  Tables are very cramped and close to each other.
Good portion sizes. Sweet waitress. Nice atmosphere, good breakfast spot. No complaints!
Had breakfast here yesterday on mothers day ( with my father oddly enough ) and I was a little disappointed with the food here. I had a fretta ( not to be confused with a fritata). My dad had a waffle. The fretta was just not good  and the waffle was thin and overcooked. both were edible just not good. Also the garlic toast they served me was two pieces of paper thin wonder bread with garlic powder sprinkled on it.They also have the smallest coffee cups of any diner I have ever been to. Three or four sips and it's time for a refill. With 2 coffees our bill was about $20.00 . Kind of pricey for breakfast. Compared to Stella's and the Gardenview diner that I normally go to , this place is more expensive and the food is not as good.
We stayed the night in Syracuse after a wedding in Old Forge and needed to refill our tanks before we drove back to D.C. After some brief research (a.k.a. Googling + Yelping) we settled on The All Night Egg Plant to supplant our victual needs. The Egg Plant is your common greasy spoon diner. Growing up in Smalltown, Georgia, the establishment was nothing new. The food (steak, eggs, and home fries for me, pancakes and bacon for my lady) portions were ample and the quality was trending just a bit above average. Suffice to say, the grub was good but certainly not something to tell your mom about. Although, after an evening at an open-bar wedding, the food did hit the spot. The service deserved a blue ribbon with the coffee freely flowing and the prices were pretty fair (although living in D.C. probably has skewed my perception of "fair".)
I used to go here all the time as a kid/teen and I loved it so I decided to go here with a group of friends the other weekend. It was busy as I'm sure it is every weekend, we got a seat pretty much right a way though. we sat there for probably 10- 15 mins before a waitress came to take out drink orders, she dropped the drinks off and then disappeared for another 10- 15mins, she didn't even ask if we were ready to order, and then when we finally ordered our food took forever to come out. Then she never came back with our check, we had to flag another waitress down to get our bill. The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the food isn't bad, the service was wretched.
everyone is right - the raspberry pancakes are awesome, if occasionally a tad undercooked.  the hash browns were average - but they are not my favorite to begin with. the food is solid and the service, especially during busy times, is very good and pleasant.  but the prices are higher than any other breakfast venue around - probably owing to the fact that it's a semi-trendy college-kid haunt.  a 2-egg omelet here will cost a couple bucks more than a 3-egg omelet anywhere else, and each topping is another dollar. my favorite thing about the ANEP is the "famous brains on drugs" posters from the 80s! i'll probably be back, but i'm in no hurry.
The best omelet I've had in a loooong time! The eggs were fluffy, and the onions were CARAMELIZED! yummm. :) They are usually pretty quiet here, and don't have a lot of staff, but they are very friendly and accommodating.
I found the atmosphere of this place to be so cold and borderline pretentious. It's a frickin diner type joint. Two eggs over easy with toast were served with coffee without hash browns or bacon, for 10 bucks. Hash browns or bacon were almost $4 additional as a side order. This place thinks their stuff doesn't stink...well I think it stinks to pay fifteen bucks for a less than basic diner breakfast. Overpriced and overly self important.
Love the food - specifically love that you can concoct a number of omelet varieties bcse they have a ridiculous selection of ingredients but the service here SUCKS! And it is not the servers' fault the place is always understaffed. Last time we were there the place was packed to the gills and yet there were only three women working the floor. Ridiculous - OWNER get yourself some more wait staff.
Had a great omelet here, with salami and provolone on it.  There was a ton of filling in it.  However, for 7 bucks after tax, the only side was toast (I was excited that they had decent rye bread, because they don't have that in DC, ever).  To get home fries, the price would be about ten bucks.  Them's some big city prices, son.  That said, the omelet and toast was enough food for me, and it was tasty, so it wasn't the end of the world or anything.
Had to try the rsapberry pancakes. Very good. Nothing over the top, just simply good. Service was friendly and prices moderate.
Reading all these glowing reviews, I expected more. I was excited by the options on the menu, although a bit annoyed by the uncomfortable seats, the proximity of the tables to each other, and the decor that hasnt been updated in 20 years (including a poster making fun of the "brain on drugs" ads with referenced to Olympians Dave and Dan). You can get an omelet with pretty much anything in it - but you'll pay for it. An omelet with one ingredient costs $5.50, and it's $1 per extra ingredient after that. It doesn't come with anything but toats, and the two eggs are small. I'm used to paying $6-$8 for a three-egg, three-ingredient omelet with potatoes. It gets three stars because the food still tasted pretty good - but I left hungry.
Had the steak and eggs. it was good but not really over the top.....home fries could have been seasoned better.
I had a late breakfast on a Saturday morning here.  There was a long line outside.  Thankfully, there was an open seat at the bar.  The waitress was friendly but quick  --qualities I enjoy in a server. I ordered an omlette with home fries and a raspberry pancake.  Although the restaurant was completely full, the food didn't take very long to come out.  The portions were huge and the food was delicious. The restaurant was clean and the staff was quick at getting people seated (an observation I made while I was waiting for my food).
Decent place, we had omelet and coffee. Omelets were well prepared, service was decent. Nice place to have brunch in town!
A nice little place with very friendly servers and pleasant atmosphere.  The omelets are the best I've found in town.  The ability to customize your omelette is a nice bonus.
Ah...Hot Fudge Omelets...Toasted Honey Buns...(Mel Brooks) The Silent Movie Poster on the wall.  Syracuse in the '70's.  The All Night Egg Plant was always part of that scene.  But, they moved to their current location many SU graduating classes ago.  So...it's not the same old place...it's the same old newer place.  And, those of us who took time out from studying all night to head for the egg plant, hail its reinvention and staying power.  Today, for many of us, the All Night Egg Plant is a nostalgia omelet, filled with great memories.  The food has been consistent.  The menu virtually unchanged.  Yes, you can still get a Hot Fudge Omelet there, but us middle agers may now prefer a lox and onion omelet, a bit more.  Sometimes there is a wait - especially before the big game at SU.  But, it's definately worth it.    My wife and I met at Syracuse, freshman year in 1974.  We visited the egg plant many times during our four years.  Since then, we return to the Syracuse area for a football weekend almost every year.  We never miss a dinner at Dominicks (which actually opened the year AFTER we graduated) and a hearty breakfast at the egg plant.  It's comforting to know it's still there serving great food.  Don't miss it.  It's part of Syracuse!
I'll admit, I have sentimental attachment to the Egg Plant. But it's hard not to, with all the diner charm and old posters that probably haven't changed in decades. It's a cozy place, with cheap comfort food; great place to shoot the breeze with friends on a quiet night. Try the Honey Bun Split if you have a sweet tooth!
