Having ventured down to Syracuse several times now for Vietnamese food at New Century, my friend and I have discovered this giant mall nearby and stop by every time.  The mall has quite a selection of stores, still expanding, and has a big movie theater too.  Being not familiar with the area, this mall is an excellent way of killing a few (or several) hours and there is always some sales on in one of the stores.  Most recent trip was a total score with DSW's amazing prices.  $8 for a pair of heels originally above $100 is great in my book. And there IS a carousel.  Lightens my heart because it reminds me so much of Lyon.  You're walking around exploring, enjoying yourself, people watching, then BAM! a CAROUSEL!!!  =oD
Firstly, the Regal Cinema at Carousel has the BEST popcorn I've ever had in my life. Even though Carousel Center was 45 minutes from Ithaca, it was well worth the drive. Firstly, Ithaca's Pyramid Mall is extremely small and once NY & Company closed there was nowhere to buy clothes for the young professional woman. Not only does Carousel have a HUGE NY & Co., there are a variety of stores affordable for the low to middle income family. Old Navy, Bath and Body Works, Victoria's Secret, Forever 21, Express, and Gap are several of the "staples" that most of my friends shop at. Bonus stores include Build-A-Bear and the Disney Store for the kids, a Best Buy, Borders, Apple store, and Swarovski. There is an Uno's Chicago Grill and Ruby Tuesday in the food court; the Hooter's mentioned in other reviews closed down not long ago. The mall attracts a diverse crowd and LOTS of teenagers, but is safely patrolled. Just be careful during the holidays - the mall is PACKED beyond belief. You'll need good walking shoes and a few helpers to carry your bags once you finally find a parking space.
Hands down probably one of my favorite malls in western NY. Yes this mall can be very confusing to navigate through but it just makes it that much more surprising ! The variety of stores and food options are great ! They have it all.  I'll probably always head to this mall for huge shopping trips... since I'm a shopaholic and all.
Basic, average run off the mill mall ,with a Regal Theatre in it. As for shopping goes, the ONLY highlight for me were BR, and H&M (huge ) in here. Other than that, nothing really appealed to me shopping wise, and I found that famous footwear here was small and dinky. However, for a city the size of syracuse, this serves the purpose.
I love this mall. I visit home once a year with my children and my one main stop the carousel mall. It has everything everyone needs and more. Something for the kids something for the adults. The one thing I truly miss about the mall was the rain forest cafe that used to be in the basement years ago, but it put an awesome touch to the mall. I also used to like when you could take the elevator to the top floor to watch the construction of Destiny USA now the elevator doesn't go that far up well for me at least and yes I've tried. I love the food court has something for every ones taste. The only downfall of the food court is seating is never available if you go on weekends, during Christmas season or in the summer. I miss Heids being in the mall too. I'm still a fan therefor I give Carousel mall 4* love it!
If you are visiting the Syracuse area and would like to find a good mall, Carousel is the one you want. It is worth thee extra drive if you are coming from points East, as the next comparable mall to the East would be in Albany.  Coming from the West? Well, there is always Rochester.   Carousel is the only local mall without empty storefronts, or spots filled with what I like to call "trinket and trash" sellers. The mall is currently undergoing a large expansion, so there maybe some construction congestion in the parking lot, but I usually park in the upper level of the parking garage and have no trouble finding a spot.
This is really the only thing to do in Syracuse. But it's not bad. I miss Kahunaville and Borders. Kahunaville was a great childhood memory and Borders was my favorite store in the mall. The glow in the dark mini-golf in the basement isn't really amazing. It's rather basic. But if you're waiting for something, it's a time waster that isn't too filled with people. It is much bigger than other malls I've been to either around here or in other parts of the state. So I think if you say there's nothing there, you're probably just used to this mall and have seen everything. I will say that whenever I hang out with one of my friends, she wants to go to Great Northern/Shoppingtown and I just hate it and always would rather be here. This place has more than just clothing stores. I think there's a lot in here that people don't appreciate. The food court has some nice options. There's the cheaper stuff that I'll sometimes get if I don't have much money, but I love Koto and Panera. And Johnny Rockets is fun.There's also Unos and Ruby Tuesdays. I think maybe there's one too many Asian places, though. Just stick with one or two court-style places and then Koto. Maybe take one out and stick a Greek (or anything, really) place in there. Some of the stores always seem kind of empty. So maybe they could replace them with new stores or expand on the better stores. The Swarovski store is very pretty but nearly always empty. It's next to the Apple store, which is always crowded. They could expand the Apple store by taking out Swarovski. And we don't need 2 of the same store. There's 2 Abercrombies, I think. Put something else in one of it's places. They recently re-did Forever21 and it's huge now. Very busy in there but it looks great. Destiny USA is getting built but for right now, it just looks like they're gonna add more stores. In there now are some really BS tiny stands and like one full store. But even that took years to get up. It's a great idea. I just hope they have enough funds. There's lots of people and it's hard to find parking sometimes but that just means there's more entertainment for people-watching. All in all, it's not a bad place. Just wish it wasn't the only thing to do here.
My visit to Destiny USA was a nice surprise.  I had expected a tired mall with 80s styling, but was happy to see this one was undergoing what appears to be an extensive renovation. The newly completed sections were modern and appealing to the eye.  The three levels of stores were also unexpected, making the mall much larger than it appeared. I noticed a lot of Canadian shoppers, which I'm sure are helping to pump quite a bit of cash into store registers. The Canyon area was fun with a ropes course actually inside the mall, which made for great people watching.  The selection of upscale stores and restaurants was also good.
Destiny USA has been a work in progress since I was a child growing up in Central New York. They just opened a new part of the mall complete with new restaurants and outlet stores. The outlet stores are different than the outlet stores located at the Waterloo Outlet Mall less than an hour away.  The restaurants are ones that have been popular in major cities for years (Melting Pot, P.F. Changs). The majority of the mall comprises of similar stores that you would expect to find in all malls in the United States.
Pretty much our only stop in Syracuse.  It takes about a day and a half to visit all the stores and the mall is continuing to grow at a steady pace.  Parking is seldom a problem and the mall is impeccably clean.
Lots of choices for stores.
It's exactly as the star rating says it "A-OK". Nothing special, all your run of the mill stores, a movie theater, clothing/shoe stores, some restaurants, a food court. It is easy to get to by driving or public transportation, and is easy to navigate once you get there. There is simply nothing special about it to make it deserve more then 3 stars.
This is like the only mall in Syracuse and its not anything special. It is usual slammed with teenagers. It has the usual shops and stores and a movie theater but not much else. The designer clothing is definitely lacking and it hasn't been the same since they took out Hooters. The carousel is a nice touch for the children and it usually has some good sales. It could definitely use more restaurants though. The only legit restaurants are Ruby Tuesdays and Uno.
The parking was so easy to get at 10 o clock, theres alot of chain stores and empty stores The place is so clean and shiny Theres alot of seatings for you to sit if get tired 3 floors wow could spend whole day in here
Shopping time!
While it does have a lot of stores that can't be found in other parts of town, it just isn't all that great... It is currently being expanded but the banks won't give them loans. I think the project is ridiculous and should have never been started.
The only notable thing about this place is that the carousel is located right next to the Hooters. Nice juxtaposition.
Having lived w/I easy access of some fantastic malls , this place hasn't done their homework. The logistics and appearance beg for change. And where are the upscale stores?! Get to work, Syracuse and Central NY. You can do better; you mst do Bette r!
Typical mall.  They have a Pacific Sunwear here, but there's hardly any sun at Syracuse (there are a ton of tanning salons in the city though).  There is a carousel in here, and also a Hooters.
To be fair, I live in the DC area where one can be entertained by dozens of malls like the Galleria. However this mall is depressing and is in need of an update. Those from the DC area may recognize this mall as the same vibe of Landmark or Springfield mall (Popcorn store anyone?) It has a post office (why), $4 coat check, miscellaneous chains such as Sbarro, Taco Bell, Unos, and Ruby Tuesday. There are average stores here such as Bebe, HM. I was surprised that Coach and J Crew reside here, they seem really out of place.
Very nice mall on the INSIDE, the OUTSIDE looks shabby!
Theater was so small. I could not get comfortable and screen was too small. I have a theater in my basement bigger than this and my DTS is better lol. Pretty lame. Don't buy tickets for Theater #6.
This place is a suburban paradise.  They have pretty much every franchise and chain store, you can think of, and recently they expanded to included high end retailers like a Michael Kors store, Saks Fifth Avenue Outlet, and Coach, to name a few.  The mall now has a comedy club, a bunch of new restaurants, and various activity centers.  Its a great mall, but I am not from Upstate NY or the suburbs, so I find it a bit cramped and a little too family friendly.  There are usually massive amounts of people walking very slowly or kids running wild, not being watched by parents.  Overall, a good place to kill time or spend a day shopping but be prepared for crowds.  The parking lot on weekends is a zoo!
I'm pretty impressed with the improvements of the mall since it first opened but I don't see them making it as good as the mall of america but we will have to see.  I was pretty sad to see that many stores I was told had opened and then closed so often that even some of the mall staff couldn't keep up with what was open when asked a question on find a certain item but like I said before, we will have to wait and see what that do to put that mall on the map.
This mall has an excellent selection of stores currently...and it's only going to get better with the expansion!!
One of the best/only attractions in CNY for someone who enjoys shopping. Carousel's massive, and it's only getting bigger (assuming they ever get on track with construction and get that new wing open). The selection has gotten lots better in the past few years with stores like Coach, Bebe, Sephora, and Starbucks coming in. I do miss The Body Shop and Kahunaville, but that's life. I love the new eco-friendly focus, it's nice to see them encouraging people to go green. And the carousel in the food court is always worth a ride.
Average US style mall. Anchor stores are Macy and JC Penny. Has a DSW in the basement, a very small Apple Store and cinema complex. Super speedy free wifi available in the centre part of the mall.
Considering the area as a whole, this mall is quite nice. CNY has suffered drastically during and even before the economic stability that the country has endured the past few years (I do not understand people blaming the mall itself for stores closing,,, to borrow an oft used phrase: it's the economy, stupid. Borders claimed bankruptcy and has closed a large number of stores, for instance) and having seen malls in KY, PA, and Ca, with much higher percentages of vacancies, this place is thriving. There are plenty typical mall stores plus flagship department stores, a few sweet shops, and a sprinkling of nicer stores. The three faults I see would be the abysmal  outer appearance- no trees or greenery, just a concrete wasteland between the interstate and city roads- it's hard to distinguish the outer mall and surrounding from an industrial park, save for the lights and giant macy's signs. Parking is pathetic. I try to only go during the week as to avoid more time looking for a parking space than time spent inside. Lastly, being spoiled from many open air malls, the lack of windows on the inside keeps me from spending as much time as I may otherwise spend while there. Otherwise, as I initially said, it's a decent place for the area. A mall is a mall is a mall and this one is definitely... a mall!
Nice mall.  About 4 floors of stores and what not.  A carousel as well.
Sad this mall cant keep there tenants . Rent way to high you would think they would want to keep stores / paying tenants not drive them away !!!
If this place has what they call "Luxury",all I can say is Good Luck in finding ANY of that. The goods offered here are decidedly middle-of-the-road & especially Trailor Park crappy. Most stores seem nearly empty,way under-merchandised compared to stores in malls in huge thriving metros that have booming economies. Perhaps that is how it should be,as retailers know best where their merchandise will move sale-wise. Syracuse seems to be stuck in an economic depression that is of a more permanent nature. The area doesn't even have a steady local population that even approaches a million. Back to the "destinyGhettoMall":It's way too big & exhausting to even walk around and all the different parts look so different & discordant it literally HurtsYour Eyes. Hopefully they don't bleed. . The old part which was called Carousel Center,till the owners had visions of outlandish grandiosity and certainly GREED. This 1980's relic predictable narrow corridors,low ceilings in most places except in the center axis, & cracked floors everywhere & too many broken light bulbs which stay that way months & months later. The public restrooms I've had the displeasure of visiting were beyond human civilization & in too disgusting a state to go into detail here. Perhaps the overpresence of menacing Ghetto Thugs that love to 'hang' here in gang-like-configerations has some connection to that. They sometimes run in a shop in a planned flash-mob-mass-shoplifting before very hapless, overwhelmed,befuddled clerks. The larger new part is RAW,UNFINISHED with totally exposed ceiling pipes & ductwork that is downright ugly,highly UNATTRACTIVE. THIS nis NOT a "Luxury shopping environment" no matter which way you spin it! They obviously RAN OUT OF MONEY from the looks of the place,so they slapped on a CHEAP coat of paint & rolled out cheap-looking carpet. It's depressing with all these OUTLET DISCOUNT Stores intermingled!! THIS isn't Luxury Shopping by anyones standards unless you're stupid,blind or delusional !!! High end shoppers -if there are any in this depressed neighborhood,are surely going way out of town to address their needs!!! SAD,BAD,SUCKS !!!
carousel mall is definitely the best mall in syracuse (shoppingtown sucks, great northern is basically abandoned) but it's going to suuuuuck once it becomes destiny usa.  it's already super crowded all the time (dont even try to go on the weekends), and theres always some bus tour there that like, traveled three hours just to shop there.  for people who live in syracuse carousel mall is a catch-22.  like, if you need to get a gift or something from like, the gap, then you have to go to carousel mall.  but then you have to deal with the people visiting the mall, and is it really worth it?  you wish you could skip it altogether but theres nowhere else to go.  carousel has the monopoly on shopping in syracuse...
I can't even go to this mall anymore WAY to many punk kids with their pants down to their knees making out with their ugly girl friends.  And the whole under 18 thing on Fri & Sat does not help any.  I don't even feel safe going their anymore even more so now that I have a 5 year old son.  They need to have a dress code and do more about the under 18 rule, once it becomes Destiny I have a feeling it is just going to get worse in the economy and in a city as small as Syracuse I don't understand why we need a bigger mall its big enough as it is and its just crazy waste of money.
My husband and I stopped here on our way to a wedding in Rochester.  I loved it.  Not so much because of the deals but because it's huge, clean and pretty cool looking. I could have spent an entire day here.  They have regular stores and also outlet stores.  They have a lots of restaurants and also an amusement "park."  My husband hates shopping but he tolerated a few hours here without getting bored.   I did score a pair of Crocs flats for $6 at TJ Maxx and a Coach card case for $7.99 (although, full disclosure, it was a made for factory item not transferred from a boutique, but I really needed a card case and the price was right!).  I saw some BCBG dresses for around $35-$50. They have a Burlington Coat Factory (my latest bargain-hunting discovery)!!   I found it a fun place to just walk around and look at stuff.  I think that Canadians (such as myself) will enjoy seeing stores and restaurant chains that we don't regularly see in Canada.   I would say that Destiny USA warrants a special trip.
Parking is a nightmare!!! Once you have seem one major mall you have almost seem them all. I found the Bay had a lack of quality for men's clothing were several malls through the country have better men's clothes in the Bay and shopping options overall. It is a very spacious small with many great restaurants to choose from.
This is one of the best malls I've ever seen. It is enormous, and has a modern, updated feel both inside and out. Parking plentiful. It has pretty much every single chain store you would expect to see in a mall, and most of them are big, well-lit, and appear recently built or renovated. The cool, unexpected part is that this mall has a section of high-end outlet stores, most of which I've only ever found at the Woodbury Premium Outlets. I love the integration of regular retail stores with outlet stores, and I wish more malls would do this! This mall also has the best variety of entertainment facilities that I have seen in a mall. For example, there is a ropes course, Dave & Buster's, a comedy club, glow-in-the-dark golf, Imax/regular movies, and World of Beer. Plenty of restaurants too, most of which are typical mall fare - Cheesecake Factory, Friday's, Melting Pot, PF Chang's, etc. Highly recommend Cantina Laredo for good Mexican - order the fresh guacamole, which is made at your table to your specifications. Very cool! Also good mixed drinks. The best thing about this mall is its size and the huge variety of stores. At the same time, that's also one of its more challenging characteristics, because it can be difficult to navigate and find what you are looking for. They have touch-screen directories throughout the building, which I found helpful. Protip: bring someone who lives in Syracuse and is familiar with the layout, otherwise you'll be spending a lot of time searching for things!
Damn you Destiny USA,  you have ruin me for other malls! Those smaller malls just don't stack up anymore-I guess size does matter. Hahaha.. In all seriousness though, I really love what the former Carousel Mall has become . There is so much to do, you could spend hours here. Tons of shopping of course, nicer restaurants, and entertainment galore. Destiny is now officially, the coolest mall in NY state.
I would say this mall is huge, but that is an understatement. Currently it is ranked 6th largest mall in the nation. There is a dedicated food court as well as a variety of restaurants located on the exterior (ie Cheesecake Factory, Gordon Biersch, and Melting Pot). Should note that most of these are chain restaurants, so if you want a taste of Syracuse, I would venture into the downtown area rather than eating here. Nonetheless, the food at/around the mall is relatively good. Destiny also houses a Regal Cinema (for movies) and Wonderworks which is like a themepark/arcade. I believe they are all located on the third floor should you ever go looking for it. You can pretty much find everything you want here. Compared to the mall back at home, this one is significantly better. The first time you come here, be prepared to spend hours just taking everything in.
This mall is gigantic! It is so big and full of stores and restaurants. We come here pretty often from Rochester just because of the bigger selection. The whole new restaurant section is great! Alot of variety, including Gordon Biersch, Melting Pot, Cheesecake Factory, PF Changs, Toby Keith's, Revolutions (you can bowl while you eat at this place!) just to name a few.     They even have an outlet section, which I can't be sure you'd get a real outlet deal since it's in a regular mall versus an outlet one but they are cheaper then regular retail. There are so many Aunti Anne's in this mall it's just incredible. One time we even counted steps from one to another - 55, thats ridiculous. They also have a high ropes course inside the mall as well as a go kart area, mini golf, wonder works museum and two movie theatres (one is imax).   Huge mall, great place to walk around and people watch. Perfect for a weekend trip!
Cant imagine syracuse without this mall. Great food places would be wonderful if a dinosaur bbq opened at the mall. You cant beat this mall on a wintry day.lots to do for all ages.
For a few years now, I've heard that the Carousel Mall was going to become the largest mall in America, complete with entertainment for the whole family. These ambitious promises came true. And now I'm left wondering how I'm supposed to get into the mall if there isn't any place to park, especially after a snowstorm. Instead of parking near the stores, guests can park across the way in the overflow lots by the bridge. Destiny USA is now a spectacle of entertainment for the whole family, from the 23,000 square-foot play area at Billy Bee's for children ages 4-11 to the D&B for adults, complete with an upscale Churrascurria experience at Texas de Brazil, a canyon-climb adventure built across the third level of the mall, and an indoor go-cart racing center. The space is clean, there's plenty of security, and it's got something for everyone (because we all know there isn't much else to do in the middle of New York during the wintertime). One particularly positive experience for us was Guest Services. We had an elderly couple with us who required wheelchairs, and the employee on the clock at the time (Nicole, I think her name was) was so pleasant in providing us with guest wheelchairs for them. And when we returned the chairs, she was equally as pleasant. Quite pleased!
HUGE HUGE place. Seemed like we walked and walked and walked to get to one place but only had a little stroll to get back to where we started. Very spread out and there seems to be a lot of "coming soon" signs all over. B/c it is so huge even when super busy the hallways aren't too crowded.
There's so much Yelp hate towards this establishment.  I just don't understand why.  After yearrrrrrrs of living in the area and hearing about the expansion of Carousel Mall I was a bit surprised to find out that it actually happened.  Holy crap Carousel Mall is now Destiny USA.  Within the last two years I've seen the place transform and it's nice that Syracuse finally has a mall it can be proud of.   Coming home it's always nice to see what's changed, what's stayed the same... stores like DSW, H&M and Pottery Barn are just where I left them in the older in-need-of-a-few-upgrades* section of the mall.  But the new Canyon is pretty impressive and I kinda love the "bridge" that stretches over Hiawatha Blvd.  The parking lots are fairly expansive which is nice- the main parking lot surrounding the mall has always been terrrrrrrible.  However the valet parking on the other side of Hiawatha is utter nonsense.  I'll save my $5 for a beer or a side order of Gordon Biersch's sweet potato fries (which are awesome, by the way) (yelp.com/biz/gordon-bier…). Since my last visit I was excited to see the addition of more restaurants in the Canyon (that mall was always lacking in food options) and the new opening (over by H&M) that connects the canyon to the old part of the mall.  It's nice that visitors can connect to the old part of the mall at not just one but two different locations. Overall I think the upgrades and additions made to the mall have been great.  If/when I'm in Syracuse and {for some reason} need to go to a mall then obviously this is the spot to go to. -------------------------------- *Now that there is a shiny & new section of the mall can't they do something about the dated paint and flooring in the original section?  Could seriously use an upgrade, Destiny!
Huge mall with a great selection of stores, food choices, and lots of unusual play opportunities!  Well worth a visit!
This place was huge. Has doubled in size since the last time I came here.   Actually it might be too big.  They should have trolley service.
Great mall.  The mall itself is quite large so be prepared to do a lot of walking.  The new addition with many of the outlets will certainly make this mall even better.  The new additions is quite obvious.  On the upper levels you'll find the unique experiences that are available in addition to the regular shopping.  In the realm of the normal mall it's bright and clean.  Lots of stores.  Hopefully when I go back the rest of the outlet stores are open!!   Unfortunately I did not take advantage of the special activities available as the kids were too young to enjoy them but they do look fun and interesting!!
Let me start off by saying that I live in North Jersey. It's pretty much the middle of the mall universe there. In fact, I'm a 20 minute drive from 7 malls. Going from there to Syracuse, I was happy that there was at least one mall in the metro area. Destiny USA by all intents and purpsoes, is a pretty nice mall. There is a decent amount of shopping options for all demographics, housed in speciality, department and off-price retailer form. And with the recent expansion, shopping options will only increase. Entertainment options are one of the most extensive I've seen. There's a movie theater, a ropes course, laser tag, go-karting, an interactive children's museum, a comedy club and soon-to-be, an IMAX theater, bowling alleys and an ice bar. Food options are less plentiful. They have the traditional food court options, burgers, chinese, pizza, etc., but their sit-down selection is lacking. While other malls their size offer up to a dozen different options, Destiny currently only offers around 6 decent sit-down restaurants. Navigation is where Destiny fails. Though they have multiple interactive kiosks that make it easy for consumers to get to their intended location, the physical infrastructure of the complex is frustrating. This is primarily due to the fact that Destiny is laid out in a T-shape. This is the biggest reason why I gave the mall 4 stars, and really, there's not much that destiny can do about it. In conclusion, Destiny is the premier shopping destination for people in the Central New York area. There really isn't another shopping complex that can compare to it here.
When I first moved to Syracuse, I would go downtown on the weekend and wonder where the people were, and where the businesses were. Then I went to Destiny USA and understood -- they are cooped up in this depressing mall. I found out that instead of investing in city schools, or roads, or unique businesses downtown, the city of Syracuse gave in to the mall developer, Bob Congel, to the tune of 600 million dollars in tax exemptions over 30 years. Congel promised a retail and entertainment mecca that would attract visitors from around the world and bring money into Syracuse. What we got instead is one awful chain store after the next and a 30-year sentence to underfunded schools and dilapidated city infrastructure.
They need to enforce their NO SMOKING POLICY, especially when you walk near an entrance and less than 10 feet away, a wave of smoke comes into the faces of customers from employees at the mall hiding behind bushes. What a joke their policy is. just realized I wrote this months ago and forgot to post it, but, it's still accurate today...
I'm so torn when it comes to Destiny.  I like it because you can find pretty much any store you may possibly need but I always question if the hassle involved is worth it. As others have noted, getting into the mall is tough and traffic can be downright awful on weekends.  Who wants to sit 10-15 minutes while looking for parking just to get into the mall?   Once inside it can be very confusing when trying to find your way around - maybe I'm just not mall savvy enough but it can be a real pain to get where your going if you only need to hit a couple places.  To their credit, Destiny has added touch screen info screens that map out your route to a store - cool! The new restaurants are nice and give a nice boost to the tired options the mall has previously offered.   If you're like me and not big into malls as it is, then you'd be better off avoiding Destiny.
One of my favorite malls of all time! They have EVERYTHING here! Its close and easy to get to right off Interstate 81. The mall staff has always been great, especially at Old Navy! I live in Canada so the Old Navy's here don't carry all the Fourth of July Americana collection so I always go there for it. It has tons of great places to eat like, Johnny Rockets, Boston Market, Wendy's, and now the Cheesecake Factory plus IHOP is on its way!!! There's also a Coach outlet coming soon!
It is a big mall. It is tricky to navigate around. It has a lot of chain stores. That about sums it up. I would say there's nothing about this mall that sets it apart from other big malls, except maybe that it's a little bit bigger than normal. It is very tricky to get to if you don't know the area, and it's tricky to navigate inside, as others have mentioned. Some areas of the mall are mostly closed shopfronts with "coming soon" signs. Some of the kiosk vendors are very aggressive, which is unpleasant. On the plus side, if you live in central NY in places like Ithaca, you can find some of the stores like Banana Republic or Macy's that you might be missing in your small town. If you have to have the latest fashions, this is a good place to go. There's nothing unique here--I saw maybe one or two stores in total that I couldn't also find in Texas or Arizona or California.
WOAH!  They've really fixed this place up since my Autumn 2009 visit! vibrant paint colors + summer sunlight + some new stores = a much more pleasant Carousel Center experience
Ok, so I left town about 3 years ago amidst all the Destiny Drama, arrived in town this week and really enjoyed seeing the finished Destiny USA. My wife and I had a great afternoon walking around the new addition and trying one of the restaurants. The Canyon area is really cool looking and comes complete with a ropes course. Look forward to seeing what else is to come to the Mall, only wish is that it had been completed earlier.
It pains me sometimes to think that the biggest attractions in my Home Town include a grocery Store and a Shopping Mall, but c'est la vie. Carosel really is a massive Mall, built at a time when malls were smaller, darker and far less grand, this mall was by contrast, Billy Fuccillo Huge and bright.  Instantly half the malls in the area went out of business. As if Billy Fuccillo Huge wasn't big enough, the mall is in the midst of more than doubling in size to become one of the largest shopping malls int he world.  Its size and crowds usually sends me to smaller area malls and independent stores for my shopping, but a lot of store are only located here, so it's worth a look if you're in town.
Lime Green paint? Can't even keep a Borders open? This place is going downhill fast. Destiny for Despair!
Greatest Mall Ever! Has Go-Kart racing, movie theatre, FOOD, and other activities.  Enjoyed every bit, would come annually if it wasnt wasn't so far from Connecticut.
1at time there all we did was wonderworks had a really good time there staff was very informative and right there whole family had a great time did not have time to check the mall out
The reputation of this place precedes itself, especially to locals.  Carousel was always a quality mall, and then the Pyramid company came and promised outrageous things (the largest mall in America and an indoor golf course... come on) in exchange for huge tax incentives.  About a decade late and after thousands of angry news stories, they finally opened up part of the expansion, and honestly, it's pretty nice. Really, in terms of a review, there's not much to talk about regarding the mall, it's clean, it's safe, it's secure (there is no shortage of security people present), and there are a ton of stores.  There's also a ton of "entertainment" options (a go-kart track, a golf simulator, a comedy club) and some higher-end chain restaurants (Catina Laredo, PF Chang's, Gordon Biersch, Cheesecake Factory, Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill), though a lot of these places are pretty expensive.  The new part of the mall is beautiful, I'll give them that, and has a lot of solid stores that you don't really see around here (Armani, Micheal Kors, Hickey Freeman, Saks Off 5th, among others), but I don't really see the draw to come here from Canada... Eastview (in Rochester) and the Galleria (in Buffalo) offer similar things and are much closer.  Also parking is always a zoo (as it is at most malls)... my tip would be to park by the skywalk, there's usually spots open over there.
HORRIBLE!  Such a waste of resources, such a waste of space. I bet most of the new retailers are not around in a year.   The roads leading to the mall are terrible, potholes galore. Parking is a fucking nightmare. No traffic control. This mall takes the fun out of shopping. I hate this place and hope I never have to step foot into this monstrosity again. FAIL...........why does Soreexcuse, I mean Syracuse need all these awful stores and chain restaurants?
Carousel Center (now Destiny USA) was one of my favorite malls in Upstate NY when I was growing up as a teenager. I had some friends in the area and we'd head over to the Carousel Center and I parked my car in the parking garage under the mall on rainy days, a perfect day for mall shopping. We'd hang out for hours and also ride the carousel in the food court. The Carousel Center has a lot of good stores and eateries, many have come and gone over the years. On the downstairs common level back in the 1990s, the large pharmacy offered canned sodas for 35 cents and there was always a line. I'd also spent a good amount of time at Lechmere browsing the electronics, stereos, and CDs in the good ole days. Today, the mall has a decent Best Buy store and I also enjoyed shopping at the two level Borders Books (closed for good), where I've attended live musical performances and CD signings. If I were a teenager (under 18) today, I couldn't go to the mall after 4PM on weekends without my parents. Several years ago, the Mall, like other Pyramid Malls, implemented MB-18 (Must Be 18) requiring anyone under 18 to be escorted by parent or guardian 21 or older after 4PM on Fridays and Saturdays, except for the cinemas and exterior entrance stores. Staff in green jackets will check IDs at the entrances to the mall. As an adult I can shop at the mall in peace on Friday and Saturday nights. All those Green Jackets makes me feel like I'm at Augusta, Go Tiger!!!
As far as malls go, I can't complain. The place isn't as big as I thought it would be, and there aren't as many different types of stores in comparison to Roosevelt Field. However, it still is huge. They also have a really big air conditioned arcade by the food court with classics like Time Crisis :) They have a lot of places to eat, like Koto's, Panera (yum I love Panera), and typical food court food. I don't understand why they have multiple Abercrombie stores. The mall itself is good, but I can say a lot more about the stores themselves...
Carousel Center was a disappointment for me. As the sixth largest mall in the US, I expected some grandness but it really doesn't stand out in any way. The layout is boring and it's definitely inferior to Palisades Center in West Nyack, NY, a mall I grew up going to, and the eighth largest in the US. I was annoyed that the bathroom I went to only had three stalls. The mall wasn't busy, but there was still a line for the women's bathroom. Three stalls is not enough!
I'm not much of a shopper. I'm too old to ride the Carousel. My idea of shopping is getting what I need and getting out as quick as possible. Still, there's something pleasant about "destiny usa" or the Carousel Center. Sure, it has had its history of disappointments with promises of thousands of new jobs created and press releases touting that this mall will change Syracuse's economy (and somehow attract tourists..?). No, that hasn't materialized. However, they have built a decent mall that I think is a fairly attractive and huge structure from the outside. I came here to shop for my sister's birthday gift and with NO IDEA what to get her, and hundreds of stores upon walking in; I was a little overwhelmed. I stumbled into Eastern Mountain Sports since that's what was near the food court and looked around and then went to Macy's and scouted some nice spice racks. Sure, she could use that! I checked some other stores to compare and found a nice one at JC Penny, bought it and then went to the Hallmark store to get it gift-wrapped. Perfecto! She loved it. What I like about this mall is the smoke-free environment and their efforts to give preference to compact cars. Their effort to be 'green' may be about the additional marketing clout, but it presents a 'clean' image to me, the shopper and consumer. I felt good walking around the mall. I will feel good about going back. Sure, it may not live up to its promises, but it's a pretty cool, huge place. I will be back next time I'm in town and maybe they'll renovate this place so much more by then.
This mall has a way of sapping all the fun out of shopping. As the sixth-largest mall in America, you would think that Destiny USA would be a destination shopping experience.  One only needs to look at other large malls, like the Mall of America (Minneapolis), Woodfield Mall (Chicago), and any Westfield-owned center for examples of retail centers that "get it." But for various reasons, Destiny USA just doesn't cut the mustard as a super-regional mall. It starts with the drive into the mall.  The freeway connectors and roadways leading into the parking areas make no sense.  Construction abounds and navigating this maze is, frankly, a maze.   When you finally reach the parking area, there's hardly any parking within a reasonable walking distance.  And you would think parking within a parking garage would be convenient, but that's not the case here.  And don't even get me started about how pothole-ridden all of the pavement is surrounding the mall.  It's like a minefield. Once you make it inside, the layout is confusing as all hell, the interior is drab and dated to the late 80's, and the biggest "attraction," besides the theater, is the carousel in the mall (c'mon, really?).  The hallways are narrow, the basement floor makes no sense, and there's more dead ends in the mall's layout than can be counted on one hand.  The obnoxious teens add more to the shopping ambiance than anything else and there's a complete lack of a grandiose-feel that you would come expect.  Additionally, like much of Syracuse, ongoing construction abounds. However, there is one silver lining for those who live in the area.  This place has one of every retail store you would need to sustain your fashionable and style conscious self.  But beyond that, there's no joy in perusing this mall. If you're passing through Syracuse, just keep going.  If you're a local resident, this is really the only game in town.  And to the owners of Destiny USA, please sell this place to the Westfield group so their experts can work their magic in creating an actual destination shopping experience.
For a mall that promotes green energy they do nothing to accommodate those of us who chose walking or bicycling over driving a car.  No crosswalks, no bicycle racks, no nothing.  I would love to see bicycle racks installed in a sheltered area with camera monitoring so you don't have to feel like your bike is going to be stolen. Less and less stores here every time I go as well, and the ones they do have are niche clothing stores for women who wear a size 0.  The only pluses I can give the place is I enjoy the movie theater, and that the Cajun Cafe in the food court has excellent food.
This mall... reminds me more of streets than it does a full fledging mall. There's a lot of walking and window shopping because there's not actually anything nice to walk into. The stores are enormous, spacious and so much space with nothing actually there. If remodeling was in the works, I'd suggest Carousel to make the stores a little smaller so that you could fit a larger variety of stores. Even the stores themselves are a weird mix. There's no real classical dining places - the food court is really one tone (fried chicken, chinese fried chicken, barbecue... you get the point). Plus this mall makes you walk around in circles before you can go where you want.   This is coming from someone who lives in a city made of malls (Hong Kong/Asia in general), and have heard that Carousel is awesome to locals in the Upstate New York Area. I can't even fathom my spoiled mind, and I feel bad, but honestly - this place is stale and dull. It makes me really question what makes a mall fun, because even when I go with friends I get bored.
Typical shopping mall with your typical stores.  I think there's 2 to many Abercrombie stores but what do I know? There is a DSW downstairs and a glow in the dark mini putt!  This is so awesome for guys that don't want to sit around!  Drop $9 and kill some time.  There is also a large arcade by the food court and a awesome old school carousel.
The new section of the mall shakes like your on a trampoline... who the hell built this mall bob the builder?
What stood out here used to be the Hooters by the food court (Busty Upstate NY girls???) If you're an Ithacan thinking about driving here for "savings" or the unique, think at again especially with gas being over $3.50. There really isn't anything here that you couldn't get at Pyramid Mall and the Internet.
Why did they paint Carousel Mall to look like a Cricket store? Why do they keep spending so much money on trying to sell the idea to the public? I am very doubtful that Destiny USA is going to open the way it is currently designed. This is what will happen, oh we're out of money, we spent too much on the promotion. You'd think a Disney Park was opening the way it's being paraded. Nobody needs to be sold on the idea that something is "green," it is probably why you were hired. You can bet that all sorts of "green" problems will arise causing delays and increases in cost, but I'll be out of this city by then...
