Bars, Restaurants, Museum, a Shot Clock, yes Armory Square has it all, heck I even met my soon to be wife there.  The establishments range from low brow to high class with college kid meat markets like Daisy Dukes to some pretty serious eats like Pascale's and Lemon Grass. Late night the close the street to traffic so you can make the stumble to your next bar.  A number of the food places are open late (I would seriously suggest Nick's Tomato Pie) and in the summer, the Night's in Syracuse are perfect for out door drinking. If you want a good beer, Blue Tusk is your place.  A ton of beer on tap plus outdoor seating. Awful Al's is a cigar bar and one of the few places in Upstate New York  that allows indoor smoking. Empire Brewery brews their own and generally has some pretty good music. Syracuse Suds Factory also brews their own, though not quite as good as Empire, however the large space and lack of crowds tends to make this my default starting spot for a night out.
Seems like such a cool area but there isn't a ton of stuff to do. It seems to be growing though. I like the local cafes and coffee shops in the area and I am glad to see more and more new construction. The MOST is pretty fun but is in dire need of attention. I liked it.....and i didn't see any bad activity as others have mentioned and we were there for a week!
A lot of breweries in this area. A variety of restaurants, pubs, shops, etc... There are a lot of tables outside to sit out and chill with friends. Been to a few pubs, and nothing too great, but everything is good.
We love this area. Many small and big shops , very nice. A variety of restaurants, pubs, coffee shops, etc.  The Marriott is here as well. Is not perfect but slowly getting better. The Corridor to SU is a bus that stops at different places picking and dropping off people. It should be nice as Spring is around the corner. Come and shop local.
Our previous trip to Armory Square involved witnessing a broad daylight mugging-turned-knife-fight between some high schoolers, and I'm pleased to report that no such incident occurred this time around.   A pretty area--and, trust me, knife fights aren't the norm!--with unique boutiques, restaurants, bars, and unfortunately numerous empty spaces as well; the poor economy has clearly affected Armory Square.  My boyfriend and I walked off some calories here on Monday after a fantastic lunch at Dinosaur BBQ. Some of my favorite businesses in the Square follow: The Blue Tusk, just an all-around cool bar with diverse clientele Jet Black, a higher-end women's clothing and accessories store Mr. Shop, a higher-end men's clothing and accessories store Nick's Tomato Pie, a hole-in-the-wall with some seriously delicious pizza A great area to hit up whenever you find yourself in downtown Syracuse.
The square here is quite nice.  Reminds me of any historical downtown area.  Good sights.  Didn't spend much time here, but from what I did spend, I enjoyed it.   If you're driving through, make sure to stretch your legs here.  It's close to the freeway, so it is a short detour.
3 stars for the 'area"? so, yes, there are tons of bars and places to spend your cash, but its also smack in the middle of smacktown.  i dont like being panhandled nor always looking over my shoulder for vagrants. im here for business and was suppose to stay a week, but im cutting out short and going to sprawl-town to the east, so lets see how that is on my comfort level.
Armory Square is probably my favorite part of Syracuse. Pasta's Daily Bread is the bomb, Freedom offers a good cup of coffee, there's a Starbucks, there are a bunch of restaurants/bars/cute little boutiques, and Urban Outfitters recently moved in, too. Plus the MOST, which has what is (I believe) the only IMAX theatre in the area and is just an awesome place to bring kids. There seems to be a bit of a hipster vibe in parts of the area, which is oddly comforting to me, and it's just generally a very pretty area.
Great neighborhood with trendy shops, restaurants and bars/clubs.  They need to build a parking garage to accommodate all the cars circling for parking.  My favorite two things about Armory Square are Blue Tusk and Urban Outfitters.  Pastabilities is right up there on the list as well.
I love armory square. Its so pretty on a summer night or a fall interview. Bars and restaurants as well as stores like urban outfitters and Starbucks. Visit the sound garden for a walk down memory lane and to check out some vinyl. Pastabilties is awesome and kitty hoynes is great for a drink. I did a pub crawl one year before we moved here and it was awesome.
The restaurants around here are top-notch, there's no denying that.  But to be blunt the parking sucks, most of the stores are just overpriced novelty hawkers, and all of the homeless are a big turn off.  Even still the MOST is a nice place to take the kids or catch an IMax film.  At the very least they redeem the area.
