Why is this place so messy? I normally don't complain about a place too much but I was really dissatisfied and disappointed with this location. I'm overall not much of a Macys fan because there's honestly not much to get here other than shoes & perfume by Lancome (oh Miracle!) However, I feel like their jewelry is always really overpriced, and they just put ridiculous "sales" on everything to make it seem like everything's cheaper when it's actually not. This particular location was kind of frustration because it's really understaffed. The staff takes their sweet time to stroll over to help you with anything, and their customer service is mediocre at best. Won't be coming here again.
I'm not a Macy's fan in general, but, regardless, I'm capable of writing a fair review.  Unfortunately, this store at expanding Carousel Mall needs a lot of help. Was here about a week ago for quite a momentous occasion:  to buy my fiancé's mom her Mother of the Groom dress.  Ultimately, we decided that Macy's would probably fit the bill due to the store's sales and large selection of special occasion dresses. The driving force for my writing this review is the condition of the women's clothing departments we encountered.  I've seen episodes of "Hoarders" that feature houses with better looking post clean-up carpets than this Macy's store can claim.  Outside one of the fitting rooms there was an area so filthy I think a medium-sized farm animal must have been butchered right there, and who wants to try on special occasion dresses in a rundown fitting room that smells overwhelmingly like feet and dirty nylons? My other frustration with this store is the lack of customer service during our experience.  We spent quite a bit of time in the fitting room, and during that time I endured more catty complaining from women with armloads of clothes waiting outside than I cared to hear.  It took quite a bit of will power to not step outside, roll my eyes, and tell the women to get over themselves.  The day wasn't about me, after all.  Equally frustrating was that for much of the time we spent in the fitting room vicinity there was an employee there who busied herself with a rack of tried-on-and-rejected clothing and didn't bother with any customer interaction whatsoever. I'm not too familiar with Macy's coupon/sale structure, but I do know a bit thanks to my mom, an avid Macy's shopper.  Believe me, I've heard the stories about her running out to buy multiple newspapers to obtain the necessary number of Macy's coupons.  No newspaper buying for me, but I was happy that a fellow customer handed me an additional 20% off coupon...and then bummed when I learned that the coupon could only be used in conjunction with a Macy's credit card, which neither I nor my boyfriend have. Anyway...we came, we saw, we conquered.  Mission accomplished, though I certainly don't plan to head to a Macy's store--and especially not this one--any time soon.  Hopefully this Macy's has a remodel or move in its near future.
This is not the best example of a Macy's store.  Never anyone around to help or even cash you out! It never seems to be clean dont even get me started on the dressingrooms.  I was in there once it was so cold in the dressing rooms I didnt want to remove my coat let alone my clothing to try something on.   And let's talk about coupons...you can use it for this but not for that just provide a coupon that will work on anything, anytime it's not like we dont know you are gouging us.... And then there is the limited selection of nearly everything in their flyer....nope not the best shopping experience.
I normally love Macy's. This one is a so-so location. Very messy and not clean in many spots. It has a MAC counter which is an advantage, but that is often understocked.
My 20 year old daughter was taking escalator up and it suddenly stopped . Her foot went forward and took off part of bottom of big toe.   They were so mean and rude to her she was bleeding all over and only the cosmetic lady would help. The manager kept telling her she was fine and she should just go.. She called me on tears. Manager never said sorry or tried to help nothing . She went to emergency room try had to give her a special boot to where because bleeding wouldn't stop long story short three days latter and finally heard from Natalie from corporate that it msybtKe several weeks to review to v if they will even pay medical bill.   Are u kidding me!!! Not a single employer ever said sorry if asked if she was ok.   Your customer service sucks!!!!! This was at shopping town mall ny on Friday night ... Never shop there again.   They have no feelings towards their customers!!!!!
