I like this place. It's unpretentious and filled with all sorts of interesting gift-y items to fit a range of budgets. My guest and I were greeted by two associates chatting without sensing we were interrupting anything. We freely roamed around and found several great gift ideas for upcoming guests. Fresh air streamed in from the open door and the breeze was refreshingly summer. We discovered the perfect Buffalo memento for our friends and after purchasing, it was wrapped just beautifully, all ready to give. There was no attitude, just decent friendly chit chat between shopkeeper and shopper. Yes, Goldilocks, this place is JUST RIGHT. I'll positively return to Positively Main Street - even if it's located on Elmwood Avenue - in a heartbeat.
Shopping for gifts is hard. 9 times out of 10, I end up taking the easy way out and buy a gift card at a local grocery store and a greeting card. Other times, I feel like an absolute failure when I do that, so I put in some thought and effort and might even hit up a mall and visit multiple stores. That tends to be a pretty frustrating experience, so I'm grateful for gift shops that try to make the process a little easier. It's still far from ideal. I've never been to a gift store that, for instance, organizes itself based on the type of person you're shopping for: "girly girl, manly man, classy person, frat guy, sporty guy, etc." That would be pretty cool. With that said, I'm grateful that Positively Main Street saved me the other day from coming to my friend's going away party empty-handed. And although I had no specific idea of what I wanted to get my friend when I walked in, I DID know what gift wrap I wanted to use. I had some pink, girly Disney wallpaper with me and thought it would be a great gag to have it wrapped up as such. First, I walked into Everything Elmwood and asked them if they could wrap my gifts using my paper and they said they could only use their own paper! I was pretty upset, but luckily the nice lady at Positively Main Street was able to accommodate my request. I ended up buying a pretty offensive cork screw at this shop. I also had a T-Shirt that I wanted to give him and asked at the counter if she would be willing to wrap it as well. No problem! I ended up talking to the nice lady behind the counter and found out that her name was Linda and she's run the place for the last forty years. Wow! I had no idea this place was around for that long, but it made me appreciate it that much more. While she was wrapping, I browsed a little more and decided to buy some soap. There's a nice selection and the lemongrass soap I chose ended up being a great choice. Sure, a little pricey at $7.50, but it's a gift shop (and trust me, it's so worth it with how great it is for your skin!). Let me talk a little more about their selection: they have some really cool models, like a miniature bicycle that is chained up and 'functional' (although it's priced at over $80), great selection of plates, mugs, some novelty gifts, a good selection of greeting cards, gift wrap, soaps, massage oil, etc. It's a pretty small store, but they have a decent selection and the great service and 'local' factor will have me coming back again. In fact, I think I will make this my local stop of choice for gifts instead of Everything Elmwood now that they refuse to let me bring in my own custom gift wrap paper :).
This store is HARDLY EVER OPEN! Why bother going here? They clearly don't want ANY business. Never going back to see a CLOSED sign. Can buy all this crap online anyway, right?!
Was at Elmwood Pet Supplies yesterday and figured I would stop in here real quick to see if they had anything good for Valentine's day. I used to live around the corner and knew they usually had some unique trinkets and gifts. Was glad to see after 6 years they are still going strong and offer a good selection of things. I ended up picking up a cool stone heart shaped jewelry box that was only $15 for the wife. Then also got some cool little teeth wind up toys for my two boys. If you're looking for some gifts that aren't the normal bull you can get at other stores, this is a great place to do so while buying locally.
This store is a treasure. I always find something funny, amusing, silly, or elegant at this shop and the customer service is unparalleled. I strongly recommend stopping in. The stock is always fresh and interesting.
This store is NEAT.  Tons of random things you would never think of.  Funky wine glasses, magnets, cool jewelry, postcards, gag gifts, etc.  The store is pretty small and the prices are steep.  I would come back here if I'm looking for a funny gift for a girlfriend for a birthday.
Run, do not walk, to this gem of a store on the Elmwood Strip.  It's right next to a Blockbuster Video store and across the street from the Globe Market...you can't miss their red facade. If you're looking for affordable and EXTREMELY unique stocking stuffers or something a bit more expensive yet still EXTREMELY unique, you MUST do yourself this favor and go shopping at this locally owned and operated gift shoppe. They have toys, cards, gifts, photos, jewelery, knick knacks, conversation pieces, clocks, watches, everything you can think of but, the BEST and most UNIQUE items in town.   The staff is fun, they'll explain everything to you (like the neat and bizarre toys) and treat you like a friend.  You never feel rushed.  You won't have to worry about your gift-getter already having what you'll purchase in this great store. I LOVE THEM!
I really like this store! My boyfriend and I went there for Christmas gift browsing and found something small and fun for most of our friends and family. Since then it's become a Must Stop when I need a gift! There's something funky, unique, and funny for everyone!
I DEFINITELY agree with the above post.....talk about unique, fun and affordable! I found "perfect" gifts for everyone...including earrings for myself that you'd never find in a mall. Best is, they put everything in their own box....with TISSUE PAPER!! Try getting that at a mall!
