Jet Black is a nice clean store with trendy mid- to high-end brand clothing and accessories for women. Jet Black has a 50% off summer sale going on, but unfortunately I had expensive taste the other day:  it's as though I was physically unable to be drawn to an item of clothing with an original retail price tag of less than $300.   At this point in my life (i.e., pre-engagement, saving up for a condo down payment, paying off student loans) I can't justify spending $150+ on an on-sale Alice+Olivia top.  And oh how I loooove Alice+Olivia tops.  A couple different ones--a ruffle-y one in different shades and fabrics of gray and a black one with leather cut-out detailing--nearly brought me to my knees at this store. On the other hand, my boyfriend's aunt picked up 2 whimsical tank tops for her daughter, and, along with a pair of Hanky Panky 1-size-fits-all underwear, managed a total bill in the $65 range.   Good stuff.  Generally high prices.
I've only been to Jet Black a handful of times in my 4 years at Syracuse and I think I only bought one dress on major sale. But, I can never forget about Jet Black because I get an emails from them about twice a week !! I can probably remove myself from the mailing list but that would require me to open up the email and spend sometime figuring it out- No Thanks....Delete ! The Vince dress I bought it great, I wear it all of the time... probably the most affordable brand they carry at Jet Black. I don't know who their customer is because Syracuse isn't really the most affluent area... at all. And the clothing isn't really appropriate for the everyday life of a Syracuse student. I'm sure SU students keep them in business though with buying a key item now and then ( probably from the sale rack ) because SU students are the only ones who can afford it; well, their parents can afford it.
The only time I can afford to shop here is when there is a sale - but you HAVE to check out Frankie & Faye (sandwiched in-between Pastabilities and Freedom of Espresso) for $39-or-less deals on out-of-season fashions from Jet Black. I've scored a few pairs of Joe's jeans, a pair of William Rast capris, a Mystic cocktail dress, two Van Cleef and Arpels-esque necklaces and a few other items from Frankie & Faye, and I stop in there weekly on my way to my car after work because they re-stock on Tuesday. Jet Black is a great place for jeans - they carry Joe's, which are only available at J. Michael on SU Hill or at Lord & Taylor. However, all items are extremely pricey (think $100 and up) and it always amazes me that they can stay in business. Service is usually friendly, but girls, beware: if you walk in and the sales girl's don't approach you immediately, it's because they've sized you up and assume that you won't be able to afford anything in the store. I'd recommend Frankie & Faye (owned by the same guy who owns Mr. Shop and Jet Black) for great deals on adorable clothes, belts, and accessories. You can get on their email list, too, and receive an update when new items arrive.
The only place like it in town. And they have great taste. Mind you, on my college budget, I didn't go too often, but nowadays, I actually wish they had one in Boston. It would fit right in in the Back Bay. They always had great jeans, great seperates, and a great sale rack!
i don't think there is anywhere else in syracuse to shop.   for women.  is there? if there is, let me know.
so expensive. a cute headband in there was over $100. ummmm, PASS! go to BOUNCE right across the street for half the price and double the cuteness.
