My family started to come here for tattoos after our doctor recommended the place because she knew they were clean, careful, and did amazing work. Our doctor was right. My mom and sister were the first to get their tattoos here and they did a great job making it an easy decision to come back here. I came here right after I turned 18 to get my first tattoo of praying hands. I loved that when I went to make an appointment the person there was really great at giving me advise since this was my first tattoo and the thing I loved the most is that the tattoo didn't go to that artist strictly because he spoke to me. At Halo the tattoo goes to the artist who is best in that area. I love that since I have gotten a couple in Rochester and it was not the same way. A person got my tattoo simply because they helped me first. After I made my appointment I went back a couple of day slater for Chris to do my tattoo. It took about 2 hours and cost $250. It was totally worth the price and the pain. The tattoo came out amazing and years later, it is still amazing. After I got this tattoo I cried for weeks saying I would never get another because the pain is so awful... well that was a lie because 6 weeks after that I got another tattoo. This one was much small and on my wrist. I got it to match my mom and three sisters and King Ron did this one. Similar as my first tattoo I said it wasn't worth the pain and I was glad that I had my tattoos but I didn't need anymore. Well once again, this was a lie because another 6 weeks after the second tattoo I went back for a third. This was the Italian flag in a heart which I love. I can't remember who did this tattoo but he is no longer working with the shop. After those three I took a tattoo break for a couple of years and then went back and got my fourth with is the footprints in the sand on my foot which my sister also got. The person who did this tattoo also did my heart and was also amazing. I got 2 other tattoos in Rochester once I moved there and they are good tattoos they are small and simple so I didn't mind getting them done in Rochester instead of Halo however, I prefer Halo and will drive an hour and a half to get a tattoo which I have done two times with my husband. This summer we will make a third trek to Syracuse for a tattoo. My husband got Mr. Feeny and had things added to a tattoo he previously had done elsewhere that needed a little more love. Overall, this place is amazing. We tell everyone we know to drive here just to get a tattoo since the place is clean and the do great work. This will continue to be our place to get tattoos and if I were into body piercing I would come here as well.
Simply AMAZING !!! Eric (piercer) took excellent care of my nose piercing that was closing up and was able to get my new ring in ! He was very attentive and didn't make me feel dumb for attempting to change the ring on my own .Shop was clean, staff very friendly and professional ! Will definitely be going back again  5 stars for sure !
I had an exceptionally good experience at Halo on Marshall street. With the number of people I've seen in there the few times I've gone, I'm very surprised they don't have more reviews. In any case, this was my first tattoo and I was a bit nervous. From the beginning the woman working the front worked with me to find the right artist for what I wanted. I had DJ Rose do the actual tattoo. He was on time and went over the text and design I wanted in detail to make sure it looked right. You can tell he's passionate about the industry based on his tons of tattoos and views on people who don't tolerate them. The process of getting the tattoo wasn't all that painful considering I had it on my ribs. Good hands and the tattoo looks great. Overall, a clean tattoo parlor and great service made for an fantastic experience. I would definitely recommend them and would go back when I decide to get another one. Also, they'll do touch ups if your tattoo fades so that's worthy of note.
First let me start by saying that I am VERY PICKY about my piercing places. So, this review need not apply to anyone who does NOT care much about SERVICE or QUALITY. I always check out the places I go prior to buying even jewelry, let alone piercing places. I understand that being a piercer is all cool and whatnot, but seriously, don't be an ass about it. My FIRST IMPRESSION should have told me all I need to know. I rang the line to see about hours, services, prices, and appointments. I received the voice mail, and was rather put off by the message. It did not provide any helpful information except to repeatedly tell me to NOT LEAVE A MESSAGE. SECOND and LAST IMPRESSION confirmed my suspicions. I am HAPPY that you are making A TON OF MONEY off INEXPERIENCED college students (and possibly locals) who do not know any better. But, please, do not try to pull one over on me. You are RUDE. Your JEWELRY is OVERPRICED and NOT QUALITY. Just because I don't look like any of the other SPENDING-DADDY'S-MONEY customers doesn't mean I'm not important or have money that's just as good. Now, I understand this CHAIN has a different locations, and the only one I am familiar with is the M-STREET one. It is entirely possible that this is an anomaly. But, I guess I'll never know as I've found better elsewhere.
Got my first tattoo here. I went here with my roommate. It was spontaneous, I was bored after class so we went here. I think the guy who tattoo me is Mike. He's the one with all the cool comic characters tattoos. He has a Japanese wife. Anyway, he was a cool dude and he designed the tattoo I want pretty fast, and then he started working on it right away. I got a nautical star on my shoulder and it took him around 30-45 minutes to finish it. My friends all got tattoos here and they all recommended me to Halo. I love this place, had great conversation with the tattoo artist and the guy who takes your name down.
So after going in here again today I had to change my review. The new piercer, Quinn, is FANTASTIC. She was willing to go out of her way to help me and order jewelry for me and she made me feel like a valued customer. I will definitely be going back for anything and everything and I am so glad I went in here today because it totally changed my mind.
I got my third tattoo done here, I was tattooed by the co owner DJ he is a very friendly excellent artist. They are priced very well and the environment is comfortable and welcoming. I highly recommend getting a tattoo here I would definitely go back
I went to the Halo on Marshall St. last week to get a tattoo touched up that wasn't well done (I got it at a different tattoo shop, NOT at Halo) and the tattoo artist, DJ, did a fantastic job.  He made me feel very comfortable, and when I was a wimp about the pain he gave me breaks and helped talk me through it.  The place was professional and clean, the service was great, and the artists were very kind and personable.  I was very pleased with the end result, and the price was reasonable.
