Great little yarn shop.  Organized well with plenty of supplies available. Helpful , knowledgeable shop owner, and even a cute bull dog resides here during store hours! very addictive to knitters!
Wonderful selection of yarns and supplies. But it stops there. I've left several times in the past few weeks feeling very slighted and taken by the owner. She's good at helping guide you in what to purchase. Especially her higher end yarns and needles. But when it comes to actually helping purchase the 'proper' things for a project, that's where she fails.   I shop there because I like nice yarn. Also because I am a beginner knitter. I need the help a store like this provides. But the owner is not the go to person. Her employee is very helpful in making sure I have what I need. Needle types, sizes, etc. The owner as I mentioned, thinks nothing of $20 a skein yarn and $30 needles. But can care less if it's the proper length or size needle for the job. Also, when paying for almost $20 / skein,most people would wind it for you as a courtesy. Tonight I can home and spent and hour winding a tangled mess of her best yarn. Then complains that I used a credit card for my purchase, because she gets charged fees. I'm all about service. And poor service will keep me from future buying at Sheep Thrills.
I do adore this little shop. Very friendly staff, they were happy to answer all of my questions and chat with me for a while. They offer classes for anyone interested in them. Awesome and well stocked selection, many different kinds of fibers (acrylics, alpaca, merino, etc.) and colors to choose from. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so pricey.
I came to Sheep Thrills for lessons about 3 years ago.  I felt at ease even though I wasnt a knitter...yet.  The classes were wonderful and the owner was helpful and nice.  I still take lessons on a fairly regular basis and love to wander about the shop looking for my next project!  Great selections of yarn and patterns, wonderful professional guidance, warm inviting atmosphere make it the perfect yarn shop around the corner!
Absolutely wonderful yarn shop. Owner and staff so helpful and welcoming. I happened on it while on a business trip and have purposely been back as it is such a pleasurable experience. Stock is incredible with a great range in pricing and book selection inspiring. The shop owner even looked for a pattern and sent it to me. Worth a trip from anywhere.
