I am totally bummed that the Barney's outlet closed yesterday. I always felt confident in whatever I bought there from the jewelry, to the shoes, perfume and pants. I could also make New Yorkers jealous with the fact that we had this store here. On the other hand, the Godiva soft serve ice cream is unbelievably delicious. Dark chocolate, vanilla bean and twist- the best of both in one cup! The store only opened yesterday, I stumbled upon it while on my last pilgrimage to Barney's. It cheered me up a little in my time of loss. OMG a Barbour outlet is coming. And the Middle Eastern fast food in the food court is worth eating as a purposeful part of a trip to shop. Hard to write a review of the entire outlet mall, as this is categorized. Overall it's a pretty good mall but a housewares and furniture store (Crate and Barrel, West a Elm?) and a beauty supply would make it more perfect. It seems the Saks outlet is discontinuing it's housewares and beauty. I loved their small selection of high end frames, dishes, candles, lotions, soaps and shampoos.
This place is under a lot of construction, I'm certain to give is a more modern feel.  As an earlier Yelper mentioned, there are several shops here but the prices would NOT be considered an outlet price point. The place was rather empty on a Thursday afternoon, which doesn't say much for it's ability to draw in customers...
A run-down old mall, with outlet "shops" but no outlet prices. If you're in Niagara Falls (Ontario), don't come across expecting to get those US deals -- go to Toronto and you'll find better prices and a more enjoyable experience.
Let me start off by saying, I hate to sound rude, but WTH with all the Canadians?  Many say they are doing a favor by shopping here, but really, it's keeping the locals from shopping at all.  I moved here about a year ago, to WNY, and I've been to this mall a handful of times.  And every single time, I've feared for my life walking through the parking lot.  And every single time, the car had Ontario plates.   Then, walk into the mall and it's wall to wall people.  Judging by the maybe 80% Ontario plates in the lot, they're mostly from across the border.  Ok, fine.  Come spend the money.  Whatever.  HOWEVER, I've been jostled, pushed, cut in line, have had things I was looking at taken out of my hands by other shoppers (are you KIDDING me?), and dodged trash and old clothes not only in the parking lot, but inside the mall as well.   Not to mention, there are no "outlet" style deals here.  I've been to OUTLET malls, and this isn't one of them.  And let's not forget the wonderfully fragrant toxic waste dump down the road wafting it's scent in the area, and you've got a recipe for a crappy experience.   Now, I only go there for the truffles, and nothing more.  It's not worth risking my life playing frogger with the NON-drivers in the parking lot.
Came here Monday morning. I guess this place is a mobbed mad house on Weekends. The mall 90% empty is a decent enough experience. I liked the Ralph Lauren store. Most places have pretty decent mark downs 20%-40%. Food court is a little unimpressive.
I didn't love the Fashion Outlets and here's why.  Are you outside or are you inside?  I didn't know where to park and there really was no good spot from the physical structure of these outlets. There was a lot of construction going on while I was there so maybe the parking is better on a regular basis.The clientele that shops here made me feel really uncomfortabe.  There were so many older men sitting on benches in the middle of the mall that were staring me down.  I let it go the first two or three times but after the third time I was so aggravated and all I wanted to do was leave.  They were actually turning their heads and watching my every move.  It was awful.  There are some good stores obviously depending on your personal preference.  I liked: coach, michael kors, hanes, gap, and the nike factory store.  It just so happens that on the day I went, everything at Coach was 50% off.  This was great and there were definitely very reasonable deals.  The same holds true at Michael Kors, lots of discounts for high end products.  The Nike Factory store had some very cheap sneakers and there was a very large selection.  I was excited about the Ann Taylor and Loft stores but it seems like the ticketed price was double of what it should  be, so the 50% outlet discount price really didn't blow me away at all.  The customer service in the Reebok store might have been some of the worst I have experienced.  The people there are too busy chit chatting with one another to help you out.  The look I got when I asked one to open a dressing room for me could kill.   I think I am better off just waiting for discounts to come through in the mail than driving the 25 minutes to this place.  I think my favorite part about this place was the Food Court.  I didn't have time to stop and eat but they had tons of cool options, even a Pita Gourmet.
Not too shabby, Niagara Falls.   No, this is not the greatest outlet mall in the country, but it is pretty nice to have within 20 minutes of Buffalo.  They have a good selection of stores-- mid-range and high end-- and even more are on the way!   Currently, the parking is tough due to construction; however, when I most recently shopped on Thursday afternoon/ evening, I had no trouble finding a spot.  I recommend coming during the week for this reason.   Although others have commented that many of the stores aren't worthy of the outlet title due to high prices, I disagree.  I have found great deals at the Saks outlet on clothing that's sold at Tony Walker for 3x the price.  I have also had very good luck at  Coach, Banana Republic and J. Crew.  Personally, I have found that if you shop the sale sections in each store and use any available coupons (Coach often hands them out at the door), you're probably going to find a bargain! My most recent trip to the Fashion Outlets was inspired by a desire for some new summer clothes.  I've been trying to cut back on shopping in order to save for our wedding, but lots of my clothes are starting to look tired and outdated so I threw my hands up in the air and gave into temptation.  I'm glad I did.  For just over $100, I walked out of the mall with 2 new skirts, 5 tops and a cardigan.  Definitely worth the trip. Not only did I find some great deals (one of the shirts from Banana was only $3), I was also treated really kindly by every sales associate that I encountered.  Maybe it's different on the weekends, but each check out person was noticeably friendly, especially at Saks and Banana.  It was nice to have a mini conversation that went beyond transaction pleasantries. My only complaint was that the changing rooms in Saks were absolutely disgusting.  Let it be known: I am not a neat freak. However, there was gum all over the walls and hair balls the size of rodents on the floor.  It was really bad.  The whole area just seemed to be covered in filth.  The thing is, if that's the price that I have to pay to find a designer skirt on sale for $28, then I am totally okay with it. I'll be back!
Despite all the canadians who seem to be the rudest shoppers ever, I do like this mall. Its great for back to school shopping on a budget. Gap outlet and Banana Republic have the greatest deals. The mall itself always seems to be clean. A little contruction going on now in the parking lot. Always try to go early
The outside can be deceiving. GO INSIDE. We drive by the outlet and almost left before getting out of the car until we realized there was an inside part.  This Outlet looks like a strip mall at first glance but please be advised there is an interior section that is nice, modern and clean. We went on a Saturday evening and it was safe and somewhat empty.  It doesn't touch the major outlets like Woodbury Commons, Potomac Mills or the best outlets in Florida but this has more than the basics and there's a food court. I found great deals as Bebe, BCBG and J Crew. Stop By!
We went there yesterday and headed to Coach store 1st then to Lindts and some other stores. All the staffs of the stores that we went to are friendly and courteous and when we had a little conversation with some of the salesperson and told them we're from the otherside of the falls they're more nicer and offered us more discounts. SWEET!!! The whole area is neat and tidy even the washrooms are clean. The foods at the food court are excellent but we can't sit to enjoy our meal and to relax a bit after a long drive. We went to our car to eat and it's hot!.... And Oh, we payed taxes at the custom. I'm afraid to lie at the officer and handed all the reciets. SIGH. We'll definitely go back again.
Honestly there is nothing "outlet" about this mall, I don't find many deals here, some at the very end of a season well into the new season. There is nothing for kids at this mall(except kids clothing stores) and wi-fi access is almost non-existent or very sparse unlike all the other local malls where wi-fi is everywhere. No movie theater or good restaurants nearby. No video game, electronic stores or toy stores. No Abercrombie, American eagle or Hollister for the teens. Clearly this mall is catering to the older shoppers and not families or even teenagers. As far as deals go most stores have a buy one get one type of sales where you have to buy 2 things to get money off if you aren't buying 2 then it's regular price. The footwear stores are especially guilty of this. I would be lucky to find one pair of shoes that fit me at this mall and finding 2 in the same store would basically take a miracle, same with other items so these deals don't really work well for me. Maybe if you were shopping with a large group of people and split the deals it might work for you. Overall these types of deals aren't very good though especially since the buy 2 get one or buy one get one half off are the only deals offered at some stores. These so called deals are obviously designed to get you to spend twice as much as you originally intended. Much better deals, on single items can be found elsewhere. I won't single out any particular group here but the shoppers here are extremely rude and they will do anything to bowl you over while you are walking. Parking is the worst I have seen at any mall in my life and I have been to plenty other malls. Also I have shopped in Canada previously and found everyone to be very courteous and polite so I have nothing against Canadians. There must be some other force at work here that makes people so rude and uncaring while in this mall. The other local malls do not have this problem even when shopping on weekends. Some of the stores also do not have very good quality merchandise. For example, Wilson's leather has had the same coats in that store for years and many of them are beat up and show obvious wear and they still charge a lot for a coat. Saks sometimes has this problem too, with very old merchandise in the store. So you have to be careful with what you buy and look over the merchandise carefully. If you are local unless you consider a pair of $350 jeans for $175 a good deal I wouldn't even bother shopping here as there is little in the line of regular, affordable clothing for people living on a Niagara Falls income. Unless you have to have a certain brand and if you have to have a certain brand you will be paying the same price you would pay elsewhere for that brand.
A very reasonable priced outlet mall with great collection. The mall has a good selection of shops and these shops are loaded with goodies to choose from. The relevant sizes were available as well. The food court was ok... not much variety compared to what is in Toronto. Note to first timers - some shops are behind the mall and are outside so make sure you check the map.
This outlet mall is the Nightmare before Christmas. Although its not quite holiday season yet, apparently we made the mistake of going on a Saturday. Like Galleria, this outlet is filled with locals, tourists and Canadians who have crossed the border for their shopping deals.  Every lot was filled and parking literally took about 20 minutes to find a spot - we eventually gave up and parked illegally - cuz we are boss like that - ! We purchased a bag in the Michael Kors outlet for my niece's 21st bday.  A sales associate named Steven was awesome and very helpful.  He genuinely cared and wanted us to make the right decision for her special gift. If in the area, be sure to request his assistance while at MK.   The outlet itself was far too overrun with people. I now am reminded why, when I lived in the area, I used to go shopping here on random weekday nights. It's the only way you can truly ENJOY and shop in peace.
This is our go-to spot when we are looking for wardrobe changes. The best-for-us shops include: Banana Republic, Tommy Hilfiger, GAP, Loft and for gift giving, Coach. We always seem to find decent quality merchandise at great prices. Do know retail pricing before shopping for comparison, and know sometimes, there may be undesirable problems that may or may not bother you. Two times I got wildly flawed merchandise; once from Loft, a pair of jeans that had a very crooked inseam, winding from where it should be to well off path, should have tried on; the other time, I ended up with two DIFFERENT colored shoes from Famous Footwear, one brown, one black. They took them back, a week later, no hassle. Again, should have tried them BOTH on! Although often crowded, the place is clean. Beware the zany drivers in the parking lot; it's as though everyone suddenly loses their vision and the cars are driving themselves. The down side of the Outlet Mall is that parking can be hard to find and the crowdedness, although if you can visit off-peak, neither should be a problem.
Never buying brands in Canada again. Well okay, Guess was not so DEAL-icious... but the $2000 Burberry coat was totally $1000. Also Michael Kors had a bigger sale than Coach. Joy. However, I didn't end up buying anything *sadface* ... I need my Mommy to shop; I seriously need her opinion on everything I buy. Shopping buddy forever. My boyfriend, however, wasn't in any need of opinions. He walked into 5 shoe stores and bagged 5 amazing deals for himself. Nike and Addidas sneakers for $39.99 each, a pair of neat Puma shoes for $25 (STEAL) and this other brand he knows about for some ridiculous stealishious price. Ankie Tip? Don't claim your goods at the border. Why pay tax? We took off the labels, threw out the boxes and shoved every shoe under nooks and corners in the car. Plus it pays to not look like the shopping kind. :)
In response to miss anti Canadian, this mall kinda sucks, no bargains and yes, overrun with Canadians.  But think about it, smart & polite Canadians, like me, avoid this place like the plague.  So you end up getting the dummies who think there's deals to be had here, not from my experience.  In fact I'd go as far as saying this is the most unpleasant mall experience I've ever had!  No deals and wall to wall people, parking is absolutely a nightmare.  FYI, to the idiots dumping their old clothes, you aren't fooling Canada Customs officers, they know what's going on...it's just not worth arresting you for 100 bucks.  Stop being so stupid & rude people...LOL PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, Western New Yorkers don't judge all of Canada on the morons that are so ignorant at this mall.  They are the stupid, low class ones.  They never dare behave this badly at their regular shopping centers at home, so this stupidity, while absolutely true, baffles me.  There's plenty of Canadians like me who treat the USA and it's citizens with respect.
This outlet mall has definitely transformed throughout the years. When I was a kid, the best brand here was probably Calvin Klein. However now there's a Off 5th Saks, Barneys, Burberry, BCBG, Kate Spade, etc. The Burberry has pretty good deals on coats and jackets. It's like my mom's favorite store (Asian mom syndrome). I also can usually find some great deals at Barneys and Off 5th. The J Crew factory store usually has some good deals. I went the day before Thanksgiving and the sales were pretty much the same as black friday and it wasn't as crowded. The food court is okay, your typical Chinese, Japanese, Pita, Pizza and Subway.
nice layout of the store and a nice selection of candles. found some great deals as well and the staff members were very pleasant and helpful.
With Fashion Outlets, your luck depends on the day. This mall attracts A LOT of people so even though they'll have sales (which are amazing)... your experience may/may not be so great. Pros - Great store for brand names: Michael Kors, Lindt, Under Armour, Kate Spade, Ralph Lauren; it's a one stop shop for many brand names without the brand name prices Cons: - You will be at the mercy of hunting for parking. They have HUGE parking lots, but they attract many tourists that travel in the form of coach buses, vans, cars - If your size (for shoes, clothes, what have you) is common, chances are low that you'll be able to benefit from the sales... because your size might be sold out :(   - Don't come on the weekend... especially not a long weekend (= no parking & huge crowds). This is a mall that is frequented by Canadians. You'll notice this especially since everyone is extremely polite and may apologize/say thanks with small gestures (bumping, holding doors, etc.). You'll also see several ONTARIO license plates (do not fret, we don't bite). Honestly, WE LOVE DEALS and Canadian shopping malls are mildly overpriced. This last weekend, I was able to find 2 pairs of heels & a pair of boots (Nine West, Aldo & Charlotte Russe ;D) for less than $100. I was ecstatic. However, I've been to Fashion Outlets at least 5 times in the past year for shoes and have left unhappy (my shoe size is a common size among girls D:).  Keep these little things in mind while shopping. Do I love Fashion Outlets? Absolutely. Do I prefer it over Walden? Absolutely. Will I come here again? Most definitely. On a weekend? Hell No.
So I live in CHICAGO and we have FOC.   This place is A-OK, but they dont have that many great stores.  3.5 really My husband got a $200 pair of boots for $50 that are currently in season and style.  BONUS! Other than that, I found it ok.  With OK deals and stores...nothing to wet your pants over.
I HATE going to this mall. -Parking is impossible. This place is overrun by Canadians. I've had parking spots stolen from me and my side view mirror knocked off my car. And no I didn't encounter the polite and friendly Canadians, apparently they all stay in Canada and don't even shop here because of the nutty Canadians that do shop here. -Garbage is everywhere. Why? Because the Canadians ditch their clothes so they won't have to declare them. The Malls should start having those donate clothes bins. -The mall setup is weird. Its a half inside mall, half outside mall, WTF? I would prefer that this mall is an indoor mall because it gets cold in WNY, and with said parking problems trekking awhile through the snow is a NO. -Deals aren't that great. My hubs and I usually find something but we never do enough massive shopping to warrant all the hassle. I say leave this mall to the Canadians. I do my shopping when I go home to NYC.
When the Canadian exchange rate was a whole lot more favorable, this mall was a major destination for cross-border shopping. Despite many upgrades over the years, the facility always strikes me a little past its prime. And maybe the "upgrades" are part of the problem; one side effect of the incremental growth is a labyrinthian layout that is totally confusing to navigate. All that said, the mall features a wide variety of stores, with something to suit just about any taste or need. If you're a smart shopper, you can find some great deals. If you're a gullible shopper, you can spend way more money than you should on low-quality, made-in-China garbage. The selections at the food court are actually more interesting than what you find at many of the malls in the area. On our annual pre-Christmas trip to the mall, a friend and I always stop in for a falafel wrap that is delicious.
i actually use to hate this mall about 6 or 7 years ago. a lot has changed. there is definitely a better food court with more options and more modernized with popular restaurants. not just ur mcdonalds or subway. they added on a new wing of stores and actually looks like they are adding even more in the near future. the add on looks like more high end stuff but the deals are amazing. so michael kors, kate spade, coach to name a few. yes they are the more expensive ones but the stores again have great deals and the stores are much bigger than most malls. i dont know if this would be my go to mall when in buffalo but its nice for a change
Clearly the shopping Gods were not shining down on me the day I went to this outlet mall but it sure does have some impressive shops... Burberry, Coach, Michael Kors and Oakley to name only a few. This outlet mall boasts 150 designer stores! It's well laid out and has a food court. Along with the surrounding stores outside, this could very easily be a one-stop shopping experience... unless you're me, of course. I think I might actually be the only woman in history that went back across the boarder and NOTHING to declare. :(
If you have certain stores you like and know what sales to expect, the Fashion Outlets can be good. It is just a matter of knowing what you are getting into. Some stores are Outlets, maybe with returns, past their season items, "seconds", and other slightly off merchandise . Others are Factory Stores that often have the high end items, but mainly feature a lower-tier, B-list version of the brand. Sometimes it is a little harder to tell what is what if they aren't clear Some are just regular stores that seemingly sell stuff at the same price as elsewhere or are just outlet mall regulars. I am pretty good with navigation, but I get lost in here. Never sure what "square" I am in and when I think the store I want is right around the corner, I am off by a row. Some stores are closing down and it is hard to tell if they are moving to another part or gone for good (Dress Barn was closed, Jones NY was getting rid of the last few racks). They are apparently doing some big addition in the back, we'll see what comes of that. They need to move all the stores to the inside. Places I like: -Nike when they have extra 20-30% off their clearance shoes around the back right corner of the store, though you can find good deals in their regular shoes section too for some styles. -Coach. I carry Coach, but just know 90% of this store is their "Made For Factory" line which is never sold or seen at the regular Coach Store or Coach.com. It is never sold for the price on the tag and is lesser quality leather and materials, etc. Unfortunately Coach doesn't call it like "C for Coach" or anything so it can be hard to tell if you aren't familiar. They usually have a some part of "delete" section in the back which is made of Full price bags from Coach stores that are sent here after season, if they or their color isn't that popular, or returns since Factory stores take any returns (and Coach has a liberal return policy). You can sometimes get really good deals on current bags if you know what you are looking for. -Ann Taylor. I am a dressy tank/top and cardigan wearer for work and I can find lots of good deals here in the clearance. These are things that usually that I can wear throughout the year for $5-20 per item. They last and wash well compared to other places I have bought from before (looking at you, Van Heusen). -BareMinerals. If you are looking for gifts or random stuff from deleted gift sets this is good, though I bought a set yesterday and what was inside was different from the display when I got home. These are usually your best bet for a deal. Rest of general individual items are close to regular price as the normal boutique, but they run some ok specials and they will take BareMinerals coupons you get from being on their email list. Parking as others mention can be a mess. I usually try to come on like US holidays like MLK, Jr day, or in the summer in the middle of the week in afternoon as it isn't as bad. I go by myself usually and just power ahead to the few places I like to go and skip the rest. In the winter, I wouldn't want to bother with the "outdoor" stores. Maybe this will be solved with the remodel/addition. If you are coming up from Buffalo Northtowns, driving up Niagara Falls Blvd instead 290/190 over Grand Island is not so bad at off-peak times.
Many of the stores here are factory stores ( items made for the outlets) and some like off 5th, Barney's and Burberry's are outlets where you can find good deals.     The parking lot right now is a disaster, nearly a third is closed off due to construction and unless you go early in the day you can expect to have to take a shuttle from a muddy parking lot a half a mile a way.
This place is always a clusterf*ck, especially on weekends and around holiday times. The Canadians are rude and will steal your parking spaces- even if you've been waiting with your blinker on. They will also leave trash and full baby diapers in the parking lot for you to park on top of. Great behavior, for sure! The only reason I come here is because there is an Eddie Bauer Outlet and the GAP has extended sizes, beyond what they have in the stores. Granted, the quality of the clothing is not as good as the regular stores and the prices aren't really cheaper. But every so often I get coupons that need to be used. Overall, I hate this place, but I do like the bargains from time to time. Just beware of the crappy, rude shoppers you'll need to tolerate if you want to shop here.
I loathe malls.  Really, really hate them.  So, if I am going to this mall (and actually looking forward to it), you know it's got some good stuff.   I have a routine.  Pull in, park behind the Marshall's, enter through the Gap and make my way to the following:  Ann Taylor, Ann Taylor Loft, Kate Spade.  Sometimes Banana Republic or even Brooks Brothers if I'm buying Mr. Jen something. That's it.  I don't waste my time at any other stores.  The deals aren't really deals anywhere else.  Take my advice on this as well - AVOID MARSHALL'S.  IT'S A TRAINWRECK OF CANADIANS AND DISORGANIZATION. So I buy myself a couple of things and head back out through the Gap (which sells crap, by the way) and drive on home. If you have a Triple A card, you can show it at the Customer Service desk (right by the Loft Outlet) and score an extra discount card.
I've been to this mall at least once a year for the past 17 years or so, and I've seen it undergo some changes, but the major transition has been it moving away from under the Prime outlets banner since 2006, and into it's own private 'institution'. I remember when they used to feature a large Club Monaco outlet back when their circular logo on sportswear was the thing to have in Toronto high schools. The Gap and Corningware outlets have been there forever, and I used to love buying shoes from a store that was once located adjacent to the Marshalls outside. Some of the new stores are a welcome addition to the mall, and my favourites include the Banana Republic outlet, and Adidas. I question the usefulness and profitability of nail salons which have been appearing (and consequently disappearing) around the mall. Clearly, the management have realized the predominent demographic of shoppers, most Canadian and more specifically, from Southern Ontario, so who would have the time to squeeze in a manicure or pedicure between a shopping day trip? I hope they also get around to upgrading their food court, as it's always been painfully unnappealing to the most starving of shoppers. I got food poisoning from eating here, twice.  Also, beware of the strange mouldy smell in J. Crew. To those not happy with Canadians at the mall -you're right, at least 70% of shoppers are Canadian but really, if you ask the new owners, we're extremely welcome. If the exchange rate goes up, or if Canadians stop coming to buffalo to shop, this outlet mall may face the same fate as The Summit, Rainbow Centre and Lockport Mall. I'm sure business owners in Buffalo are in love with Canadians when we come down to open our wallets.
Everything that you need is here for very fair prices.  I took away a star for the miserable parking situation, and one for the Canadian overload.
I've done my fair share of outlet mall shopping in the US.  With my aunt and cousin in town from Hong Kong, we took them cross-border shopping with a detour to the Falls for some sightseeing.   My advice first and foremost, is to download a BORDER WAIT TIMES app as when you are going outlet mall shopping - time is of the essence!  You don't want to get the leftover sizes once everyone else has pillaged through the inventory all because you got stuck at the border.  Do not EVER take Lewiston or you will be waiting in upwards of 90 minutes.  We crossed at Rainbow Bridge with about a 20 minute wait.  On the way back I also suggest you avoid Lewiston, as I find they nab you the most in taxes for shopping.  We crossed at the Peace Bridge, wait time again was about 20 minutes. I never used to bother going to Buffalo/Niagara Falls for outlet mall shopping because I found the deals and selection weren't all that great.  But it had been awhile so I decided to give it a go. This outlet is definitely inferior to the Premium Outlets which are bigger, have more retailers, and better brands... but it was worth the 2 hour drive. My favourite retailers included: BCBG Max Azria - One of the bigger ones I've seen in the U.S. - the test is whether or not you have the patience to scour through the racks and wait in line to try stuff on!  Also the first time where I saw 50% off at a BCBG.   Banana Republic - I thought the selection at this location was a bit scant compared to others I've been to. Juicy Couture - Additional 30% off the entire store.  Terry sets had a further reduction of 20% off.  Many colours to choose from.  However, Juicy's tops tend to fit smaller than the pants, and so in some styles sizes were limited.  I however got my entire set.  Phew! Nine West - Like most of the footwear vendors, they had a BOGO 50% off.  I went to the final clearance rack and got a pair of wood wedge pumps for $19.99 but when I rang out to be $15.  What a steal! Kate Spade - I love this brand.  They were having 30% off, but I didn't find the prices were that great.  They did have some nice stuff though. The food court as Roma M. mentioned is quite a filth.  But when its 3PM in the afternoon and you're dying to get food into your stomach - food poisoning be damned you're gonna eat.  For Asian taste buds there's Chinese and Japanese.  They also have Subway, a pizza and pasta place, and a pita/gyros place.  If you have a sweet tooth, there's Yogen Fruz, Ben & Jerry's and Auntie Anne's Pretzels.   Washrooms are located in the food court across from the Gap. I would probably come back again, but to find my true heart's desire I'd have to venture out to one of the Premium Outlets!
Straight to the point i know :) Likes: 1) Most of the stores are there 2) Awesome food in food court (gyro, pizza there are my favs) and healthy Yog icecreams or much tastier Ben n Jerry 3) great for winters as stores are inside the mall. 4) So close to Niagara falls and Canada 5) This one has Marshall's too. Wow one shop stop for great designers :) 6) Fan of Buffalo wings? The mall is just next to The famous Buffalo Wild wings. Grab n Go their stuff while driving back home as its usually packed full during weekends. Dislikes: 1) Not so outlet kind of cheap. I find it relatively expensive than other outlet malls like Woodbury mall etc. But still cheaper than Retails or online 2) Not much variety . Again when you compare. 3) Relatively smaller than other outlet malls in Ny or CT, PA 4) No starbucks , i know it doesn't count. But there is no Tim Ho too for their fans. Yes they have Dunkin Donuts in food court, weird ! My Fav stores with good deals: Kids: Gap clearance, Oshkosh 70 % off deals (wait for end of season), Children's place (retails do have same deals) , i have seen better children place in NJ outlet and NY southern outlet. Carters, i never find a "good deal" Women's clothing : Van huesen , Ann Taylor, Banana Republic (They have really updated their stuff),  Aeropostale (always great deals), Oldnavy, Gap outlet clearance/ sometimes new arrivals too. PS: Always keep track of season's end sale and your fav store about it. The hot stuff that you kept staring for 15 mts and secretly wished for its price to cut down by 90%,  will come back to you at the end of the season only to find that you didn't show up on a long awaited date!
Worth the drive, if you're Canadian. Of course it's crowded (what do you expect?) but some of the stores make it worth the trip. Lots of stores with good sales for casual clothes (i.e. PacSun). Most discounts at the designer stores are very good as well. (Coach & Michael Kors have especially good customer service!) Lots of restaurants around to make it an easy day trip as well. Food court is too small though, & the whole mall feels "older." Would certainly go again!
Every couple of months, I take a quick ride up to the NF Outlets.  Basically, for two reasons and two reasons only. One,  Off 5th.  I've found some sweet handbags, sunglasses and shoes.  Occasionally you can find some Theory suitwear for work. Two, um, hmmm, let's see. . .I hear they're opening a Banana Republic outlet.
Outlet malls are everywhere these days. This one is on the US side of the border with Canada, and there are many Canadians who come to shop here.  I would estimate 60% of the plates are Canadian ones in the lot here. Its a very large mall, and has a TON of stores, all of which have quickly revolving merchandise. This is not the best outlet mall I have ever been to, its not even the best in NY state IMHO, that would be Woodbury Commons with Prada and Gucci stores etc.  But, it is a nice mall, I find it clean, unlike some of the other reviews I have seen.   The layout is a little odd, some stores are "inside", others outside along the edges.  I'm not sure why that is, or even if it makes for a great shopping experience for all.  I personally don't have an issue with it.   I am not sure when this mall opened, but it has gone through some iterations since then.  There have been times when its been rocking and you can't get a spot to park, others when its been desolate.  The value of the Canadian dollar plays into this, but could simply be changing styles as well.  There have been some stores that have left here, others have come in, so it does continue to evolve.  I think it may be under new ownership in the past few years, but am not positive that's the case.   Overall, if you are in the area and looking for some "deals", willing to walk inside and out etc., this could be the place for you.  There are a number of coffee shops and food options as well.  We go on weekdays, and try to get there early in the day, so for us the crowds have not been a huge issue. I listed the stores below, easy reference if you need it.  Sometimes stores have changed locations here as well, so if its not where you expect it, it may not have closed but rather moved to another spot in the mall. bebe adidas outlet Aeropostale Aldo Shoes Ann Taylor Factory Store Applebee's Neighborhood Bar & Grill Auntie Anne's Pretzels Banana Republic Factory Store Banana Republic Factory Store Petites Bare Escentuals Barneys New York Bass Outlet Bath & Body Works BCBGMAXAZRIA Ben & Jerry's Brooks Brothers Factory Store Burberry Burlington Shoes Calvin Klein Carters Childrenswear Casual Male XL Cellairis   Charlotte Russe   Chicos Outlet   Cinnabon   Claire's Accessories Coach Factory Outlet Coach Men's Cole Haan Outlet Converse Corning Corelle Revere Factory Deb Shops Designer Fragrance & Cosmetics DKNY Dress Barn Dress Barn Woman Dunkin Donuts Ecko Unltd Eddie Bauer Outlet Envoy International (Exchange) Escada Company Store Famous Footwear Footlocker Fossil Company Store Fragrance Outlet Gap Outlet Gap/Baby Gap Outlet Gold n Diamonds Guess Accessories Guess Factory Store Gymboree Hanesbrands Factory Store   Heaven Essense Hugo Boss Factory Store IZOD J. Crew Johnston & Murphy Factory Outlet New York Journeys J's Imagination Juicy Couture Kasper Kate Spade Kay Jewelers Kirklands   La Rosa Pizza Le Creuset Levi Outlet   Lids   Lindt Chocolates Loft Outlet   Lotus Express Lovely Nails Lucky Brand Jeans Maidenform Outlet Store Marshall's Michael Kors Naturalizer Nautica Factory Store Nike Factory Store Nine West Outlet Oakley Vault Osh Kosh B Gosh Pac Sun Payless ShoeSource Piercing Pagoda Pita Gourmet Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Store Puma Rainbow Airbrush Reebok Rockport rue21 Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5th Outlet   Samsonite Company Store Shades   Signature Toys   Skechers   Smoke 51   Smokin Joes Trading Post ®   Solar X Eyewear   Solstice Sunglass Boutique Starbucks Coffee Company Stride Rite Keds Sperry Subway   Sunglass Hut International Outlet  298-4536   Teriyaki Delight The Children's Place Outlet The Uniform Outlet Tim Hortons   Tommy Hilfiger Company Store   Tumi  297-0632     U.S. Polo Assn.   Ultra Diamond Outlet UnderArmour Victorinox Swiss Army   Vitamin World Watch Station   Wilson Leather Outlet Yankee Candle Yogen Fruz Zumiez
Outlet malls are both the bane and blessing of my existence. This outlet mall falls more on the "bane" side of things. There seems to be a lot of oh la la brand names until you realize that 12 is not a whole lot compared to the mighty world of fashion. I see no reason to have an Old Navy in an outlet mall. This is a whole lot better than a few years ago, but it's still a drab place with drab looking stores and clothing. The deals are always pretty good - but the vast selection of things swings wildely as the wind changes. It's always hit or miss at these kinds of places, but it seems more in line with an older crowd (think retirement) than my crowd (not even close). The layout is confusing and it's not very wheelchair accessible. Cmon, the Cole Haan store had steps! People in wheelchairs like shoes, too. The food court is meh. The pitas are a score, always, but the rest of the food is like the rest of the mall - off brand pizza and asian cuisine that's not such a great deal. The bathrooms, however, were surprisingly clean and well decorated. Cheers.
What was I thinking going to the outlets two Saturdays before Christmas?! Several of the stores had a line waiting to go in the store, and I wasn't eager to wait in lines. While the deals might be decent, you may have to dig. Some of the stores are quite overstocked and disorganized. It's fine for a shopping trip, but I don't think you should expect some fantastic discounts, they just didn't seem too impressive.
I recently discovered the joy of the Ann Taylor Outlet Store. I've gone in a few times, and each time walked out with a handful of clothing. The store is brightly lit, as are the dressing rooms, which have plenty of space to hang your clothes. A day after my most recent shopping spree, I stopped into the Ann Taylor store at the Galleria. I was surprised to find that I prefer the outlet store. Aside from the lower prices, there is a much larger selection at the outlets. Just a word of warning: the loft outlet store is so dimly lit it's like a dungeon. The Ann Taylor outlet store provides a much better experience.
Factory Outlet Mall now calls Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls. I have to say that this outlet had improved so much through the years! Years ago, when it was called the Niagara Falls Factory Outlet they were selling cheaper, lower end goods...After they rebrand themselves into Fashion Outlets with the addition of Higher end stores like Coach, Juicy Couture and Off Saks and others.. I now hardly goes there anymore, it takes hours to go through the border post 911 era  both ways and if it is a day trip it really not worth my while!
the attitude of manager and sale persons in Kate Spade of Fashion outlet at Niagara Falls  is toooooooooo terrible, ignore my friends and Mine request . We will never ever consider this brand again in our life! @katespadeny @fashionoutlet
the attitude of manager and sale persons in Kate Spade of Fashion outlet at Niagara Falls  is toooooooooo terrible, ignore my friends and Mine request . We will never ever consider this brand again in our life! @katespadeny @fashionoutlet
The mall itself is oK, but the price isn't that cheap at all for some brands. The point is: the stuffs aren't as good as I expected. I only bought one Coach bag, and that's it... I wanted to find some clothes from Gymboree, but seems like they aren't really on sale at all. Good thing is: lower tax , and US dollars are cheaper than Canadians... so, it still worths to go there and check out some goodies (if you are lucky to find some..)
Once you dodge countless Canadians in the parking lots, you make your way to the door. The mall is nothing to look at, but also far from an eyesore. They've updated the directory with some new additions, which is good, I guess. One thing that can kill a mall for me is not a trait of the mall, nor is it an issue with the building itself. It's the PEOPLE THAT GO TO IT. This mall is swamped with older people and Canadians. If that doesn't bother you, then go right ahead. I go here when I'm bargain-hunting or looking for something simple.
2 stars for high price, especially for "Outlet" price. It seems the price tag are regular store price tag. I went to other outlets & they have better price, I'm guessing because this outlet targeting Canadian shoppers.
I can not believe what a bunch of negative reviews the Niagara Falls Outlet Mall has garnered, when this is clearly one of the far better outlet malls I have ever been to and certainly there is not a better one within at least 500 miles of here.  The only two better Outlet Malls I have ever visited were in Orlando, Florida, and just outside of Austin, Texas.  Since the American dollar has become uber-weak, and the Canadian dollar has skyrocketed, this mall has boomed, opening more and more stores every year.  Loving high-end luxury items as much as I do, there are a variety of stores that appease my inner fashion snob including Off Saks, Barneys, Hugo Boss, Burburry, and the always crowded Coach (the mens store has recently opened).  There was a year of my life (and I'm not ashamed to admit it) that I basically lived at Off Saks...though recently their inventory has been a bit lacking. (Bring back the high-end mens shoes...I know women buy more but we wear nice shoes too!!) There are even some great mid-end stores like Banana Republic, J. Crew, Brooks Brothers "346" (not the real Brooks Brothers...but its ok), Sir Tommy Bahama, and Tommy Hilfigur.   Finally with the newly enlarged Adidas Store, and newly added Under Armor store, there is really no reason to buy full-priced gym clothes anywhere else.   While it is true this place gets super crowded on the weekend, which is the reason the high-end stores continue to stay in the bleakly depressed Niagara Falls, if you go on a weekday you basically have the stores to yourself. Over the years I have caught some Amazing deals here like a $100 pair of Prada pants (retail $450), and all sorts of designer jeans (Rock and Republic, True Religion, Seven for all Mankind, etc.) for $100-$120 (retail $200-$250).  Of course you really have to dig to get some of the better products as they tend to be hidden in a lot of crap. For the most part, it is extremely difficult to buy high-end fashion items in Buffalo.  With only two stores in the area which cater to my tastes (Napoli and Tony Walkers) I love the fact that the Fashion Outlets are only a 20-minute drive away.  While there are many negatives to a weak American dollar (especially living on the border) it is nice to see that the Western New York businesses are thriving with Canadian traffic.  With that continued support maybe eventually we can get a Gucci, Etro or Neiman Marcus outlet store added...one can always dream!!   And by the way, when you are there do not forget to drive across the street to Viola Subs and order one of the greatest Steak and Cheese Subs you will ever eat.  You'll thank me later.
This mall isn't for people who live in the US. The parking lot is full of people bundling their children up in 7 sweaters, changing their clothes and discarding their old ones before they drive over, and leaving their trash in the lot. Hey, I don't judge what you do at customs, just don't leave a mess? As for the mall: the selection of stores is rather weak. There's a couple decent outlets like CK, gap, Banane Republic and an even bigger selection of "who?" stores. Hold your collective breaths world, there is a store in there that sells only Crocs. What is the world coming to? Average food court, always full. The mall's usually well kept on the inside, it's the parking lot that's a disaster. but really, don't come on the weekend or a holiday from our good neighbor up North. and if you are from the good neighbor up north, please be a good neighbor and throw your old adidas in the trash can.
I like Off Saks and the bookstore across from it. RE:  Canadian shoppers.  I was dismayed and embarassed by some of the above comments.  As a kid, growing up in Buffalo I always enjoyed visiting Canada.  So clean, so many lovely parks and the people were always friendly.  As an adult, travelling in Canada, I have always enjoyed meeting the people who are so friendly and welcoming. We in Buffalo appreciate the business you bring us, to our malls and sporting events, especially during this dark time in our economy.
Nice, Clean, Friendly staff and full of great stores. Over the past few years the owners have really made some nice improvements. It is a shame however the Canadian citizens come over the border to shop here and leave thier unwanted items (shoes) in the parking lot making the place look like a dump.
meh. many stores, even burberry, michael kors, coach, hugo boss outlets....but the prices - not really an outlet the 2 stars are pretty much for the fact that they have some special stores that other outlets dont have : footlocker outlet!
This outlet is one of the most tragic that I've ever been too. Hardly any parking but the big thing was the area was horrible to look at. I went in to shop and just like any outlet is was just a big mall because the prices are pretty much the same anywhere else. I was told by a few people I should go there as if it was the best place to shop ever. I would have done better just going to the Falls instead. I don't think I should listen to the people in buffalo anymore about where to go for anything else while I'm here.
This place was fine.  Not as good as the outlets on Long Island or in Woodbury or pretty much anywhere else, but it had all of the stores that boyfriend and I wanted to go to (with the exception of Victoria's Secret, boo).  Visited Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Gap, Banana Republic, and Levi's.  Gap was kind of a mess, but isn't that to be expected?  Gaps are always a mess... it's like people feel really at home when they're shopping at Gaps, and don't care if they leave things on the table or floor.  Other than that, we both got really good deals and walked out with a lot of clothing for cheap.
