My first visit to the Miami Beach Convention Center was prompted by Art Basel 2013. This large venue was perfect for the masses that attended the Art Basel event. The diversity of the galleries and the size of many of the displayed art work is a testament to how large and adaptive the convention center is. I can imagine it being the perfect blank slate for all types of events that require spacious yet intimate settings as well.
I've been to a number of events at the Miami Convention Center from several trade shows, Art Basel and the South Florida Auto Show and have generally been very pleased how they have handle things, the convenience of the parking and the availability of good surroundings. Unlike the nearby Fort Lauderdale Convention Center you don't have a security hassle having to show proof of your identity, drive through armed road blocks with security peeking in and about your car. Also, its massive size can handle jumbo size groups with ease and I've never found parking to be any more and most often less of a hassle than in other convention venues. The best part, however, about Miami Convention Center is that it is located in a relatively safe, pleasant area of town and has plenty of nearby, within walking distance, restaurants and shopping such as are located on Lincoln Road. So, I've added an extra fourth star not for the convention center itself, but for the good nearby areas and things that surround it and accordingly add to it.
I have been to many events here.  The size of this convention center is great for having such functions.  The ticket booth outside runs fast and smoothly.  Most of the people that work the booth do not have any Customer Service skills at all.  Next, keep the line moving I guess, LOL Going into any event or show the line goes quickly.  My most recent visit was for the home show.  This event deserves zero stars.  Not much to see, there was no enthusiasm at all.  There is only enough mattress's and shutters you can view in one place.  Years ago I went and it was amazing.  Sad not sure what happened but the type of vendors this year did not impress. Restrooms are easy to find, having vendors for food and drink make it nice as you are walking around.  I do think they have way to many lights in the convention center.  It is super bright.  The space is large for events. Parking normally is not much of a problem.
I've been to the Miami Beach Convention Center several times. This past week I attended the Americas Food and Beverage Show.  The show was held in Hall C.  There were more than 400 exhibitors.  The room was very large, and in spite of the number of exhibitors and people milling around, it didn't feel cramped.  Being that it was a food and beverage show there were hundreds of samples being given out.  The housekeeping staff did a remarkable job keeping the space clean.  They were a constant presence, picking up trash and emptying trash cans.  It was helpful that there were a large number of trash bins and separate recycle bins.  I am a strong advocate of recycling.  The restrooms were conveniently located, clean, and, at least when I was there, had plenty of soap and paper towels. When I walked into the convention center the first thing I noticed was how cool and comfortable it was compared to the heat and humidity outside.  The registration area was to my left.  Since I had preregistered  I was able to type my name into a computer and my badge was generated.  The badge was scanned by a guard before I could enter the area where the exhibits were.  The lighting was good and the noise level was okay.   The show hours were supposed to be 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM on both days.  On the second day I walked into the lobby at about 4:40 PM. When I tried to reenter the show I was stopped by security at the door.  I pointed out that the show was supposed to go on for another twenty minutes.  He said that he was only letting in people who had a red badge.  There was no other explanation. Parking in that area is always a problem.  They had valet parking and there was a lot across the street.   I think the lot was $15. I don't know how much the valet parking was.   There was a snack bar in the convention area.  Since so much food was being given away at the show I was surprised that anyone bought food.
Great BIG venue for home shows, beauty shows and the like.  I was recently there for  the "Oribe Backstage" Hair Modeling Show which I was a part of.  THe one criticism I have is that waiting to be served our lunch took forever and it was not done in a timely manner! The models were starving and we were being rushed to get back to the show.  The food servers were very slow and they ran out of a few things. There is parking at the 17th street garage for about $1/hour.
I love that we have a convention center here in South Beach, but bring your own lunch!!  The concessions are expensive and just plain awful. Its great space and a fabulous variety of shows, but they are going to make $$$$ off you any way they can :(
I've attended a few conventions and trade shows of different sizes here.  For the most part it's an average (good) convention center.  One cool feature is that, if you enter at the rear of the building and need to get to the front for check-in or to enter a particular event, you get from one end of the building to the other via an overhead glass-walled walkway that allows you to look down on the convention center floor and see the show from above. While there are refreshment areas with standard convention fare available here at the hall, Lincoln Road with lots of restaurant options is only a few blocks away and easily within walking distance which is definitely a bonus. The low point of attending conventions here over the past few years has been the parking, or incredible lack of it.   During the last few trade shows I've attended here, I drove around for at least 30 minutes trying to find parking and ended up hiking a very long distance, which is never fun in the heat and humidity of Miami Beach while wearing business attire.  That being said, it appears that a new parking garage is being constructed nearby.
I've come here from everything for picking up marathon race packs, a work related technical fair a few years back, wine fairs and most recently Exxxotica. From an aesthetic perspective, the convention center does it's job. It's essentially a big box building with large open spaces and very brightly lit (more on this later). They get points for being one of the few Miami Beach spots with plentiful parking. I haven't tried the food there either for the race packet pickup or Exxxotica so I can't comment on it. Temperature has been OK, and the people manning the ticket booths were functionally pleasant. At least they smiled and said to "enjoy the show". Since my most recent visit was Exxxotica, I'll make a few comments on that: 1. Regarding my earlier comment about the lighting, it was a tad too well lit for being an adult industry event. I would have expected some more subtle lighting. 2. Audio / aucostics were pretty good, where we could hear the music from one stage clear the other end yet it didn't overlap with any of the other seminars, nor prevent us from hearing the sales pitches. 3. The couple of performances seen were pretty tame, I guess along the lines of an R rated film. 4. My friend and I were not harassed by any religious pamphleteers outside as I heard happened at this event in years past. Still, MBCC is an adequate spacious locale for your convention. If they do a few updates on the look and lighting of the place it could go higher than 3 stars. See you at the next event!
Big in size, convenient in location, and host to excellent shows - the MB Convention Center is really the hubbub of special activities in Miami Beach such as Art Basel, Auto Show, Boat Show, and other highly-regarded expos. There's also easy shuttle drop-off points from mainland Miami.
Every time I visit the convention center it is because something good is happening in Miami. Whether it is picking up the packet for the Miami Marathon at the Expo with great anticipation of the huge day to come, or visiting the Car Show or the Boat show, or Art Basel this place is at the center of what's happening in Miami Beach. Good location, excellent facilities, ample parking and more, The Miami  Beach Convention Center is good for the city and the city is good for the convention center.
Miami Beach has a great convention center. Note:  You are in a beach town so you will pay to park!!  Though Miami Beach Convention Center has numerous events I have only been for Art Basel.  Parking during Basel runs $20. The convention center is located in an area of a box so parking is scattered all around.  There is a parking garage directly across and parking lots scattered around. There is a mall area near-by and the famous Lincoln road within walking distance so this means you have tons of shopping and food places once you are done at the convention center. The convention center is MASSIVE.  Be prepared to walk.  They do have food places set up permanently but depending on your event they may have their own food vendors.  Art Basel has their own food vendors. The style and colors of the convention center are very South Florida.
I came here with my sister for a spa convention.  We parked in the garage, which is about a two-minute walk to the convention center.  As we went inside, there was a huge line just to get in the show. The set up of this location is definitely perfect for any trade show.  Overall, this place was great. If you are here and you get hungry, I would recommend finding an outside location for something to eat.  The food is extremely over priced.  I am not sure if the food was contracted specifically for the show or this was part of the convention center.  Since this is located in Miami Beach, find some awesome restaurant around before spending the day here.
I came here for the first time several months ago to spend a couple hours at the Miami International Auto Show. The center itself is huge, and I felt reasonably comfortable within the crowd, so having a lot of space for attendees is a plus. There was plenty of space to walk around and the displays were well organized for the most part. I didn't buy any snacks from the concessions, but they seemed overpriced (no surprise). Parking was very expensive.
I've been to the Boat Show, Car Show and a number of Tech events here. There are two main exhibit halls here, for larger events, the Exhibit Hall entrance is on Meridian and for smaller events the other Exhibit Hall entrance is on Washington. If you pick the wrong entrance, you can walk through the Convention Center, but plan to get some exercise as it's a long walk. For parking, I would recommend the City of Miami covered garage with its main entrance off Meridian. They usually have a flat fee for larger events and you can dine or shop on Lincoln Road afterwards. Your car is also covered in case it rains. Make sure you remember exactly where you parked as it might be problematic finding your car after a few drinks on Lincoln Road.
I have been here for things from picking up race packages for Marathons, boat shows, car shows, jewelry shows and recently Art Basel. The venue is perfectly located for all, there is only one thing I must say I don't love is that the parking is not great, and when things are busy traffic is absolutely wretched. The proximity of the venue to Lincoln Road is perfect to have pre or post event dinner and/or drinks.
Pretty much your average, run-of-the-mill convention center.  The Miami Beach Convention center has a nice location, in that it is only about two blocks from Lincoln road, rather then being stuck out somewhere with a few large hotels, a Dennys, and a McDonalds. Went here for the Miami International Wine Fair, which was a massive wine-tasting of over 1200 wines.  The vast majority of the wines were from Spain and South America.  I found it strange that there was very little Italian and almost no French wine at the event, not to mention absolutely zero showing from Eastern Europe or Russia.  Still, the three hours of wandering and tasting wine went quickly and was great fun with a number of informative wine reps.
I came here to attend the 2013 ING Miami Half & Marathon Expo. It's a pretty good space, and the proximity to all the South Beach sites couldn't be beat. Unfortunately, if you're staying in Downtown Miami, it's quite a distance. This wasn't a problem for me since there were complimentary shuttles leaving from downtown, but keep it in mind if you're in town for sometime else that doesn't offer shuttles. The red carpet leading me into the expo was definitely a nice touch. : D
I come here a couple times a year for diffrent events, and I really enjoy the lay out and the organization.  Even when it is crowded, the place has a nice flow through the displays, and the booths are well marked. There is a large parking area, but the central location makes it an easy walk from mid beach as well as south beach.   The ING expo is amazing, and I reallty like that so many of the local shops are included in the booths.  Both sports wear and medical.
WHAT The 38th annual South Florida International Auto Show   WHERE Miami Beach Convention Center, 1901 Convention Center Drive Miami Beach, Florida 33140   WHEN Friday, November 7 through Sunday, November 16 HOURS If you have a chance to go this weekend it might be packed but you can test drive cars on Saturday and the dealers give you a gift.  Last year they gave out $25.00 gift cards.  It was nice and I also got to test drive a Lincoln Navigator, Saturn Sky, and a H2 Hummer.   ADMISSION Adults: $10.00 Children 6-12: $3.00   DISCOUNTS Available at participating new car dealerships, McDonald's restaurants.
**Miami Takeover 2012 -- Caught Red Handed On South Beach Comedy Show & Listening Party** VERY nice venue. A good "welcome center"/meeting place for us out-of-towners looking to get familiar with South Beach and the surrounding areas. Comedy Show: HILARIOUS! ...and we're still laughing at the jokes that were made. Get Red Grant and Joe Clair in a room and there's bound to be trouble, laughter and some more of both. New-to-me funny gal Comedian Joncea was a riot her damnself. Would love to see her again soon. Listening Party: Featured DC's own soul/garage band Black Alley. The sound was a little off, but not enough to ruin a perfectly good time.
It's not bad for a convention center.  I love the proximity to Lincoln Road.  If you're here for a show or conference, you can escape if you desire! I come here every year for the marathon expo and I can definitely see improvements over the past few years.  It's a pretty decent size for a convention center but not as big as some places I've been.  It's clean inside and there have been attendants in the bathroom keeping things clean (and spraying air freshener) the past couple of times I've been there. Let me tell you what, if I had a chance to come to a show in Miami Beach, I wouldn't complain.  Parking can be a pain but parking is a pain everywhere in South Beach!
Pretty easy to get around, we were there for a conference taking place in Hall B. The only major complaint is that the rooms were FREEZING, probably 50 degrees. I was literally shivering. I'm normally cold-blooded anyway, but that was just ridiculous. The bathrooms were clean and the staff was friendly overall. There is a breakfast stand on Hall C, but it's not always open so don't count on getting food there unless you know the event you are going to will be providing it.
I've been here a couple of times and each time has been great. I love the easy parking right across the street or you can park at the garage just a 2 minute walk away. I feel safe when coming here unlike some other convention centers that are sometimes in shady areas. The convention center is not the biggest one I've been too, but it does the job. I also like the proximity to Lincoln Road which has lots of dining options.
Decent place for events. Well lit and temperature set at comfortable level. Parking in the garage across the street is great and not too expensive. Actually, not at all. We usually walk over to Lincoln Rd after the Convention Center. If you're working the convention, at least you have tons of meal options within walking distance.
Most convention centers suck but this one was good. The rooms and lighting were comfortable - sometimes the lighting in convention centers gives me a raging headache. The bathrooms were clean and spacious, and there were plenty of them.  I'm pretty sure I only had to stand in line once or twice between sessions.  My biggest complaint was the outrageous prices for bad food and coffee. $5 for a way too sweet latte and $6 for a small fruit salad seemed incredibly ridiculous.  Luckily, the convention center is located near shopping and restaurants down on Lincoln which is only a 5 minute walk away.
Nice
$4.00 for a can of soda from a vending machine?  Really?
I've walked by this place a million times & finally have paid the inside a visit. I think its a pretty run of the mill convention center. The only thing that bugs me is that with the 9 million entrance doors if you pick the wrong one you could be lost for sometime. Additionally, if you go in on the wrong side of the building you can't get from ones side to the other without going up and down multiple escalators, kind of odd. I think the convention center should let people hosting events know to mark the wrong side as well for their lost patrons so they can get to the other side.
I've been here a few times for different conventions, and have always been pleased with my experience here. It's got a great location, is ample, and have never been caught running around looking for a restroom. There are always lots of taxis outside (a few years ago that came in very handy as I was 9 months preggers and at Art Basel in HEELS!!!)... What is always a trap for me is the parking garage down the street off 18th (18th?) You know - the same street as Macy's. That place is a nightmare to get out of. If you are coming here, don't park there. There are only two ticket windows to get you out, but plus that - there is also a stop light right at the exit!! Who designed this thing?? Anyway, I digress, all in all I think MBCC is a great place and so nice b/c you can always walk over to Lincoln Road to grab some lunch afterwards. :)
I visit the convention center for most major shows.  If you're coming in from out of town it's very close to Lincoln Road so you can always squeeze in a little shopping and dining after you're done with business.  The bathrooms are always really clean, which is a plus! I also recommend wearing comfortable shoes because this place is huge! Overall it's a perfect space for conventions, at a great location and it's great for the City!
Saw Phoenix here. Amazing!! It was general admission so we got there a little early. Didn't even need to be there that early to get a good spot to stand on the ground floor. I can't wait to see another concert here.
Conventioneers, athletic or otherwise will find this a pleasant venue - surrounding streets are safe except for the canal walk which is pretty but swarming with mosquitos.  Also, beware of the cab drivers who whip out their cell phones, drive 5 mph towards a green light, and purposefully take you to the doors which are not open.  Lovely air conditioning rendered crossing the humid street to the Botanical Garden and Holocaust Memorial unfeasible.  It's a good thing that the food is horribly overpriced; you're sure to make a delicious discovery directly south.
The only thing different about this convention center compared to all the other ones across the country, is that's its in Miami Beach. And I was there for all the festivities leading up to the Miami Marathon. Filled with a mix of Miami locals dressed in neon spandex to out-of-towners wearing fanny packs. This made for some awesome people watching.
Great location. Close to great restaurants. Very large center. Not much else to talk about on this one. Hard to catch a cab if you're on the wrong side of the convention center. One thing.. BRING A SWEATER OR WRAP. The a/c in that joint is waaaaaaaay over the top.
Jewelry International Show Today!!! :)
I've gone here for a few conventions. The facility is nice but the parking is a rip off. $15?? Come on!!
Great place to hold a convention and less than five minutes away from Lincoln road &  the ocean on ocean drive and collins avenue
went there for the exxxotica convention my second in a row. the fee to get in  was alot higher than last year.i have been there several times for the car show and i was not impressed how it was laid out.....
I've been coming to the Miami Beach Convention since I can remember, but no event comes close to excitement as the annual  boat show. Every year it just keeps improving and becoming better. This year it took three locations (the convention center,isles marina and bayside). Nothing like walking calmly through the halls and the silence it's broken by horns of great boats who indicate that one new happy person has become a new boat owner. They have all you can imagine. Everyone seems to be super relaxed and the vendors are not pushy specially knowing that you are going with the intention of making a purchase. This year they added a water taxi from bayside marina to isles marina which it's nice and shuttles running every ten minutes to the convention center. Advise: bring something to sneak on or just wait until you get to bayside and lunch of dine in one of the many restaurants available. The food in the convention center is ridiculous in price and poor in quality. A Venezuelan arepa with mozzarella cheese was 8 dollars......laughable, a small bottle of Perrier 5 dollars and a hot dog 10 bucks. The bathrooms here were exceptionally clean, and the event all together was very well arranged and exceeded my expectations.
Huge convention center with indoor and outdoor exhibit areas. The layout can be confusing. I've been here for the boat show as well as food and wine fest events. The public garage across the street on 17th Street is convenient and cheap but you need to get there early to get a spot. The indoor halls are ridiculously chilled, so even if it's hotter than hell outside you might want to bring a cardi. Bathrooms are clean (important) but the food options are more than crappy. You basically have a choice of soggy potato chips, hot dogs or bad pizza. Yuck! You'd think with all the food vendors in Miami, they could do a little better than that. Gross, I'd rather fast. Tough to review in general, with so many different events going on here. Must agree with Hilda H. One of the best events here is probably the annual boat show.
*This review is more focused on Centerplate, the official caterers at the Miami Beach Convention Centre. I have never worked with a more unprofessional organisation, nor paid as much money.  I recently worked with a delegation of companies to host a post-event networking reception for around 130 guests.   Unfortunately, when using the Convention Centre, you MUST use Centerplate.  Thereby, Centerplate is a monopoly and can charge what they please.  We had bottles of liquor graciously donated by a sponsor; well Centerplate slapped a $35 corkage fee per bottle.  100 mini cupcakes that could have been made by Publix? $500.  If you wanted to bring any external product, you are sure be to charged dearly. Apart from the exorbitant prices, the staff lacks transparency and professionalism.  The main sales associate and our point of contact has yet to ONCE answer any of his three extensions (office, direct, mobile) when called.  Nor does he bother to call you back.  Working with Centerplate requires all the effort on your part to get everything done.   Finally, the day before the event, we had a tasting with the executive chef.  Again, our sales associate was distant and less than helpful, and did not properly organise the tasting.  The following day for the event, our suggestions were not headed following the tasting.   In summary, Centerplate is a monopoly and can charge and do what they please, because there is NO other option.  Service and professionalism are left at the door, and you are left chasing every detail. If you want to throw an event at the Convention Centre, do yourself a favour a go one of the SEVERAL bars or lounges in South Beach where service and professionalism are upheld.
Extreme lack of parking. Supercon was here this weekend and there was absolutely no parking.  Zero parking.  All the lots were full and ever the garage lots were full. No parking. No parking. No parking. No parking.
