This place is so amazing there are no words! The films are extraordinary and the staff is so incredibly knowledgeable.  They will fill you in before or after their films on little tidbits that make the viewing experience all the more enjoyable.   Their concession stand is so damn cheap. A bottle of water will cost you $1. Yes, un peso mi amigo - Unlike the the armed Highway robbery of the major movie theatre chains. Once they start serving wine, they will be the epitome of perfection!
This is my favorite movie theater in all of Miami!! I get Oscar quality films year round for less than $10 a ticket. If you enjoy a good foreign or independent film, this is your place to go. Enjoy a nice pre-film drinks at Ball &  Chain or CubaOcho Bar.. Have a nice dinner at Catharsis afterwards... Free parking next to the theater. Relatively safe area.. A bit dirty, but somewhat normal for Calle Ocho. Must go. They just recently renovated the place. Good picture quality and the audio is great. Clean bathrooms. And the concession stand is very very affordable. 5 minutes away from my home is also a plus!!
Sorry to start off with a cliche, but *Do not judge this book by its coveR*. Despite the crappy marquee, the beat up paint job on the facade, the lack of LCD screens with the showtimes and the somewhat questionable location, Tower Theater is one of the best movie theaters in Miami. Once you purchase your tickets at the ticket booth, not box office, and you leave behind the Caribbean rhythms playing by street bands and performers that populate Eight Street, you enter a calm oasis of white walls and vintage posters once used to promote film classics. The theater must have been remodeled very recently because everything looks brand new, starting with the rugs. The setup is very simple. Before you enter the cinemas, there is a very small concession stand catering to candy addicts, with chocolates and candy galore. Coffee is sold from a very modern looking coffee contraption, as well as popcorn, and canned sodas. They have your health in mind, clearly. There are two screening rooms at this theater, one that is very large, sits around 251 people, is handicap enabled, has very good sound system, and has a very large screen, just like any other movie theater in Miami. The seats are regular theater seats but don't recline, they are comfortable and clean and have cupholders. The second room is a smaller room, sits around 101 people, also handicap friendly but has a smaller screen. The seating is the same. Restrooms are located upstairs, clean and newly furnished as well. But that is just the preamble of what Tower Theater is. At this theater you will catch up on many foreign films from real indie film houses, not those owned by Sony or Columbia, movies that are too shocking to be shown at regular theaters, movies that may be too boring for an average audience, and revived classics that movie buffs longed to see on a silver screen rather than a TV screen because size matters. Also, Tower Theater participates in film festivals. That allows this theater a flow of movies and documentaries that are not available anywhere else in the area, let alone the whole country. And if that was not enough, this movie house offers a membership deal that will save you 40% off your ticket price, regardless of the time of the showing. Currently, that puts ticket prices at $6 for adults, the cheapest entertainment anywhere in the city. And what do you get in return: exclusivity, education, enlightenment, and satisfaction. So come to Tower Theaters. The staff is very friendly, you will not feel robbed at the concessions, the rooms are nice and clean, and you will help support not only a very nice theater but also independent film makers, actors and artists, and above all, the Arts in South Florida.
I had never been to the Tower Theater, and I'm glad my husband suggested we check it out. It reminded me a lot of the Angelika in New York, and the movie we watched was great, which obviously has nothing to do with the actual theater, but that always enhances the experience. I had some trouble getting tickets online, they don't take American Express and then I tried with my other card, and it said it wasn't connecting (or maybe I didn't have the funds, I don't know ;)  Anyway, I called the lady to ask what I should do and she said I should be fine just getting the tickets before the show. It was like talking to a Cuban grandmother on the phone, where she tells you everything will work itself out. Sure enough it did, we got there about 20 minutes before the movie, found parking right in front, there was a small line outside, but they only open 30 minutes before the movie so this is why. The crowd was pretty much a ton of older women with circle hair and their iphones, it was cute. Expect some talking during your film, depending on what kind of film it will vary. We were watching one about Cuba, so there was a lot of commentary. The theater was much bigger than what I was expecting, I love that it lets you out next to the domino park, and across from Azucar, the ice cream shop. The whole experience is very unique to Miami. We will definitely be back.
A tiny 1926 Art Deco gem in the middle of the Arts District of historic Little Havana neighborhood.  2 screens showing Great Foreign (mostly South American) films.  If you're trying to catch that current Foreign Oscar nod., try Tower Theater. I've driven by the place a few times and finally got the check it a few years back for the screening of "White Elephant" - What is There to Save?  A film about the forgotten Miami/ Bobby Maduro Stadium (demolished 2001).  It was located just west of I-95 in Allapattah (2301 NW 10th Ave). The stadium had one of the sickest Cantilevers circa 1949.  It's history not only includes South Florida's first Minor League teams but was also the Spring home to the Baltimore Orioles (30+ years). Cuban revolution (yes, you read me right), and Civil Rights unrest. The Point is,... Tower Theater gave me the opportunity to catch this documentary on Miami history.  Helping me to recognize, grasp & truly begin to understand a little more about this city.  My city.  My home. Tickets are $6.00,. $5 if w/ student ID.   Best deal is to get the 5 for $20 special.  5 single entries to future showings.  They hole punch your  purchase receipt so do not throw away. Parking always free in back and street after 1800.
What a gem. I have lived in Miami most of my life and have driven by this theater numerous times but never came to see a movie here, until tonight. The classic entrance of this theater with one ticket both makes you feel that you were transported to the 1940s.   The theater is nice and clean. The concessions are super cheap! $1 for a can of soda. $2.50 for pop-corn. $1-$2 for candy.  They don't have much more than those basics but it is refreshing to pay normal prices for a change. The seats are typical classic movie theater seats. It's not stadium seating. Although the screen is high (at least in theater 2) so you need to look slightly up to watch the movie.   There aren't many seats in the room, which gives it a cozy "watching a movie with friends" feeling. The theater is in a nice area of 8th street and is walking distance from several restaurants, art galleries, and an ice cream shop.   They are owned by Miami-Dade College and mostly play Indie films, so you won't catch a summer blockbuster here. I will definitely come here again to watch another flick.
This small theater packs a powerful punch for Miami's cultural scene. It is now run by Miami Dade College and offers daily programming there is a strong line-up of international and independent films. What's even better is that you won't have to fight for parking and that it's affordable. It is surrounded by its Little Havana neighborhood and you can expect to find small restaurants where you can enjoy dinner or drinks. The seats are comfortable and the place is small but even when it's packed it doesn't feel overwhelming. I've been to events here before and I know the lobby can quickly fill up.
I tried out this theater tonight thanks to the suggestion of yelp (love you guys!). I am so, so, so glad I did. I am a history nerd and I love going to places that have a lot of history and Tower Theater is right up my alley! It's a beautiful theater which opened in 1926 right on "Calle Ocho". As I sat in the theater I kept imagining all the hundreds of people that have sat in that exact seat throughout the years. It made me smile (nerd, I told you). They play Spanish language films as well as English language ones (some subtitled in Spanish). I will definitely be making many visits to Tower theater. It's not packed, it isn't filled with rude, noisy people and great movies for $6.00 - it just can't be beat!
Top Five Reasons why Tower Theater rules: 1) They are different , indie films which exude quality instead of the Hollywood cookie-cutter cheap stupid films. 2)Little Havana, center of historic area...need I say more? Oh yea,a nd the domino tables add to the appeal. 3) Cheapest snacks by far!..dollar sodas and dollar candies (approx.) The end of the days of paying 25 dollars at a theater to eat popcorn and drink soda. 4)They show artsy fartsy films which arent usually played elsewhere so you will have an opportunity to see some really good flicks and last but not least 5) The little restaurants and stores all around thearea are so perfectly intertwined that it create the beginning for a really good night. You can eat at the susi bar next door, or opt for ice cream down the street, etc. Your in the center of it all..and it is just the perfect place to watch a movie and perouse around.
This movie theater just made Miami that much more bearable, strike that - enjoyable. Art house cinema selections, $5 tickets and $1 waters/$2 candies. And all of that in a 1926 historic movie house. Is this heaven?
First off: Go MDC! Ok... just needed to get my alumni pride out in the open. I went to this theater for the first time during the Miami Short Film Festival. I really enjoy the vibe. It was built in the 20s. Since it's located in the historic Calle Ocho in Little Havana, it was very popular in the 60s among recent Cuban immigrants who were introduced to American entertainment. It closed down in the 80s and MDC took management and reopened it in 2002. Enough with the history lesson. I just wanted to paint a picture for it's retro feel. The theater is not too big but it offers an escape from our mega mainstream cinemas. I'm always seeking Miami's gems and this is definitely one of them. I look forward to another visit so that I can catch some indie films for a great price...about $6!!
This is the cat's pajamas of movies in the 305. Straight in the middle of calle ocho, you could totally never pay attention to this place. I didn't until I randomly noticed a film was listed there. The place is run by MDC, so publicly run non-profit theater. Tickets are 6$, 5$ with discounts for select people, and beverages/candy/popcorn super super cheap. Like you 6 it's the 1980s cheap. 1$, 2$. My goodness I didn't realize this existed in Miami (outside of non-miami enclaves like the beach ;) The theater consistently shows foreign and homegrown independent films. The selection changes rapidly, so check their website frequently. Local film festivals are also hosted here. It's a great small theater with 50s architecture. Nothing flashy, but that's what's so great.
Sometimes they show foreign or arthouse movies that the other art cinemas in Miami aren't showing. The seats are fairly comfortable, the tickets are fairly cheap. My one complaint: There are no signs asking the audience to please be quiet and avoid texting and talking on their cell phones, nor do they run a short little reminder to shut up and silence your cell phones! Not that this is going to completely shame people into being polite, but it might help?? And since MDC owns the theater, maybe they can rope some graphic design students into designing a little something for free? It's just kind of obnoxious to listen to people's cell phones go off or have your eye drawn away from the theater to someone's super bright blackberry that remains on and BRIGHT throughout the entire picture so they can text at will. Come on. Two hours without texting will kill you? I lied: I have another complaint. Why sell concessions in glass bottles if you don't recycle? That's just irresponsible.
I love this little gem! Believe it or not you are able to find free parking around so you get to your movie without the anxiety of the parking/possible ticket. The atmosphere is always cool, people that want to experiment a different kind of movies, beside other activities that take place there ( I went to a presentation of a book and it was really amazing) The prices are fairly affordable and the quality of the movies outstanding. I recommend The Tower and all the amenities that surround it, excellent Cuban coffee, nice restaurants and a very relax environment.
This is by far the best arthouse theater in Miami. Amazing programming, friendly staff and no pretension. The concession stand is ok and kind of retro for theater fair but I still love it. If you want a beer, you can just grab one from the cafe next door and bring it with you to the theater.
Didn't even know it existed. I like this place very much. The surrounding are typical Cuban places, lovely small inexpensive cafes and small-fare restaurants. This is a great asset for Miami. Some culture in an unexpected place. Good movies; some international. Some fresh air finally. Keep up.
Loved it! From purchasing the tickets in an old school ticket booth outside to walking into a lobby full of Fellini posters.  Fresh popcorn and orangina for a reasonable price as was the ticket.  The staff was enthusiastic and the crowd was quiet.  My chair did not swivel back but thats okay.  I got to see a great French film which was only showing there!!!!  I will return many times to see the art house films here.  So glad to see places like this exist in Miami and in association with Miami Dade College.
I love this theater. I do have a soft spot for foreign and independent movies...  Plus, I love that it is a very different crowd than going to Sunset Place with a bunch of texting, giggling, pre-teens.
The Tower Theater is a historical movie theater which offers a great selection of various international films which are shown several times during any particular week.  It is operated by Miami-Dade College and is located within the heart of Little Havana.   The ticket prices are pretty cheap, approximately $8.00.  Note:  There is a parking lot in the back of the theater, so save your quarters!   Some of the theater rooms are smaller than others.   Minor flaws:   The concession stand is extremely limited and the seats and movie screens are old school, but are somewhat charming at the same time.
I am agree with all comments: it is a gem.
There's a reason why we give 5 stars to the Tower Theater and it's because even though it's a small theater it showcases the best of international films. It gives us (Miami) the opportunity to be up to date with foreign films and we're thankful for it. The ticket price is not as expensive as in a commercial movie theater and for the people that speak other languages like us (spanish) they have some special screenings with spanish subtitles. For many many reason Tower Theater rocks! This movie theater is one of our favorites at clapclapmiami.com for when we have to recommend a place to go.
Where else can you go and watch international films with popcorn and soda all for less than $20?  This is a no brainer awesome way to spend a date night and save some cash.
