Sick and tired of the megaplexes? Looking for an alternative? Searching for that hard to find film that seems not to be playing at the big boys because they are stocked with the Hollywood tentpoles. THen you are in lunck! This place is great! Friendly! and educatoinal! YEs films can be educational. I finally made it down here to watch Snowpiercer last week because it was not going to be playing at any other theatre in South Florida. It is a cute little indie art house cinema house that also has some really cool Miami movie memoriablia  around the place so you can browse before the show. Seating is vey comfy and they have a small assortment of snacks and drinks. I really enojoyed my experience watching Snowpiercer and the cool thing is they usually have something special going on for each month spotlighting a director, genre etc. This month they are featuring Bong Joon Ho's films every Thursday at 7pm. Verdict - A great change for all you movie goers when you want to see soemthing different and experience a nice intimate movie going experience. It's great support the local business and keep it here so we can be previlged to recieve these indie/rare special films out there.
This is the place to go if you are tired of Hollywood movies, great little theater to watch real movies!
A little gem on South Beach, the Miami Beach Cinematheque & Gallery is the perfect location to catch that foreign or independent film you've been dying to see! Instantly you're greeted by a welcoming staff member. As you purchase your ticket, you also have the option of buying concession snacks. From chocolates to Nepresso, you can pretty much satisfy your sweet tooth here. The building is pretty cool.  You can walk around and check out some books or photography they have before your movie begins. Seating is intimate and limited. Anywhere from 30 to maybe 50 seats. Not your typical theater which makes it appealing and carry a charm of its own. I definitely see myself coming back again in the near future!
Quaint yet extremely artsy cinema.  Not your typical movie theater, which makes it that much more appealing.  Recently rated best art cinema cafe.  Great photographs and art work displayed. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Looking forward to an Italian movie this Saturday and the reception at the Dream hotel.
I love independent movie houses and this place is literally 4 blocks away from my house. So this is obviously a marriage made in heaven! I went this past weekend to See Ryan Gosling's film, "Only God Forgives". I have been to the MB Cinematique one time before that and every time I go I ask myself why I don't come here more often. The space is really cool, they usually have an exhibit around the seating area, and the concession stand has some high-end snacks and Nespresso, so I'm basically sold there. The seating is intimate which is usually fine but this film really brought people out. It was jam-packed. My only complaint is that the seating isn't sloped enough so sometimes, as was the case when I went there this weekend, if someone sits in front of you with a hat or if they are tall, they will block parts of the screen. All this aside though it's a great venue and I'm seriously considering becoming a member. I did notice that they have a cafe that they set up outside facing the police station, but they did not have this set up saturday night when I went. I don't know if they did that because there was another showing shortly thereafter but it would have been nice to have the cafe open outside to discuss the movie with my friend.
What an absolutely beautiful theater.  It is very creatively decorated and the seats are very comfortable.  It has a very friendly local feel.  My friend actually lost her wallet here when we were watching a film - it fell out of her purse.  We went back the next night and they had the wallet waiting for her, all cards and cash were in tact.
So I joined as a member last week, and saw a movie that was boo'ed at Cannes with Ryan Gosling.  It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen and am now concerned that this could be a place of the box office bombs.  I felt like more of a science experiment of seeing if I/who would sit through it - rather than really any enjoyment or entertainment factor/value for the viewer.   I say this because someone introduced the movie (as usual), but he actually told the female audience how to watch the movie.  Seriously.  He told us to do as the movie says and to "close our eyes" (this was during the gory bloody human torture scenes).  I wish I would have saved my $$$ and kept my eyes closed to the entire thing!  Yuck!! I do enjoy non-mainstream movies - as in "good quality" movies.  The movies coming up look decent - here's to hoping it gets much MUCH better!
It's totally like when you watch a movie at home, except for the fact that you pay $10 for it. And then there's the knowledgeable host whom provides historical and biographic context and anecdotes prior to the viewing. And the plethora of high end chocolates, cookies, and treats.   And the espresso machine and top shelf syrups. And the neat memorabilia. And the drag queens, hipsters, wanderers, cinephiles, and ordinary folk who also love indie, classic, and small release films. But, other than that, it's totally like watching a movie at home.
Say you've gone on a few dates with someone slightly special and you're looking to take'm somewhere they never knew existed. Or maybe your love life has grown a little stale and you're looking to spend some alone time (-actual- alone time) away from your nagging significant other. Or maybe you're even looking for the chance to lock eyes with that sensitive indie-heart that just-gets-it! Miami Beach Cinematheque is ideal. Aside from their lack of liquor offerings, there just isn't anything less than stellar about this establishment. Sitting in the theater for a fiiiiilm, as they say, feels reminiscent of all those afternoons spent in your billionaire great-grandfather's creaky but splendid and gorgeously appointed salon. With dark wood and topless shelves of books, this grand (but petite, because it is modest) the-A-ter, hits the spot when it comes to limited release and indie flicks. Skip Mansion and drag your stilettos to MBC!
Often in Miami people and I amongst them complain about the lack of indie films in town and yet I'd never been to MBC (Miami Beach Cinematheque). And so I'm sending my apologies to anyone who ever heard my complain, to the universe for complaining, and to MBC for not recognizing all you do. I went to go see an indie flick there. I fell for its name first, just fyi it's In Search of a Midnight Kiss. (yelp.com/events/miami-be…) and so I looked up a time and date and headed over there. As soon as I started walking down Española way I knew I was in for something different from the norm. I noticed the chalkboard with the scheduled movies and stepped inside. I was greeted by the concession stand complete with espressos, Toblerone bars, and vegan cookies. I was told this isn't their usual all out spread and quickly made a mental note to come back during the snack extravaganza that must be their norm. I'd heard from a few people about this place having uncomfortable seats but I thought the seating was fitting, that is to say charming and simple. The majority of the seats are director's chairs and I believe there is a loungey looking seat for two in the middle. So there I am with my vegan cookie sitting in the director's chair and listening to the film's intro and some background info. And then the film begins and its HD and the sound is good. Of course i had a great view but then again it was a Monday night so it wasn't packed. The best part of the experience is the camaraderie felt the moment you step into this boutique indie theater. There is something magical in the movie going experience that almost hints to old rituals. In fact at one point in the movie there is a scene where the protagonists visit an old movie theater in LA and talk about what those old theaters must have been like in their splendor days. And while sitting in this very different theater, I understood that pomp, circumstance, and gilded ceilings aside the real magic lay in the communal ritual of enjoying entertainment as a group in this case the film going experience together and appreciating it for something special. No not the usual packed, stadium seating, mega, jumbo cinaplex that sometimes feels more like a theme park maze than a movie theater, screaming kiddies included. So next time you want to go somewhere to watch a smart movie, support a local, boutique cultural organization, and have a quiet, relaxing experience espresso included you know where to go.
Small repertoire movie house right in the middle of South Beach developed by the Miami Beach Film Society.  Their screening room is small by today's standards(seats about 50 viewers), but not tiny.  Their location is in a 1925 Mediterranean Revival hotel. Pretty NEAT! They show a bunch of foreign films, independent flix, classics and they hold other events there as well.  Get on their mailing list!
There's something nice about going to a small room to watch an indie flick that usually has some kind of awards or raving reviews from someplace over the rainbow. And it probably helps that I get some bucks off using the student discount! Us poorbies need to save some moolahs to live on by! I saw The Last Mistress (wonderful French flick btw), and I can't wait to see some upcoming films from China and Chile (with English subtitles, of course) this month! One star off for the uncomfy chairs at the last row. But then again, I shouldn't have been one of the last person coming in!
Went to this place last weekend to watch a French film, "Blue is the Warmest Color," and we really had such an amazing experience. The lady at the front was so welcoming, and the place is just so charming. (Nothing like a huge theater where people are obnoxious, talking, texting, etc.). Everyone who's there is genuinely interested in watching, and you really get the full artistic experience. Can't wait to come back here!!
I went here with my daughter to see a Colombian Movie called Sumas y Restas - "addition and subtraction" - the place is quaint and small, which makes it for a very cozy experience - sort of like sitting in a friend's house watching a movie. The staff was very cordial and forthcoming with information and assistance. The location is unbeatable... we came out of the movie and enjoyed a bottle of Italian wine along with excellent food at an establishment down the street soon to be "yelped" Like Marcos says... get on their mailing list and come here as often as you can.
The perfect theater the people that don't like going to crowded movies. Seats about 30 - 50 people.  Priced at 10$ for adults. It's a tiny place where you won't find any block buster movies, but you find great independent films. Everything they play is off beat, hand picked and guaranteed to be good. Nice selection of gourmet chocolate and treats. Before the movie starts the host gives a brief intro to the movie with interesting tid bits of information about the flick your about to watch and future movies they will be playing playing.
A cute space, with a knowledgeable manager and a very interesting selection of movies.  They've even been known to let our dog attend on occasion.   My only substantial complaint is that they tend to show the same preview over and over again for weeks on end, accompanied by the same lecture-- even when the crowd is small and almost all repeat players.  In some sense, this is understandable.  But when that preview is Lars von Trier's clitordectomagraphical Antichrist, it can make it almost not worth it to go.
Independent and foreign movie aficionados will love this cinema. Located inside historic Miami Beach City Hall, the cinema has one screen in what feels like an intimate cinema-going experience. The inside of the cinema clean and decorated with books, photographs and artwork that momentarily transport you out of the SoBe scene to a place where thoughtful and provocative ideas are highly welcomed (or, at least that was my immediate reaction to the vibe created by the decor). The staff at the concession stand is friendly and can provide you with coffees and light snacks. Oh, and they don't serve wine. Hopefully that will change soon. Inside the theatre, the seats are comfy; there are 2 or 3 that will have somewhat of an obstructed view so try to get there early for more popular features. There are no cup holders on the armrests, so make sure to sip your drink, if you bought any, before you sit. The main features, the decor, the architecture, the staff and the overall vibe makes this cinema a great one to visit.  As another Yelper wrote, "A gem to have in Miami."
What a gem to have in Miami!   The new Art Deco-inspired location works wonders, the intimate space is lovely and cozy, and the staff is wonderfully warm. The generous film offerings are the interesting, indie flicks that I've grown to treasure.
Great theater, lots of fun!
Thoroughly enjoyed a night at the cinemathique.  The space is gorgeous, the film was stimulating, and the espresso & popcorn were delicious.   The old city hall building is lovely from the outside & they've added an artsy touch to the inside with some lovely metalwork along the handrails & the archway of the door.   The movies offered here are award winning films recognized at Cannes & other international Film Festivals. The snacks included popcorn, chocolates, Italian sodas, Nespresso, and more. Will definitely return!
I'm a born Miamian. As such, I tend to get agitated when locals bitch about the lack of (insert cliche complaint here) in our fair city. Of course what most fail to realize is that what makes other cities so badass is that their citizens tend to stay in the city and give back to it. They open their own bars or coffeehouses or art galleries or whatever it is they felt was missing and, viola!, a scene is built. For most SoFla locals, however, it's much easier to bitch and ditch South Florida and, viola!, that is how a scene stays forever floundering. Which is one of the things that makes MBC and it's owner/proprieter/film guru Dana so freaking amazing. Dana is not a local (came here from LA by way of Indiana-I think?), fell in love with the beach but immediately realized the absence of an independent theater (anyone remember the fate of the Absinthe House and the Alcazar?). But instead of complaining to everyone within ear shot, Dana did something about it. That something is one of the single greatest institutions (that's right! institution!) Miami has to offer. I can go on and on about all the great movies I've seen there, both new and old, and about the famous directors that have graced MBC with killer lectures and premiers, but I won't. I'll simply say that if you haven't made the pilgrimage yet to this movie mecca, what are you waiting for? See for yourself what awesome looks like when people invest their heart and soul into the things they love.
i first came to this hidden treasure on south beach about 4 years ago. i always wanted to go back and am unsure why i waited so long. you would never think that such a quaint beautiful cozy place exists in the heart of touristy south beach. you feel like you are watching a movie at a friends house. everything they have on display has been donated from the books to the artwork.. i got tickets to see broken embraces on saturday night and had an awesome night. they were running a bit late from the previous showing, so we waited outside in an organized line. and then it took a while to get everyone seated and comfortable. but overall it was a great night! heads up. they are relocating a few blocks down to a larger space but he promises to maintain the charm and overall feeling.
Although I miss the intimacy as well as the proximity of the old Española Way location I can appreciate the spaciousness of this new one. The staff is still welcoming and friendly and they still play high quality well selected independent, foreign (my favorite), and classic films.
This place is adorable what a hidden gem on South Beach. I been living in South Beach most my life and never even realized this place exsisted. I few friends wanted to see an independent film that was showing here. I love the location you come out and you are right on Washington. Parking in the area is very easy there is plenty of street parking, or a lot on 10th street. The movies are listed online in a calendar of all their showings, and time for the month. I purchased my ticket online before, just went up and gave them my name when I came in. Place is adorable, seats were comfortable.  Not to much culture in Miami so this was nice and different to do on a Saturday night.
Wow!! if you're into Indie films you gotta give this place a try and if you're not and are wasting your movie in the big movie theaters then you REALLY gotta check this place out. It's right on Washington Avenue so you can find parking either on a meter or in one of the garages at a reasonable price. The space is cozy and beautiful and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The viewing room is small and everything is brand new. The bathrooms are nicely stocked and very clean and the concession stand is perfect. The cappuccinos are hot and tasty, perfect pairing for a great movie. Perfect spot to take a date, you can walk around SOBE after or before the movie. Also perfect for a day or night out with friends. They have performances in the afternoon on weekends too. Give it a try, do something different.
The new location for the Miami Beach Cinematheque alleviates any and all issues the former location had. It's a fantastic setup that finally does great justice to the movies that are shown. I come here mostly for the revivals (probably the only theater in Miami that regularly screens classics). The rest of the films featured is the same wonderful indie fare that you'd likely indulge in at Film Forum in NYC (or at O Cinema, Bill Cosford or Tower Theater here in Miami, for that matter). Probably the best overall space of any of the Miami independent theaters.
The Miami Beach Cinematheque is an absolute GEM of culture in South Beach. Featuring an amazing array of films and special events (like a great Sicilian Film Festival that was held a few weeks ago)--with a really beautiful and laid back vibe, this place is an absolute MUST!
Our first time there last night. Love the intimacy, class and selection of great films-for the true film aficionado. Love that is is for adults only and that they seem to change film selection almost every weekend. Only wish they had their own valet parking and some things we enjoyed at a similar theatre in Seattle area-  full bottles of Veuve champagne in a bucket, popcorn served in a  classy Veuve bucket and have to confess- Twizzlers (sorry doesn't sound classy but Twizzlers and champagne at a movie is pretty awesome! :)
A must do if you live in Miami! It is the only place to watch independent movies all the time, the most quirky and interesting events take place here. Very kind staff, very interesting movies,  I love this place.
