Painting with a Twist is super awesome! So far, I have only been to one class, but it was great. I loved my painting and had a lot of fun creating it. Eric is a very good teacher; he guides and encourages you so that you can create your own masterpiece, even if you have never painted before. **Update** Now I have been back a few more times, and each time has been great. I am learning a lot of new techniques. I have been impressed with what I have been able to create in class.
Where do I start?!?! I love this place it is my new spot to drink and stroke some brushes lol. I fell in love with the ambiance of this place so cool and different. It was like the painting was therapy not to mention my drink that I had clutched lol. I went with a friend and we had the best time ever painting drinking and laughing. The instructor was amazing I cant believe I created that piece of art it was so beautiful. And not to mention the people that we met made my night they were awesome I enjoyed the entire time there it was a great experience. I recommend you go and have fun. Thank me later ;)
The concept is great... creative, colorful, interesting, great atmosphere, fun people, wine...  All good!   I heard about this place well before it opened and was intrigued.  But then I had the opportunity to plan a bday party for my mom - who really didn't want a "party".  This was a huge success!  3 generations, a real mix of people who had artistic talent and those who said they had none... but all of us created something that was worthy of framing!  It is a relaxing but fun experience.    The man who runs/owns(?) the place adds to the overall experience. He's talented, goes well out of his way to make the experience approachable and is alot of fun.  Don't wait for a private party... go to the general classes!  Don't wait to try this place out!
Came here for the first time last month and for the second time tonight.  I had a great time both times.  I never thought I could paint but left both times with paintings that I am proud of.  We had Eric as our instructor both times and must say that he is awesome.  He makes the whole process fun.  He is extremely patient and funny.  I can not to do this again!
My team and I had the pleasure of attending a private class at Painting with a Twist this week. We had a blast! This was an awesome Team Building Event! David did a great job at teaching us first timers how to paint a pretty picture. I definitely recommend it and we will be back! :)
Let loose and let's paint!  Everyone was very friendly, accommodating and nice. I celebrated my birthday with 11 other friends and we all had a wonderful time! We had a private room, which I recommend, if you can get the people to go. Overall, it's a definite must go.
Love this place! Only wish it was a little less expensive. Honestly, this was a GOOOOD time. can't wait to go again. Actually came out with a really good painting. Never thought I could!!!!!!!
I'm hooked on this place!  It's a fun thing to do on any day or night of the week.  Come alone or with friends.  The instruction is great and entertaining.  Best of all you get to leave with a beautiful and original piece of 16x20 canvas art.  Also great for gift giving, which I've been doing a lot of.  And if you think you can't paint or you aren't artistic, come here and you will be proven wrong.  EVERYONE leaves with an amazing creation.
I had been wanting to to go Painting with a Twist ever since a facebook friend posted the Deco Drive segment on their wall. So I waited and waited until they posted something on their calendar that my friends and me would like. Since it was a "double feature" (two paintings, you pick one) class, we decided to make it a couples night. We had a great instructor (David) and we all came out with our own little cohesive masterpieces. The guys were "stressed" and the girls had fun. Maybe because us girls tend to me more patient and more crafty. I thought it was a great way to unwind and relax and at the end of the night, you leave with something beautiful to hang on your wall. And fear not, YOU CAN DO IT! Even the least artistically inclined ones in our group left with some really nice artwork. Its foolproof!  I am planning on going again...with just the girls!
My colleagues and I went to Painting with a Twist as a staff development activity. We had a great morning of private painting, and we were really able to relax. Even though I lack all artistic skill, the instructor was encouraging and great at eliciting happiness from all of us. PWAT is also a BYOB establishment, which only helped my art and staff interaction. I would recommend this place to anyone!
This place is so much fun! Great for a date/ couples night. BYOB! Yup bring your own bottle of wine/ liquor. Its great and the instructor is awesome, patient, funny. We thought we couldn't paint but it actually came out pretty good. Will definitely go again for couples night or double feature night so each one of us can paint a different painting. Just a really nice and different option for us in the upper east side without having to go Downtown or the beach.
Had such a great time for couples night, painting a glass of wine and a bottle of pino noir.  Who knew we were so talented.  We were 12  out of a class of 30 and brought wine and great eats before class.  Eric did a great jog keeping most of us "in line".  Can't wait to go back again.
I would HIGHLY recommend that everyone partake in a Painting with a Twist class. Whether or not you believe you have artistic talent, you WILL be able to create awesome paintings. We will definitely be back! As a bonus, the instructor, Eric, is a great teacher and makes the class so much fun!
What can I say?  I have become a fan!  I attended my first class this past Tuesday, and I have to say I truly enjoyed the experience.  Eric was great as an instructor, and entertainer for the 2 hours of class we had.  You walk out with a masterpiece that I don't even think you thought was even remotely possible to create as an individual, who isn't a professional artist.  Eric takes you step by step on the painting scheduled for the night and also stating you don't have to copy exactly, and can add your own creative flare to it.  If your looking to explore a new hobby on the creative side, or your artistic side has been dormant for quite some time, like mine was, give it a shot.  You really leave a bit inspired to keep trying it out and to keep creating more.  I can't wait to go back and create something new to hang up and admire.  Nothing feels better than saying "I did that!"  Oh, and I forgot to mention, you can sip on some wine or beverage of your choice, while you are at it.
this place was soooooo much fun!!!!! we went on a friday night for the Buddha  painting....the 2 instructors were AWESOME!!!!!! the 3 hrs flew by!!! worth the $45 per person!!!!! loved it!
What a great place! If youre looking for something different to do then this is it. First you go to the website and find a painting you would like to do and sign up. Bring wine and some finger foods and youre ready to paint. I must admit I was a little intimidated cuz Im not your artsy type and I thought I would feel out of place but all those fears were put at ease immediately. Eric (the owner, teacher) is great! He makes you feel comfortable and at ease right way. Everything you need to paint your masterpiece is supplied, including aprons to protect your clothes. Eric will lead you step by step on your painting, even helping one on one if you feel you need it. Somehow at the end you end up with a piece of art you can be proud of and whats really cool is allthough everyone is painting the same thing, they all end up looking different and unique. At the end you get a cool personal piece of art work to proudly display on your wall. They do private parties also but I think part of the fun is meeting possible new friends ;-)
I must admit I was quite skeptical. When I think of painting I think of back when I was either in Elementary School painting with crayons and chalk. However, as there title suggest this is painting with a twist.  I believe this experience better served in large groups or maybe in an intimate couples group.   Your allowed to bring appetizers and picking food along with white or red wine to make your painting experience more enjoyable. David, one of the instructors makes this place tick. He is charismatic, charming and attentive to your needs and is an amazing instructor who. Your given aprons your painting utensils and a canvas to paint one of many different art works or you can create your own such as your pet, or replicas of other artist's best work.  Your instructor shows you step by step on how to bring your painting together and allows you to show your true colors and explore your inner Picasso! You can paint either up stairs or down stairs, the entire experience is just enjoyable and a great way to spend quality time with friends, family and your partner and learn to paint at the same time. It was truly a splendid surprise and I would recommend to anyone who would like to try something different.
The first time I went to painting with a twist was with a friend of mine and our husbands, it was couples night and we painted a cute wine glass and bottle that when you put the painting together flowed.  It was a lot of fun the instructor was great and helped you step by step to make your painting come out almost as nice as theirs.   Because of that experience I was hosting a bachelorette party and took all the girls to painting with a twist.  We had a fantastic time, our instructors again were amazing, they even helped us bring in our coolers and food from the cars.  They allowed us to set up and decorate the studio to fit our event!! They didn't rush our event and let us talk and mingle also with some breaks and were very helpful with their assistance on our artwork as always. This place is always a great time and everyone should try it!
Absolutely loved the experience. Went last night for a friends bday celebration. The place was a bit difficult to find. Neighborhood is a bit shady but once in, your good. Plenty of space to decorate and set up to your liking. We took food and wine and had a great time. You can come with friends or a date or even your kids. Really felt my inner Picasso come out. Definitely will be back!
I've been to Painting with a Twist twice and have had such a great time both times. My first time was for a private 10-15 person party for a friend's birthday. We all brought in a bunch of snacks and drinks and had a blast catching up, drinking and eating while painting up our masterpieces. My second time was for one of the couples paintings in a large class of about 20-30 people which was also a lot of fun. If you don't have an artistic bone in your body, don't worry! The instructors are so great that they make an artist out of anyone and everyone. Very funny, energetic, helpful, and encouraging. They go through the process of each painting step by step and walk around helping you with anything you need. It's fun watching your painting progress - I recommend taking pictures of each step so you can see how your painting develops! Overall a great experience, very chill and laid back environment. Will definitely be back for more sessions with friends and family!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I've visited Painting with a Twist on two occasions:  Once with my girlfriends and the other with my 8 y/o daughter. The first time I registered was for the "Monet's Lillies" on a Wednesday night.  I'll admit, I was terrified.  I've never painted on canvas and was sure I would create a big sloppy mess!  But I didn't!  That's how I KNOW these instructors are good. The second time was with my daughter for Father's Day.  I didn't tell her where we were going on the car ride there but she was very happy when she saw what we were doing.  The instructors ordered delicious Pizza from Andiamo (maybe I should review them next) and had wine for the parents (winning!)  Oh, and the owners dog, Leo, was there so my daughter was in heaven.  Paint, pizza, and a dog!  What more could a kid want??? I recommend this place to everyone.  It's great for a girl's night, date night, or with the kids.  The instructors are nice and really funny.  The entire experience is wonderful.  Bring your own wine bottles and they'll provide cups (or you can bring your own glasses if you feel weird drinking from plastic cups.  Pinkies up!)
What a blast! I'm so stingy with my 5 stars too, so believe me when I tell you that this place served up an especially good time. My friend hosted a private bday celebration on the second story of the studio, complete with paint, canvas, some clueless wanna be artists (self included), an awesome instructor, and wine. David and the rest of the Painting with A Twist crew set the ton that brought out everyone's creativity. This spot is perfect for a date night, birthday or just an all around good time. I'll be back again and again!
What an awesome concept and fun experience today was. The closest I've ever come to painting is a paint by numbers set I once purchased set Michaels. So never in a million years did I think I could paint something as lovely as what I did today. The space is obviously very artsy. But totally unpretentious. The instructor today was super helpful and really walked the entire class through the painting step by step. I'm so happy with my creation that I'm actually proud to hang it in my office. This was truly a fun and unique experience with my girlfriend. We laughed, had some vino and learned a new skill!
How do i sum up my AMAZING night at painting with a twist? Wine, jokes & good vibes I have always just assumed i was horrible at art.. But coming here changed all that and i now want to get my own art easel and paints... I'm not joking. I have now found my new hobby in something i thought i could never do. The teachers guide you step by step into creating a master piece but give you enough freedom to make it your own. Something about making art here is soo freeing.. It's such a carefree environment not to mention you can whip out a bottle of wine and chocolates and no one will look twice. If you haven't been then you are missing out on a hobby you didn't know you loved. Don't read another review and just go you'll LOVE it.  i PROMISE!! :)
What?!!  Could this be?  A place that only has 5-star reviews?  Yeah, they're that good.  It pretty much has been summed up in all the other reviews, so there's not much more I can say.  We all have a love for this place and happy to be part of something really cool.  Not only do you leave on such an emotional high from all the positive energy in the room, but you get to take home your very own self-created masterpiece to adorn your walls and remind you of the amazing time you had here. Tired of the usual bar scene?  Or perhaps it's raining out in sunny South Florida?  Or maybe you just need some "me" time to reconnect and tap into your inner artist?  Whatever reason or no reason, you really must try Painting With A Twist.  I try to come here at least once per vacation.  Hmmm... What to paint next? The Good:  Variety of art work to choose from with an easy to use online calendar and appointment system;  BYOB or use one of their menus for a local sushi or pizza place to have something to feed your appetite while you feed your soul. The Bad:  That I don't live in Miami Beach.  If I was here, I would seriously snag up some studio time and make this a weekly visit.  Cheaper and more effective than any therapy out there! The Oh-So-Pretty:  Leo.  Never met a more charismatic mascot.  :) Keep doing what you're doing, Eric.  Happy to see this place soaring to new heights!
I absolutely LOVE this place! I felt like a child again! The teachers are so funny and nice they make you feel extremely comfortable! There is such a positive and fun energy radiating around the room it's amazing. I took a bottle of wine, and everyone else took whatever they desired to drink (you can also take snacks) cannot wait to go back soon, I highly recommend! It's a must go! What a great experience!!!!
This was a lot of fun.   However, i was upset - i mean two classes and I still can't paint like Jackson Pollack.     Class instructor was nice, fun and very cute.   other participants were nice and having a good time.   My owl - well it sort of looked like an owl but I hope the real owls don't see it.   They have talons and that could hurt.
After reading the reviews, we decided to have my bachelorette party at Painting with a Twist -- and we had a blast! They advertise the paintings as being "idiot proof" and I'm not sure that's true... it was so much harder than it looked! But we had a great time, and our teacher was funny and helpful (and went easy on us, thankfully). They were also really good sports about having food and drinks in there (we had pizza and penis-themed cupcakes...), and the owner of the place has an in-store dog who was definitely a good morale booster partway through when we all needed a good "aww" to keep us going. I would highly recommend hosting a party there if you're thinking about it! You get to choose your own painting and have the upstairs of the studio all to yourselves.
This place was great! The steps for the painting were simple and easy to follow. I didn't know to bring my own drinks but will definitely bring them next time. I went for a couples date night with my boyfriend and our painting definitely came out better than I expected! Never knew we were both so artistic! Also, its a great environment and the instructors are very helpful and friendly, funny too! We're already planning another date night. And you can do birthday parties and celebrate other occasions too. You can select what painting you would like to do for your party. I'm think about doing that for my next birthday. Can't wait to go back!
One of my best friend suggested we check out Painting with a Twist to celebrate my birthday! We couldn't make it on the original day, but we send e-mail explaining the situation and Whitney change the reservation to the new class (at no additional cost). I recommend arriving early to find parking and get seats next to your friends.David (the instructor) was AMAZING. He was funny and he makes you extremely comfortable. I'm not artist or creative at all but David will lead you step by step, even helping one on one if you feel you need it. Somehow at the end you end up with a piece of art you can be proud of and what's really cool is although everyone is painting the same thing, they all end up looking different and unique. The best part of the night for me and my friend was NOT thinking about anything else other than our painting. Completely relax. I can't wait to go again.
A few of my girl friends suggested we check out Painting With a Twist. Fully aware of my lack of artistic ability (I'm a left-brainer), I decided to just have a good time with my friends and not worry if I walked out with a disaster on canvas. Much to my surprise, I was so happy at the end of class, leaving with a cute fish painting that I made ALL by myself (yay!). Parking wasn't too hard to find, even though I arrived right as the class was supposed to start. I just hunted around the street directly behind the building, and parked somewhere that didn't seem too illegal (no meters or anything). The class started a bit late, but that was good because my friends and I were not especially prompt on this particular evening! So, I'm sure you get the drill by now, we ate, we drank, we painted! The instructor, David, was super helpful and willing to answer any and all questions, as well as provide time for catching up in case anyone fell behind. In the end, everyone paints the same thing but each person's artwork looks so unique! I have since been to similar painting classes elsewhere, and I will say that Painting with a Twist definitely has a really fun atmosphere. Their instructors are also a bit more hands-on, and more descriptive with the step-by-step directions. Personally, I like that. I have not painted before, so I want guidance! This class made me feel really capable of being artistic -- not something I experience all the time!
I think this place is pretty great. I've been here a couple of times and brought a few friends each time and everyone has a good time. I am not artist or creative at all but the instructors break down each step so you leave with a pretty decent painting. So far the best instructor I've had has been Eric but they have all been pretty good. I think this would make a great date night or even girls night out. You can give them special requests in advance of what you'd like to paint and they do their best to accommodate.  I love that you can bring snacks and wine. My only complaint is that it gets a little hot in the studio.
Five stars across the board and total no brainer review! I decided to celebrate my birthday and have a girls day. I wanted to do something different, and i thought, painting, wine, and my friends. Total win. The booking process was easy, I made all my arrangements through Eric, who I believe was the owner and also one of the instructors there. The day of the party my friends and I arrived an hour prior to the start time to set up everything. Upon walking in, we learned we had the whole second floor to ourselves which was amazing! We had the area where we would paint, an are where our food was, and a lounge area. A bonus was they had aprons with quirky messages on them for us to choose from. They also had speakers for us to use to connect our iPods so we could set the mood. Another bonus, was they provided ice and ice buckets so we can chill our wine. Once all my friends arrived, we popped a few bottles of champagne and kicked off the party / lesson. David was our instructor, and he was amazing ! The painting I chose was Van Gogh's infamous starry night with a Parisian twist. From beginning to end, the whole painting process was fun and with the more wine we drank, the better the paintings looked and the more of an artist I felt. All in all, it was a great afternoon and one of the best birthdays I have ever had. I definitely want to come back and one of my girlfriends will now be hosting her birthday in July and David is on our request list. I can't express how much I enjoyed my experience.
Your friends + wine + some acrylic paints = FUN time at Painting With a Twist. I've taken painting classes at the local college where I'm taught "proper" technique on how to transfer my passion onto a blank canvass. If this is what you're looking for, then go to "proper" painting classes. If on the other hand, you don't want to suffer for days, or weeks, to produce a wall-worthy painting but would rather laugh, sip on (plenty of) wine and create your very own painting in 2-3 hours, then this is a place you'd enjoy. I've been here twice with two individuals who, by their own admission, can't draw stick figures. At the end of class, after much laughter and making new friends, one friend walked away proud to have painted Audrey Hepburn and the other proud to have created an abstract-like collage of colors framing a black gown.   The instructor couldn't be better. Both times he was extremely patient, very funny and excellent with step-by-step instructions.  The registration fee provides you with a blank canvas, paints, brushes and all materials. All you need to do is show up with some wine and ready to have some fun with friends, family and complete strangers.
Awesome place!!  Came on a date night and it was probably one of the best things we've done.  Laid back atmosphere. Really great teachers who make you feel comfortable enough to create a great painting of your own.  Brought wine but next time will also bring a little snack.  Can't wait to go back.
Was treated to a class by a friend, and was so excited to paint the Eiffel Tower, as I left my heart in Paris and never got it back. (Ues, I have an unhealthy obsession with Paris). So, the class started right on time, and some of the students had brought pizza and wine. My friend and I took diet coke as we didnt need the extra calories. The instructor was very sweet, and she made sure to go around and answer people's questions. I cant wait to go back with my husband and paint something else. It was tons of fun and its such a nice change from the usual date nights. I recommend this place for anyone looking to do something fun and relaxing.
I just LOVE this place & the instructors! So much fun and laughter! Been here twice & celebrated my birthday here
Painting with a Twist is AWESOME! Fabulous as a date idea or even a group of friends wanting something out of the ordinary to do. Erick is a gracious, entertaining and talented host. There was a wine tasting on the day I went which understandably upped the fun factor, but I will totally book again, wine or no wine. Even the talentless (that would be me) can walk out of there with their head held high at what they managed to accomplish! Patient instruction by a fun & witty host with a phenomenal playlist  (complete with scented candles) all make for a really cool experience. A definite MUST DO in Miami!
First off, so much fun and huge thanks to our teachers. So we went Friday June 27th which was dubbed "record-breaking" for the largest Paisley Elephant Class at 10pm! I was in a group of 6 girls. We got their early in time to pick out our seats which was awesome. The painting, the drinking, all FUN. The less sober, the more exciting it is to see your creations pop up. No matter what the outcome, the instructors do a great job of making this Dummy-proof painting! Even if you've NEVER picked up a paint brush in your life, this is the place to start! Things you should know before you go: the brickell area isn't in such a wonderful neighborhood. The parking sucks, but since we had such a late class, we were able to park across the street at a very well lit AutoZone. Why not 5 stars you ask? Here are the down sides to being "record-breaking." The class started at 10pm, but people were STILL arriving at 11pm and caused massive delays for EVERYONE. A 2 hour class dragged on till almost 1am! It was a complete bummer to be mid-class and suddenly having tables rearranged to accommodate the late arrivals. In addition, the A/C could NOT accommodate the class, and once we started blow drying, we were suddenly in a SAUNA. NOT cool, at all. & no, it wasn't the wine considering I wasn't drinking. There were loud groups of ppl and at least 3 different radios/ipods/speakers on at once, which was a little annoying. Classes should be capped at capacity & left smaller. Luckily the great instructors made up for it in smiles and enthusiasm. Definitely looking forward to going again and hopefully to a smaller, less-crowded, colder painting experience next time. Don't forget to bring your own ice too!
In a town full of step and repeat photo ops, fake smiles, and $1000 dollar bar tabs it is refreshing to be able to do something that is so...REAL. It's just you and a paint brush. The staff is amazing. And the best part of the experience is seeing YOUR art the next day and realizing, hey, its not that bad!!
I had such a blast at "Painting with a Twist" while visiting family in Florida. My family, (parents, husband, 30 yr-old brother and 15 yr-old sister) went for a private party with Eric. With 6 of us being all different ages and having different levels of artistic ability, initially I thought some would have fun while maybe one or two of us would be left to basically "hang out" for the duration of a studio appt. I couldn't have been more wrong - it was awesome for each and every one of us! Eric really guided us through the painting and encouraged us to be creative as well. We laughed, we talked, we listened to music all the while painting our masterpieces. (My mom thoughtfully chose Boat House Row in Philly to be our painting.  How cool to be in Miami and recreating a painting of a scene from back home?) As many reviewers have pointed out, you can BYO beverages and snacks. It was a day-time birthday celebration for our get-together but we had so much fun - it's easy to imagine how wild the night classes/parties can be! Note to self: check out Philly area studios. Apparently, there are Painting With a Twist locations all over.
A group of about 10 of us came here for a birthday party and when we walked out we all left with original AND beautiful works of art with OUR teeny initials on the corner of the canvas. My momma was so proud! Painting with a Twist is a 3 hour class guided by two artists (who are super helpful and patient!) Each class features one painting and a brush stroke by brush stroke lesson on how to re create that work of art. We re created Midnight Blues which looked intimidating at first with all its blending of different blue hues and watery ground effects but when I left I was pretty dang proud. No need to tuck that bad boy in the closet, I event posted a pic on Facebook for all to adore and compliment; and compliments did I receive! The class was fun, especially with a group of friends. It's also a great date place (hint hint). Oh! and the wine! They even encourage you to bring in your own wine and snacks. They provide cups, napkins, plates and a wine opener. Painting is more fun when you're accompanied by Mr. Merlot.
love love love this place. Recently went for a girls night we coordinated. Very therapeutic, great music, would definitely do it again.
