Relaxing walkway along the water. Don't go I the water as everyone knows lol. But it's getting cleaned up since it's a local landmark. It's great during the Christmas holiday time for lights on the lake!!
Nice park, nice play area.  Its too bad the trams are not working as it is too far too walk for both older folks or younger kids.  We were here last year and enjoyed it but this year it was a downer as they tram has apparently been "down" for and extended period of time... Seems like resources are not being allocated very well.
Onondaga Lake Park; gorgeous views, running trails -- a Salt Museum and a tram that runs here, also home to the Lights on the Lake during the holiday season. Lights on the Lake deserves to be in another review (hint: it would be two stars), so I won't talk about it here, but as a park -- this place is great. With the mountainous looking terrain in the back, you can almost imagine you're in San Francisco (okay...almost, maybe I'm stretching it). There's a shoreline trail where you can run and walk your dog with mile markers up to 3miles. Great place to go running along the water. Running parallel to it, there's another trail where you can bike and roller blade (but dogs are forbidden). Although it's beautiful to come here for a romantic walk or picnic or to meditate by yourself, it's a bit bittersweet if you know the history of this place. It used to be one of the most popular tourist destinations in the US, but as Onondaga Lake is like the second most polluted lake in the US -- you can no longer safely swim here and a lot of that tourism vanished. It's too bad, they've made a lot of effort to clean up the lake, but it still has a long way to go. Extra star will be awarded for when the lake is safely swimmable again. Hopefully in my lifetime.
Came here for lights on the lake. It was sic a cute little experience. You drive through many different  areas that featured medieval lights, wizard of oz, Santas workshop, and 2-3 others I cannot remember. After hearing the story of how the townspeople make all of the metal structures and lights, I appreciated it much more.
Not a bad little park on the lake.  2 baseball diamonds, a skate park (pretty nice one) and a playground for the kids.  I sense some shenanigans go on here when the sun is gone. It's across across the street from Heid's which means hot dog or ice cream and chilling at the park! It's slightly cooler (temperature wise) here than other parts of town . If you come here at any point other than the summer then remember to bring a sweater or jacket!!!
I have a few things to say about Onondaga Lake Park, first thing is that this is the best way to spend a warm summer day with your children. We love going to what they call the "crayon park" because the front of the Wegman's children's playground has huge crayons in the front. The playground is definitely parent friendly, no matter where my children go in the park I am able to see them there is nothing obstructing my view. I love the fact that the playground is "padded" with rubber instead of mulch making falls so much easier on the little ones. We also love feeding the ducks so every time we come to the park we also scrounge around for left over bread and snacks to feed the ducks and we spend what seems like hours feeding them by the water. The benches near the water definitely make it easy for us to enjoy the lake. The next best thing about the park is the trolley, sometimes when the kids and I get kind of tired we hop on the trolley and ride it around the park from one end to the other and back and I tell the children about when I was a kid where we had family picnics and the restaurant that was open by Long Branch. It's so much fun to reminisce especially at Onondaga Lake park because I have so many wonderful memories there. I remember the day before I left for basic training in 2000, I went to Onondaga Lake Park to test my running times and to brush up a little on my exercising. It was a beautiful day so after my running I strapped on my Rollerblades and just skated for hours. The Salt museum is also a lost gem at the lake. It has so much history in it and it's fun to see and learn about the olden days at the park and surrounding areas. You know I have been going to that park since the 80's (when I was born) and had never gone into the Salt Museum until a couple of years ago, I couldn't wait to bring my children there once I saw the wonder inside and they LOVED it as much as I did. The one downfall as everyone is well aware the lake is polluted so no sunny days swimming in the water and no fishing out on the pier like when I was a kid, but it's still a great place for family!!
Onondaga Lake Park has a special meaning to me.  I spent my high school and college summers working as a grounds keeper at Griffin Field.  Griffin Field was a multi-use (Football, Soccer, Baseball and Softball) sports facility that has since been torn down and replaced by a Skateboard park (I think). Onondaga Lake Park is a long narrow park that runs along the shores of Onondaga Lake (considered to be the most polluted lake in the US).  In spite of the pollution the county has worked hard since the mid 1970s to create a great park. There is a road that runs the length of the park but it was closed to public traffic a long time ago.  This makes it ideal for running and biking.  There are several picnic areas. The residents of the towns near the lake usually make good use of the park. During the holiday season a light display is created and the road is open to cars paying a fee. The lake is not nearly as bad as it was when I was young.  In fact it has been making a steady comeback.  It might never be what it was before the City of Syracuse built and the smoke stack industries that showed up along the shores but that is something we are all going to have to live with. If you are traveling to the northern suburbs of Syracuse and want to take a run or walk then Onondaga Lake Park might be just the place to go.  Check it out.
can't say i ever agreed with tearing down griffin field, but they've done a nice job of replacing it with a skate park and a couple of playground areas for kids. the current baseball fields and bike paths are in very good condition and i've never had a problem with parking or with crowds here. the park is absolutely beautiful on a sunny morning (despite onondaga lake being one of the more polluted lakes in the country). my only real complaint is that i wish they would extend the park boundaries south to onondaga creek and into the inner harbor area of syracuse, perhaps by bike paths or walking trails, to connect the city to the park a bit more.
I used to visit this park every weekend when I was in the area.  There are two paths running parallel to the lake, one for walkers and another for bicyclists.  During the summer, there seems to be a large population of geese and ducks occupying the park.  They seem to be used to humans so one can be sitting on a bench viewing the lake and be surrounded by the birds.  Of course, with so many birds, one has to be careful of the droppings.
