Great place for kids. Started taking my son here when he was a little over a year old and he's always loved it. Tons to do equals tons of fun. There are different themed areas throughout the place: -Supermarket -Veterinary -Police -Firefighter -Bank -Hospital -Cruise ship -Arts -Music -Playground -Teddy bears -Theater -Story time -Dinosaurs You get the point. Hehehe I believe they were opening a Dora or Diego exhibit as well (might be already up and running as a matter of fact). Plus they do fun events, like Dr. Seuss birthday, and they are nice. Third Fridays of every month entrance and parking are free but it definitely gets quite busy, you can only imagine.
To start out, I do like this place, it's & the kids find it entertaining. It's not the type of place you can go all the but the activities are fun. Love the indoor slide, moon sand table, & featured exhibit room. We usually go whenever there's a new feature. Now it's Tinkertoys. The staff is usually helpful & polite.      Things that aren't so great... The fact that the only thing to eat is a very very tiny Subway that is attached to the museum. On busy days, it is a nightmare trying to get food for hungry children & there isn't much else around this area to go & eat. The price is a bit high, especially for children. Even if your a resident of FL, it's still pretty pricey. Last issue, $1 an hour to park on top of the price to get in.      Overall, it's a place worth going once in awhile as a special treat or if they have a really cool event. Pack snacks & drinks for your trip. Try going during the week if possible when it isn't too crowded. :)
We had to kill some time before the Marlins game. What a coincidence! It is Free! Every third week of the month. The admission if free. Thanks to Target. Thank you Target. The museum is small. But very cute. I definitely enjoyed the cases of teddy bears that were dressed in costumes representing the countries all over the world. Make sure you have hand sanitizer handy!
Totally forgot about yelping this place. Took our son here and it was cool. First we got in for free (Military discount) which was awesome. It was only suppose to be my husband but they just gave us all a free of charge. I think it's great that Miami can offer some military incentives because there is no Active Duty bases around here. I like the concepts of Children Musuems. It can be a great learning experience for kids and maybe some adults. I rather them learn versus how to be little hoochies and try to be in the "in crowd." I'm sorry, my daughter will not be showing her ass cheeks at the mall. Anyway, different topic....The crowd here was good. Maybe we got lucky but everyone was nice and took turns. This is one of those things that we can check off the list of doing in Miami with our son. Prob won't return because he is getting older.
My husband and I took our 11 month old here while in Florida visiting my parents. This is a fun place to be when you want to turn away from the heat! We initially came here on a Saturday. Let me tell you, that line went all the way out to the parking lot! (Not sure if it was an every Saturday thing or what) We came back the next day and there was a fair amount of people so the experience was comfortable. We really enjoyed the "Storyland" exhibit, which was only there until May 4th. It featured many beloved children's books such as 'Where is Spot?' 'Tuesday' 'The Tale of Peter Rabbit' just to name a few. I think my husband and I appreciated this place more than our daughter did! This museum is a definite must when in Miami with kids!!!
I've always liked coming here with my boys, which is why when they ask, I have no problem bringing them. Today was probably one of the last times I'll be visiting. During the 2 1/2 hours we were there, I did not see a single employee anywhere throughout the museum. Everything was messy and dirty. Publix had food everywhere except on the shelves where it goes. Music area had like 3-4 instruments. Art area didn't have paper, and the crayons were broken. The dress-up clothes throughout the museum was dirty and smelled gross. All the medical toys were broken. I can go on, and on, and on... I was highly disappointed at how uncared for the museum was. It's a shame they're letting it go to waste :-(
I've been bringing my son to The Children's Museum for Mini Mondays since he was 6 months old. He's now 16 months and we still love to visit. We love the special classes on Mini Mondays and so far we've seen two exhibits ( dinosaurs and Storyland). It's always fun and so close to our home downtown. My only wish is for better lunch options. Subway is just fast food and not a viable place for us to eat.
Um, what? This place was so dirty. Literally layers of dirt on everything. It needs a thorough cleaning and remodel too. The product placement was gross. It just felt really predatory to expose children to corporate sponsorship like that. The props and toys scattered around while a good idea, were literally falling apart and broken. The only food option was Subway, which is unfortunate. I don't see how this is considered a "museum" because it felt a lot more like a kids' play gym. I have to say though that the kids running around seemed to like it, I just wished they would clean it up and get rid of the corporate sponsors.
The whole museum is hands on, which is awesome since it keeps the little ones busy, but not so awesome when you think of all the germs. There's a couple of Purell hand sanitizer dispensers around the museum, but it's always a good idea to have one of your own.  It's by no means a huge museum, but large enough to kill a couple of hours. Parking is $1/hr, which isn't that bad, but you need to pay first before entering the museum, hence the guessing game of how long you *think* you'll be there. Upside, you can re-enter as long as you show proof of payment. This has been the best Children's Museum we've ever been to, and if we visit Miami again, we'll be sure to come back.
I took my 5 and 3 year old today. It was a great activity door a rainy day, but the 3 stars (although I'd add a half star more if I knew how) was due to the steep price. I'm from Miami but live out of state now and hence paid the $18 per person (including my kids). I would pay that for the zoo which is way larger and you can literally spend your entire day at. This doesn't take more than 2.5 hours of your time although you could stretch it out a bit more. It's quite interactive and I like the exhibits are nods to South Florida. I would recommend it if you need to keep your kids busy or are visiting. But do remember that kids and adult prices should never be on par (unless you're a theme park).
If you haven't brought your kid here, then what is wrong with you. With many of of Miami's parks closed due to the mysterious contaminants this place provides an awesome alternative and best of all it's in the A/C. Make sure to check their website beforehand to see what price applies to you. City of Miami residents and military members get a great discount.
After visiting today 7/9/14, and reading all of the comments, I am a bit suspicious of all of the 4 and 5 stars given. I really tried to like this place, but after paying $18 for a toddler ($14 Florida resident) and 3 adults it was one huge disappointment. The rather young (18-20) staff was uninterested and seemed to be bothered by our presence. There was no staff supervision in ANY of the rooms, so it was open season for wild and unruly children whose parents seemed to be no where in sight. No one greeted us or guided us anywhere. They take your money, give you a map and turn back to whom ever they were talking to or texting. I was afraid to let my daughter get down and touch anything since they clearly do not clean the toys. The blocks in one of the upstairs areas were stained and black from dirt! The upstairs area was a complete disaster! Totally unacceptable! This was our first and last visit. Again, the place was filthy and smelled in some areas. There was trash and toys everywhere!!! Many of the "exhibits" were broken and/or had pieces missing. I can not believe what we saw and paid for today! Oh, and the best part was when we had to exit via the gift shop. Once again, no greeting or smiling faces, but I should give you more of my money on my way out. The lady seated to our left was actually standing up looking at us while stuffing her face with food. Since I try my best to always find the positive, I will end on a positive note. The outside of the building was very nicely painted. I also want to thank the nice young lady who stopped to help us get in the door with the stroller.
I came here for one of their summer free days, and I would like to say that this place is so amazing but overwhelming at the same time. There are kids running around everywhere that the place seems over capacity at times-- but it may just have been because I went on a summer free day. Think about Chuck E Cheez and multiply the amount of people by 6 or 7, and that's the Miami Children's Museum for you-- on a free summer day, at least. Awesome activities include: - A simulation of a Carnival Cruise Ship where you can learn about navigation and play dress up - A simulation of Publix where you can pretend to be a cashier and learn about nutrition - A mock doctor's office to learn about health - A rock climbing wall - An open assembly area for activities like zumba and demonstration. I must admit the zumba class was fun. Parents and kids were participating in it, and the energy in the room was phenomenal. An amazing place to take children, but make sure you keep close to them because there are a lot of kids running around, and it's an easy place for your child to wander and get lost.
We came here with our toddler, paid $16/ person, yes you need to pay $16 for the toddler too, and got in and out within 1 hour.... It was interesting for maybe half an hour, even for our toddler...They got like miniture supemarket, bank, fire/police department, cruise ship,....etc. After that there wasn't much else to do... Kids screaming, running, pushing eachother, the guardians, parents, grandparents all looked like they were in hell... Shxtty faces, walks like zombies, yelling at their kids...
What a great place for kids..came here with my little one and the hubs and she had such a great time. It was organized and had great areas for toddlers. We will definitely be coming back. Prices were reasonable as well.
Loved this place! This was our 1st time here! We spent a few hours here and our almost 3 yr old really enjoyed everything. There were arts and crafts, costumes, they even have a gift shop and Subway. The employees are really nice and helpful; the museum is considerably clean, and for a Sunday afternoon it wasn't that full. Loved the Dinosaur exhibition and the Carnival Cruise stage. 4 stars because some of the equipment was old and outdated--notfunctioning.
Ventured to the Miami Children's Museum on a rainy day to pacify the little one. The MCM reminds me of a corporate-sponsored Wannado City. The idea is cute, however it already needs a little TLC, although its only been open for a few years. My son enjoyed the Publix, Marine and Art areas the most. This place leaves a lot up to the imagination, which is great. Hardly any electronics, so it allows the kids to explore and get creative, which is great. There is not a lot of staff supervising the areas, so parents should definitely not assume they can let their kids run wild and free here. There was this one kid who was going a bit haywire with the shopping carts, no parent in sight, and no workers to keep him in check, either. The shows are a bit corny, too. But I guess its a gig for Drama local drama kids. The prices are a bit steep, $12pp, even kids. I think only kids under 1 are free. The only food place is a small subway towards the exit/entrance. I think this museum has potential and I understand it relies on philanthropy and taxes to stay afloat, but it does need some up-keeping, especially in the outside area.
Miami Children's Museum is great - not only for kids, but for adults too!  I went recently with 2 other adults & a not-quite-4-year-old.  We all had a blast!   Currently, they have a big exhibit about sports and the Olympics, including a bounce-house, which is always a big hit for the kids.  The cruise ship exhibit is very neat, as is the bank, as well as Publix.  At the bank, there are coins from various countries embedded in the counter-top, and plenty of crayons and colored pencils to make rubbings on.   Other neat exhibits are the Worlds of Music and Art.  In the music exhibit,  you can do karaoke, and have the option to buy your loving recording at the end of your visit.  At the art exhibit, you can create your own masterpieces all while learning about art in various media, and all time periods.  There's also a booth where you can have your photo taken and turned into a work of art, shown through 6 different styles of painting.  It's very cool. I'd definitely recommend MCM to any family on vacation, or anyone with a kid.  They might look at you funny if you showed up with anyone under the age of 16.  Prices are the same for adults and kids - $12 each.  Not too shabby considering Jungle Island across the way is $30 a person!
BAIT AND SWITCHED I have not had the opportunity to visit the museum but did make a reservation to have my son's birthday party there.  After reading everyone else's review I thought I had nothing to lose. I promptly called the number listed on the website and spoke to Judy who was more than happy to help and reserve my son's spot.  At no time did she talk to me about a cancellation policy.  Unfortunately the military had other plans for this little family and could go through with said plans.  I called Judy and left a message for her about our news.  Her reply: " We do not give refunds" This was news to me since I had never been told this while making the reservations.  She kept re-iterating that it was on the form that she sent me (after she received my deposit) and it was also posted on their website (it's not)   **The letter she sent me did state that no refunds will be given within 10 days of the party (I was canceling 30 days before)** Her phone etiquette blows and she then transferred me to her superior who gave me the same song and dance but ended it with a "I'll see what I can do, and give you a call back" 48 hours later  I am called and told that there will be no refund, only a credit to use towards the museum.  I explained that we no longer live in Miami and she kept repeating her statement and then hung up on me. I've resorted to contacting my credit card company for a refund.   If you're thinking of throwing a party there be careful.  I'm out $175 dollars until this matter is solved.
Miami Children's Museum is a fantastic interactive museum for kids and the grown-up kid. For grown-up kids to go, it is required to have a kid under 14 years old in the visiting party. This is what the people told us as the desk, but lucky for us my friends to younger siblings were both under fourteen. My friend and I had just as much fun as her siblings role playing( I swear it was Disney PG role playing) and messing with all the interactive exhibits. What do they feed these kids these days? I could not keep up with those little balls of pure energy. All in all, it is a pretty small museum and can get through it in an hour, two at the tops. It was a nice little detour on the way to the Beaches.
If your kid loves dinosaurs, this place will be equivalent to Disney World for them. The Dino Island display doesn't seem like much to an adult, but through the eyes of a dino fan it is heavenly. Trust me, we spent 2 hours just in Dinosaur Island! The rest of the museum is just awesome. It is a total kinesthetic experience for children. They can do all types of activities hands-on. I have never been to Wanna-do-city, but I think it is a similar concept. There is a doctors office, Publix, bank, green screen, shipping port, art room, and much more. The staff there are awesome. The ladies that were downstairs in Dino Island, included my son in their presentation once they realized just how knowledgable he was about dinosaurs. The staff in the art area was very friendly and inviting. They seem to have a lot of fun doing their job. I haven't seen that in a while. Admission for Miami residents is $12. (adults and children) Parking is $1.00 per hour.
A place where you can let your mind wander and you can pretty much do anything.  Very fun, imaginative place to play.  Kids can stay here and play for HOURS.  There's the Peace Park on the side, which is a playground, and indoors there are the hands-on activities, as well as the Castle of Dreams slide, another playground, a beautiful fish tank, and some pretty wild exhibits. The hands-on activities allow kids to be whoever they want to be.  I guess it's probably similar to the now-defunct Wannado City.  I never went, but from the description, it sounds like it may have been.  There's a dentist's station, where there are some giant teeth, and a giant toothbrush so kids can practice brushing.  If your kid likes to play doctor, this is his chance: a white robe, stethoscope, x-rays and a hospital bed all await the doctor and his patient.  There's also a grocery store with produce and other items, a bank, a firetruck, along with the firefighter's coat, boats and hat, and a police motorcycle.  The role-playing is tons of fun, I am guilty of having participated as well. The Castle of Dreams slide is beautiful.  It has mosaics and sea-themed beautiful sculptures all over it.  You go up some steps which lead to a somewhat tall, twisting slide on which you slide down to the ground.  Kids are always fighting each other over a turn.  Near the slide is the USS Holtz Kids ship, which has water flowing out of it and flowing into a large pool underneath, which has red, plastic fish floating around.  The fun part is, the fish are magnetic and you can grab a magnetic fishing pole and "catch" the fish out of the water.  Kids can also climb aboard the boat and catch the fish from there.  My daughter's guilty of spending over 30 minutes on this alone, this is one of her favorite activities. Towards the end of the long hallway through which you enter, is the tank.  The fish tank houses sea urchins and many other tropical saltwater fish.  It is huge and although it was closed for a few months last year (not sure why), it is now back up and running and with beautiful fish.  Next to the fish tank is THE main attraction: the exhibit.  The exhibits here stay temporarily and are changed every few months, although I am not sure of the exact frequency.  Currently, their exhibit is the time machine, which leads to the era of the dinosaurs.  It is amazing how much work went into creating these exhibits.  They are always very realistic and there is great attention to detail.   Let me say that after driving all the way out to Dinosaur World, their animatronic dinosaurs have got NOTHING on the ones here, and I feel like we would have done just as well to go to this exhibit.  These dinosaurs moved a lot more (even their eyeballs would move, and the new dinosaur hatchlings did as well!), and the rubber body and paint used to color it and add textures was a lot more realistic than that at Dinosaur World.  There was a metallic mechanical mold of the dinosaur so kids could see what it was like under the rubber (the equivalent of a skeleton, if you will), and the child could manipulate the dinosaur's movements at will.  They also had more dinosaurs here than at Dinosaur World, and a cool activity that allows you to put a sheet of paper on top of a metallic mold of a dinosaur and grab a crayon, rub it, and have the impression transfer to the sheet of paper.  We spent about 30 minutes doing this.   I am not sure what exhibit may be coming up, but I am sure it will be great!
You have to love, love, love a place that has exhibits that are interactive. If you have kids or have friends in town with kids you have to explore this museum. Finally a good museum for kids in Miami. Even though it is the "Children's Museum" It has exhibits that everyone can enjoy and we always use other people's kids as an excuse to come on occasion. Our teen especially as she says with an air of boredom... "Sure, of course we can take so 'n so" as I see her eyes light up. We even won free tickets for the Blue Man Group when they had the exhibit there. Also when you are done, drive over the causeway and grab a quick bite in SoBe at one of the many amazing eateries.
The Museum is ok for ONE visit. We went during their "Wizard of Oz" special exibit for the first time. After listening to the benefits of the annual membership, which included breakfast at the museum with fellow members and characters from the movie, I was hooked. If they had something like this every month where we can go and enjoy ourselves then it should be worth the $150. After visiting the Museum, I wasn't too blown away. Most of the things were broken. The Publix section is a hot mess. However, my 2 year old didn't seem to mind. I approached one of the employees and told her that we were looking forward to the Wizard of Oz breakfast. She quickly interrupted me and said "Oh, its not a breakfast, we are just having donuts", WTF? When I hear BREAKFAST, i think, eggs, meats, potatoes, waffles, cereal etc. What a bummer. A few minutes later, I see a "WITCH" walking by us. Then it hit me. Thats the same witch that will be attending the "breakfast." It was a chick  in a black hat and cape. No relation to the wicked witch what so ever. We never did go to get our breakfast. For our daughters enjoyment and to at least feel as if I didn't get ripped off, we returned for a 2nd visit and were equally disappointed. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because it entertains my daughter and some of the things exibited have a lot of potential. BTW- It looks better in pictures.
We took our 2.5 year old son to the Miami Children's Museum on a recent visit, and had a complete blast. It reminded us very much of the Discovery Museum in Marin, California - but with a lot more corporate sponsorship evident. If you are not familiar with a "Children's Museum" just think of them as interactive exhibits designed to engage kids in educational play. The MCM is pretty toddler and pre-school facing, and seven years old is probably at the upper end of the age spectrum for the exhibits, but not the educational programming we saw taking place. The building itself is a haven from the heat of Miami: more than two stories high, and loaded with plenty of exhibits. If you only have one day to visit the MCM, plan on spending at least four hours and BRING YOUR OWN LUNCH. We went planning on getting a nice lunch at their cafe only to discover the only food was a Subway. Bummer. The exhibits were AWESOME. In a span of a few hours our son fished off of the bow of a boat, shopped at a market, made his own money at the bank, "drove" a fire truck, "rode" a police motorcycle, helped dogs into a kennel at the vet, drove a model boat, loaded cargo on to a ship, and played/mixed music in a studio. There was also a Dr. Suess exhibit that was incredible, with lots to read for the adults (including original rough drafts of some of the books I learned to read on), a large model of the train from Green Eggs & Ham, and much more. Not sure how long Suess is going to be there, but if you're in town for the holidays check it out. We didn't manage to get through the whole museum in the four+ hours we were there. We didn't touch the enclosed playground, and we didn't make any art. If we lived in Miami we'd be members! The only drawback to the MCM was the insane amount of corporate sponsorship *everywhere*. It was so bad I took pictures of it just to post here (see photos section!). MCM loses a star for the overabundance of corporate branding, and the pathetic choice for food. Hey, whatever you have to do to pay the rent, I suppose. We certainly enjoyed ourselves, and I know our son will enjoy for the next four+ years as well. Just next time we'll be sure to bring our own food. You'd be wise to do the same.
My two boys love going to the Children's Museum. We are members and I thought they would be tired of it by now but they still love to go. Plenty of things to. Weekends can be the best time because the crowds seem to be less. My criticisms are that the SUBWAY sandwich connected to the museum is always dirty. Tables and floors are awful. A better outside eating area would help. Also wish they would change the exhibits a bit more often. Some of the permanent exhibits could use some cleaning and updating. The dentist and veterinarian exhibits are in the worst shape. All and all it is worth the family membership and a good kids activity to do even just for a few hours.
It's hotter than Kenya out. The kids want to get out and play. What's a mom supposed to do? Take the tots to Miami Children's Museum (yay, AC!), that's what. I took my 3-year-old daughter and 8-month-old son there on Saturday and it was a hit. My daughter took a huge liking to the faux Publix and my crawler went bananas in the padded room. So if you're stuck inside and the kids are crawling at the walls, this is the spot.
My little guy loves visiting MCM. He has a blast exploring all the different areas. His favorite area is the arts and crafts room. He always enjoys sitting down and participating in whatever art project they have going on. The attendants are always friendly and sweet with him. From rock climbing, to dressing up like firemen, to exploring the rotating exhibits, there are always a ton of different things to do and see. Also love that they have an onsite Subway. Can always stop to have lunch and then head back in for some more fun. You have to pay for parking, which with admission and lunch can add up but it is definitely worth it to see the big smiles from the little ones.
This place is awesome! My daughter loved it. It is all hands on activitied, and educational. They have a mini publix where kids can shop, and a registar that really rings up prices. Also a huge slide. A fire station with fireman wear and a pole. A vet clinic with scrubs. A music room where you can record songs. Art station where you can color and glue materials together. A construction sight where you can knock down buildings and stack blocks. Also a hospital with scrubs, crutches, and medical instruments. plus many more. Also every hour they have activites in the auditorium. Tickets are good price. Parking is a dollar per hour.  There is a subway, and fift shop there. Tips would be get there eaely. Also located around is hand sanitizer. I would use that often.
Fee w library connects. I've come here maybe 5 times with some clients who brings his kids here. They are 2 & 3 years old. They love it. Any older and it gets not so exciting. They had a pirate area but they closed it down and they seem to be making a Olympic games area now. Bet it'll be fun for a bit. Not bad especially if it's free.
Amazing use of space for kids of all ages.  Perfect for hot summer days. Summer camps are offered here as well as preschool. Subway and gift shop inside. private parking lot. Only problem right now is construction in surrounding area. Not too bad, just be patient.
Great place to take the kids by the way every last Friday of the month it's FREE! yea you can't go wrong with that it does get packed with people but a little patience and you will enjoy the day with your kids Great place to have they're imagination go wild
Our grandchildren, ages 4, 5, 7, and 10, all had a great day here. Each exhibit was educational as well as fun. All had hands on  opportunities for learning life skills .Very much worth the cost.
This is a decent place to go after suffering from the summer heat at Jungle Island. Many of the exhibits were a little too much for my 22-month-old, especially with a lot of the older kids frenetically running around and being loud. Fortunately, we found a little room off the cruise ship exhibit for children under 1. Perfect for my 8-month-old! It was quiet and peaceful, with sections for crawlers and cruisers. There was even a locked nursing/breastfeeding room next to the crawling section; if you needed to use it, you'd have to get an employee to unlock it. I didn't need to use it, but it was definitely nice to have the option of a private place for BFing.
Just do yourself and your children a favor: Don't go! Honestly, I am a positive minded-person and I adore my child but the Miami Children "Museum" is just an atrocious place. First and foremost, it has nothing to do with a museum. It is a series of terribly ill-conceived loudly sponsored weak play areas. Most of them are either broken or dirty and all of them are simply a bore. Do yourself and your family a huge favor and go to: the Metro Zoo, the beach, the science museum, or to any of the dozens of great kids park in Miami and you will be happier, healthier and richer for it.
Great place to bring the kids, the dinosaur exhibit was awesome!
My 6 years old daughter And my one year old baby loved it!
Brought my friend here during a rainy weekend. He has 2 kids that were stuck in the hotel with cabin fever. They liked most of the displays but the 6 year old had a much better time than the 10 year old. I couldn't believe the blatant solicitations on all of the exhibits: Carnival Cruise Lines, Publix, etc. Shameful
It's for the kids. I took my nephew and niece, and they had a blast. Something they'll probably always remember.
We took our 3 year old kid here on a lazy Saturday and fell in love with the place instantly. There are plenty of activities to keep kids entertained and engaged. As some reviewers have noticed some of the play areas could use a little maintenance, but the overall quality of the installations is very good considering the huge amount of kids that go there. (I mean, compared to Chuck E Cheese this is the Versailles Palace!) We bought the annual pass and did our son's birthday party there. The birthday party itself is worthy of another review and is the main reason why I'm giving them five stars. They really went the extra mile to ensure our satisfaction and our guests really enjoyed the experience. Really recommended if you like to spend time with you child and enjoy watching him/her play. Be prepare for the place to be a little crowded on weekends and bring your walking shoes.
We took our 3 year old kid here on a lazy Saturday and fell in love with the place instantly. There are plenty of activities to keep kids entertained and engaged. As some reviewers have noticed some of the play areas could use a little maintenance, but the overall quality of the installations is very good considering the huge amount of kids that go there. (I mean, compared to Chuck E Cheese this is the Versailles Palace!) We bought the annual pass and did our son's birthday party there. The birthday party itself is worthy of another review and is the main reason why I'm giving them five stars. They really went the extra mile to ensure our satisfaction and our guests really enjoyed the experience. Really recommended if you like to spend time with you child and enjoy watching him/her play. Be prepare for the place to be a little crowded on weekends and bring your walking shoes.
This place is perfect for kids. While I've never actually done a full tour, I've passed plenty of cool-looking things to climb on, touch, see and whatnot on my zip through to the baby music class. On top of being a museum, they also offer the most fun music class for small children. My daughter can't get enough. And sometimes she smiles so big I think her face might actually explode. It's nice to have a fun, clean, educational facility for kids in the neighborhood.
This place is a lot of fun!  Very interactive!  There are a lot of really cool things for kiddos to do here.  A long drive for us but well worth it.  Entrance is a little pricey compared to some other places but well worth it as well.  Our little girl LOVED it! There are so many educational activities, plus a couple outdoor playgrounds, dancing, music, acting, etc.  Also tons of hands on play, a fire station, fishing, etc.  Loads of fun!  We will probably have her 2nd birthday party at the museum!! :)
Nice and stimulating but definitely for pre-school aged children.  It felt more like a indoor play space than a musuem. We breezed through in less than an hour.  Not much for my seven year old to do with so many three and four year olds taken up the fun interactive activities with their parents.  My suggestion, save your $10  per person and go on the free Friday nights sponsored by Target (every third Friday of the month).
Not your ordinary museum... I was disappointed because this "museum" was more like a Wannado City than a museum. It's a building filled with themed rooms where kids can pretend to be/do different things. But unlike WC the MCM was small, VERY messy and had NO order. We were not able to be as "hands-on" as we'd liked because a lot of things in the rooms didn't work, were missing parts, and/or were just too disorganized to even want to deal with AND since there was no order there were dozens of ROWDY kids in the same area at the same time. It made it hard to really enjoy each space. I didn't like that there were no real exhibits, special activities, or even anyone to guide or interact with the kids along the way. The few staff members I saw were guiding Summer Camp groups but even after the groups left I never saw ANY employees in ANY of the rooms. The only place that had an attendant at all times was the bounce house. On the upside, the kids have a blast and at the end of the day that's ALL that really matters. I wouldn't recommend it for older kids, though. The only thing they would probably enjoy is sliding down the firehouse pole and rock climbing. **Note: There's a small fee (like $5) to rock climb and you MUST have sneakers on. I'd return on 2 conditions: free admission and NOT during the Summmer!
This place has a lot to do and play and touch for a toddler.  We wanted out of the heat and to kill time before our flight home so we decided to try it out.  Really nice location off the the causeway that takes you into Miami Beach.  Great view of the port of Miami too.  On the expensive side, $16 pp 1 year and up!  But our little man loved it and had a great time with all the exhibits...  This place is sponsored by all sorts of corporations and their logos are everywhere.  The Carnival cruise ship is really cool as well as the little supermarket.  I'm glad we popped in to check it out, great place to say been there, done that!
I had high expectations for this museum as I brought my two nieces.  Extremely disappointed on how many exhibits were non functioning or almost broken.  Not very clean either.  I saw a few very young looking volunteers walking through museum but no staff facilitating or interacting.  The cashier in the gift shop did not say a single word to my nieces as they bought their toys other than the cost, she could not have been more disinterested. in interacting with children.  There seems to be potential for this to be a great place but it needs some attention to the equipment/displays and staff training on customer service.
multi-level establishment offering kids and everyone a fun, interactive and educational venue to enjoy and spend the day inside and w cool A/C! there is also private rooms for events, birthdays, etc. there is ample parking but it is not free so either call to pay for parking or pay at the kiosk by the parking lot... it's a bit of a walk from the parking lot to the entrance so it may be a good idea to bring a stroller... There is a gift shop by the front and also available are annual memeberships, etc. it's located across from jungle island so make it a date... If you are a BoA customer, the first saturday of every month is free! Have a great day! =)
Our family has been to several birthday parties here and the kids love it. The parties have themes (today's was a pirate theme) which are provided by the museum. You get a couple of museum assistants which take you and your guests on a tour of the museum. The museum has a lot of learning/playing stations for kids, but kids mostly like to play. Downstairs are the small children's activities -- police and firefighter; doctor and dentists; bank and supermarket stations. Today, I ventured upstairs -- port and museum stations -- where the older kids like to go. Overall, it's a great experience for kids to learn while playing.
Not bad - the United States exhibit is nice; one activity per state.  Overall relatively small compared to other children's museums like the one in Boston (where we're from) but a good rainy day activity.
This is a nice place for kids to have fun indoors.  I recently visited MCM for a bday party.  We didn't get around to exploring the museum too much since we were at the party, but they did take us to the Bob the Builder section and my son enjoyed that.  I hope to go back soon to explore the other areas mentioned in other reviews.
So I have an 18 month old and at first I didn't think he would be old enough to really enjoy the museum.  Nonetheless, I decided to give it a try.  Boy, was I wrong.  The museum is filled with hands -on, interactive activities, even for little ones.  My son absolutely loved the cruise ship and the Publix supermarket.  He also enjoyed the firetruck and the Bob the Builder exhibit.  Best of all, residents of the City of Miami Beach get half off on admission (I paid $6.00 to get in!!!!!).  My son was absolutely exhausted afterwards which is perfectly fine by me :)
The kids had a great time at this museum.  Although it didn't seem there was much to do at first, we soon realized that the playgrounds, displays and activities kept the kids busy for hours.  There was a fair number of areas that were under construction, and therefore unfortunately closed.  The dinosaur exhibit was okay, but not great.  But, the hands-on appeal of the museum for children was great!  I would recommend a visit!
I for one, thoroughly enjoyed this place when it used to be a hole in the wall, back in the day!  I loved dressing up and pretending i was some big shot reporter or banker.  I was greatly impressed when they opened up an actual museum for this generation.  We took my daughter and she was in heaven.  She went around section by section, trying on outfits, pretending to be a professional and just in her own little dream world.  I definitely think this is a great place to take your kids, as it's a great learning experience for them.  Everything is hands on and interactive, which is great!  I would totally love something like this out in broward, but hopefully, sometime soon it will!
Cute little place to take my nephew for his 2nd birthday. Glad to be indoors in the air conditioning during July. He had a great time with plenty to keep him occupied. Florida residents do get a few bucks off. Happy nephew, happy aunt!
The Children's Museum of Richmond was much better.  They have some cool exhibits, one based on the tourist,/cruise industry and ports.  Boats to drive and cranes to operate to load freight onto containers were 2 favorites.  They also had a pirate area and a map to follow for treasure.  They had a cool art area, but we ended up there too late to have many supplies to use.   Pricey at $15 per head with no AAA discount or kids' prices.
Cool little museum, great for younger kids. My 3 year old granddaughter loves it and so do we. She can spend hours in just one of the exhibits. Great to visit on a rainy days since its all indoors and nice and cool. Has a neat little area for very young toddlers where they are safe from the older children. We love the supermarket and the cruise ship and you can take some good pictures too. Easy to get to from the Causeway with an adjacent parking lot. It's open everyday and admission is $12 for Florida residents, kids under 1 are free. Not to be missed.
My kids go to the Early Childhood Institute here for school.  They do a horrible job of promoting it as almost no one is aware of the school.  Nice museum.
The positives - discounts for Florida residents....we got the tickets for 6 dollars each person!   Another positive - lots of stuff to do for the kids...cool pirate ship and fishing area for the kids.  The negatives were that many areas were messy and dirty.  Was also crowded, but that may be because it was a Saturday.  The best children's museum I have been to is Kidspace in Pasadena...they have a great outdoors area that my oldest daughter loved which included a stream/river which she could wade in.
Get a good night sleep and be ready for a day of fun at the Miami Children's Museum.  We came from Palm Beach county and it was well worth the drive and easy to get to.  My son is 3 and I think he will be a fan for many years to come!
what a cool place for kids and kids that look like adults (like me)
My family and I were pleasantly surprised when we went to Miami Childrens Museum last weekend.  We did not have to pay admission because we had Bank of America accounts and it was the first weekend of the month.  Wow, what a great deal!  Our family had a great time and definitely plan on coming back a couple of times a year.  It is a fantastic learning experience for children of all ages.
Fun for them, safe environment, and inexpensive.  They have plenty of things for the children to do, plus they do activities throughout the day for the children.  My 7 year old daughter had a blast.  There is a Subway on premise where you can get sandwiches, salads, pizza, drinks, and ice cream.  Overall, the place was very clean including the bathrooms.  The parking costs a dollar an hour which is very reasonable for the area and there was a security guard constantly going around the parking lot in a bike.
This childrens museum had mixed reviews, but I decided to take my toddler anyway.  I personally was underwhelmed, and I can only deduce that others who love it may not have a good childrens  museum to which to compare it or perhaps recently its condition has went downhill.  The pluses, to be fair, excellent merchandising in the gift shop and the eatery is a Subway (which provides healthy alternatives).  They also did a good job at designing the facility to promote Miami and the restrooms were spotless (and as a parent you know this is super important).  The minuses:  too many of the displays and props were broken or out of commission:  the entire recording studio, all the musical instruments were broken or missing their mates, the alphabet magnet sets in the art room were missing letters, one of the harbor loaders wouldn't rise to the top, one of the remote control boats was missing, only one cart was available in the Publix.  In addition, the staff was nowhere in sight, and with minimal signage I felt we were missing the intent of most of the exercises, especially in the Bob the Builder area. Finally, the childrens museums I've been to have hand sanitizer everywhere to prevent the spreading of germs--this one had none that I saw.  Parking made me laugh.  We only found the "lot" outside their front door and it was a beat up grass lot/construction area.  Broken glass on the ground.  And the kicker is they charge you to park on this beat up grass patch.  The day we went was their anniversary bash and thought they would have really  had the place in tip-top shape or at least had those "excuse the mess while we improve our facilities" signs so you knew this wasn't the norm for them.  On the other hand, it was extremely hot outside and my toddler had a blast nonetheless, so I'm glad we went.
