What a Beautiful tropical garden in Miami. I have been a member here for th e past 3 years. It's worth being a member cause if you go to the many events held here it pays for itself at the end and you get to support a great place. My favorite events are the Orchid, Chocolate, and Mango Festival.  I take my mom here and walk around and admire all the beautiful plants, trees, birds, ponds, and reptiles. They have free wheel chair rentals if you need them. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the garden. They also give tours of the grounds.
We have been to several festivals in the area as well as another gardens.  This was one of my favorite festivals as well as gardens.  My disappointment with the other gardens is it just looked like it could have been any nicely landscaped park anywhere in Florida.  There was little that was distinctive or unique.  As well, the festivals seem to have the same sort of vendors at any festival (whatever the festival type), and the corresponding activities at times don't seem very imaginative.  It seems like you are basically paying for the same experience over and over again; I usually feel a little regret when I leave.  Fairchild on the other hand had something special to offer for the festival as well as the grounds. My favorite part of the grounds was probably the butterfly gardens.  You walk carefully into an enclosed area filled magically with fluttering butterflies.  These are not your usual garden variety butterflies but bright blue butterflies, large butterflies with eyes, etc.  They are flying around everywhere like stars in the sky. The grounds were extensive.  I feel like I only touched the surface of what they had to offer.  I liked the unusual specimens that I came across.  It was also fascinating to see the tropical plants that you might see in a Northern botanical gardens out in the open, whereas up North, it might look just as lush, but be enclosed in a greenhouse.  Whereas some other Southern botanical gardens might be more boring due to a drier climate, the lawns and foliage were so lush with the Miami rains. Lastly, I enjoyed that there was obviously science and scholarly activities going on at Fairchild.  Look at their staff listing, and you will see an extensive list.  I looked through the window of one lab where I assume experiments take place.  There was talk of plant varieties that Fairchild was looking to perfect.  I love it.  I think that was what I loved the most, the depth to Fairchild.  We talked extensively with one volunteer named Dick, and his knowledge was impressive. At any rate, we bought a membership, and we will be back.  I am excited about the events upcoming in the next year.  I hear the Chocolate Festival is a favorite!!!
Having been to Miami a zillion times, I had never been to Fairchild Tropical Garden.  I shouldn't have waited so long. Warning:  at $25 it's pricey.  $12 for kids, $18 if you're 65+. You can get a $2 AAA discount.  By chance our visit coincided with the orchid show, which is apparently a big thing.  Loads of orchid enthusiasts swarmed the place and the tram wasn't running "to ensure the safety of our guests."  (Ha!  Employees were scooting all over the place in their golf carts and shooing the guests out of the way so they could get by.) Enough complaining.  The place is beautiful.  Lakes, Greenhouses.  An outdoor and an indoor butterfly garden.  Amazing cobalt-blue fish in one of the ponds.  The Madagascar garden was very cool ad I'm a sucker for desert gardens. Advice:  stick to the gardens on the west side of the grounds.  Unless you need exercise walking around the lakes isn't worth the time it takes.
South of SoBe's trendy clubs, Key Biscayne's pristine beaches, and Coconut Grove's Cocowalk fountain lies one of Miami's most under-rated and unknown  finds.  Beyond the hustle and bustle of the city, Fairchild Garden is an absolute oasis. With trees, flowers, lakes, and butterflies, a visit to Fairchild is a resplendent way to take in the beauty of nature.  Bring a book, have a picnic, or just go for a stroll.  No matter how many times I visit, I always discover something new.  Additionally, they offer rotating artist sculptures throughout the grounds, and plenty of other activities to engage the local community, like movie nights and photography classes.  If that weren't enough, they also have a number of festivals throughout the year, from the Mango Festival (where it is possible to sample varietals from around the World), to an Orchid Show, and even to a dangerously delicious Chocolate festival.  Although the grounds are far less crowded on non-festival weekends, they are definitely worth muddling through the crowds to visit as well. The semi-recent addition of a butterfly conservatory added another reason to become a regular.  I just can't get enough of the magnificent creatures fluttering around the perfectly contained paradise.  Just make sure to check and double check you don't take home any hitch hikers on your way out ;) Also, I'd suggest splurging for membership.  Even a couple of visits makes it worth the cost, you're supporting a beautiful local sight, and as my accountant reminds me, hey, it's tax deductible!  Truly a Miami treasure to visit again and again.
How have I never been here before as a Miami native? My husband and I had visions and memories as though we may have gone on class field trips here as a child or perhaps we came with family at one point in time but wouldn't I really remember it as this is one of my new favorite places in Miami. We were treated to a wonderful visit here by the generous yelpers Patrick L. & Steph G. who are members and we had a great double date at the garden. We took millions upon millions of photos, almost everyone in our party had their cellphone or camera out taking snapshots of beautiful plants, palm trees, butterflies, or lizards. This was the most favorite place we adventured on my last visit home. Make sure to see: 1) the desert garden with cacti and such 2) the wishing well by Yoko Ono where you write a wish on a paper and hang it up 3) the rainbow glass like sculptures I've already forgot the artist's name 4) the wooden sculptures which are their newest contributors (add them on facebook and instagram to get updates!) 5) the rainforest tropical area lush with palms and rivers 6) the lily pond with such a great view for engagement pictures 7) the smoothie stand - such delicious and affordable mango smoothies 8) and right before you exit, take a break at the chairs by the cafe stand and check out the view of the lake So much fun for family, friends, or just yourself. And they even have photography classes. I tried to get my Dad to sign up!
Fairchild Tropical Gardens is a jewel of Miami -- particularly for those who value nature and quiet beauty as a break from (or alternative to) the wild, trendy, party-crazed personality of Miami. The design of the grounds elegant yet never detracts from the bountiful collection of tropical and sub-tropical plants. It is also meticulously maintained. It's a world-class botanical garden that can stand toe-to-toe with some of the best in the world. That said, this meticulous beauty comes at a cost: admission to the garden isn't cheap for non-members. At $25 per adult, it's approaching amusement park pricing. The memberships, while not exactly cheap either, are inclusive since you can invite quite a few people on your membership. We love going to the many festivals which they hold almost constantly -- from the mango fesitval, chocolate festival, summer music concert series and more. Honorable mentions to the wonderful new butterfly enclosure and the enclosed greenhouse paths.
I came hear a few years ago for a Mother's Day tea party. It was such an awesome experience! The upstairs terrace where we had snacks and tea with the beautiful tea sets gave a great view over the pond. Perfect place for family or girlfriends!
I love this park, so peaceful, restoring, well maintained.  Whenever you need time to regroup and go back to your essence go to Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden.  The colors, the vast green and nature will make you a stronger human being.
I work here a lot with my catering company.  This place is breathtaking.  Great for a walk or just to clear your head.  Check out the butterfly garden go get lost on their winding paths.
I had been to Butterfly World so many times the staffers practically knew me by name.  After over 20,000 photographs taken there, I was ready for an alternative or two.  One day, while there, someone mentioned this place.  Later on, someone else mentioned it.  When I heard about it the third time in a day, I got the message and planned a trip. Fight down Route 95 towards the heart of Downtown Miami.  Get off at the very end of 95.  I'll bet you never even thought 95 ended; it does, with horribly traffic clogged roads, every bit as bad as Los Angeles.  Ugh.   Turn left and all of a sudden you are in this magical tree-lined paradise.  You are not in Fairchild yet; you are in Coral Gables, an absolutely stunning neighborhood where every house is more gorgeous than the last, and every lot is enhanced by old-growth trees.  Unless you want to be depressed, don't turn on Zillow.  Minimum house prices are a shade under $1 million, and most homes are far more than that. Fairchild is spectacularly well maintained.  Enormous amounts of money are spent to keep it that way.  Thus the $25 admission fee and $75 annual pass.  Even if you are single like me, I recommend you get the $90 couple's pass.  You can bring yourself and a date.  Do that once and you've more than paid for the price difference.  Butterfly World's pass pricing is much less date-friendly. So why am I comparing a butterfly theme park with an 83 acre tropical garden?  Well, Fairchild has produced a US$4 million tropical butterfly aviary and butterfly breeding centre, all of which look suspiciously like competition for the long-running butterfly park. Unsurprisingly, when you concentrate a $4 million investment into what looks like about 1/4 acre, you get something pretty awesome.  Gorgeous Blue Morpho butterflies easily evade the lenses of countless cameras.  A burbling book runs through the facility, contributing both sight and sound to the adventure.  The facility is stunningly gorgeous and immaculate.  It was apparently built after a hurricane destroyed a previous facility, and the extra engineering effort shows as a highly impressive level of workmanship. Butterfly population density is considerably lower than Butterfly World, but there are more of the larger species.  I'd say they have considerably more Blue Morphos and Tree Nymphs (which they have named Asian Kites) and considerably fewer Piano Keys and the small species in general.  The experience is less like scuba diving with the butterflies, as it is in Butterfly World, because there are many fewer of them.  But if you want to get the nearly impossible shot of a Blue Morpho in flight, I'd say you have a significantly better chance at Fairchild. The biggest problem with Fairchild's facility is that they were not really encouraging people to linger.  Butterfly World has numerous meandering paths you can take around their giant aviary.  You are encouraged to wander around the aviary for a long time.   Fairchild, on the other hand, has a pretty straight path and a clear entrance and exit.  You are encouraged to zip through and leave in just a few minutes.  You will have a really nice time if you linger, but the design seems to subtly discourage it.  If Fairchild's butterfly aviary is ever crowded, I would expect a lot of people to be pushed in and out within 15 minutes or less, which is just not fair to the huge amount of effort that went into making the facility gorgeous. Fairchild also has an outside butterfly garden.  I was able to chase after and photograph quite a few Monarchs and other breeds.  For some reason, there were more and easier to spot butterflies in the outside garden than at Butterfly World's outdoor portion.  I suspect this is because Butterfly World has a lot more visitors per unit of area. You can go through Butterfly World in a couple of hours.  It would probably take a week or so to completely explore Fairchild.  Unfortunately, Fairchild, like Butterfly World, closes at 4:30pm.  This seems odd, since there is plenty of daylight left.  Most people seemed to be gone by 5:00, so even though I didn't see a formal mechanism to eject late-staying visitors, I'm sure it was there. So the most important advice I can give about Fairchild is to come early and prepare to spend a whole day.  If you come at 2:00 or so as I did, you won't feel good about having to leave in so little time.  As noted, I bought a membership, but I can imagine people who bought daily admission late in the day feel disappointed by the short amount of time you could spend there. I'd probably give this place 4 stars for butterflies, but 5 as a great value overal
I've been to various Botanical Gardens... the New York Botanical Garden and the San Francisco Botanical Garden. The NYBG is amazing! Over 200 acres to explore! I remember being quite impressed. Then there was the SFBG which wasn't as impressive. For some reason I felt they weren't very well maintained. And although I am a Miami native (so-to-speak), I had never made it into the FTBG! Well, I was happily quite impressed with the gardens! My sisters and I made it to the LAST free wednesday! I am quite sad they will not be doing free wednesdays any more. A tip for August: Sundays will only cost $7.50 since they are celebrating their 75 Year Anniversary. We were able to enjoy a picnic by one of the 11 lakes and later, explore on our own. At the end of the day, we hoped on the last tram tour (included with your ticket price!) which was great. We only arrived around lunch time and for that reason, couldn't see all of the park but it's SO BIG! 83 acres is a whole lot of garden to explore. I can't wait to make it back... it's a great place to spend your day appreciating the beauty of creation and our grand creator, Jehovah God. [Romans 1:20 -- For his invisible [qualities] are clearly seen from the world's creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.] This is also a wonderland for photography amateurs, enthusiasts, professionals... TONS of great photo ops!
It was a beautiful day to visit the gardens - weather was cold - 50-60s, perfect for me to bust out my coat and boots for the day and walk around with my boo. First things first - if you've never visited - cost of entrance is $25 per person - which is kinda pricy so make the most out of your visit! Also make sure to take the tram tour as it is very informative and can guide you to different sites if you want to go back, also you get more history regarding specific plants and so forth. It also leaves every hour on the hour so get there arond 15 minutes before the next tram so you don't have to wait  for it. The tram tour lasts an hour. Second: beautiful place to take photographs - lots of birds (eating lizards - good riddance), lakes, plants, sculptures from Zimbabwe, art pieces, you name it... even a crocodile (which I personally think it was an alligator but according to the tour guide it was a crocodile).  tomato or tomato Third : Butterfly garden! There is a specific area where they keep butterflies and these are so beautiful and big. They released some this morning and they just place them on your shoulder and you can watch them open up their wings and reveal the beautiful color inside that is different from the outside. There's also an area where you can see the pupas of future butterflies waiting to be hatched. Fourth - At the glasshouse cafe they have a different band that plays at 1 PM . When I went they were playing Peruvian jazz. Also, the food is amazing. My bf had their tropic soda - Habanero Lime - it would go perfect with some booze :) . Their hot sandwiches were perfect  for the cold weather - we had the turkey melt which comes with cranberry chutney and I got their black ham sandwich that comes with brie and fig marmalade. You can also pack your own lunches to bring into the garden. THere are plenty of benches all over the location Fifth - lots of goodies in the gift shop for family and friends, or just for your personal want.
Fairchild is a top place to visit when in Miami. So many locals still have not visited which if you are one of them get out there and check it out. We went this latest time to the orchid festival. Seriously the most amazing varieties of color and sizes. Fairchild is constantly holding different events and exhibitions. It's definitely worth the membership and to be included on their mail out list. When i went I lost myself  in the gorgeous scenery. The butterfly exhibit is an absolute paradise! I can't wait for my next visit.
This place is absolutely beautiful! It's a perfect way to spend a leisurely day walking through the gardens, looking at the plants, and enjoy a fresh mango or pineapple smoothie. The Sunday I went, there was a plant show with some of the best plants on display groomed (proper word?) by ammeter botanists. On top of that many exotic plants were on sale around the gardens. The butterfly area is stunning with hundreds of butterflies swarming around you. The gardens are also filled with friendly, knowledgeable staff. One thing that I wish I knew is that the cafe is very reasonably priced, and we would have eaten there if we had known that about $8 for a sandwich. The downside is that the line is very long and inefficient to order  :/ Overall this is a wonderful place to spend a day and it is worth the price of admission $25 for adults with a $2 discount for AAA members :)
Dear Fairchild, Thank you for not kicking us out when we accidentally ended up in your park.  I swear we didn't know it was illegal to come in that way.  We were bike riding through Matheson and your gate was wide open.  So I thought we could keep biking, and we didn't realize we were actually inside of your garden until we were already halfway around. But, since we were in we decided to keep going, and my love and I had an amazing time/  We were even able to bike the entire circumference of the park.  We enjoyed the trails and paths already marked in the grass, and had fun taking pictures. The floating ladybugs were the coolest, and probably my favorite feature, although the Lockness Monster was pretty cool and the Romero Britto sculptures were stunning. We caught the end of the Orchid Festival, as all of the vendors were already packing up.  But we still were able to see some of the most gorgeous flowers and plant-life ever.  We had passed a few employees, but it wasn't until we actually made our way back out the way we had come in, than an employee on a golf cart came to yell at us.  Oops.  I realize that there's a $20 fee to get in normally, which I think is definitely well worth the price. This is a romantic, beautiful and educational way to spend any gorgeous day in Miami. Thanks for the free ride Fairchild Tropical Gardens.  We'll be back as regular customers soon! Peace and Love, SabrinaAnna*
I discovered this jewel in Miami when my daughter mentioned that there was a stinky plant she learned about in school.  Seems that it opens every so many years and it smells like rotting flesh.  FANTASTIC.  So we didn't actually go at that moment, we just had fun watching on live stream video the reactions of the patrons as they got near it. Eventually we went to hang out.  lt was amazing.  Even MORE so when we went when the Chihuly exhibit opened there.  This is a MUST SEE!  The organic nature of the glass sculptures meld seamlessly with the vegetation making the gardens seemingly something from another world.  l cannot even begin to describe how beautiful the mixture of Chihuly art and nature is. A must go.. even without the exhibits.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said, amazingly beautiful and well worth the price of admission. I feel like an idiot for not having check this place out earlier. I will become a member in due time and can't wait to check out all their events. I went during the chocolate festival and that was a nice way to spend a day. Luckily, I got there really early and was able to check out the gardens for the first time while the park was relatively empty. The birds were singing, the sun was just starting to warm up the day and the plants seemed to be waking up as well and hugging the breeze. I kept thinking to myself that my Grandma would love this place and how she would want to buy everything she set her eyes on. They way they blend sculptures into the park just adds to visual feast.
I was underwhelmed.  It didn't start out that way.  It started out a torrid affair. I was enthralled with the lush entrance and took photographs for at least 20 minutes before inching further down the path. I ran my fingers over the carved initials in the trees, cursed youth and their propensity to vandalize, and then was easily distracted by blooming congea tomentosa.   We were on a roll.   And then all of sudden it just -- stopped.  The path grew wider and clear,  the butterfly garden was empty, plants became sparse, and all that was left was a long expansive, flat path lined with palm trees, the occasional pond, and a collection of sculptures. I love art and I love nature [and the sculptures were very well integrated] but the garden design transition was abrupt: we went from dense rainforest growth to nearly desert with no warning.  Unfortunately, after the initial lush encounter, the sparse, one dimensional landscape is what dominates the acreage.   Additional factors that hampered our visit were the filming of a very bad tv show that I refuse to publicize, the relentless sun [and few trees that provide shade], and the steep admission.   It's certainly an oasis from industry and car exhaust.  I could easily envision it being a phenomenal venue for festivals and assorted events.
I recently moved to the Miami area and was trying to find something to do when guests visited. After searching online I found the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden. I visited the garden on November 24 with out of town guests. We were really impressed with the gardens and size. It was fun to walk around and take pictures of the various plants and trees. The garden is large and has a variety of plants to look at. During our visit they were setting up the art for the next weekend exhibit. There was African sculptures set up throughout one area of the garden. According to someone we talked to a new restaurant (or food area) is opening next weekend December 1. Also a few exhibits will be opening that weekend too. While walking around we only saw a few locations with gnats flying around.   While here we had lunch at their Lakeside Cafe. At first we weren't sure what the food would be like since it wasn't a traditional restaurant, plus I have found food at museums and exhibits to be overpriced and usually bland. I was actually surprised and impressed at the food we received. The sandwiches we had were very good, two of us had the Black Forest Ham and Brie Panini (I highly recommend) and one had the Ruben (who also really liked it). The food was decently priced and I would eat here again, whenever I visit. Also I noticed the garden was setting up for a wedding that was mostly likely going to be in the evening. The area the reception was going to be held at looked great and overlooked the lake. I was impressed with the setup and this is something I would think about if the day comes in the future. This looked like a great place to have a wedding that isn't a typical outdoor location. The gardens are gorgeous for a wedding and a great location, with easy parking.
Fairchild Garden is a gorgeous botanical garden with a huge collection of tropical plants and trees spread over 83 acres; the property includes several long lakes, open vistas, bits of jungle, estuarys, mangrove swamps, quiet pathways, thick lawns, and is punctuated here and there with outdoor art exhibits.  Shuttle service is  provided at regular intervals, but we were here to stroll. On a somewhat blustery, overcast day this was the perfect place to let the kids run around and let off steam.  Admission was on the pricey side for non-members ($20 per adult; $10 for kids over six) but had the advantage of reducing the crowds, so we felt like we had some areas completely to ourselves. One art exhibit was obviously set up to double as a giant play structure (though too challenging for toddlers) and we spent nearly an hour there, seeing maybe 5 other people the entire time. After walking and play time with the kids we stopped by the garden cafe for lunch. The setting was pleasant and prices were extremely reasonable. I had an Asian style salad with chicken and mango for only $7.95; Very fresh and portion size was large. I appreciated the fact that they used recyclable materials for plates and silverware. On the way out we also visited the excellent gift shop. In addition to the usual t-shirts, magnets, mugs, hats, and postcards, they have an extensive book selection, a nice collection of botanical prints, fine art, vases, lamps, hangings, gardening gear, hand-crafted terrariums, and even a whole section of unique toys.  If I hadn't already completed my Christmas shopping, I would have been sorely tempted to pick up a few items. This is my third or fourth visit to Fairchild in as many years. I've never had a disappointing time yet.
$20 admission fee may be a sticker shock for some people (but it makes the $30 student annual membership seem like a bargain), but it is worth it in order to explore the immense variety of plants that grows around the world - and most of the plants are growing out in the open here in Miami. Pretty amazing, and well manicured grounds. There were a few wild animals that were possible to spot. The tram ride was informative and helpful especially if you've never been there before. Sam was informative. A CHEAPER ALTERNATIVE: Check Fruit & Spice Park in Homestead. A lot of their plants can also be found here. Their gift shop has a lot of good things.
This place has to be the most amazing garden I have ever seen in my life!!! I have taken all my family and friends to check out this place! Everything in the park is remarkably perfect!!! They offer workshops and occasionally do events for the community!
I love Fairchild Garden!  I've been a huge fan ever since the original Chihuly exhibit came to town.  At $20 admission per adult, convincing people to come along can be tough, but when you can transfer the price of your admission into a membership (and just pay the difference), how can  you go wrong?  And then it only takes 2 visits for the membership to pay for itself. While the Chihuly, Lichtenstein, and Botero exhibits are no longer installed, the garden itself offers beautiful and serene surroundings in which to wander, relax, and enjoy.  My last visit was during the annual Ramble festival, so there were tons of booths with crafts, jewelry, plants, and food.  The festivals draw quite the crowds, so be forewarned.  One of my favorites is the Mango Festival (in July, I think).  But be sure to get there early to get the best of all the yummy mango eats!!
Went to Fairchild Tropical Gardens for the first time last week for my son's Speech and debate challenge that Fairchild was hosting. This place has beautiful gardens, landscaping and ponds. The people who work whom are mostly volunteers are friendly, welcoming, I can tell that they enjoy what they do.  They have two cafes with outdoor seating, the food is somewhat pricey but it is to be expected as it is a visitor attraction. On Saturdays they have a Farmers Market which is small but nice. They offer tram tours throughout the property that take approximately 45 minutes, it is informative as the tour guide points out the different type of trees that they have in the property. The only thing that I would suggest for parents with kids is to always keep an eye on your child as they do have alligators on the lakes and No WARNING signs. But I definitely recommend going here and bring comfortable shoes as you will do a lot of walking. I forgot to mention the butterfly conservatory, to be able to be amongst these beautiful colored butterflies and have some land on me was a great experience. Also see as some actually came out of the chrysalis. OVERALL GREAT EXPERIENCE!
I'm surprised at how many native Miamians have yet to discover the beauty and splendor of this place. This is one of my favorite places to go on a random sunny afternoon for picnics, a stroll, or a little introspection and peace. I became a member a couple of years ago and I highly recommend becoming one...They have great events for members only year-round like moonlight walks and wine and cheese parties. The highlights of the year are the Chocolate Festival, Mango Festival, and Ramble.  They have exhibits, vendors, food, and music for your enjoyment.   Even though Chihuly's exhibit is no longer there, there's still a little taste of his work in the Lily Pond by the Garden House...and don't forget to stop by the hidden waterfall... VERY relaxing!
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is by far one of those most delightfully calming, restful, enjoyable places on the planet. South Florida is truly blessed to have such a place which I now understand is rated #1 Botanic Garden, not just nationally, but internationally as being the best there is in the world. I'm a repeat traveler to this wonderful setting and location, enjoying it equally as much with each and every visit. It's a near equatorial sub tropical paradise of approximately 85 acres of every imaginable assortment of plant, shrub, tree or greenery. There are subtropical as well as other flowers, a complete desert/cactus area, green housed totally tropical settings, restaurants, a gift shop, and of course acres of perfectly landscaped semi tropical areas. Another feature I find particularly enjoying is the ever changing outdoor works of art; things like giant pink snails, huge polka dot floating beach balls, giant artistically painted pumpkins and the like. One really never knows what artistic delight one might find. I might add that the tram operators are some of the most dedicated, informed, polite I have ever encountered anywhere; all real botanic enthusiasts who generously share their knowledge and their passion.
This is a Miami treasure that everybody should visit again and again.  I have been so many times, but today I went specifically to see the new butterfly garden and the Chapungu: Custom and Legend, A Culture in Stone exhibit. This was probably the best butterfly garden I have ever seen. Fairchild did a fantastic job on it.  Before you go in, they hand you a big sheet with the many, many varieties of butterflies that are in the garden; each one is more beautiful than the next and volunteers are all over to answer any questions, and they are very knowledgable.  There is a room with a glass wall where you can actually see the butterflies hatch (or emerge from a cocoon - or whatever it is they do!).  A couple times a day, they bring out more butterflies and release them into the garden.  If you are lucky enough to be there at that time, they let the butterflies get on your hand or arm - it's really cool and kids LOVE that.  There are also hummingbirds in the garden - you have to be quick to see them as they dart all around. Besides all the amazing butterflies, there are also orchids and a huge variety of plants.  It is truly amazing.  After you are done, stop in to the air-conditioned cafe and have lunch.  It's a beautiful place (I had a delicious veggie burger), and you sit and eat while watching all the butterflies through a glass window. The butterfly garden is not the only aspect of Fairchild; it's a huge, beautiful place that is just wonderful to walk around.  But, today, I am only commenting on the butterflies and Chapungu. Chapungu were these beautiful stone creations that are really indescrible (I will attach photos, but they don't do them justice).  They were positively beautiful.  After you walk through the exhibit, you can watch the artists hammering their beautiful creations out of stone - it's fun to watch their masterpieces in the making. If you get tired of walking around, you can hop on a tram and get a guided tour.  I enjoyed my day at Fairchild, as I always do.
The gardens at Fairchild are large enough to enjoy several times a year; each month, different plants are in bloom. I recommend taking out of town guests so they can see the fantastic plants and fruits that bloom in our unique ecosystem. Locals, consider joining. Membership at FTBG is a one way ticket to a year of fun filled events for the entire family. The Chocolate Fest, Mango Fest, and Orchid Fest are three of the most popular, but there are dozens of smaller events throughout the year, including dog-friendly days, cooking and growing demonstrations, lectures, performances, plant sales, and last weekend's Edible Garden, where homemade scarecrows were on display alongside a row of beer vendors offering free samples. The drive to FTBG is gorgeous and there are grills out front. The gift shop has plenty of surprising, charming items which are great for the holidays. Currently under construction is the new Fairchild Science Village! I can't get enough of this lovely, tropical, historic landmark.
I know absolutely nothing about plants and trees and all that goodness... but I spent an ENTIRE day wandering around Fairchild! The grounds are pristine and you can tell they put a lot of time and effort into maintaining it. I made a solo trip out here on a day off, brought along my DSLR and had a wonderful time. I took the tram tour when I first got there, which was a nice, quick way to get acquainted with the layout of the entire place (it's huge!). Afterwards, I walked around and soaked it all in. One of the highlights of my trip there had to be the butterfly garden- WOW. They were very active when I walked in, and they had what looked like thousands of butterflies in the enclosure, and they would surround people as they walked over the bridge and on the pathway. Another thing I liked about Fairchild were the number of volunteers they had throughout the garden that were all so happy to be there. Everyone I encountered was extremely friendly!
The developed section is truly amazing. The back section, a bit underwhelming. However, I'm not saying they should race to develop everything. I heard somewhere that they have only developed something like 10% of the land they own. I think that is wonderful. But maybe don't include that as part of the tour. The tropical rain forest path, the butterfly garden, all of the older section is really beautiful. I just could have done without the wide open grass and pond section that looked like it could have been the Sahara section of Bush Gardens sans animals. Tip**  The main visitor entrance isn't the one that faces Old Culter. You need to wait till you see the green street sign telling you where to park, and then veer to the right (left is additional Matheson Hammock Parking).
I've been a member here for a couple years. While I typically go to a couple of the festivals every year (usually the Orchid and Mango festivals), I also come here several times a year for no reason at all. Most non-festival days are relatively uncrowded, so I feel that I have my own private paradise. It is one of the more peaceful places in the Miami area. I've spread out a towel down by the "Keys Habitat" section in the soft grass and spent the day studying for exams. Sometimes I sit on a bench for a while and enjoy the silence. Sometimes I walk around and marvel at all the plants that would get you quite high were you to ingest them. Sometimes I gawk at the baobab tree (doesn't everybody?) Sometimes on hot days I just mill around the rain forest section for the comparatively cool air. Sometimes I gaze into the dark little pool where float the most enormous lily pads I've ever seen, wondering where the frogs are, though I've never actually seen a frog resting on a lily pad of any size. I will return time and time again.....one day I will see a frog on a lily pad, I just know it.
Zen attitude, something close to paradise, hidden oasis in South Florida, a temple of relaxation... many words can qualify Fairchild gardens and all involved a true peace of mind. What I miss most here in Florida is nature. The quality of the air blowing in the trees, the sounds of the wind and birds chirping around... it really makes life more pleasant than hearing  the cars honking in the street. The garden is huge and very nice. I had a date there which I think is so romantic :) There are many varieties of palm trees, flowers, cactus, and it's great to learn about them walking during the afternoon or at sunset. Maybe it's a bit too big, or least the area with the small lakes, but it makes a great place for a family picnic or some romantic event. There are some fantastic pieces of art around the park so hurry there and try to find them.
Finally made it to Fairchild during the 19th Annual Mango Festival! It was crowded and rainy and we got lost a few times, so I don't think I got to take advantage of all that these gardens have to offer. The boyfriend and I decided that since we are Miami residents, it was better to invest in the Associate Plus membership* for $85 (one year) so we can come back for free whenever we want (including special events) instead of spending $50 for one time admission. The membership* also includes free or reduced admission to hundreds of other gardens and museums around the country. I can't wait to come back for the full Fairchild experience! [*More info on membership here: fairchildgarden.org/howy…
Easter Sunday.  Holiest of Sunday's and the one day a year that is a MUST to spend with the family.  And when your family is the size of a small army, nothing short of a nice brunch venue is the way to go.   The Easter brunch at Fairchild Tropical Gardens has a nice variety of foods ranging from breakfast fare including an omelet station and hot lunch fare including roast beef, lamb, and turkey carving stations, salad bar, and some other goodies in between.  The quick and attentive catering staff ensures that your glass is always full with any of the unlimited mimosas, champaign, lemonade, OJ or sodas.  And coffee And tea, of course.   Afterward, you can walk off the feast amidst the lovely gardens or if you're lazy like my family, take the tram to tour the grounds.   Highly recommend making reservations if you go.
I just got back from the Chocolate Festival at Fairchild and what a treat! Fairchild Gardens is such a beautiful place. I kinda wanted to just sit in front of the water and meditate; it was that peaceful! This is a great place for a date, for the kids/family, or if you just want to get away from everything and everyone you know and take a stroll to clear your thoughts. Really, there are parts in this garden that are quite breathtaking. I wanted to lose myself here. The staff are so sweet and helpful should you have any questions. I am really considering becoming a member because I fully plan on going there a few times a month. It's now one of my favorite places in Miami!
Fairchild Gardens, I have finally discovered you!! My bf, his sis, and I all went on the last day of the free Sundays deal in August. It was well worth it! Yes, it was hot. Yes, it was HELL to park. Yes, I almost had the life sucked out of me by mosquitoes. Oh, and not to mention the ant that tried to bite off my toe. But I didn't care! This was a GREAT way to experience this place. It's pretty pricey if you go without any deals. I really really liked the rain forest section. My god! It was beautiful. Really made you feel like you were in a rain forest. There was a log with mushrooms of all sizes on it in the middle, wow. Incredible. I also really liked the butterfly garden and the sunken garden. The sunken garden especially. Really amazing. Oh and the art in the middle of the park. Really cool! There were areas that were underwhelming, which is why I could not give it five stars. But I really did enjoy it overall.   Best part of the experience; some kiddie telling his dad "Can we come back in the winter? It's too hot now". Priceless.
This 83-acre botanical garden (with 11 lakes) is spectacular. It's like walking into a kaleidoscope of naturally-occurring colors and shapes. Fairchild is peaceful, stunningly beautiful, scientifically intriguing, and artistically hip. In the past year, the garden has featured outdoor sculpture exhibitions of work by Chihuly, Lichtenstein, and Botero, and big beautiful Floridian iguanas are usually on view as well . There's a chocolate festival, a mango festival, an orchid festival, and even one day a year when you can bring your dog (September 14 this year). True, the $20 admission may feel steep. It gave me pause before I went for the first time, but once I stepped inside, I knew it was money well spent. In fact, the second time I visited, I purchased a friends & family membership so I can bring out-of-town guests.
This is a gorgeous place to visit in the NOT summer months. The volunteers who run the tram tours are terribly knowledgeable and very friendly. I think my favorite part about this garden is how quiet it is. Miami can be a cacophonous hell hole full of fake everything and rude people. Fairchild is an oasis away from all that. If you don't come for the beauty of the flowers and plants, it's worth it to come just for the peace and quite. P.S. If you come in summer don't wear dark colors, the mosquitos will eat you alive. Better yet, just don't come in the summer.
Dear Coral Gables, Thank you so much for Fairchild Tropical Gardens!!! This place is a slice of heaven away from the typical  city hustle and bustle, stress and traffic jams! It's peaceful and I feel like I'm not in Miami when I come here! It's Off Old Cutler Rd, this neighboorhood is beautiful and one of a kind! We decided to go for the Yearly Ramble Festival.... where they sell plants, flowers, soaps, antiques, and food. Admission is $25.00 but theres a $2.00 off coupon on the website.....,. Students get  a yearly membership for only  $30.00 which is a great deal being that admission is a steep  $25.00! It, Was a perfect day we explored the gardens, saw some snapper turtles, fish, birds, one racoon, a squirrel and a beautiful blue heron. There is a great walking path so we explored the area and enjoyed the serene relaxing atmosphere. Perfect to go on a cool afternoon. I ended up buying bought a awesome little bonsai tree, great addition to the kitchenl!!! The Ramble was a great festival, good to come as a couple, single or family. Parking is free....perk!! Yelpers: It's good to come to just get away and forget about the city life. Stress free ,hastle free, drama free! I felt like doing some mediations or yoga along the path with the little river... it was a zen filled... tranquil oasis! My type of place! A little piece of heaven in the Magic City. I'll def make it to the mango and chocolate festivals!!! Thanks Fairchild!! Love, SK
I love Earth Day and I love Fairchild! Fairchild is one of those Miami landmarks I try to visit at least once a year. I honestly didn't go more often because its a bit pricey at $20 for admission. But this year, in the spirit of Earth Day, the garden offered 50 percent off memberships so I went ahead and purchased the associate plus, good for myself and a guest for up to a year for $42.50 -- ca-shing! Fairchild is amazing, it instantly relaxes me and is even a pleasure to get there. The drive down old cutler with the sun trickling out through the canopy and admiring homes I can't afford on either side almost makes me feel like I'm on vacation, only better because, guess what, I live here! Once inside there's tons to do, the tram tour is fun for newbies, the various festivals are great, some of my favorite spots are the rain forest, greenhouse, the lily pond is beautiful too and the occasional art is fantastic. Through the years I've been to several of the festivals and all are fun, but this past Saturday mom and I headed to the food festival and plant sale. We had a lovely day, taking in the vendors and enjoying fresh picked roasted corn (with butter of course) as we sat on a bench taking in the view. Looking forward to "escaping" the city with some random days in the garden this year. =)
I can't believe that I have yet to write a review for Fairchild! At the moment I am returning from a wonderful night of listening to Carl Hiaasen speak there, but I have been a member of Fairchild for over a year and have to tell you that the membership is absolutely worthwhile. Between the Mango Festival, the Chocolate and Coffee Festival and just plain ol' gorgeous days from November-April that I have come here to enjoy the garden my membership has more than paid for itself. If you have yet to check out Fairchild, it is a must see. If you have been to Fairchild and are not yet a member, what are you waiting for?!?
This is the cutest garden with lots of decorative details as you walk through the garden. The first garden I've been to that had all the butterflies literally fluttering throughout the garden and not trapped in one room. The plants and trees are so vibrant. I would definitely want to come here again. The only fall back is that you better not stay still or the mass misquotes will get you.
If you are into plants, trees,or palms the world renowned Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is a can't miss if you are in the Miami area. I have never paid retail to get in (I have attend 3 plant/tree conferences there) so I do not know how much it costs for admission; I do know that they sell memberships. Check their web site for more information. Each time I attend a conference my colleague and I skip out on the last session to take a brief tour of the garden. At 83 acres their is no way we can see every thing in an about an hour. Since we are limited by time we try to tour a different section each time we go; always walking through the popular Rain Forest section. This time we took the "long" walk around the lake to see the palm collection; which are some of my favorites. What can I say I am from PALM Beach County. Don't miss the green house filled with orchids and other tropical plants; also keep an eye out for the semi-recent addition of large art pieces scattered throughout and the Dale Chihuly blown glass art . I challenge you to find one of my favorite trees; the Rainbow Eucalyptus; named for it's colorful bark. Their are a couple; my favorite is the one that is 40-50 feet tall. There is also a small cafe with a seating area that sells water, soda, sandwiches and wraps at reasonable prices. I recommend the "Black and Blue" wrap (roast beef and blue cheese). Please remember that this is MIAMI...... It is hot....very, very hot; even in late October. Bring sunscreen and water; you will sweat, you may get bitten by ants and/or mosquitoes. Some plants have vicious thorns, some smell like rotting flesh if any of this is not for you I suggest you stay indoors. Miami has many wonderful malls. If you do go take the time to marvel at the fabulous plants in the collection. You will not be disappointed.
It is always a pleasure to enjoy this beautiful garden. Lot of different food and lot of sweet to satisfy everybody!
If you can appreciate the beauty of greenery and gorgeous flowers you must visit this place. Come on your bike and its $5 off your admission =) My love for butterflies and gardens grew when I came here. They offer a guided tour on board a tram which takes you everywhere. The tour guide was really helpful but a bit annoyed because the speaker system wasnt working properly. The snafu eventually fixed itself and everything was hunky dory again. I ventured to their little lunch truck situated in front of the pond..what a view..how tranquil. I got me a turkey sandwich with manchego cheese and pineapple spread. Heaven! Their gift shop has some of the cutest little stuff. I actually found the soy candles I was looking for from soy delicious (try the tahitian orchid & the pineapple scents)
I spent several wonderful hours exploring the gardens on a hot, steamy, muggy summer morning. This place is STUNNING. You will instantly feel like you've been teleported to central or south America.. well, actually that can be said of most places in Miami.  :)  But what I mean is that most of the plants and trees and such are actually from central and south America. Very very very very cool to see all in one beautiful place! I went on the 4th of July in 2010 and it was super crowded (it was free). However this place is massive so it really doesn't matter. You will enjoy yourself no matter what. The admission fee is quite steep but I would say it is worth it simply because it is so unique. The upkeep on this place cannot be cheap so the price makes sense.  I can't stress enough how gorgeous the grounds are! This is for sure a must-see.
A unique botanical garden with a lot of varieties in plants and sculptures. We took the tram tour operated by volunteers. The 45-minutes tour gave us a highlight of the garden and some funny facts about these living creatures. Feb was the perfect timing to visit this garden. Nice to walk around without sweating. Staff were very friendly and picked up everyone when the garden was about to close. It is a very nice garden but will be nicer if you pick the right time to go.
This is a good place to go if you've never seen a palm tree in your life or you like looking at palm trees from all over the world. I only thought it was ok. Drive was kind of long to get there . Tram tour was informative. I did that for about an hour and left.
Fairchild is a beautiful oasis...a lush, tropical garden with lovely flowers! A great place to picnic and take the family!  There are tons of trees that provide a  refreshing shade!  The winding pathways lead to serene lakes and the gardens are dotted by saurated colors of hibiscus in full bloom. Every year I go to the Chocolate festival!  Also, Fairchild provides movie nights on the green where you can picnic and watch movies under stars. I only wish Fairchild was free!
LOVE LOVE this garden! TONS of stuff to see here but it is pricey if you don't go on a day where they have free admission. So check their website for events! I have done yoga here free once. They also have a tram tour that will take you around the whole garden with a narrator that will educate you on its history. OH, summer time TONS TONS of mosquitoes so bring insect repellent! Or you have to buy one there 5$ for a small spray.
Fairchild Tropical Botanic Gardens is the rock star of Botanical Gardens! A hidden oasis of green pastures, exotic and rare flowers, and the workplace to some of the friendliest staff members you will ever meet! I volunteered here as an art mentor again for the Fairchild Challenge Last Saturday and was paired with about 20 first to fifth graders in teaching them how to improve their art! "Pay attention to proportions".......... "Mix and match colors"............. "Focus on lighting"......... "Zoom into the details".......... "HAVE FUN!!!!" And it was honestly the most fun I have had in a while because I got to spend time with really fun kids in finishing their art projects, worked with Fairchild's fun and supportive staff, and got to spend time in nature. Thank you Fairchild for this wonderful experience! Five stars to Alison Walker, Mary Keppler, and Diana Pena for organizing such a marvelous event!
Wow, lovely!   A perfect afternoon date or family spot.   Really nice to teach kids about some of the wonders of nature!
Prepare your eyeballs for a feast of foliagic proportions! The Mango Festival brought me to the Fairchild for the first time last weekend, and on the way out I completed the cost to become members. We bought a baby mango tree named Fil (short for San Filipe to keep him attached to his cuban roots), and the volunteers were really pretty knowledgable about the plants and were helpful in choosing the right one. All the plants are $35 each and there were about 10 different kinds from all around the world. The Mango Festival was $25/p/non-member, and we were 2, so for an extra $35 on the way out of the gardens we were able to become full time members and get in to future events for free or for cheaper than usual. Definitely worth the money!
Great things to see, very educational and fun, and plenty of variety of exotic plants, as well as butterflies.  Keep your eyes open for reduced admission days in the summer, I was able to get in for about $8, which made it very reasonable.  Otherwise, be prepared to pay a pretty penny.  They have mango festivals and other events like a chocolate festival.  I recommend taking the tram, not just because it is cooler than walking, but also educational.  There is a cafeteria on site if you're hungry, which is a nice change from the usual junk food alternatives at parks.
Taking a stroll through Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is always fun and relaxing  -- there's plenty of vibrant flowers and lush greens to oooOoh and AaaaAh at. I went to their annual mango festival and the mangoes definitely took backseat to the gorg scenery. If you live in Miami, you must check out Fairchild at least once!
Beautiful place! The gardens were huge and really amazing. The only problem was that it was almost 100 degrees in Miami and we were all dying. I recommend going in the "colder" weather but other than that it was a great place to spend the day.
This is a beautiful garden, so serene and calm and the breeze of the wind is great especially when your taking the tram. I like it and I love the blow glass, I forgot what its called sorry. Lots of lizards walking around, oh and the butterflies never actually got to be so up close to one like this place. It was great. Never knew so many different types of palm trees and for the first time I saw a lily pond which was beautiful. If your traveling on public transportation I warn you there is a long bike/walk ahead of you. Especially in the killer heat I recommend you pack some water with you and wear something comfortable. On the bright side you get discount tickets for going eco-friendly. I wish to attend next time around for the mango festival which I wanted to go but was not around at that time.
Absolutely love these gardens!! From the lily pond to the cactus garden... the small cafe to the beautiful limestone welcome center... I can't say enough amazing things about this garden!! Bring your camera... the butterfly garden is always buzzing and don't miss the greenhouses, housing rare plants and rare fruits!! If there is a visiting artist, the garden can get busy (definitely if Dale Chihuly is in town!). Usually, you can catch a ride on the tram with lots of room to yourself. If you are more into walking, the is LOTS of walking to be done! From the rain forest to the lowlands... you will not be disappointed!! I am originally from Miami and make sure to visit the gardens every time I come to town. I love the tram tour... and always get off the tram for lunch at the cafe! Save time to shop the visitors center (also the entrance/exit) for some fabulous tropical goodies and some fantastic cookbooks!! If you live in Miami, go for one of their festivals... the chocolate festival, rare plant sales, butterfly days, or the annual Ramble. Many local artisans and delicious food!! FTG is also a conservatory, so all the money you spend helps them protect, grow, and  flourish rare tropical plant life. This place is one of a kind... ENJOY your visit!!
After spending an afternoon here, I totally get why Alice was all, "Whatever, Queen of Hearts. I do what I want! I don't care that I busted into your happy home. This isht here is the hotness and I'm taking over!" Was Alice a pilgrim? #themoreyouknow In any event, if FTBG doesn't make you twirl around like Winona Ryder in Edward Scissorhands, you're doing it wrong. Magnificent. Overwhelming. Captivating. I know a lot of people tend to come here with someone else. I would recommend coming by yourself or, at least, walking the trails by yourself. There's so much to see, ponder, photograph, and experience, I think it makes the most sense to do it at your own pace and have an authentic (to you) experience without having anyone else to chime in. We're much too plugged in, accessible and busy. I happily turned my phone off as soon as I walked into the gardens. Enjoy the silence. Peace, be still. While entrance is, understandably, expensive, the gardens do offer many free days (please consider a donation if attending during one of them; as my former sugar mama discovered, beauty ain't cheap!) so there's less of an excuse to not indulge in a day of fancy and whimsy in the Gables. While here, I like to pretend that I am touring the grounds of my tropical estate. One day (after I have crushed all with my iron fist), I shall do just that. But, for now, I will simply get some practice in at FTBG. I'm in decent enough shape that I didn't have to take the tram tour. If you can walk, I recommend doing so. You miss a lot when you zoom past things. The tram can't go up all the walkways, nor can it enter the lush denseness of the rain forest. If you've already committed to coming here and are physically able, you owe it to yourself to investigate everything. I promise you'll be transported to a world that will make you question the proximity of go-go dancers, bottle service and rampant dog poop. Whilst walking around Center Lake (be sure to take a map and explore the waterways; I found them as exciting as the plant life) and looking at the Jewels of the Caribbean installation, I had to question whether or not I was still in Miami-Dade. It's just so... unlike so much of the area. Uplifting. Thrilling. Gorgeous. Swoon-worthy. Words cannot adequately describe what only the eyes can take in. Refill your soul and spend a day surrounded by lush beauty from around the world. It's the recharge you didn't know you needed.
Wonderful garden on 83 lush acres on the edge of town.  Yes, the admission fee is steep, but getting an annual membership is well worth it. You can take a tram tour which is really informative.  The tram makes stops all along the way allowing you to get off and explore on your own and pick up the next tram. You can even bring a blanket, some wine, and a picnic basket.  You can get off the tram tour somewhere along the way, enjoy the afternoon, and then grab the tram back when you're done.  How cool is that?! The Fairchild often hosts festivals and social soirees.  With a membership, some of the functions are free, or at least discounted. My favorite species in the garden:  that would be the Baobab tree.
I just got back from the Mango festival.  When we arrived we started things off with a mango martini.  I was hoping it would be made with some fresh mango, but it was made with a mango liqueur.  Either way, it was refreshing because it was 95 degrees out!!   I do wish they would have had a bigger food selection.  There were tents with jerk chicken and pork, a peruvian chicken tent, BBQ ribs, but that was about it.  Now, if you want to buy mangos, this is a great place for it!  They had all different varieties of mangos and mango trees for sale.  The gardens are beautiful, as always.  I'd love to come back during the winter and maybe bring a bottle of wine and have a picnic.
This is the best kept secret in Miami! Not such a secret... A little piece of heaven where you can go for beautiful walks or to read a book under a tree!  What a luxury.  I go there as often as I can.  I photograph, meditate and relax.  I choose a different view every time. I also go there to teach photography classes because it has a fantastic variety of plants.  As the sun changes I can go to different areas and find my self photographing with a beautiful light all day long.   Last week I went there and there were many people walking their dogs.
I absolutely love Fairchild's Tropical Garden. My parents are members so I exploit their membership and visit often. We come here to workout, to relax, to appreciate nature, or to enjoy any of the events that happen through the year- Mango and Chocolate festivals, Orchid Festival, Expositions, among other events. There is a tram that will take you around the park and the drive (volunteer) will explain the history of the garden. You will tour each of the sections and environments and be explained about the plants, climate, origins, etc. Really good stuff! We usually walk though. There is a long trail that goes east of the park which is very isolated, but also interesting because you can appreciate many exotic plans and cool widlife. Also, get a smoothie while you are here. They are amazing. Fresh fruit blended with water and ice. You will feel refreshed and reenergized. The Italian ice is also great. The gentleman has been there for years and is totally worth a try. By the way, food trucks usually hang out Saturdays and Sundays, and always during special events.
I went went in late September and found it to be a nice garden, though not as spectacular as others see to have implied.  It could be that I wasn't there during peak season, as the place was not that crowded and there wasn't much in bloom. I have to admit that we did see a wide variety of rare palm trees and dessert plants.  We took the tram ride (which I totally recommend, and is covered by the entry fee) -- they have knowledgeable volunteer tour guides, and it saves you from having to walk all around the park on a hot, muggy summer day.
What a beautiful spot! My friend recommended we come check this place out and we weren't disappointed. Admission is a little pricey - $25, but I feel it goes to a good cause and keeping the plants healthy. The people working and volunteering there seemed very happy. We started out with about 10 minutes of the tram tour and then got off at the first stop to get some food. We then walked around the butterfly garden behind the cafe which was awesome - tons and tons of butterflies, sheets to identify them and the plants, a hatchery with some employees/volunteers around to explain what was hatching when. After browsing the butterflies and the nearby "edible" garden (lots of fruits/vegetables growing...and lots of cute lizards running around) we hopped on the end of the tram tour, about another 20 minutes, around the lowlands. The tour guide was informative and funny and we learned interesting stuff about plant life. An employee also showed us the...seed? or something from the cycad tree which felt like animal fur, telling us "this is something most guests miss if nobody shows them!" so that was pretty neat. This place has plenty of nice walks, a hidden waterfall, etc. Definitely a nice way to spend a few hours. And oddly, no bugs!
Come early. If you like plants and long walks you'll need almost half a day to see it all.  It's a beautiful place!
This is an amazing place to visit. It is an educational and natural experience amongst the craziness in miami. They offer many educational programs for children, night events for adults, and there's always art placed throughout the huge property. This is a great place to visit alone, with a friend or partner, or with the entire family. note: also a fun place to take nature pictures because of the amazing variety of flowers, plants, and trees.
Such a pretty place! Everything is green. I live in Vegas so this place was a nice change from the glitz and glam. They provide a tour which showed us different types of plants, flowers, & trees. They have a couple of ponds, too! Serene! Wish we had something like this in this desert!
This place was pretty cool. Went here with a friend of mine and we both just loved the whole atmosphere. We spent about two hours there riding the bus, listening to the audio tour and just walking around on the paths, looking at the various plants and trees. The one tree that was most exciting is the rainbow eucalyptus tress. The bark actually changes colors as it falls off. The only downfall is that is is a little expensive. For the two of us, the bill was $40. A little high to look at exotic trees but it was worth it.
Fairchild Tropical Garden is simply amazinga unique living oasis of pure beauty. Here you will see a spectacular abundance of wildlife, plants, trees & palms in all their natural glory, set among the most outstandingly beautiful and tranquil surroundings. An ideal choice for a wonderful family day out, Fairchild has a variety of scenic paths & trails to explore, with a number of peaceful picnic areas, several of which are located beside the many tranquil lakes. The landscaping is incredible, and there are literally thousands of varieties of flowering tropical plants and palms to keep even the most avid hortuculturist happy! For around $6 you can take a guided tour through the grounds on a relaxing tram ride which lasts approx 40 minutes. There is a cafe which serves a delicious range of sandwiches, snacks & salads, some hot meals and drinks, and also an ice cream parlour opposite. Rest-rooms are here also. You will need a whole day to explore the whole park, and even then there is so much to see & take in it's virtually impossible to fully appreciate just in one visit!
This review is primarily for the Annual Chocolate Festival held here in January. I had never visited Fairchild's Tropical Botanic Garden ever before, mainly because I never thought there would any attraction for kids in a botanical garden. Well, we had the opportunity this year to attend the 3rd Annual Chocolate Festival at Fairchild this year and let me tell you I was blown away. I knew I was onto something big when I walked into a pub in South Miami on Saturday afternoon late and lots of people were talking about it so I resolved to go on the Sunday and check it out and I am so glad I did. It's a very laid back atmosphere and full of beautiful Miami people. 1. Try to get there early if you plan to go next year. The traffic from US-1 to the gardens at about 1:30p.m. on the Sunday afternoon was WOEFUL to say the least, but once inside there is sufficient parking throughout the property though you will have to walk a bit. 2. Wear comfortable shoes and clothingManolos won't cut it here ladies. You will be walking on grass, mulch and gravel paths. 3. Bring cash for vendors selling snacks, water and ice creams. 4. Bring a small packed lunch and a light blanket or towel if you like. The lines for food were long and I have two kids, one of whom doesn't eat meat. They would have been more comfortable if I had brought with us what they are familiar with. Lots of people were sprawled on the lawns just chilling. The gardens here are beautiful but I know I didn't see all of it because the place is huge. The kids were fascinated with the different fruit trees and the size and maturity of the specimens. They ran and ran along the lawns, they giggled at some of the statuary. They had fun watching chocolate getting made. They danced to the music. They ate ice creamand so did ICHOCOLATE Ice cream of course .
I can never get enough of Fairchild. Great place to relax and enjoy nature especially on a beautiful South Florida day. Love the different events they host throughout the year, My fav's are Chocolate Fest and Mango Festival which is coming up next week (Booooo yahhhhh) Yummmmmmm :-) Love in the winter when they host movie nights and you take your blanket and finger food and just kick back. (Picnic style)
Absolutely beautiful!!!! I love coming here. A great relaxing activity and opportunity to take amazing pictures in the gorgeous gardens!!!
i love this place.- between the lazing iguanas and the beautiful trees.... i love the rainbow trees. i avoid the mango festival because it gets too crowded hence detracting from my enjoyment of this loverly place.
I've been running around Miami for the last 17yrs and it wasn't until a couple of months ago that I finally got to go to Fairchild for a gig.  I think I was the last of my friends to shoot there but now I understand why it's everyone's favorite location.  The love must stem from all the varieties of plants and picturesque backgrounds cuz even though I was working outside in the blistering hot "spring" sun; I loved every minute of it.   Except of course when I decided to run through part of the rain forest and swore I could hurdle a small palm which I completely miscalculated and ended up kicking the crap out of.  The effed up part is that I thought I had owned that palm but in reality absolutely nothing happened to the plant (which was a little disheartening).  However, I did end up with three large thorns embedded in my leg.  The worst part is I didn't realize there were thorns in my shin until I touched what I thought was my torn flesh and realized it was too hard to be skin tissue.  I proceeded to pull out the thorns and instantly blood poured out of the gaping wounds... pwnage by foliage!!  The best part is since the thorns were apparently from a poisonous plant I had to clean the wounds over and over again and on my second attempt I realized there was another thorn buried in there... awesome.  So I guess the moral of the story is don't underestimate the plants at Fairchild cuz they're from all over the world and probably just as poisonous as they are rare to this habitat. Oh yeah and don't drive the golf carts on the grass or the brick walkways because you'll get yelled at - take my word for it.  :D
The entrance fee is a bit pricey at $25, I'll admit but it's so worth it. You can spend a whole day here without feeling the least bit bored. There's Butterfly World, the tram tour, native birds and lizards, plus acres of land to explore. Definitely a must-see.
Forget the South Beach glitz - Miami's greatest treasure is thoroughly au naturale. Fairchild Garden boasts the most astounding assortment of tropical flowers, fruit trees, palms and plants this side of Eden. This 83-acre equatorial oasis greets visitors with glistening pools, abundant greenery and a variety of animal life, from leatherback turtles to buff-bellied hummingbirds. You'll stroll past lilypads as large as sofa cushions and gaze upon exquisite orchids, some so ethereal they appear to float un-tethered. Discover the history of the baobab tree - a topiary so huge its hollowed insides have been used as bars, living spaces and even prisons. To beat the heat, snag a spot on the tram tour and ride through the 71-year-old landmark under the influence of a sweet breeze. You'll be left wanting to live amid the glorious flora, dwelling eternally in a tree house, Swiss Family Robinson- style. (In the spirit of full disclosure, I originally wrote this review for a contest - but it sums up so concisely my feelings about the fabulous Fairchild, I wanted to share with fellow Yelpers too :)
I have been to Fairchild on a date and I have been here to photograph private events and parties. It is a great venue for both. The staff is friendly and informative. The grounds are well kept, but be warned, it gets hot on those long stretches of pathway in the full sun. Bring a cold drink and an unbrella for extra shade or take the guided tour (big golf cart) to make things easier on yourself. Of just go during the cooler months when this place is a *really wonderful* experience.
It's a pleasant place for a picnic, and a walk for a date but at $25 cover, it's pretty pricey.  That said, the  butterfly conservatory is amazing and you can take as much time as you like to take as many photos as your instagramming heart desires.
when i need some peace from the city my first choice is always fairchild.  it's such a peaceful place located in Matheson Hammock Park.  the gardens are just amazing.  you'll find plants here you'll never see anywhere else in the US.   though i'm not one for tours usually (i like to explore on my own) i thoroughly suggest taking one of the tram tours when you first get there.  the place can be overwhelming.  the staff are mostly volunteers so you can tell they're doing what they love and they're all so knowledgeable.  you'll also cover most of the gardens if you do the tram.  then you can go off and explore on your own. even though there are several places to eat inside the gardens... a little cafe, a restaurant and an afternoon tea thingy... i highly suggest packing a picnic.  there's tables for you or you can go eat by the water on the grass (my fav).  it can be super romantic or fun if you're in a group.   in addition to all the amazing plants, there's also tons of wildlife in the gardens.  huge lizards, alligators, birds, etc.  i honestly think ANYONE would fall in-love with fairchild.  it's a good place to take kids (or just kids-at-heart) too. and afterwards, plan on leaving around dinner time and head over to red fish grill (have reservations for eating out on the patio) to eat some tasty seafood, drink wine and watch the sun set over the bay. EXTRA: the Chihuly exhibit at Fairchild is NOT to miss.  especially when they open the place during the night.  beautiful glass sculptures mixing with the organic shapes of the gardens all lit up... it's heaven on earth
Really beautiful place if a bit expensive for a just stroll if you want to do it often. If I lived closer I would get yearly pass.
Gosh I feel so bad writing this review since everyone loves this place. Which means that obviosly it's not the place it's me. The problem is that I was hoping to be amazed with this as I was with Vizcaya, but I wasn't. I was hoping to see better looking displays of flowers and tree's. But overall, it was really nice, especially being able to see all the different types of rare plants. And it's so nice to see the dedication of the volunteers who are there faithfully every week. In my opinion, been there saw it, and thats it.
Absolutely gorgeous.  Went while they had the Chihuly exhibit and it was phenomenal.  Strongly recommend!!
Great place to spend a day walking around and enjoying one of the country's premier tropical gardens. The staff at Fairchild does an exceptional job in cultivating an amazing collection of plant life and bringing it all together to make a very enjoyable space. I especially love the orchids in the Conservatory and the victoria regia water lillies.  I am eager to return on my next trip to Miami and see the butterfly garden, which I hear is fantastic. Staff are friendly, and if you live in Miami, you should seriously think about a membership, so you can visit the gardens often. Will definitely return.
This is a little escape from your everyday life.  Fairchild is a lush green place for you to relax and forget about your everyday life.  Not only does the garden showcase thousands of foliage, they also aim to protect and conserve the environment.  My favorite part about Fairchild is that they are constantly displaying sculptural art work along side the beautiful greenery.  The side by side paring of art and environment lends itself to photography you won't get to capture often.  There are also various festivals they hold at the gardens as well as art lessons in various mediums.
If you come to Miami, the gardens are a must-see. The tram tour takes you around the grounds with in-depth information about all of the different types of trees, plants, and bushes. Enjoy close encounters with butterflies, relax on benches with an excellent view, and enjoy the fact that you are helping to preserve a beautiful piece of Miami.
This place is stunning. I've been both times when they've had Chihuly's work here and it was breathtaking. The exhibit is no longer on display, but it's a lovely place to spend a leisurely Saturday or Sunday and escape the mundaneness of the suburbs.
This place is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been to. I don't know how anybody could give Fairchild Gardens less than 5 stars. After driving through a very wealthy area of Coral Gables, we arrived around 7:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning (a FREE Sunday morning at that, usually admission runs around $25.00, which I would still pay). We were almost the first people here that morning, and pretty much had the gardens to ourselves. Our visit was almost surreal. The misty, humid Florida summer morning was pretty awesome. Spiderwebs were glistening with dew, birds were chirping, and small geckos and lizards were basking in the morning sun. The variety and accumulation of different species of tropical plants is astonishing. It was a delight to be able to see this place once in a lifetime. This is a MUST-DO if you are in South Florida. I would suggest spending around 3 hours here to take all the splendor of this BEAUTIFUL place in.
Well as a new member to the Fairchild Tropical Botanical Gardens I have to recommend the place.This is a very beautiful and peaceful park. It's also very, very large. I've been twice and every time I've gone I've seen new things. My favorite part of the garden is the edible section. I really like learning about the exotic fruits that grow in Florida and it's pretty neat to try them. The first time I visited to gardens they were selling chocolate pudding fruit smoothies. Not "chocolate pudding" and "fruit smoothies", but "chocolate pudding fruit" smoothies. Yes, there is a fruit called the chocolate pudding fruit! It looks like a persimmon on the outside and chocolate pudding on the inside. It's pretty cool. Once I get my act together and get my blog up and running again there will be more info on that. Anyways, so besides Fairchild being cool for being a beautiful and quiet park it also gets some points for selling exotic fruits and for having food truck days. The reason that I'm giving Fairchild 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the price. The place is Expensive with a capital E. Most people can not afford to spend $25 per person to spend some time in a park. A family of 4 could end up spending close to $100 for a day in nature and I think that is absolutely outrageous. It is good to note that Fairchild does have some free days over the year. That is how I ended up visiting in the first place. Check their website for more information. They also offer 50% off membership on the free days.
Fairchild Tropical Gardens always seems to have something thing in bloom. And today, a festival with music, foods, decor, furniture, jewelry, plants, gardening supplies and tea time. On top of so many tropical plants, trees, flowers and orchids native to Florida, Caribbean and South American, it could be deemed an overwhelming experience. Their beautiful landscaping is quite relaxing. Also, there is so much to explore. Every visit seems to get better than the last.
Beautiful gardens!! A very large place but luckily they have a guided tram to take you around then you can go back to whatever location you would like to see in more depth. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Loved the rain forest. Also the drive up Old Cutler Rd. to get to the Garden is just breathtaking. Lots of Banyan trees and beautiful homes. If you're in the Miami area make this a stop on your list.
This place is spectacular and so underrated. If you want to truly appreciate the amazing natural beauty of Miami or just have a quiet moment to reflect on your life, come to Fairchild Garden. Walking the grounds, having a picnic, taking part in one of their many festivals is a great way to connect with nature (something people do too little of in general, and especially in Miami). You might also meet someone you like, and unlike a crowded, noisy, smokey bar, you might actually be able to talk to them too!
Fairchild is beautiful; however, they have forgotten we are in Miami. The entrance fee for the NEW YORK Botanical Gardens is $20.00.  At $25.00, Fairchild has reached rip-off status. Unfortunately, they are not alone. Many of our local attractions have become unaffordable for locals.
I absolutely love the Garden. I try to go as much as possible.  The atmosphere is amazing, it is relaxing, beautiful and there is always something to do there..
This is THE best Garden in the South Florida area if not all of Florida. I have been a member since 1995 and love to get inspired. There are the classes, the plant sales and the Ramble. Every family member who comes to visit is brought here. The history is fascinating and the science and education that is (and has been) is incredible. Just go!
From the moment you step into the welcome center, a certain feeling of relaxation hits you, and it is apparent that you have arrived at someplace very special. A variety of flowers, plants, landscapes, and even pieces of art await you outside the doors.   All and all, this is the type of place that makes you feel as if you have traveled much further away than Miami, and is a MUST visit for locals and tourists alike.
i love this place.  i wish i could come all the time (but i live in California. boo).  the gardens are huge!  and i could spend the whole day wandering around in here.  Fairchild is a member of the American Horticultural Society Reciprocal Program, so  i got in for FREE with my Los Angeles Arboretum annual pass.  JOY!   like i said, the gardens are vast.  they have a free tram tour that starts on the hour, so we hopped on and took the tram to the first stop.  the tram is slow and the docent is sweet and cute, but i wanted to walk around so we got off and trekked it through the gardens, hunting down lots of the fun sculptures.  the art in the gardens is great (they're very whimsical).   it was so fun for us to see all the native wildlife!  there were dozens of lizards running around and sunning themselves, spiders in all shapes and sizes, fish, turtles, birds... and grasshoppers!  the smallest and cutest little black and yellow baby grasshoppers!  they were scattering the grass and succulents in one part of the garden.  if you didn't look closely, you wouldn't have seen them at all.  oh, i'm so glad i had my camera!   don't forget your camera!  you'll probably find a piece of art or a pretty flower that you'd like to remember later. the gift shop is very nice too.  they have lots of garden goodies, and very nice postcards.  i got a magnet, postcards and a magnetic bookmark. the cafe / food truck on the grounds has some really good iced tea too!  stop by if you're hungry or thirsty.  they're very friendly and helpful! Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden is my favorite place in Miami!
I became a member of this beautiful place since the first time I went with my boyfriend. This place is AMAZING. You have to love being outdoors and love nature in order to appreciate all that this place has to offer. They have soooo many different species of plants which are unique. The history behind this garden is also very nice hear. Every time I come to this place I feel as if I am not in Miami anymore. They have so many beautiful scenries that you have to visit this garden more than once. They also have several different events like on Valentines day and like soon a Mango festival. If you live in Miami or even if you are visiting Miami, this is a place that is a jewel of this town.
Was here a week ago and thoroughly enjoyed it!  It's obvious there has been lots of money put into this place and it's a very peaceful place to stroll.  They have special events throughout the year, which I would check out if I lived in South Florida.  Go!
A tropical paradise with enormous scale and complexity.
I love this place!  It's so nice.  They have a tour "train" that takes you over the property. The tour guide is knowledgeable and friendly.  Overall this is a fun place and great for photography.  However you can basically see it all in an hour or so. Sometimes they have art exhibits.
I haven't been here in years but even as a kid I remember enjoying Fairchild so much.  It's a priceless experience to see what kind of variety we have in South Florida with plants.  The place is kept very clean and well taken care of.  It's especially worthwhile to come during one of the festvals.  My favorite aspect was how peaceful the Gardens were.  Excellent experience.
This is a very nice place. Take the little tram tour, it is hot and you will cover more ground if you go on the tour and see it all at once and then evaluate what you would like to see again rather than trying to traipse all around by yourself and the tour was corny and educational and I liked that. There were sculptures and attractions inside the garden like a butterfly sanctuary. It is very expensive to get in here. $25 a persona and no discounts. The gift shop is also nice but overpriced. The one attraction I really loved was this arbor thing with a wishing tree- there were tags to write your wishes on. That was not advertised heavily but it was near to then entrance and I think that was the best part of the garden for me. I also loved the rainbow eucalytus tree and the bench next to it. I like botanical gardens and this was a rather nice one- there is a lot of research going on so it felt like Biosphere in AZ a little even though most of it was outside. A really nice place to spend an afternoon outside but maybe not best to go in the heat of the day.
I lived down the street from Fairchild my entire life and have been visiting the park since before I could walk. This place is huge and absolutely gorgeous. They have a large collection of trees from all over the world and they offer many educational and recreational classes and seminars for children and adults. The park regularly features artwork from world renowned artists. The chihuli blown glass exhibit was a must see. The vivid colors made even more of an impact against the natural backdrop of the gardens meticulously maintained plants and water features. If you love nature and wildlife you must check this place out. It's a great place to birdwatch, take some photos or catch a glimpse of a Florida gator. During the week the park is usually very quiet, but when they have their yearly Ramble, festivals or plant sales they draw a huge crowd. They also have nighttime events at the park from time to time. Their Halloween parties are always a blast and the moonlit tour is a great chance to get away and relax under the stars for a few hours. They also have a tram service for folks that aren't able to walk the entire park, so everybody can enjoy the grounds. You must see this park to believe it. There is so many different areas to get lost in-to see the whole park plan on spending half the day and bring your camera!!
For original review with many nice photos, please see guiyanggal.com/2007/06/1… The garden was named after David Fairchild, whose lifelong passion was one of plant exploration, traveling all over the world searching for any and all plants which could be used for the benefit of mankind... He tracked down special herbs and other horticultural wonders of the time. His knowledge and travels brought many rare varieties of trees and tropical plants to America. Some, including mangos, dates and bamboo, which had not been heard of in this part of the world before. Yes, this is a very special place in Miami, one of the largest botanical gardens of it's kind in America. Covering 83 acres, it is a vast rainforest right in the middle of suburban sprawl, one of the highlights of our visit in Miami. Many colorful and exotic plants.
This is one of the main things is miss the most about Miami. Such a magical, beautiful and expansive place. If you're lucky, you'll see the alligator that lives in the pond!
What a beautiful space! Last Sunday was the last free Sunday and we decided to take advantage. The plants and flowers are beautiful and the trees are amazing!
Love this place.  It is serenity and heaven in South Miami.  Talk about a beautiful escape.  Cannot wait to take all the Texans here and show off our birds and plant sand beautiful art in the town.  I go and every time I go I wish I had my camera to take another landscape shot.  I learn so much and really appreciate all the hard work it takes to maintain this paradise.
This place is soooo beautiful!! I went for an exhibit a few years ago. Serene!
I wasn't  too thrill to go but what ever make my man happy.  It's was hot and the mosquito are just too over barring.  At the end when I saw those amazing photo that my bf took was worth it.  There are lots of beautiful plants and flowers.  The place is cool but pricey
The Mango festival is AMAZING! I love this B Garden!!!
It's nice and pretty but for Miami it's a drive away from everything unless you are in the area of unincorporated miami. The best part is the fruit trees but stay away from here during mid day heat.
This is by far one of the greatest accomplishments of the Miami area. This is a very well organized large scale garden of plants from around the world. If you live in the area and have never been, you've failed.
This place is so pretty!  The different plants and flowers they have here are breathtaking.  My mom has the membership so her guests go in free.  She said they got a good deal on the membership- about 40.00 for both her and my grandma together.  They have a lot of events throughout the year that I wish I would've known about earlier.  Boyfriend just bought an SLR camera so we decided to spend the afternoon capturing some photos and this place is definitely the place to go for some great shots!  Some people even brought blankets and set up their own picnic area with their kids.  Can't leave here without taking pictures with the old lady on the bench and the yeti.
Organized, clean ; The staff is friendly and helpful :: i cannot wait to be back and enjoy a beautiful day under the sun and above nature :)
Possibly in the winter months this would get 5 stars. :) We went in July on a Sunday morning; got there at 9:30am and was on 10am tram. We enjoyed the tram ride - it's a good long hour overview of all that you can see/visit. It's good to get a feel for where the shade is to walk around to too. I saw one mosquito - literally. I was there with my husband and toddler - none of us got a single bite. they warned us about mosquitos, but the sun shining down and heat from that was the only issue we had. So be sure to bring water - and bug spray just in case. Taking the tram was critical for our enjoying the gardens due to the heat/sun. We left around 11:30am. The 11am trams were much more crowded. we enjoyed the vistas and the rainforest. We are looking forward to going back in the winter. :)
I just had to write this about The Fairchild Tropical garden! It is such an island of serenity! The people working there are pleasant, professional and extremely thoughtful! Our family visits the gardens frequently. It often happens that a golf cart would go by you and an employee would offer you a ride from one to another part of the property. The train tour guides are knowledgeable and enthusiastic! If you have not taken the train ride, take it! It would give you a whole new perspective on what you have been walking by many times! We enjoy our visits and highly recommend the gardens as a place you must see! I recently got a chance to meet the Garden's director - Mr. Lewis - and now have a good explanation of why the Gardens are what they are! His professionalism, customer service focus and the sense of ownership and dedication are a great example of leadership!
i give fairchild gardens a 4.5 i love coming here to detox and destress- it's very relaxing and always enjoyable. there is such a great variety of plants and trees all beautiful and unique. my ultimate favorite is the rainbow eucalyptus tree. it's amazing how it looks like an artist painted it's trunk in vibrant hues of lime, periwinkle, and orange- it's beautiful and quite a site to see. i love walking around the gardens and finding things i had never noticed before- every time you go there, there's something different whether it be a different exhibit or certain flowers in bloom- it's quite spectacular. i was able to go this past weekend and get myself the associate plus membership for the price of the entrance fee into the park (thanks maria a. for letting us yelpers know:) so i'm excited to go back more often and take a blanket and sit under a tree and relax. maybe a bench would be more like it, they have lots of little creatures there- crabs, iguanas, alligators, turtles, and these super cool orange and black lizards that i just love! i know, i sound like a geek- but it's just amazing to see what nature can produce! their garden cafe also offers very refreshing sandwiches, snacks, and drinks, it's a bit expensive though, especially since you had to pay $20 to get in (reason for 4.5 stars and not 5); but their food is quite good. i tried the tropical turkey sandwich and it was just delicious. it was a yummy homemade croissant, topped with fresh turkey, havarti cheese (so creamy), cucumber, microgreens, and this amazing tropical fruit relish- it was delicious! i paired that with one of their tropical sodas- fruit juice mixed with soda and cane sugar- very delicious as well. i really like it here, and have even contemplated having my future wedding here- it's that beautiful. so if you want to go get away from it all- come here and enjoy the peace and the beautiful nature- and their yummy sandwiches!
Magical.
very impressive...plus Free Admission on Sundays Aug-Sept!  (thanks Maria)  Check out the tram ride by 4 PM.
I cannot recall the first time I visited Fairchild; It just feels like it's always existed as an oasis off of Old Cutler. The variety of plants, bamboo, palms, flowers, native flora, exotic fruit and rare species is staggering. It's one of the few places in Miami where one can spend an afternoon strolling along in outdoor bliss.
I came here for solely the food trucks. I had no intention walking around the gardens and admiring it's beauty. When I finished my meal, my girlfriend and I walked throughout the gardens and took SO many pictures. This place is absolutely beautiful! Make sure you take a picture by the pond or the rainbow eucalyptus tree!
this place is so beautiful, and peaceful, so full of knowledgeable friendly staff, highly recommend the tram tour. 83 acres, 2nd largest botanic garden in the world. quite wonderful in the middle of loco miami...great to take mama, sister. date. whoever u like or even by yourself  $5 off admission on their website til 12.31 coupon here. .. fairchildgarden.org/uplo…
another favorite spot in miami. happy to visit and support the great work they have done here!
i love this place!  being new to south florida, it certainly gave me a primer in native flora.  the $25 admission is a little rich for my blood, but they often offer free days with fun activities.  i went recently on honeybee awareness day, and was delighted that they were airing "vanishing of the bees."  yes, i am little bit of a nerd.  i am dying to purchase a membership so i can experience the gardens in all different stages of bloom.
One of those places in Miami that helps you forget you live in a city!  Pack a lunch or eat there, take the train and breath in the air!
