Went last night for Thursday open mic.  It was a lot of fun.  Where else can you get great entertainment for only $5?!  I was impressed with the talent of everyone who performed.   It was hard to find in the warehouses behind the Outback, but I just looked for all the cars coming in.   They have beer and wine and some other snacks.  I was crazy hungry and the pizza place close by delivered the best pizza ever.     Cozy couches and some chairs with small tables made the place super chill and great for friends to hangout or date night.   I hate clubs and driving far, so this is perfect for me. I had tons of fun and hope to be back with more friends.
If you're looking for entertainment on a budget, have always wanted to do stand up, play an instrument and need an audience... this is your place to go. Conceived as a way to grow local artists and talent, AV now claims some of the best stand up comedians, incredible local bands, and South Florida's budding young artists. With a few couches, chairs, and a lot of heart this little enclave in the Falls Arts District will leave you with the biggest sense of community. Every week these talented troupe offers various venues for the local arts scene.  Thursdays is usually open mike night for new and continuing acts, they hold several workshops to encourage local artists, and watch out for Laugh Attack, their monthly variety show with incredible comics taking the stage. Check them out here: facebook.com/ArtisticVib…
I almost didn't want to write this updated review because I do enjoy the fact that this place is still, pretty much, undiscovered by many. After all, I am a man in his 40s that in the 1980s and 1990s, the real venues were held in warehouses. Hence, why I love coming here so much. It brings back memories of a young man long gone. Don't worry, I'm not the oldest person that comes here. Long story short, last night they had their Halloween-themed Event. I wanted to go last year but, I couldn't convince myself to go. Why? Because in reality, away from a decent internet connection, I am really a very timid individual. This was my first time EVER going to any Halloween-themed Event. The comedians were fabulous. They even had Jesus up there last night and some man in a wheelchair telling jokes. I'm still not sure if the wheelchair was part of his costume or if he is indeed Cripple. Since "Jesus" didn't perform a miracle on stage and made him do back flips, I'm guessing it was not part of a costume. But, I digress. Again, I am going to hate myself in the future for writing this review. It's not just comedy, they also have workshops with children. That being, the main reason I like them. Go on their web-site where you will be able to see what they are all about. Thursdays, is open-mic for those that want to give it a try in front of a not so large honest audience. This already is getting crowded so call in advance to save your spot. #KeepItLocal
Coming from someone who never appreciated the arts to its fullest potential, A/V doesn't only broaden your horizons to new forms of art but brings a new appreciation to the arts in Miami. You don't need to spend 100's on plays where you have to wear fancy clothes to attend a fancy smancy theater and pretend to be someone you aren't. This place isn't stuffy one bit. And the best part about it is you are learning about different "Art" cultures and not even realizing it. CHECK IT OUT its worth every penny and then some. Elizabeth :)
This venue has shows and productions that range from children to adults. I love the fact that they give people of all ages an outlet for creativity. I went to one of their monthly themed comedy shows and was blown away. They also have afterschool programs for kids, and even open mic nights for children to let our future stars shine. Simply awesome.
This is a wonderful venue for local artists and anyone that enjoys live entertainment & the best part is that it's really affordable. It's such a welcoming ,encouraging & supportive environment.  I love Artistic Vibes they make you feel like family. I have grown so much as a performer because of having a place near my house that I could go on a regular bases to practice my craft & the comfy sofas make you feel right at home. I love Artistic Vibes it's my home away from home. lol
If you're looking for entertainment on a budget, have always wanted to do stand up, play an instrument and need an audience... this is your place to go. Conceived as a way to grow local artists and talent, AV now claims some of the best stand up comedians, incredible local bands, and South Florida's budding young artists. With a few couches, chairs, and a lot of heart this little enclave in the Falls Arts District will leave you with the biggest sense of community. Thursdays is open mike and all are welcome. I rarely give reviews like this, but Quills (the resident poet and latina loudmouth) and her partner Vanessa (the most talented and amazing actress) have really made this a place where you'll end up feeling like family.
