A spectacular shot of adrenaline delivered visually. I've said it before but we need more variety and strength in our cultural offerings in order to really compete on the international scene as a global city. ok wait, I might not have said that before haha but Cirque Elioze ID was an exhilarating night if you were expecting Cirque Du Soleil due to the name you were in for a surprise this was younger, grittier, more intimate but just as captivating. I loved the Twitter interaction. I read recently that this show broke records for the Arsht. It's a testament to moving in the right direction. Bravo to Cirque Eloize and to the Arsht. There's also a rumor that they're going to return annually. Ok Ok That's just my wishful dreaming ;-)
If the Jets and the Sharks were sexy and flexible this would be their story. This performance was amazing, from the stories, scenery and performances I was on a sensory overload. For anyone who has never been to a cirque-type event this will make you a fan. The high energy sound keeps your feet moving, the bright set keeps your eyes guessing and the amazing performers keep you gasping and wondering if they will land their next death-defying move! The other thing I liked about this was listening to children seated near us. They ooohheed and ahhheed at every jump and contortion - who says you can't bring kids to the theater? Come one, come all, sit in the cheap seats (they aren't that bad) - just come see this amazing show, it will not disappoint.
Amazing acrobatics, crazy contortionists, and musclebound gymnasts - oh my!! I was lucky enough to attend the Yelp Elite event on opening night and think every Yelper around me felt the same way. What an impressive and unique experience offered up by the Cirque Éloize - iD performers!! The show was full of impressive feats of strength and grace. I will try not to give anything too specific away, but I do have to give a shout out to my favorite parts of the show. So... *spoiler alert*...  There's and amazing cyclist with extraordinary routines and they even asked a brave audience member up on stage to join in the fun. The flipped out trampoline finale made me squirm a little in my seat, but of course it was eloquently executed. I also have to admit I was crushing a bit on the juggler -- wow, he was great with his hands!! All in all a wonderful experience that can only be seen to be fully appreciated. Thank Yelp Miami & Maria for a truly special night.
Cirque Eloize - iD is another spectacular production brought to us by Cirque Du Soleil. Seeing a live feed and a twitter feed was a very entertaining touch for the crowd to keep occupied during pre-show and intermission. It laid the groundwork for what was to be a very innovative show. What is this show? This show is the streets meeting theater. Everyone is in their urban getup breakdancing their way to respectability in the local hood. This leads to high energy acrobats and dancing from the crews. Cirque opens with the classic two person balancing act. The moves pulled off by the duo were quite mesmerizing. A few other acts that were extremely enjoyable included the rollerblader, the pole climber, and the incredibly nimble contortionists, but I must congratulate Cirque for their ability to attract talent. They got Lance. Lance Armstrong made an appearance on his huffy hopping block to block and one brave volunteer, who had the look his balls would be crushed, from the crowd. I lied. It is not Lance, but even it not being him; he was quite the show with his daring moves and riding as if he was in the Tour de France. It is quite the spectacle.This is a show for everyone especially those that breathe the hip hop lifestyle.
Cirque Eloize iD is the beautiful choreography you hope to see in a Cirque show but with amazing acrobatics (the chairs!!!!), contemporary music and attitude to boot! Each "scene" of the show made me feel like I was hanging over a balcony in a neighborhood in NY, getting a peek at the goings-on of my neighbors.  This element was my favorite part about Eloize iD: the show is able to take situations about regular people and everyday things and make it something very entertaining. I loved that Eloize iD encouraged audience participation.  From the "live" twitter/text feed screens, catching people on their way in on the live cams and all the way through the artists pulling for inspiration  and encouragement from the crowd.  Made for some good laughs and the feeling that the audience was really a part of the show. Special thanks to Yelp Miami and the Arsht Center for the opportunity to enjoy this great show!
Cirque Eloize opening night: Unlike any other Cirque show I have previously attended. This one had more of a performance Broadway appeal to it and the Adrienne Arsht Center housed it nicely. The show exudes a graffiti/ street fighter/ break dancing feel to it orchestrated with high-energy electro beats. There were a few slow acts but they still kept you holding on to your seats. One thing I noticed was there were little to none costume changes or story line. If there was, I didn't catch it. The visuals were pretty amazing, especially the vortex scene and the colorful cityscape. Overall, the show was pretty spectacular. The ever-changing lighting and backdrop scenes made the show feel as if you were inside a video game. My friend's 3yr old son loved it. Kids and teenagers will like the urban street vibe and the cool dance choreography. Thanks again to YelpMiami and Maria for making it possible to attend the show tonight! :) We had a fantastic evening!
Dear Yelp Miami & Cirque Eloize iD, I am honored to have attended the Opening Night.  :)  First, let me say "Thank you Yelp Miami"! I was blown away from the moment the show began.  From incredible dance-acrobatic performances, to the contortionists, to the break dancers and the stunt guys on bikes and roller-blades, there was never a dull moment.  My 3 year old nephew came along and even he was entertained the whole time, saying to my cousin (his mom), "Mama, Spiderman, look!" The backdrop was an urban cityscape scene with changing projections from graffiti street scenes, to buildings and skyscrapers.  Unlike other Cirque shows, this was done in a sexy, metropolitan sort of way, with hi-energy music, lots of trippy projections, and fast-paced dancing and movements. The stunts, dances, and performances were spectacular!  I have to agree with Carla that my favorite were the performances on the rings.  So sexy and well choreographed!  Next favorite were the break-dancing performers and the 2 stunt guys (1 on rollerblades, the other on bike).  That was just so cool to watch!  It was a dance on wheels.  There was a cool tennis-ball-juggling performance that just blew my mind and let's not forget the guy with amazing upper body strength that did an entire performance sideways on a stripper pole thing.  He was such a fine specimen of a man - perfectly chiseled and built like David...  Teehee! It's truly an amazing experience to watch these amazing performers go outside of their own bodies to do their show.  It shows you that we really are capable of anything we train ourselves to do. What a show!  I think they may need to steal the headline of "Greatest Show on Earth", but let me not get sued...  ;-) Thank you Yelp Miami & Maria for extending to me this unforgettable experience! Blessed and grateful, SabrinaAnna*
Cirque Eloize is much different from the Cirque Du Soleil shows.  Eloize has much more movement, music, choreography, acrobatics and lots of visuals.  I was impressed of how they can make such a simple item and make it a WOW!!  How basic is a tennis ball??? who plays with tennis balls these days besides tennis players? dogs? kids... maybe?? it was as simple as a ball, a chair, a jumping rope that were some of the things that were used to perform and created a WOW factor. Much acrobatics throughout the show.  Since the team of performers is composed of 14, several of them made different excercises!! incredible how they transform in something else.  They seem to be superhuman beings!! the body is that flexible and bendable???  wow!!! Definitely a show to see!! Thanks to Yelp & Maria for a great Show!!
Cirque Eloize - iD was an awesome show. Thank you Yelp, Cirque iD and the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Elite hookup!! I've never been to another Cirque show before so I can't compare, but I was completely spellbound. I really couldn't look away as I've never seen anything like it. The performers were amazing, so talented and OMG so strong. They made these unbelievably hard tricks look effortless. As others have said the show had an urban vibe as it's set in a concrete jungle and the set itself is awesome. Always changing depending on the music or lighting. Never a dull moment. There was tons of action; trampolines, bicyclists, aerial tricks, break-dancing, etc.. but there was another side to the show with slower more sensual acts. I highly recommend Cirque Eloize. I'm tempted to go back and experience it again.
Cirque Eloize - iD is Cirque De Soleil's urban, sexy, edgy cousin. Implementing the acrobatics one has come to love from the Cirque series with modern dance, bicycles, Rollerblades, and a young irreverent attitude this is a heart stopping show that is not to be missed! As always, the performers manage to make the audience gasp at the incredible beauty of their movements and impossible feats that the rest of us could only hope to in our wildest dreams. I am not ashamed to say that on more than one occasion I was moved to tears by emotions evoked by the incredible music combined with the beauty, symmetry and seemingly effortless way the bodies on stage told the story. For some reasons it was the two performances with rings that moved me the most, the girl hanging on the wire and the one on the ground later spinning in the ring like a modern female, "in your face" rendition of the Venusian Man. I could watch this show over and over again and love it even more. In my college years we were extreme roller bladers and now we are cyclists, so I cannot even begin to describe how excited we were to see both incorporated into this show.
Cirque, you've done it again!  What a beautiful show housed in such a gorgeous venue.  We were lucky enough to attend with Yelp for a preview show and couldn't have enjoyed it more!   I've seen a couple of Cirque shows and I think they are all so different, each with such unique personalities.  iD has a tech-y, street cred feel to it that sets the stage for a really cool performance.  Everytime I had a favorite number, they would top it with something even more cool!  The trampoline finale was the winner for me, but each piece to the puzzle was so cool. Definitely be ready to tweet about the show and your tweet will be displayed before the show or during intermission!  A fun and interactive way for them to get the word out.  Thanks Yelp and Cirque for a great time!
Upgrade! This show really exceeded my expectations! It's kind of like West Side Story meets urban street circus. It's a younger and more modern show with sets and sounds that you are more likely to see at Mansion rather than Ringling Brothers.   Inspiration for the show was drawn from graffiti, science-fiction films and comic books. Director Jeannot Painchaud has described the show as being made  "for young people by young people." This incredibly talented, international troupe of unique performers includes dancers, a contortionist, aerial acrobats, jugglers, a trial bike trickster and more. Almost as impressive as the acts are their physiques. The only place you'll see more perfectly chiseled bodies is at an Abercrombie photo shoot. The show is sure to be a memorable experience for everyone, except maybe people with bad balance because there are more than a few moments that will have you on the edge of your seat. (You wouldn't want to fall, hit your head, and be unconscious for the rest of the show.)
Cirque Soleil meets NY street dancers=sexy entertaining jaw dropping show! Loved the muscled pole dancing man! Who does push-ups from a pole on their side...yes parallel to the ground...that guy does! Strippers watch out you could actually learn a few moves here at this show! Mr. bicycle man was impressive w/all the jumps. Loved the girl dancing and flying in the air w/the ring! And Mr. Ropes man...that's some serious gymnast moves. But the tall back bending Ms, Gumby Girl who can't be human left me with my mouth wide open & bug-eyed! The lady with the sheets in the sky was so elegant. Jump ropes ehhh...filler....tennis juggler...filler...stacking chair guy...filler & haven't the Chinese being doing this for years at the fair & I believe the chairs have magnets or snap together plus he had a harness...One of the best parts of this show was the music...very upbeat & synthetic 80's vibe. Overall great show! Balls, rings, ropes, & flying sheets oh my!
Cirque Eloize iD is an experience not to be missed!   Like a typical Cirque de Soleil show, Eloize features acrobatics and many "don't-try-this-at-home" feats that will have you ooh-ing and aah-ing.  But unlike a typical Cirque show, Eloize is set in a modern, urban era, with regular ol' street wear, and music that will keep you bouncing in in your seats. Cirque Eloize is not performed under the "Grande Chapiteau" common for the rest of the Cirque repertoire, but is in the cool, air-conditioned Ziff Opera House at the Arsht Center.  Even the nose-bleed seats in the 4th Tier have pretty awesome views, and the ticket prices definitely won't leave you sweating. My personal favorite in the wonder that is Cirque Eloize iD is the crazy trampoline performance in the finale.  These performers make it look so easy, it's truly astounding! It's wholesome fun for the whole family, so pick up your tickets today! *I was fortunate enough to have been invited along with the Yelp Elite crew, and got to experience this awe-inspiring show for free.  Huge thanks to Maria and the Arsht Center for hooking it up!
This event was breath dropping and jaw taking...I was giddy like a kid by the end of it, ready to jump out of my seat.   Essentially the show is a variety of acrobatic, dance, and stunt performances set to a variety of electronic beats.  The stage is set to mimic the street, which is where Cirque Eloize started performing.   I was having a rough week and this show was the best escape I have had in a long time.  I plan on going back and getting different seats, so I can have a whole new experience on all the amazing acrobatics.
Cirque takes to the streets. A gritty setting and tough electronica are the highlights of this energetic Cirque-ish performance. (I'm still confused how or if this relates to Cirque du Soleil, but nevermind). Favorites were the coolest BMX bicyclist ever, the coolest pole dancer ever (male division), and the coolest juggler ever. Nice to see a return visit from one of Kooza's pretzel girls too. Humor was kept to a minimum, but the kids in attendance didn't seem to mind - maybe it was the "candy bar" downstairs that made them happy.
If you get a chance to catch this during it's last week, do so. It was a pretty fun show to watch. It has an urban setting and feel to it from set to costume to music. The show features a variety of acrobatic acts of all types-- many of which left me with my hand over my mouth. Some of it I've seen before but they do mix things up with interesting presentations and twists. An example of this would be a contortionist mimicking a break dancer for instance. Their set is simple but creative and effective as a fantastic over-sized prop as well. Very high energy show and all-around good entertainment. I recommend it!
It is rare that I say no when my father calls and says, "Do you and Zoe want to...(fill in the blank)." There's usually something fabulous attached to that question. Additionally, we all know, I'm all about the "why not" rather than the "why" these days.  So when he called last week and said "Do you and Zoe want to go see Cirque Eloize at the Adrienne Arscht Center?" It was a yes. A bouncy, contortionist, flying trapeze type of yes. I have seen a few Cirque du Soliel performances and feel like that ship has passed in my area of interest. That said, the beauty of the performances cannot be denied. I just feel like I leave the CDS and say "huh?" Maybe a bit too Frenchy/esoteric for my taste. Cirque Eloize was not that. Not even a little. In what is described as "West Side Story gone hip-hop circus" this is an urban-themed show, full of street-style, vibe and attitude. The show opens with the 16 stage performers walking across the stage, as if it's a busy city street. Projectors/magic enchants the backdrop with an artsy interpretation of city skyline. The main story line evolves around some sort of love interest/street gang rivalry. Performers try to outdo each other with their talents. First off is a balancing pole act that is in a word, ridiculous. Defying gravity and good sense, the adept pole artist moves up and down a 20 foot pole, with insane strength and stamina. Hello. He didn't even seem to sweat it a bit.  Various artists constantly dart in and out, breakdancing, hamming it up at times. There's a bicycle trickster who hops from high platforms on one wheel and an online skater who does fancy footwork between traffic-diversion cones.  Let's not forget the contortionists, aerial "tissue" act teamed up with a roller blader and the juggler. Hold up, did I mention the final act was a "trampowall?" A trampoline in the floor with the performers bouncing up and down what appeared to be three stories. Again, I say "ridiculous!" Amazing all of them. The mood is definitely young, and vibrant, but not too loud or bizarre. The focus on street arts really brings focus to the performance and makes it accessible to all ages. My daughter spent the rest of the evening trying to touch her toes to her head. "I want to see it again Mom" she said this morning. "It was so awesome, how did they do that?" It's great to share these live performances with her. Exposure to the live arts at a young age is important. My grandmother took me to see just about every musical starting with Evita, at the Jackie Gleason theater back in the day. Grease, Annie, Cats, I saw them all and hope to take my daughter  to see as many as I can. The show is at the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts, Ziff Ballet Opera House now until September 4, 2011.  For more information or tickets to Cirque Eloize at the Adrienne Arsht Center. Great, now who is up for climbing a wall with a bike?
This show is geared toward a younger crowd. If you enjoy cool stunts, break dancing, club music, and creative light shows this performance is just what you need. As far as Cirque shows it is not as glitzy when it comes to costume designs and sets. I didn't really see a defined story line either which you see in many of the other shows. But it was definitely an explosively thrilling compilation of stunts using bicycles, rollerblades, trampolines, and jump ropes. Since the tickets are so reasonably priced I would not hesitate to go see Cirque Eloize iD.
Not sure if this was an official "Cirque" but regardless it was great!  This had a real urban feel with street tricks like jump roping, trampolines (of course), juggling, bikes....I liked it alot
maybe im a little bit of a cirque snob, since ive seen about a dozen of the actual cirque du soleil shows (both traveling and set shows) but i was a little let down by the affiliate cirque eloize id. yes the tickets are way cheaper but the production, costume, props, etc are proof of that. i still enjoyed the 2 hour show, but i didn't find myself oohing and aahing, or clinching onto the edge of my seat. i actually found myself a little bored a couple of times mainly with the contortionist who made a few appearances throughout the night, ok we get it, you can bend in ways that are unimaginable. the best act was probably the trampoline finale but la nouba in orlando does that same routine, (they just do it way better). im still glad i went, but im more glad i didnt pay for the best seats in the house and that i used a 15% promo code. it was just alright for me.
I was treated to this event by my husbands company who is one of the main sponsors at the Arsht Center. Not expecting much I was pleasantly surprised. I thought the acts were great and this stunts incredible. I'm really glad I got to see the show and would recomend to anyone. I was told the price is $75 which I did find a bit steep for the show...but I was impressed!
I guess I'm a bit spoiled by what I've experienced at Cirque du soleil. I was under the impression that this was one on thier shows but it actually wasn't. More of a kid friendly performance. Not bad, but nothing amazing about it.  Left after the first intermission.
I was lucky enough to be invited to experience "Cirque Eloize-ID" by the yelp eliters.. So happy i went.  It was an amazing show, there wasnt a moment that you weren't being awed by the performers, the scenery, the lights, the music, everything... it was awesome.  I recommend anyone who has the opportunity to go...GO... before its too late!
