I grew up as a professional child actress. I played Gretl THREE times in the Sound of Music, starred in Annie that many times too and even danced my way to the big stage alongside Mickey Rooney and Eartha Kitt for one night only in the Wizard of Oz (no, not as Dorothy). I made my parents proud, earned my first paycheck at the tender age of six and was left with a lifelong passion for the performing arts. As time went on, I realized my dream of making it to the big ol' Broadway might be a little ambitious, I decided to keep up my passion for theatre by supporting the arts as a frequent spectator. Actors' Playhouse is a great local spot that puts on some great productions of a few of my all time favorite shows like In the Heights and The Last Five Years. The cast is always talented and I've been impressed by the scale of set design and production. In addition to the live shows, they show a number of FREE movies throughout the year that usually coincide with the theme of the stage productions. It's best to sign up on their mailing list or keep an eye on the marquee to not miss your favorite old movies back on the big screen again. Finally, goes without saying but the location is perfect to grab dinner at a nearby restaurant before or after the show. Sometimes they partner with places like Ortanique to offer discounted meals with proof of theatre admittance. One of my ideal nights out! Who knows, maybe one day I'll decide to start singing and dancing again and star on this very stage too!
This playhouse is wonderfully located. Seen a couple of plays here and they have all been wonderful.
My review is going to be predicated on the play I saw yesterday, as well as the locale; SPAMALOT - in short, it was excellent!  The Coral Gables Actor's Playhouse apparently really goes out of their way to bring popular theatrical productions, including some of the latest from Broadway and beyond.  Their dedication to bring good art to our community is truly well appreciated and after seeing last night's production in March of 2014, I hope to return again and become a more avid fan.
I have been fortunate enough to be invited to patron events by my dear friend, Joel R., including the Gala this season.  The theater is beautiful, very clean, and the management/staff is committed to putting on excellent theater in Miami.  All the plays I have been blessed to see have been first class productions.    Anyone, tourists or locals, should go to whatever play is currently running, because all of the productions are top-notch.  An entertaining and elegant evening! BRAVO
Seems like yesterday that it was The  Miracle always mentioned in the same sentence with "Caribe, Miami and Miracle " theaters. I saw "Jaws" there, the day before buying a boat!      The Grandeur of the old movie theater is still present at the 25th anniversary of The Actors Playhouse thanks to the love and dedication of Barbara and Lawrence Stein. It was a pleasure to attend "Other Desert Cities" there, a play about a  Christmas  reunion involving a family with vastly different political beliefs and lifestyles.  A profound clash between the journalist daughter who has spent six years of her life writing  a soon to be published book about  the suicide of a radical wayward brother, pitted against her  parents who do not want their  family pain and tragedy exposed to  friends and acquaintances during their lifetime. The play is profound, and more than once brought tears, but it is not without humor too.  Definitely worth seeing...and seeing it  in this lovely venue would also  be a treat.
Local theaters are always a real treat and this local theater delivers. Its always wonderful to see local art supported and showcased. We have been various times over the years and its always a treat. Imagine "Miss Saigon" without having to travel to NYC, and hanging out in Miami weather! They also offer wonderful programs for children of all ages during the summer - they also offer programs for adults who want to learn how to act. A great local theater with great programs for everyone!
My son and I have been here for a couple of plays and they have all been pretty good!  We saw "Alexander and the horrible, terrible, etc...", "Snow White", "Peter Rabbit and the Garden of Doom"!  My son enjoys the plays and is beginning to recognize the actors from play to play!   The director Earl is very animated and you can see his love and enthusiasm for the craft when he speaks.  He sounds so passionate about it!  He even gave my son and his Cub Scout Pack a backstage tour!  That was pretty sweet! Great family fun at a reasonable price and to me when you expose your children to the arts it's an experience you never forget and it instills at least an appreciation if not love for the arts!  Their summer camp is a bit pricey for me right now but will try to keep it as a goal for next summer! I love this place, you can also grab lunch somewhere on Miracle Mile after enjoying a play!   Best place to park is the garages, otherwise you'd pay more parking on the street.   I've enjoyed performances from Ann Marie Olson and Clay Cartland is EXCELLENT!!! Cant' wait to see "GODSPELL" in October!!!
This place is amazing. I love imagining the way it must have been back when it was a movie theater! Urban Dictionary has a definition for "protonostalgia," which is the feeling of nostalgia for a time you've never lived in. What a perfect description of the feelings the Miracle Theatre evokes. I visited the Actors' Playhouse for the first time this week and was so happy I did. A friend of mind had raved about "The Last Five Years," so we bought a Living Social deal and headed over. As I waited in the lobby, a luxury transportation bus stopped in front, dropping off bunches of elderly folks from the nearby senior community. I love this about going to see plays/musicals. I'm not sure why young people aren't into them, but it just makes my heart warm and fuzzy to see the longtime couples and the ladies hanging out with their girlfriends!! Anyway, back to it. The deal we bought entitled us to a free glass of champagne, which was awesome. We bought some snacks at the front (CASH ONLY!), to tide us over during the play. WHICH WAS AMAZING! I loved it. The stage is gorgeous, and every seat gives you a perfect view -- it's pretty intimate. The sound was great except for a couple weird mic moments. But talk about talent. I cried a bit during the more emotionally-charged parts, and laughed at the funny parts. I hope they have more deals again because the regular priced tickets are around $50, which gets expensive when you don't want to go alone! But I would definitely consider returning here. The great thing is that you would spend 50 bucks knowing that you'll be able to see, and won't be waaay in the back of a huge theater, or behind some view-obstructing column or something. My favorite part was probably after the performance when the people sitting next to us decided to offer us some life advice... *happy sigh* I love when older people see you as a kid and just want to provide some insight! :) Great time, I really recommend you checking it out!
The local Coral Gables community is fortunate to have a landmark theater such as this one- A small community theater with a large presence - gives the mile a retro look. In addition to presenting some great works such as "The Marvelous Wanderettes" , "Miss Saigon" and "Another night before Christmas" , they aso have acting classes for Adults and Children. So whenever you want to pretend you're someone you are not .... sign up for some acting lessons here and while you're at it, buy a yearly subscription.
I usually come here when there's a Broadway musical production of a show I like. The theater itself is pretty, and a good size for "community theater". Overall, I have no complaints; I just wish the prices were friendlier to my wallet! (I frequented several in Tallahassee, where local theater is wonderfully inexpensive.) But this is Coral Gables... so I suppose that makes a difference. I don't mind too much, though, as I know I'm supporting the arts! *Musicals watched here: Beauty and the Beast, Les Miserables
WOW! Is all I have to say! I haven't been to the Actor's Playhouse since I was younger, the inside is a little old school looking but it makes that theater experience come to life. Very clean and the people are all very friendly and helpful. It started off with the director giving you the run down on all the future plays, which turned me off a bit because I didn't know what to think about that, since I am used to seeing shows at the Arsht Center in Downtown Miami. But because it is a local playhouse and more intimate they give you that feel. My boyfriend surprised me with the show 'Hairspray', it was absolutely amazing. Great on set designers, music, actors, it had the works. I would definitely start coming here for more shows. xo, kristin nicole
I love this theater! I've been here to catch a few shows, Hairspray, Next to Normal, and In the Heights.  I had always enjoyed going to see these shows in the big theaters of NY, Chicago, and now here in the Arscht Center, but there is something so much more intimate in this theater.  The place is much smaller and it makes you feel like you're a part of the show.  I have loved every single one of the shows I've seen here.  The actors are great and I love to support the local arts. Even though every time i've gone there are no empty seats, it never feels too crowded. The staff is always willing and ready to assist with finding your seats and there is a cash bar for drinks and snacks. It's always a great experience! I look forward to seeing the shows they'll be bringing next.
I am a fan of the vintage so this place is great. However, the acoustics here are horrible. I truly thought that the actors on stage couldn't sing. It wasnt until the end of the first act, I noticed that these people are belting out these songs its just the acoustics that make it sound bad. I really hope they do some more renovations to this location because it is such a great piece of Miami history.
My Mom's employer is a sponsor for the Actors Playhouse, so we wound up with a pair of complimentary tickets for last nights performance of Godspell. We got there  15 minutes before the show started and parked in the garage located directly behind the theater. After a quick 2 minute walk, we arrived and headed to the box office to retreive our tickets. There wasn't anyone else in line, so we got through quickly. We were then given programs and ushered to our seats by a nice elderly lady. This theater is small, intimate, and has a vintage feel. The seats are comfortable and there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the entire place. Our row L seats on the right were perfect. The set, the acoustics, and the performers were awesome, and we enjoyed the performance from start to finish. The best part of the evening was the free wine served by the performers during the brief intermission! Loved this place. I plan to return for A Christmas Carol in December! When we returned to the car, I was pleasantly surprised as the parking was only $3! A rarity in the Gables!
