I am so excited that the WHITE PARTY will be held at the amazing Perez Art Museum of Miami on Saturday, November 29th from 7pm to 12am. Attendees for this year's White Party™ are invited to dress to impress in their finest formal wear and debonairly debut their elegance all while enjoying an evening overlooking Biscayne Bay, the Port of Miami and the Miami skyline. It will be a fantastic night of fabulous fashonistas in white, emblazoned with diamonds and pearls. If guests arrive before 9pm, they are welcome to fully explore the museum while being entertained by an array of musical quartets, ensembles and very colorful characters; while outside, they will be treated to delectable hors d'oeuvres prepared fresh from the kitchen of Stephen Starr Events. In addition, one can take their chances to win fabulous prizes at the outdoor Casino and enjoy amazing complimentary cocktails all night long. To reinvent the wheel, Care Resource contracted DJ David Knapp and the White Party Symphony, to perform a very special one hour tribute to 30 years of music, as composed and conducted by Sam Hyken, as never heard before. Through the White Party, for over 30 years, Care Resource has been able to raise millions of dollars for HIV/AIDS research, prevention, care and treatment services to individuals in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties. Thank you PAMM for letting Care Resource use your space on the 29th. Today, we are a full-fledged federally qualified community health center (FQHC) - a medical home for all those in need.   Tickets can be purchased at whiteparty.org. Admission to the White Party is $215. It is $250 the day of event.
Building is beautiful, but the collection............what collection? There is really only one smallish room that has known artists the rest of the art is on temporary loan. So at $16 dollars for admission the price is kinda steep. I guess the tight wads of Miami aren't into the whole donating art for the public good, and you would figure with all the drug money in Miami they could donate something, anything, even some bad modern art. Parking under the museum is only $2.00 bucks an hour, so look at the bright side you're only going to spend 2 bucks for parking since there isn't a whole lot to see. The building itself is actually a bigger draw than the art inside and its free just to roam around the outside of the structure.
Herzog & de Meuron Pérez Art Museum Miami, 2014 Wood, Concrete, Glass, Metal, Hanging Gardens, Breathtaking Views, Amazing Art Courtesy of Jorge M. Pérez & City of Miami If you came here just to see art, you will be pleasantly surprised to find so much more than that. The building itself is so well designed that I invented a new term for it: artitecture. There's something for everyone here - from the paint-loving purists to esoteric modern art lovers to people that are easily distracted/entertained by shiny things. Every kind of medium imaginable is scattered throughout this amazing structure and they are pretty camera-friendly, banning the use in only a few places. If you happen to work up a literal appetite while figuratively feasting your eyes, stop by the cafe and grab a beautifully prepared & presented bite to eat. I highly recommend the squash blossom pizza. Seriously, EVERYTHING is über cool and creative here - even the monolithic bathroom stalls. (In the women's room anyways, I can't speak for the men's.) I asked the staff if I could move into one of said stalls (they're comparable to a studio apartment in South Beach after all) but the rent was still way out of my price range. BOTTOM LINE: A must-see whether you are a resident of or just visiting Miami.
Definitely the best contemporary art museums Miami has to offer. Always rotating collections, so its worth it to go often. Friendly staff and beautiful architecture. Make it a day, and have lunch at the on-site cafe and pick something up from the gift shop. Even sells pieces from local Miami artists. Amazing.
Great place!  Just go already.
Very beautiful space - shockingly gorgeous. The outdoor space is breathtaking and so relaxing, and the gift shop was top notch. The actual exhibit space was somewhat small but well executed. I can't imagine what they do with the theatre space inside but it is also beautiful and this is definitely worth an afternoon visit.
Wow, Miami has arrived! After nearly 2 decades of living here and bemoaning the lack of culture (did I just type that??? Sheesh, I am insufferable!), I had low expectations for PAMM. I had been a member of MAM and used my membership primarily to enjoy the Jam at MAM happy hour events more than the art, so I was not sure what to expect from PAMM. I joined the museum back in December but did not make it there until last week, when I attended a members-only event (there I go again!). First of all, the building is stunning! A work of art in and of itself! Not only that, it is LEED certified and has nifty features like foliage sculptures that will lower the temperature around the buildilng between 5 and 10 degrees when fully grown. The outdoor area is breathtaking, right on the water! They have ample outdoor seating, so you can take a break and enjoy some fresh air in the middle of your culture. The exhibits are a mix of modern *is that really art??" and more traditional works. Not to be missed is the Edouard Duval-Carrie exhibit (through August 31, 2014). Breathtaking! Stunning! Amazing! Finding the museum and parking was a snap, even at 6:30 on a Tuesday night. Come here! You will not be disappointed!
Being from a large city (Chicago) where they have amazing Museum's, I did not have high expectations for PAMM.  They recently opened Museum Park adjacent to PAMM.  We were strolling through the beautiful park and decided to check out the inside of the Museum. As soon as we walked in we were told it was a free day. Very cool so the friendly staff gave us our pins and off we went. Like others have mentioned the outside hanging garden and breathtaking views of the bay are wonderful.  Now this is great planning.  They could not have picked a better location for this. We enjoyed walking through the various gallery's.  Contemporary and modern art throughout.  Rooms with screens and different movies playing. Take your time and turn every corner to see everything they have to offer. Two levels of some really cool artwork. They also have Verde a restaurant attached to it so make a day of it. Visit the museum, grab a bite at Verde then take a stroll through the park. Fantastic addition to the city!
Took the fam to PAMM yesterday. The wife is more "cultured" than myself but it was her birthday so I obliged!   First, note my tip: if you're military, bring your ID!   Second, I had NO idea what I was looking at. My wife found it wonderful and I did as well because it's the cleanest place you can go in Miami with so many people!   The prices are great to spend an afternoon looking at art. The grounds...amazing. When you're done browsing, go outside and enjoy the rest of the day. Overall, I'd totally go again to gain more culture! :)
What a great addition to the Miami art scene!  Given how Miami becomes the center of the art universe during Art Basel, it's only right that a museum like PAMM opened up.   First of all--the architecture of this place is out of this world.  It is truly a beautiful place to just hang out.  I can't get over how lovely the mossy vines that hang from the ceiling are.   The works are also very interesting.  The exhibits center mostly around Caribbean/Latin American art--a fairly underrepresented category in most museums.  What's great is the amount of detail that is given for each of the works.  So often I find myself wondering what an artist meant in his work, what experts have found in the symbolism of the masterpiece being showcased, only to be let down by the lack of information; instead, the PAMM gives thorough descriptions of each piece, and I found myself absorbed by the stories that each work presented.  The collections here are lovely and I feel like I learned a lot about the history and evolution of art in the region. The museum is not very large, so you're not overwhelmed in a single visit (as you would be at say the Louvre or the Met).  The views of Miami from the building are also very beautiful.  I would say that parking is annoying--hopefully as construction in the area lessens this will improve.
Miami needed this so badly, otherwise some mega developer would have plonked some phallic like building here in the name of progress and to line their already deep pockets. It's a wonderful building, it flows very well for an art walk. It has lots of pockets of rooms, auditoriums, nooks and crannys.  It is going to stand well for decades for many wonderful art installations and events.  The outside is a work of art in itself.  Even the views from within the building are works of art, our beautiful city.   The art within may change from time to time, but this absolutely beautiful piece of architecture is going to stand the test of time and only grow grander.
I visited the museum on the second Saturday for it's free entry and it was pretty packed but even with all the people there still enough to see that you never really felt crowded. Often the most crowded pieces of art were the video displays. The museum had a nice variety of art. Some were beautiful and some not so much but like they say "Art is in the eye of someone who isn't you" or whatever. My favorite piece featured Batman in a boat with Christopher Columbus. The other art in that room was good too. Very glittery. There is a gift shop and cafe on the first floor with an outside area that has an excellent view of the water
As many others have mentioned there are deals to come here (apparently us South Floridians are deal hunters). We came here during Miami Museum month so entrance was BOGO.   We managed to park in the underneath garage which was a work of art in on itself.  It's actually quite beautiful down there and walking up the entrance steps was lovely.   $2 an hour which was quite reasonable.   I'm gonna go ahead and give you my honest assessment of PAMM.  Truth is the art wasn't quite up my alley as I prefer more traditional artists.  That being said, I still think PAMM is worth visiting at least once.   ART Like I said, not quite my cup of tea, but I was enthralled to see that they really are featuring Caribbean and Miami artists.  Nice to know that these modern works of art are being appreciated. THE VIEW The view is absolutely stunning and they've done a fabulous job architecturally to make the view a piece of art here too. THE BUILDING Phenomenal.  Such a great layout and use of space.  The building itself is clean, well maintained and a classic piece of art itself.
I've been to many museums around the US (New York City, Pittsburg, Hartford, Atlanta, Phoenix.) and around the world (London, Madrid, Paris, etc.) and I was not impressed with PAMM. Sure, the building is cutting edge and has a wonderful view of the water, but the collection should be the focal point of every museum. There is no rhyme or reason to the exhibits. They don't provide enough information about art in any particular area or specific period.  It seems like a collage of slapped-together art that doesn't communicate much.  I've been to El Museo del Barrio in New York and PAMM should learn something from them about teaching its visitors about Latin American and Caribbean art. I was really looking forward to seeing this place and left very disappointed.
The Perez Art Museum found new life as a public gallery for Caribbean-based contemporary art after languishing as a storehouse for too many years. It enjoys a waterfront site where more museums are under construction; Miami correctly recognizes that a downtown Museum Park will add substance to visits by cruise ship passengers turned tourists and other visitors alike. Inexpensive parking is beneath the structure. The parking is intriguing in itself because the entire underground area is landscaped. Multi-story hanging baskets with an overhead irrigation drip system decorate the exterior platforms. Visitors can lounge in chairs, or dine al fresco overlooking the water at Verde. A gift shop lures shoppers between guest check-in and the cafe/restaurant. Exhibits include all media. That's good, but their presentation is like imbibing too much caffeine. One doubts her own attention span, going without curatorial interruption from mounted video to photography to oils to sculptural vignettes. I think it may have been organized by country, but I could have been mistaken.  I was either confused or under a Caribbean voodoo spell before realizing I had travelled from Cuba to Haiti. The building is a work of art in itself. The Perez focuses on art education. Once a month, it is open free of charge on Saturday to the public. Crafts and other events are available to families. But even without the freebies, the ientrance fee of $8 is ridiculously nominal. The material is all fascinating and top shelf. I would, however, have preferred a better organization, a printed guide, or even a few more artist statements to make the visit more understandable.  With contemporary art, concept is inevitably screaming for explanation.  Thanks in advance, Perez, for picking up the slack here.
The PAMM is bam! Gorgeous structure, spectacular views, and cool exhibitions. The galleries display a strong sense of Miami's history and Caribbean culture. Even more, as a member you can experience more of the museum's events, dining, and new displays. It's a MUST for those in the art world or Miami admirers just as much -- so go get a dose of this Miami gem.
They close down too much of the museum to change the installations. No discount in the price mind you. If they want to do lengthy installs, either shut down for a couple of days or put some warnings up and cut the price.  OR, smarter still, don't shut down 4-5 rooms at a time. Nice enough flow to the place, but that's unacceptable.
PAMM is a great addition to the Miami cultural scene. The structure is breathtaking....right on the bay. The views are as impressive as its world class contemporary art collection, featuring Botero, Warhol and many others. It is really a wonderful destination to spend half a day.  In addition to the art collection,  there is a very nice restaurant, Verde, and  a large outdoor space with Adirondack chairs to relax and enjoy the view beneath the hanging gardens. Onsite parking is easy and affordable ($2/hour).  Check it out!
The nearly brand new Perez Art Museum Miami is impressive. Contemporary art never felt so painless! (I kid, I really like contemporary art of almost any kind). Parking is cheap (for now) $3/hr. in the lot below the PAMM. Just a brief walk up to PAMM, and you'll be glad you did- the outside gardens and entrance is impressive! Huge Ai Wei Wei Chinese horoscope totem heads done in bronze dot one side of the outside, as an outdoor seating area is found on the water side, and the hanging gardens are all around. Such a hip and peaceful decorating job, I could've spent as much time lounging outside as I did enjoying their collection. The collection is cool. The miniature boats on the first floor are a conversation piece. And isn't all good art (whether you care for it, or not) a good conversation starter? My son and I definitely talked about Edouard Duval-Carrie's "Imagined Landscapes". We loved comparing his art to the examples of the original art he referenced, making commentary on native identity, "discovery", commercialism, all while enjoying sparkly night-scapes. There seems to be plenty of events here. There was a singer/performance artist the night we visited from Trinidad (I believe). We weren't able to stick around, but her performance sure sounded unique. It's all happening at PAMM!. My only knock on this place, is the museum map told us nothing about the galleries. The map had generic gallery names, with no description about what was in those galleries, so it was kind of useless. I would happily visit this place again, when visiting Miami, and recommend it highly to art lovers.
Location, location, location! I got the chance to check out the PAMM on a Second Saturday (free admission day) while in town and it was actually the highlight of my trip! From the moment I got off of the MetroMover I knew that this museum would be all about the location. And what a location! There are wonderful wave-like benches and foliage on the way to the building itself at which point you encounter the large, bronze astrological heads of animals by Ai Wei Wei surrounding the entrance. As you walk in you pass and get a glimpse of the patio that you'll encounter after you've gone through the museum and are ready for some food. (But I'll get to that soon!) The map pamphlets were unfortunately pretty useless as they only show the name of each room in the gallery but no genre, theme, or other discernible descriptor. I understand that exhibits change, but they should probably spring for specific maps regardless. There was a strong LatAm focus when we visited which was good to see. I felt a bit confused by the layout of the works of art though as I prefer grouping by style versus theme (they had modern Caribbean pieces next to historic prices just based on the Caribbean theme). I admit that this might just be my ignorance to the art though! The gift shop is right by the entrance, but seems more subtle as it acts as a nice place to wait for your friend in the bathroom, or as a passageway to the outdoor patio. Patio may not be the right word. It is a bohemouth. Hanging above you as you dine on not-so-terrible museum food are hanging gardens. These comically shaped greens lead your eye upward as you take in the museum's spot at the edge of the city, by the water. I can't tell you much of the art since I'm not the best judge, but I would definitely let you know that you should allocate time on the exterior steps by the water. I wanted to stay and live there as a squatter. The boyfriend was not amused. Big thumbs up for the location and their fabulous use for that space! Cheers, Andi
Beautiful Museum! Definitely a Miami "gem". I went with a friend who equally appreciates art like I do. We expected to be an hour or two at this museum and go visit another. Wrong! After wandering and reading as many pieces as possible on the first and second floor we looked at the time to find 4 hours had passed. So much information and culture to learn and take in. Once finished browsing there is an outside area with chairs that overlooks Biscayne Bay, Downtown Miami, and the MacArthur Causeway. The museum guards are a little intimidating, watching your every move...but hey, somebody has to protect the art right!? Some exhibits do not allow photography so watch for the signs or the guards will be sure to inform you. Definitely an experience to check out if you appreciate art whether you're visiting Miami or live here.
I don't have much interest in art so the museum itself is boring to me BUT the building and the waterfront location/view is incredible. The hanging plants outside are a great touch. It's connected to the brand new Museum Park. PAMM along with the new Science Museum and the park are making this area VERY desirable. I live in South Beach and never had desires to go to downtown but because of PAMM/ Museum Park I do....must see!
Honestly, the a architecture of the Pérez is more impressive than its art. The restaurant and little museum store are both cute, lovely places to go visit. The rest of the art in the museum is purposeless and minimal. I was here last year when they still had the temporary Ai Wei Wei exhibit, which actually moved me to years and was an incredible exhibit. However since their better temporary exhibits have moved, it seems that I never before noticed the highly pretentious and anti-climactic art school student aesthetic that the rest of the museum has in its permanent exhibitions. Don't invest a whole lot of time going to this museum, unless it's a cool winter day so you can enjoy the outdoor park and hanging gardens.
The location and facility is gorgeous. The best part of the experience is sitting outside. The plant structures are magnificent. The Art was Meh.
The view is spectacular and the architecture too!!! There is a bar inside which is super cool!
Is it the Smithsonian in DC? Is it the metro museum of art in NY? No, its neither. What is it? Its a thoroughly Miami art exhibit which shows the international flavor of its artists. It is in the museum park area which has beautiful port and ocean views, it has good tour guides, and it is an enjoyable 2 hours where you'll see interesting art and great books. Worth the $12
The architecture and surrounding gardens and walkways are absolutely stunning. I highly recommend coming here simply to take a look at the beautiful building. They have these hanging columns of plants that trickle water down on other plants. There is also a Chinese zodiac series of sculptures in the front, which range from incredibly detailed, the dragon, to the not so much, the rabbit, my zodiac doesn't get any love :( The building and surrounding area get 5 stars exhibits were mediocre and I'd give it 3 stars. There is a parking garage that is $2 per hour. I would actually recommend just parking at the museum and walking around the outside. Also an aside, Miami Dade County gave $100 million to have this built and Mr. Perez donated $40 million. Shouldn't this be named the Miami Dade County Museum?? Where's the local government love :/
I'm delighted to see the birth of a "Museum district" in Miami with the creation of the Perez Art Museum of Miami along with the upcoming science museum across the botanical park and sharing a loop. The building is gorgeous, and a piece of art in itself, with a beautiful use of the space to display the art. It overlooks the water and the towering gazebo-like roof of the outside plaza is hung with spectacular cylindrical hanging gardens that express the intersection of architecture, the natural environment of South Florida and the exhibits wonderfully. In many ways, it reminds me of impressive facilities like the Getty Museum in L.A., but with a distinct Miami flavor. The art exhibit spaces are well designed, and a multimedia zone creates a ramp from the first to the second floor. The open lobby itself houses exhibits -- in this case a display of hanging boat sculptures reflecting cultures from around the world. As we were there, the pieces from the permanent exhibit were that of Typographic Art (a personal interest) and modern art from the Americas. Also on hand was a display by Chinese dissident art Ai Weiwei -- whose skillfully sculpted zodiac sculptures grace the outside plaza. I would like to see them flesh out the collection, and while I definitely understand that the intention is to display modern artists from this part of the world, it would be great for the Perez or other museum to try to develop a collection that also included arts from other eras and areas, since much of what we see is similar to what is available in galleries throughout Miami. However, as a young museum, it is definitely worth a visit, even if for the building, and its collection is maturing. It was a beautiful day and I look forward to a return visit in the near future.
RENAISSANCE DOWNTOWN MIAMI Just look around from the MetroMover and see the Miami's skyline methodically transforming itself into a world class seaport city equivalent to Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Dubai and Vancouver. Nestled amongst towering contemporary condo towers is the rededicated MetroMover Museum Park platform with a vista of the new Perez Arts Museum Miami (PAMM), adjacent Foster Science Museum under construction and Adrienne Arsht Center. Nearby and within view is the American Airlines Arena and the Port of Miami where on any Friday or Saturday you'll be able to count five or more cruise liners that collectively will host each week many thousands of passengers. The synergy alone will assure the success of PAMM. Each second Saturday of each month it's free to visit this new world class museum. Named after Billionaire Argentine born Cuban Jorge M. Perez some times referred to as "Donald Trump of the tropics," and who donated $40 million in combination of money and artworks. With what I have read, I can appreciate Perez's background and his affinity for artist Ai Wei Wei. His artwork and their message are deep and powerful. Of course PAMM is not exclusively an Ai Wei Wei exhibit. It's hanging garden and, breathtaking bay view was center stage to David Beckham's recent announcement of a Major League Soccer franchise for Miami.
Well being from New York ,very cultured and enjoy the arts back home in NYC, But!.... PAMM as its called is a big bust, need more better exhibits and more highly class of art to show Miami, sorry just being honest, the architecture of building nice yet missing to many points to attract people locally and tourist, need better promotion and arts exhibits.
Was it a waste of money to build such a gorgeous museum and dub it "the front porch of Miami"? Is it a waste of time and money to come visit? Is this the right location for an art museum, or are we going over our heads to please our collective soul? Whatever it is, here are my two cents. I don't think PAMM is a waste of money. Miami keeps attracting more and more art galleries, artists, collectors, curators, etc, and Miami is becoming a very large hub for Latin American artists looking to enter the art world scene. We continually have several art festivals and they just turn the city into one of the most exciting art destinations in the world. Why not have a nice museum, we are all about tourism anyway? I also think it is not a waste of time to visit this museum. The building itself is architectural sound and a stunning testament to modern design. The surroundings are appealing and the view to the bay is breathtaking. I could spend hours sitting on the top level looking into the ocean with nothing whatsovever interfering with my view. Inside, there are many cool exhibits and cool pieces of art, specially in the photographs section on the top level. The sad reality is that yes, this money could have been spent somewhere else, on a social or humanitarian endeavor. But I think that if not today, it was bound to happen anyway. This is another step in trying to solidify our presence as an art hub, and in business terms, we are simply filling a niche. The collection at PAMM is filled with some very tropical and Miami like art work. The Ai Weiwei exhibit has some amazing pieces, and this exhibit summarizes what the art world is going through with the recent entry of the Asian world into the mainstream. That said, this collection is not a heavy hitter, like other art museums in NY, Philadelphia or Chicago, not even LA or Boston. Still, we have some fresh pieces and we must start somewhere. All I can say is that I really enjoy PAMM. It is one of the nicest museums I have been to, one of the best architectural structures, and filled with some amazing artwork. I am a new comer to modern Asian art, so to be introduced to Ai Weiwei, in detail, was very exciting to me. We already had our first act of vandalism against Weiwei and PAMM, that was a sad thing, but that is what art is supposed to do: stir emotions. For the future, I would love to see more audio visual art, some short films and weird stuff. Yes, we have Moca and optic nerve but I don't want to drive to North Miami. Also, a completely finished sculpture garden, when the museum is done, to compliment the Chinese zodiac statues, which are awesome. Being there in opening week was somewhat surreal, seing all the workers around the building while people of all ages, some with little kids and babies were experiencing gluttony through their eyes. Good thing the museum offers the program Second Saturday, when PAMM offers free admission. For sure you will find me there, after all, my tax dollars went into building PAMM.
Hooray for Mr. Perez and his donation that built this museum.  And hooray for Miami that now has a new focal point for downtown. The logo is PAMM.  Perez Art Museum Miami.  If Yelp were smarter, I'd be able to make the accent over the first E so it would be clear that this is PE rez, not pe REZ. I loved the building.  I loved how the space is being used.  It was (by luck) a free Saturday the day we went, with a grant from Target to cover the expenses.  Kids were making projects on the large covered terrace.  People were sitting in chairs and enjoying the view.  They had people selling hotdogs and beer outside.  The sit-down restaurant was jammed. The gift shop was tempting. I've got to admit that I liked the space better than I did the collection.  Maybe contemporary art isn't my thing.  Here's an example:  one of the pieces in the permanent collection is a drawing of a nude woman with a weird looking thing connecting her hand to her crotch.  The plaque next to the drawing explains that the artist went on stage and slowly took all of there clothes off.  Then she pulled a long folded piece of paper out of her sexual organ and read the poem which was written on it.  The poem denounced sexism. Framed next to the drawing was the long folded piece of paper with the poem.  Art? Like I said, the building is great. . . .
Million dollar $$$ view ? Yes sir, even more expensive then that. They have revitalized the former Miami Art Museum.  The Perez Art Museum of Miami is a beautiful new wonder of Miami. Jorge Perez donated money and his personal art collection,contributing to $40 million. Like a artist starting on a blank canvas, they constructed a beautiful new building with a amazing view. Yes, even the car garage has pretty plants.  The museum trustees/donors etc. have not forgotten any detail in making this gorgeous place a wonderland to walk into. They have strategically placed windows and sitting places for you to take a moment of your busy time and enjoy the art. People start taking pictures even before they enter the museum because the hanging gardens are right outside the entrance.  With the huge bronze zodiac signs.  Then you walk into to see a sea full of amazing floating boats on the ceiling. Yes, your in Miami and not enjoying the beach, but doesn't it feel wonderful to see this place? It sure felt that way to me... I had one of the best times, for waking up early on a Saturday, and seeing this new museum. I was most thrilled to see Ai Weiwei's works because I love his bold messages in his artwork. His life and artwork show great range and depth in all his pieces. I can tell you more about other artists and works of art. But it's not the same. You should visit PAMM, then we can discuss the artwork.
This museum is a solid four star. Only because it's a museum that actually feels like one of the major museums in this country - and there's not many to go around that gives off that feeling in this entire state. The aesthetic and the grounds are a delight. However, like its former self as Miami Art Museum, it was meant to be the main public museum for the locals to enjoy. That being said, I had no idea that it was going to gear itself to be more akin to the MoMa instead of the Metropolitan in New York. In other words, this museum is a showcase of modern and contemporary artworks which there is plenty to go around locally - in all of the major Wynwood galleries, North Miami's MoCA, etc. So... where is the opportunity for locals to learn about and appreciate the other fine arts - mainly the Classical, Renaissance and Impressionist artworks which in itself have contributed largely to the modern arts? This is something that Miami and South Florida is still severely lacking. That being said - of the current collections and exhibits, I was attracted mostly to the Cuban-born Pelaez' colorful paintings. The rest doesn't really do much to me - and I didn't really expect this museum to have a good collection in the beginning anyways since it was a super small museum before that had hardly any storage space for the purpose of collecting many artworks of high caliber. But now with this museum, I can only expect the collection to get better. The museum beautifully filled the void in Miami, and I hope they will take into consideration the other art genres as they grow their collections with time.
Awesome exhibition very informative, educational and fun. Nice set By DJ Le Spam. Moonlight in art, music and the bay, It was like a History channel experience in person. Involving all of the senses. Miami Style. I shall return. Thank you, Merci  y Gracias
Putting a giant footprint on Miami's cultural map, the Perez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) opened to the public this week.  Located right on Biscayne Bay in the (soon) to-be-finished Museum Park, PAMM is a gorgeous building showcasing some truly awesome works of modern and contemporary art. The building alone is worth a visit though.  With windows located strategically throughout the galleries, you can get glimpses of the city beyond the walls - including some of the best views of Downtown around!  Definitely a unique feature not seen in most museums. And let's not forget the hanging garden out along the water, or the soon-to-be-opened "front porch" area.  Beautiful views, chairs for lounging, and the newest Stephen Starr restaurant serving up bites and drinks - Verde.  A unique and definitively Miami feature of the new space. PAMM is a great addition to the city, and worthy of multiple visits.  Parking can be a challenge during the ongoing construction, so the Metro Mover is the way to go, especially since the newly-christened Museum Park station is now open.  And admission is free for all Miami-Dade County residents through the weekend (Dec. 8th) - what are you waiting for?
The facility is breathtaking and beautiful, the architecture in the outside and inside is one of a kind. The experience was fun with much to do but we were not feeling the exhibits at the momment but would be back for other exhibits.
This place is spectacular everything from the views to the artwork. The location is amazing and the architecture of the building is spectacular. Even the hanging plants are amazing. I love how this city is finally getting more culture ! If you have not been this place is a must !
You have officially put yourself on the art world map! What a beautiful space. I have no idea what the old Pérez Museum was like, but the space itself of the new museum rivals the museum spaces of New York, Boston, and Washington. Everything is so beautifully done, you'll have to pinch yourself to know you're in Miami! The collection is not half-bad, either, and it looks like it will only grow into the architecture that can now adequately house it. It's an eclectic mix of media and exhibition types--and all of it is really interesting to peruse, even if all of it is. It truly great great art. (But there *is*'some--if not a lot--of really great art, if you're patient enough to seek it out.) The museum's got a restaurant/café on the water (Biscayne Bay) and a truly phenomenal view of the MacArthur Causeway and the Port of Miami by night. That alone is a work of great visual interest. The patio space also features "hanging gardens," columns of flowering greenery that are about as cool as you'd think. When the Frost Science museum opens next door next year, this area: Museum Park, will transform what has been a desolate, dingy part of town. This is great news for us all. Furthermore, the museums are now serviced by the newly reopened (rechristened) Museum Park Station on the Metromover system. Things are lookin' up, Magic City!
We decided to come here completely on a whim yesterday....and I'm so glad we did.  Admission was $12 for adults but they let us in free - even better! Admission is free for all ages every second Saturday of the month. This is a modern art museum.  I am a modern art lover.  It may not be for everyone, but all I can say is we were here for several hours and didn't even get through all the exhibits, so we will definitely be back. The structure itself is an architectural masterpiece built on an elevated platform, overlooking the water, with hanging gardens outside.  There are lots of beautiful, breezy shaded areas in which to sit. There are windows strategically placed inside all the galleries so that natural light is incorporated everywhere.   There were exhibits in many different mediums - clay, marble, jade, fabric, and even video.  The Ai WeiWei exhibit was huge and really inspiring.  They also had a large exhibit of rare and unusual books, photography by various artists including Diane Arbus, and works by artists literally from all over the world. The photography gallery actually had IPads that you could use to find out more specific information on each photograph.   There is a restaurant and gift shop inside the museum.  Both were pretty chaotic; the gift shop had some rather unusual items but we passed on eating there as the menu seemed upscale but somewhat limited in terms of choices.   This place is a welcome addition to Miami, and will be even busier once the science museum next door is completed.
Very nice new museum in Miami.  Taking Miami into the big leagues, finally.  Architecture and public spaces are outstanding.  The art was just so so. I definitely can see some great events taking place here...landscaping and entry way aren't all the way finished but the place is great already.
Admittedly I only went into the Museum itself to (a) use the restroom (clean and tidy!) and (b) peruse the gift shop (great collection of goodies including fun postcards and other small gift items) but I really enjoyed sitting on the grounds with Alma, Adrienne, Mich, Dom and Gina and tucking into some wine and cheese. The beautiful breeze from Biscayne Bay, watching cruise ships saunter by and of course the wind whistling through our own small corner of a modern Babylon with the hanging flowers off of the Museum's rafters are really a relaxing site to behold.  I plan on returning, to see the venue as a whole, but will truly relish another few weekend hours spent in shooting the breeze on the breezy patios of this beautiful modern architectural wonder.
Ok, today was the grand opening for the public and also the third time I have been to what I have dubbed as Miami's Front Porch. The outside patio that wraps all around the museum is open to one and all. I'm sure that it will become a great meeting spot for Miamians and our out of town pale guests. And now my earlier review that I jumped the gun on I guess And just like that Miami has a World Class Modern and Contemporary Art Museum that rivals any in the world. PAMM is to Miami what Centre Georges Pompidou is to Paris or MoMA to New York. Set right on the water with a beautiful hanging garden by by Patrick Blanc the museum is not set only in an amazing location but also has generous spaces inside which to display cutting edge art pieces from such artists as Ai Weiwei and Ana Mendieta presently to Christo in the near future. I have had the pleasure of meeting Thom Collins and he is a bonafide art genius or at least stayed at Holliday Inn fairly recently. History Time!!!! PAMM wasn't always PAMM. It was originally the Center for Fine Arts, In 1996, the museum was renamed Miami Art Museum(MAM by the library in downtown) The new Pérez Art Museum Miami in downtown is in Miami's Museum Park right next to the Museum of Science that will open in about a year(according to a walk through we did, its going to be amazing). The Yibbies are super excited about PAMM and have in turned become Charter Museum Circle Members and will forever be enshrined on the walls of PAMM
This place is absolutely great! The outdoor area is stunning, the cafe and store are quite nice. If you haven't visited you will not regret it.
It must have been such a great honor to be  able to get Aiweiwei's work for the grand opening, good job! Don't miss the giant wall of 5000 dead children, it is not just a wall with names and ages. I'm so glad the county spent money in this great museum and perfect location, well spent, can't wait to see more world renowned works! Tip: Please read descriptions, if you have no idea what art is.
Came with my boyfriend on a second Saturday of the month (free admission). We got here around noon and the parking wasn't too bad. The museum definitely has potential but I was not too impressed with what they had to offer inside. Very beautiful decor inside and out. We left around 1pm and by that time we did notice a long line of cars waiting to get in. Overall, it was a nice (& did I mention free) day time adventure.
The museum is located in a beautiful area & they take advantage well. They use their windows well to provide a beautiful view of the bay while checking out their exhibits. There's also an outdoor area where you can enjoy the sun & views. We didn't take advantage of the 2nd Sat promo they have going on. Free admission from 1-4p. Nor did we go on a Bank of America weekend either. Free admission during the first weekend of the month with a Bank of America card. We took some visitors from California to check it out and decided it would be a good idea for a first visit for all of us. Other than checking it out on a free admission day, don't go on the tour. Our guide talked waaaaay too much. & moved much too slowly for my liking. I mean, check it out if that's what you're into. Personally, I like seeing exhibits on my own.
Not really into art but this place is awesome. I'm not from the carribean but there new displays are amazing. Beautiful spot and they also have a great restaurant on the side. If your like me and have no clue about art or museums, check it out you won't be disappointed.
I was not impressed by the art in this museum at all, which is unfortunate because I really do love art, and the location of this place is amazing. Most of the rooms on the second floor have really great lighting and the views of the bay are spectacular, but the pieces on display were just way too modern for me. In fact, I'm not even sure how certain works of art were even considered...art. Luckily, I visited the museum on the second Saturday of the month (free admission). I'm willing to give PAAM a second chance should more interesting exhibitions be brought in.
The Museum is beautiful inside and out. I would want to come here just to hang out by the outdoor patio, appreciate the scenery ..but it's just missing ONE thing to be the perfect spot.. GOOD COFFEE...
Miami is a city full of vibrant culture and livelihood.  However, despite our best efforts to measure up with the other cities in the country, we tend to lag in our museum efforts.  Thankfully, all that is changing with the addition of the Perez Art Museum Miami, and the soon-to-be-completed addition of a much needed, re-vamped science museum.   The PAMM is situated on the bay, and boasts spectacular views, and a cool uber-modern facade.  Whoever designed this masterpiece deserves a hearty handshake, as the architecture alone manages to be stark, playful, and immaculate.  Parking is available in a garage below for $2 an hour, Valet comes to $10 for those not wanting to park themselves, and there is also a metro mover station within walking distance.   I must confess that Modern Art has never really been my thing (as I tend to be partial to Impressionist and classical styles), but even in my perpetual cluelessness on how a pile of colorful wrapped candy represents the world population with AIDS (an actual exhibit at another museum that left me a bit bewildered), I do in fact enjoy learning about art.  What makes the PAMM preferable for me personally was the lengthy plaques accompanying each piece that not only give a brief bit of background on the artist, but that also describe at length the conditions that the artist created the piece in, and what it was meant to represent.  Since usually all you get is an artist name and title, I found this particularly helpful, and it really enhanced my enjoyed of what might otherwise have been quite obscure.  I'm sure the exhibits won't be permanent (as most galleries tend to rotate with some frequency) so I won't detail everything that I saw, but I did find that after reading the information, I found each piece a lot more meaningful.  Also, it appeared to skew quite heavily on South American art, which I think is an area sometimes lacking in other Museums.   The gift shop itself has a number of interest trinkets that would make great gifts, and the cafe in the back of the museum is a great place to sit with a frothy cup of coffee or a pastry.  They have chairs set up outside as well so visitors can take in the impressive view.   Overall I'm quite pleased with the newest addition to Miami's scene, and I think it will be interesting to see what exhibits they display over time.  Well worth checking out!
I have been waiting for what seems like an eternity for the PAMM construction to reach completion and finally open to the public! However, if we're going sheerly on first impressions....NOT....impressed. The parking situation is confusing and very congested. We waited in a 'traffic jam' for at least 30 minutes just to get into the garage. And once out of your car, which way are you supposed to go? Head towards the bay which I thought was the back of the museum or through the parking garage? There are NO signs to lead you where you need to be! The layout of the actual museum is also very confusing. There are no programs with maps of the floors or exhibits. It seems the curator was just as confused as we were. Viewing the exterior, the museum is quite massive, but when you get inside it seems so small. I feel the layout of artwork and sculptures could've been better utilized. And the descriptions/artists were not even next to the artwork most of the time. Which again, is very confusing. I shouldn't have to search around to find out the name of a piece or who created it and when. It should be right in front of me! I was also UNIMPRESSED with 90% of what they're passing as 'art' in this place! Quilts, Chinese bicycles stacked up (wasting space), super political & angsty anti-government propaganda photography....no thank you! With the exception of one piece 'Number 130' by Leonardo Drew, which I found delightful, and an exhibit by Cuban artist Amelia Peláez (who's work is very reminiscent of the late, great Picasso- whom I happen to adore), the rest of the art was, dare I say, complete sh**. Although I do love the actual architecture of the building with its Frank Lloyd Wright-esque flare, hinting of organic elements located right on Biscayne Bay.....one can only hope that most of these exhibits are temporary and that the curators can better organize themselves in the future.
I give PAMM four stars for its overall space, magnificent collection and everything else from the cafe to their museum gift shop. In case you wonder what happens to the fifth star, I took it away because of the scare moment I had in their beautifully designed ladies room. Such a modern design that got me trapped inside one of the bathroom stall (they are build with solid doors and walls without escape space) after somebody else entered the stall next to the one I was using. Thankfully it seems to be a mechanical problem with the doors and after that person reopened his door mine got unlocked. Hopefully, PAMM will fix their bathroom doors soon so people won't get locked in.
It's nice to know that Miami is becoming a more cultured city, we can sure use it, so when I heard an art museum was opening, I was very excited.  The building is very modern, and located right in front of the bay, offering beautiful views of the water and passing boats throughout its abundance of glass windows.  The building is easily visible from Biscayne Boulevard, as well as the MacArthur.   In addition, every second Saturday, admission is free and it's family day, meaning that they have activities for kids.  There are large steps outside that face the water, and can be used for exterior seating.  On this particular day, they had 12 drummers, all throughout the museum, and all of them female.  My daughter enjoyed the interactive drumming, which allowed her to play the drums along with the drummer.  Several kids were participating and having a great time.  The hanging gardens overhead were pretty nice too. You enter to a gift shop (which I briefly scanned) and cafeteria (that I did not get to experience), and there are exhibits throughout, including some short films.  I wish they had mentioned some were unsuitable to children, I did not need my child to see scenes of people trying to escape fire and people covered in blood.  We liked seeing the sculptures and other installations.  There weren't too many photographs, which was somewhat disappointing, and not many nature scenes, which I like.   In addition, everything was pretty much contemporary art; I would have enjoyed seeing some impressionistic art, romantic, classical, etc., I am not sure if that will ever happen, but not everyone likes contemporary art and they really should diversify to please all tastes.  There were some Ai Weiwei quotes being projected on a screen, and some bitter old hag kept shaking her head at my child, who was trying to read the quotes.  I'm glad the snotty witch finally left, but there was no reason for her attitude on FAMILY DAY! The parking needs to be better planned, it was a genuine disaster, because when I entered the lot, I was not given a ticket (nor was a friend of mine, who I met over there), and she thought parking was free.  I assumed maybe this was the case considering we never got a ticket and they had just inaugurated the place, yet when I tried leaving, I was asked for a ticket.  When I said I didn't have one because THEY had never given me one, they tried to still take money from me.  I told them I got there past 4 (they close at 5, another bummer as this could be a cool nighttime hangout/place to take a date/meet an educated significant other), and they asked for $2, so I gave them my card and said they only took cash.  Again, they should (a) either have signs that say CASH ONLY, or (b) step into the modern age and have credit card machines like every other parking garage out there.  I only had $1 and the guy angrily grabbed it from me.   Hopefully, they will get their act together in terms of parking.  I'd definitely be open to going on another family day with my daughter, the activities are fun and interactive for kids, plus it's free admission for all.  The activities make it a great indoors choice for kids on a rainy day!
I have to say this is been a great experience. This museum is an awesome destination place in Miami. The garden outside is beautiful the view is beautiful of the ocean and the boats passing by exhibitions are amazing. We ate at the restaurant Verde right after going to the exhibit "crossroads to the Caribbean". The food was amazing the staff was  so hospitable. I recommend this as a definite place to stop by when you visit Miami or if you're living here. Love PAM'
What a rip off. $100,000,000 yes that is $100 Million in County funds to pay for a very nice bay front building with the worst exhibits and use of space I have seen, anywhere. Who is picking these artists? This place will never sustain itself and then the County or City will have to bail it out. Typical for our community.
The first thing you notice when you enter this building is how INCREDIBLY FREEZING COLD it is. Why on earth have they set the AC temp at -10 degrees???!! It makes browsing and enjoyment of art practically impossible.  Everyone was complaining of how cold it was. Lots of sniffling and sneezing heard all throughout the museum. Complete waste of resources, not to mention the impossibility of enjoying the art. The building is by a starchitect (Herzog de Meuron). And it must have cost (taxpayers?) at least $100 million. The concrete steps in the education hall/auditorium have already begun cracking. The cool-looking gravel path in the garage has already worn off and became pothole alley. Impossible to see exit signs because they're colored to blend in to the grey concrete pillars and roof. The bathrooms are beautiful and,yet, lack a soap dispenser. In what looks like a sleek and cool sink area, staff had to place a 'Suave' liquid soap bottle because the 'starchitect' neglected that some people may want to wash their hands with soap after going to the bathroom. The art that struck me the most was the Ai Weiwei exhibition. There were a few other works that were interesting - a Cuban Surrealist female painter, some Lichtenstein, Cindy Sherman, etc. I wish they had a better emphasis on current art from Miami or emerging artists. Seems like they wasted a ton of money on the building architecture (and AC bills probably!!) and did not give much thought to the art.
Came to PAMM on their free Second Saturday admission day. We had to park across the street because the lot was full. But they did give us a coupon for free admission for another day. That was nice. The museum is brand new, very clean, but on this day seemed a little disorganized. Too many kids running around, touching the art. Other than that, the collections were fantastic. Some great art, and some questionable pieces as well. The museum wasn't that big, only 2 floors of art. But everything was brand new and clean, and even though it was busy, we still had ample room to walk around and see all the art work. Overall, we completed the museum in about an hour and a half. Very nice thing to do on a Saturday afternoon.
The building is beautiful in a fantastic location,  but unfortunately in my opinion the art that is housed inside the museum is substandard, trashy, and not worth the money spent on preservation.   The country spent $100, 000, 000 on the art museum.  What a childishly waste of ego money that could have served a real need for the people in the country in 100's of different areas that would have been far more meaningful.  Don't bother going.  Not worth seeing.
Excellent young museum and the perfect addition to Miami's growth culturally and as a city. I have no doubt it will only get better from here.
Finally, Miami gets the art museum it deserves! There is truly something for everyone here. The food at Verde is amazing. The art is interesting. The view is breathtaking. I can't wait for the park and science museum to open! Thank you to all who made this happen!
If I may be so bold, this museum kind of reminded me of the MoMa in NYC. Seriously, the building itself is beautiful. There are vine-like pillars hanging down from the roof. There are lots of windows inside with natural light gleaming in and awesome views of the ocean and the cruises at the port. From fabric to clay to typography (my fave), there are all kinds of modern art pieces that will put your iPhoneagraphy skills to work! There's a restaurant too (the menu looks delicious - can't wait to have brunch here!) There are also chairs in the back by what I think is going to be a garden (?). I bet will look amazing at night and/or feel awesome on chilly days. This is a great addition to Miami. I can't wait to go back!
I managed to get into the Thursday night party during Art Basel week and I was impressed. On an international level I believe Miami has made quite an impact with this museum. The scale of certain installations are quite incredible and worthy of any major city. Is everything in the museum to my taste, the answer is no but I have to admire the scale and execution of the exhibits
wonderful addition to Miami's growing art market. the museum's architecture alone warrants a visit. the museum offers two floors of open gallery viewing, outdoor seating for views of the water, along with a restaurant (Verde), museum shop, hanging gardens (constructed meets natural botanical landscape), photography, contemporary art, indoor stage area for video viewing/performances. free first thursdays, free second saturdays, and after normal museum hours from 6-9pm every thursday there are performances, talks, screenings free with admission. adult admission is $12. parking is pretty limited and is $2/hour
Excellent modern works by Latin artists. Beautiful courtyard. Recommend taking the free tram as the entire area around the museum is under construction currently.
Miami can now finally count itself amongst America's other major cities that tout amazing art museums thanks to the PAMM.  The venue itself justifies and beckons your visit as a modern piece of architectural marvel.  Reflective of the City's broad demographics range, the PAMM blends local and international influences from all over the world, both in the physical construction and the art exhibits inside.  Designed by Swiss firm Herzog & de Meuron (see 1111 Lincoln Rd garage) and influenced by the nearby water town of Stiltsville, it rises above the adject Museum Park on a series of concrete stilts that gives it a light, airy, floating effect.  Inside you'll find many works of art representative of Miami's eclectic community of both the human and animal kind alike, such as the hanging boat exhibit you can't miss upon entering and a circular sprawling swarm of multicolored crabs.  The PAMM gives much deference to Asian artist Ai Weiwei whose art can be found throughout the venue (crabs, colored vases, a projected visual show) as well as outdoors displayed along the patio as the Asian Zodiac head pieces.  A shameless selfie pic with your respective zodiac is obligatory;) #pammpics  Interestingly, Ai Weiwei was the artistic consultant to Herzog & de Meuron's bird nest olympic stadium project in Beijing 2008.  Traveling to the museum is a cinch with onsite parking ($2hr) or via the connected Museum Park metromover station which is always free to use.  Closed on all Mondays, music party on the patio every 3rd Thursday of the month, always free for military, free every 2nd Saturday & 1st Thursday of the month, $8 student, $12 adult.  Go and become cultured, connected, and curious!
A few  days ago,I visited this new art museum It is well-serviced by Miami's Metromover elevated trains.It has a comprehensive collection of fine paintings by Cuban-born painter,Amelia Pelaez("Stillife With Cashews").Artists well-represented with fine  paintings included,Jose Bedia,Adolph Gottlieb,Faith Ringgold,Joaquin Torres-Garcia,Carlos Enriquez("Palm Train"),and Botero.Artists well-represented with fine creations included;Duane Hanson,Louise Bourgeise("Labrythine Tower"),Miriam Schapiro,Robert Rauschenberg,and Yael Bartana(video-"Inferno").I also saw fine photographs by Ana Mendieta,Naomi Fisher,Nan Goldin,and Jose Ballester("Endless Tunnel").I also appreciated the temporary Ai Wei Wei exhibit,including his photographs and other creations.There is a nice cafe on the premises.Seniors like myself receive a discount on the admission price.
