My son started here since he entered Kindergarten, and my wife also trains  twice a week at the Dojo.  Sensei Carol is very kind and a very good instructor (as viewed by how she interacts with the kids I see training).  She teaches at several local schools, and runs a summer program for the kids.  Obviously I like this place, as my family goes here for training, but I also feel good about the environment (you know it's a safe place).   She is a solid member of community and I support her efforts!  Her pricing is also very fair and affordable.  Not sure were the one "wonky" review came from, we like the place and appreciate the schools' time and effort on working with my son.
" I don't know karate, but I know kar-azy, and I will use it!" White Tiger and Dragon is a nice little family run Kenpo karate school that offers a lot more than just ass kickings. They teach karate and self defense classes to kids after school and also train future MMA superstars. They have weight training so you can get stronger and some cardio machines so you can become the lean mean fighting machine that is just yearning to come out. The owners are really good quality people and will work with anyone, no matter what the situation. The location is right off US 1 and near the metro rail station so it is easily accessible. Personally, I'm not a fighter, I'm a lover. If I did need to train for some big karate competition in order to fight off some bullies from the Cobra Kai dojo and in turn also impress a pretty girl and perhaps get a cool car... this would be the place for me
What White Tiger may lack in style it more than makes up for in substance. Sensei Carol, a highly rated black belt and Olympic trainer, has coached my son for the last year in Karate and has recently added grappling classes to the mix.   Most important for us,however, is the focus she places on education and discipline. Our son cannot train unless he reaches certain academic benchmarks she has in place and that alone makes the monthly tuition worthwhile. On a side note the Sensei Carol also picks the kids up from their schools and brings them to Dojo during the school year. All in all I highly recommend this Martial Arts studio to all ages and skill levels.
White Tiger & Dragon school is quite possibly the best karate school in the Southeast.  Our boys have been enrolled at several different schools as we have moved around several times, but none come even remotely close to this one. Sensei Carol is not only extremely qualified as an instructor, but her message is to the kids is amazing.  What she teaches them goes way beyond the motions of the moves.  She works on their mindset, their confidence and their life skills. In a world where bullying is rampant, Carol's real world advice has prepared our kids to be able to know what to do if they ever are faced with that kind of situation.  You can't put a price on that. There are several programs available that fit every budget and schedule.  The community of families in the dojo is great,  the place is casual and has a unique vibe!   All around 5 stars. "*****" You will not be dissapointed.
My son worked with sensei Carol for two yrs and she taught him many valuable lessons in addition to martial arts. I definitely recommend White Tiger & Dragon to anyone who would ask.
My son has been doing karate with Sensei Carol for the past year. First, we started at the after school program at his elementary school, and then we decided to send him directly to the dojo. Sensei picks them up from school and drives them to the dojo. What a bonus for us parents! At the dojo they do their homework supervised by one of the older kids and then, after they are done with all their school responsibilities, they do what they want to do the most at the dojo: Practice karate. Sensei Carol is a former Olympic trainer and this woman simply knows her stuff. Although I've never practiced this sport, my son has been doing martial arts since age 4, before taekwondo and now karate. I mention this because I can compare different places and I can't complain! Sensei appears to be a little old school, a very disciplined strict woman... which is just what my son needs to become better at what he likes the most. I'd recommend White Tiger & Dragon Martial Arts not only for the capabilities and experience that Sensei Carol brings to the table, but also because she truly makes the dojo feel like a second home for my son (including Happy, the dog, and everything!)
Our son has been training with White Tiger & Dragon for over a year.  His progress has been amazing.  The values, discipline and pride he has gained have extended into the rest of his life.  Sensei Carol and the entire training staff are dedicated and knowledgeable.  I would recommend this dojo.
My daughter has been taking karate with Sensei Carol for nearly 2 years now. She has developed some kick ass skills as well as the self-confidence to go through a tough tournament. She is now begining to teach and assist the younger kids--the school functions like a supportive, extended family. The focus of the school is on real karate skills and not much on frills. The after care and summer camp is old school--loads of physical activity but a relaxed atmosphere. Often the dojo dog, Happy, will be there to greet and play with the kids. Days at the dojo belong to the kids, and the adults take over in the evening. There are also classes for seniors through the Silver Sneakers program. My daughter learns a mix of the martial arts--american kenpo (a beautiful and complicated style), sparring, weapons (bo), and grappling. I only learned of grappling when my daughter began learning here, but the skills and confidence she has gained (she can hold her own against bigger and older girls and boys) make me a firm believer of the benefits of girls grappling. The facility isn't fancy. White Tiger's focus is on making karate accessible to all who want to learn--Sensei makes a tremendous effort to work with families of all financial situations. The school has been able to attract down to earth, dedicated kids who work hard and play hard.
I was so disappointed with this place.  I wanted to enroll my son here because it is right next to the place where I work out, but let me tell you that it is straight up DIRTY. As soon as you walk in you will see the left over food from the dog in the dirty plate.  So they have a dog that hangs out there and who knows where he pees when that place is closed. The entire floor was dirty.  The mats where they teach the class are all torn up.  The teacher is nice, but they are so messy.  They have one class for all age groups.  My son is 4 years old and was taking classes with 13 year old kids.  They do not have a specific schedule for the classes either.  So kids were walking in and interrupting the class while the class was in progress. What a shame I hope they put a manager there that knows what they are doing.
As a parent it's very rewarding to see when your kids have self esteem without their egos getting in the way.  This is what both my boys have acheived since attending WT&D.   Being part of this dojo is to belong to a very special family.  The older kids will sometimes work with the younger kids and this is my boys favorite time.  Sensei Carol trains my boys to be champs in the ring; as well as, in life.  So glad we found this place!
