We had a great time! I can't believe I didn't know about this place before! We laughed so much, is a real good idea to go with friends or on a date. Inexpensive ans just hailarious! We will be back!
This place is awesome! Really funny people performing to great crowds. The skits are very interactive w those attending. It's a small price for the entrance fee, for a fabulous night w friends. Make sure to attend when the Society Circus Players are doing their thing... They are very funny! Go on a Sunday night to end tour weekend w a positive note!
What a great show! Saturday night was our first visit to the theater, and we could not stop laughing! Such talented and funny people! This is the best kept secret in Miami!
So much fun. They don't serve alcohol, but thats ok! You'll be cracking up, even without the booze. It was a small theatre with comfortable seating. Its perfect for a date or with a group of friends. There was a little audience participation (only if you wanted to) and the comedians were truly funny. Would definitely return again. Also, pricing is very reasonable.
This is a fun place! I ended up joining their improv classes because I wanted to try what they do!
Awesome show they put on! It's very hard to make me laugh out loud, and the cast had me laugh from beginning to end! The cast is very interactive with the audience and go with the audiences' flow. It's a very fun, different thing to try for a Friday or Saturday night.... Not to forget very cheap. Only $10 dollars for a show! WILL BE GOING BACK!!
The only thing thats funny is the irony in their name.
As the name describes, this place is "just funny"-- Miami Improv at its best. I came here on a Friday, and the place was packed, but my husband I got good seats at the side. The crowd roared in laughter, and all activities they did were interactive and hilarious. I am a tad bit shy, so when I was called to go onto stage (without raising my hand), I was a bit surprised. Paired against another audience member, I was supposed to use the hands and body of the cast member I was assigned to tell a story against another cast member. I was a bit nervous because I had trouble following the story, but nonetheless, it was very fun and allowed me to step out of my comfort zone. Tickets are priced fairly at either $10 or $12, and it gives you the opportunity to relax, have a good time, and share a couple of laughs with the audience. You can clearly tell that everyone who works there enjoys what they do. I will probably come here again if I am ever in the need of live entertainment, but please note that you may be called out from the audience to participate, even though you may be that introvert who is secretly hiding in the back. And the adventure continues...
After reading such great reviews from such valued yelpers when the UYE was organized I knew we had to go. When we arrived we were greeted by a lovely hostess who was very accommodating, gave us our tickets and told us to write down our favorite quote and word and put into some boxes. What fun, Hannah and I stood there trying to think quickly and jot down the first thing that came to our minds. Shortly after the rest of our group arrived, we were told we could go in and be seated. The stage is small, the room was a small quaint comfy little theatre setting. Nice lighting, good music, it made you feel like you had the whole place just for your special group. Obviously there were other guest there but when we walked in we grabbed the perfect seats. Two front rows filled with yelpers. The show began and the energy level was amazing. The performers were very active on the stage, speaking loudly so there was never a problem hearing anything. My belly and face still hurt from three straight hours of laughing. We stayed for the second show as well because it was that good. Sometimes we get in a routine and do the same thing every weekend or month. This my friends was different, so much fun, and unique. What a perfect night of amazing entertainment. Great first date spot, couple's, singles, or private corporate events or just a large group of friends. They were so funny and at certain points they got the crowd involved by picking people and bringing them up on stage. Our famous Gina, JL, and I were up there at different times and it was nerve racking. Not knowing what they would do, it was just so much laughter and of course video recording. With Gina they did a skit of her daily life, it was hysterical to see how crazy busy she is with a family, kids, dog, work and YELP.....I will not disclose when??? LOL Then we all pointed at JL to play the "Love Machine" game. Blindfolded and three bachlorettes for him to choose from. I never laughed so hard watching the women come out. We are such great fellow yelpers that we helped to choose the perfect date for him. Needless to say, I believe he was in a pick up truck with a shotgun after the show. LMAO The performers did so many different skits, all so entertaining. They even did a special skit for Maria, our very own CM. I can not remember the last time I laughed so hard and for so long. Laughing brings so much joy to your life and is so healthy. When the final show was over and we were leaving all of the performers were in the front readily available for any questions or comments. We told them how great they are and how very much we enjoyed it. They offer classes for Improv and sketch, check their website. I am looking forward to taking many friends here and out of town guest. It is a fun evening out that is sure to please everyone! Many, many thanks to the impeccable service and entertainment. And to a wonderful group of fellow yelpers, great having so many laughs together. A special thank you to Carla L. for hosting this event, without her and yelp I would have never known about this treasured gem!
This theater is inconspicuously located on Coral Way between 31st Ave and 31st court. There's a small easel sign nestled in the sidewalk with "Just The Funny" written on it. Should you blink, sneeze or breathe, you'll miss it. I drove around for a bit and parked in the rear ( I love alleys and rape zones) of what seemed and smelled like a yoga studio. We decided to follow some peeps that looked liked they could use a laugh and low-and-behold there it was. The little easel indicating the entrance to Just The Funny Theater. A quick cardio walk up the stairs and you are in! 10 bucks for all-you- can laugh, chuckle, snicker and guffaw. I have to disclose, I am a "laughing on the inside" kinda girl. You will often hear me exclaim "That's funny!" Skeptical as I was, I put my coolness aside and opened up for a little laugh therapy. WARNING: Peeing in your pants is a highly anticipated reaction to the antics of a local troupe called "Chasing Tales" Bring depends, a playful spirit and some antics of your own as anything goes where improv is concerned. The audience's energy is just as integral a component as the honed skills of these improvatorios. I had an amazing time and was impressed by the tomfoolery, shenanigans and creativity with which these jesters performed. Just The Funny will empty your bladders and fill your bellies with laughter. Everybody should be Chasing Tales. I know I will.
What? Do I have gullible dipshit written on my forehead?? For years and years I've been the one flying under the radar. I've been the one sitting comfortably laughing in my seat while my friends squirm onstage under the glare of the spotlight. Alas and alack, for the past two visits to Just The Funny I have found myself onstage at some point of the evening //ah...the smell of the crowd, the roar of the pan stick//. But you know what, despite being the shy retiring type all my life, I actually didn't MIND. It was like goofing off at a family reunion with your cousins when you were still capable of being anything you wanted within the scope of your imagination. It was like getting on stage in the auditorium with your high school buddies and singing Bananarama songs to an empty hall. It just felt RIGHT. These guys are HYSTERICAL. They are having FUN doing what they do and that fun reverberates back to a tickled audience. Go with a crowd of people if you can, round up your family, have a night out with your book club, get your AA group to go. Its worth it, its a great price and its supporting local industry.   Where else in Miami can you get two solid hours of entertainment for $10? Parking is a bit tricky. On my first visit I parked in back on a residential street.  Second time it was the night before SuperBowl sunday so it was quiet enough for me to get parking in the parking lot next door. Carla, I will never forgive you for selling me out...BOTH TIMES...but I will never forget you for introducing me to Just the Funny.
I came here the other night with some of my favorite yelpers and we had a pretty good time filled with lots of great laughs. It's a tiny whole in the wall theater and you would probably never know it was there unless you were actually looking for it. There's not many seats in the theater so the performers have an easy time interacting with the audience. They ask you for ideas to start them off with and then they improvise from there. I guess thats what makes it so funny is because none of it is rehearsed. They just have to come up with funny stuff off the top of their head. They also sell things like popcorn, chips, soda and water...but it seems kinda cheap. It seems like a bunch of stuff they got out of a vending machine and they turn around and sell it for more to make a profit. I wish they had some nicer concessions for sale...but if they did I would probably make a fat ass out of myself, so I guess its good that they didn't have anything better.
This place IS AWESOME, small theater but with excellent actors. Very affordable including the snack bar. At first I was afraid I was petrified..... I will survive and I did. Don't get me wrong I was a little hesitant coming here but I was totally wrong. This place is so worth your time, you won't regret it. I came here yesterday with my boyfriend for a Valentine Show. It was great way to end our night instead of being in a crowded restaurant. Hilarious and a perfect place to bring your date or friend. The best part was getting guests to participate throughout the show. My boyfriend and I happened to be one of them (as usual I was hesitant). Something I would not forget, Dominant vs Submissive. Sad I still lost, but it was okay since I still had fun. Anyway Michael & Johnny were my fave, they did the most absurd acting ever and it was hilarious. The bachelorette was a nice touch to those single ladies out there. Although it would've been better if the bachelors paraded/gyrated around the woman while playing the love machine song hahaha. The show was excellent and the actors were great. We enjoyed their improv. It was original and one of a kind. BEST NIGHT EVER! If I am around Miami again I will come back. I'm sure  my boyfriend wouldn't mind coming back again.
I have been asked by Stephanie L. to go with her for a long time, finally we managed to get the time for their Holiday show.   At one point I couldn't breathe, at another I had tears running down my face helping my makeup run and look the fool when I left. Both were the side effects to my laughter.  This little troupe was an unexpected surprise in the heart of Miami! As everyone has stated before, they are a mixture of Improv and Second City.  Definitely worth the price of admission and more!
Great show, great price!!  This kills going to a movie and burning a hole in your pocket for that rip-off-of-an-American-tradition.  Bring your butt to Just the Funny instead!  They have great shows.  Some are rated all audiences and others are anything goes, so check online to see which is which before you go.  I would say it's PG-13 for the  all audiences rating.  These guys do a great job of interacting with the audience and incorporating very relevant events.  I loved it, it was like Saturday Night Live with Leno (::tear:::) meets Whose Line.   The value for your money is great considering you get to see a live show and actually interact with the actors.  They even give out $2 coupons after the show, which means your  next show gives you 2 hours of live entertainment for only 8 bucks!!  Think how great that is if you decide to stay for the second show, normally $15 for two shows, but only $13 with a coupon.  How great is that?!  On top of that, they even have a 12 month season pass for $70.  If you plan on 7 shows  or more in a year, do it!! If ever you're bored and wondering what the heck to do on a Friday or Saturday night, check the schedule and hope they've got a show for you to pass through here and laugh your cares away.  Forget the psychiatrist and Zoloft, put this place on your weekly schedule and you'll be fine in no time, lol.
Improvisational theatre (also known as improv ) is a form of theatre in which the actors use improvisational acting techniques to perform spontaneously. Actors typically use audience suggestions to guide the performance as they create dialogue, setting, and plot extemporaneously. That's what you get when you wikipedia the word improv and that's also what you get when you visit the Just the funny Theater In coral gables. This location can be a little hard to spot but if you are on the look out for the Bright yellow sign on the side of the building your sure to find it. Now they don't take credit cardsonsite but you can use them online to buy tickets off there  website. Show tickets are: $10.00 - FRIDAY & SATURDAY Night Shows (First Weekend of Every Month at 9 & 11 pm) $15.00 - For BOTH shows on any one night The 9pm show is all ages so the jokes will be pg-13 but the 11pm show is open range and when I Say they get wild they get wild !!! The laughs never end and the best thing about it is that they use your thoughts words and ideas to fuel the show. I highly recommend this as a preparty spot with a group of friends or even as a date night with your lover. They do sell snacks and drinks so make sure you have cash on hand.
Yay for improv in Miami! I love this theatre! I go to all their mainstage shows (the first weekend of every month) and always laugh my butt off! These people are really funny! The show is only $10 for one and $15 for both and it's totally worth it. All the people are really nice and the theatre is cute. I have recommended all my friends see it and the ones who have come back with me to the other shows. The first show of the night is short form, like "Whose Line is it Anyway" and then the second show is usually long form, like at the Second City in Chicago. I've been to Second City many times and really think JTF is great. A lot of them are well on their way to theatres like Second City! I definitely recommend anyone who lives in Miami go to these shows! Who knows... maybe you will see one of these guys on SNL!
I came here with friends a couple months ago and I had a great time. Who knew this existed on Coral Way?! It is a little hole in the wall and a $10 admission. They sell a handful of refreshments and snacks. Nothing fancy, but I don't every recall laughing so hard at any comedy show. It is partly interactive performances so it is a unique experience. I loved it and will definitely go back again, and bring others. This place is deserving of the community support.
I am not a huge comedy club goer. But I was convinced to venture to Just the Funny on a friday night for Ladies Night- Warning: This does not involve free drinks for vaginas. They women in the comedy troupe were quite hilarious, and the improve games they play with suggestions from the audience were funny. I got to go on stage for a game called mannequins which left me in tears I was laughing so hard. I went with a platonic friend- but this would be a creative place to take a date, i bet they've never been.
It's been said that Miami has gone through growing pains in the last decade - and on its way it became a city ...enter community theater - Herein lies the true representation of a burgeoning city and as such it must be supported by the community. Live performance will always trump media, and this is a group of highly talented and dedicated individuals who work real hard and make some pretty good productions. Best part, these guys are not selfish either, they share their knowledge and teach acting and improv classes- All kidding aside, these classes are better and cheaper than any kind of therapy you may need, hey, you may become funny and in the very least learn how to act. I would highly recommend these for Litigating attorneys, Sales People, or any other professionals who can benefit from public speaking and performance skills. This troupe is not funny, however......it's HILARIOUS!! a group of highly talented individuals who elevate the level of culture in our city,and at the price of entry they come as the best bargain in town. Wanna laugh ? Go to just the funny.
Great place for a first date, voted the Miami New Times...as stated by one of my buddies several years ago.  I was a bit skeptical, because JTF originally did the improv comedy show at the Miami Museum of Science. Walked in, noted small crowd, cozy atmosphere, but big laughs. The new theater is even cozier and it is directly at an angle from La Bodeguita del Medio on Coral Way.   Looking to having a big laugh for a small price and have nothing to do on a Friday or Saturday evening, go to JTF...
I took my girlfriend here about a month ago to try something different. I noticed all of the positive Yelps about this place, so I figured I would have to give this place a try. We sat in the front row to get the best experience. And from reading here it seems as if the closer you sit, the better chance you have of getting on stage to participate, but that never happened.  It is a really small venue that might be able to hold 50 people, but they really cram the seats in there. The admission was $10, which is reasonable, but after the show was over I didn't feel like I got my money's worth. I felt like the comedy group just didn't like our crowd and wanted to get us out of the theater right at the show's end. It didn't help that there was an obnoxious group of teenagers yelling things like "toilet" and "condom" for suggestions to the Improv group. The performers: Well, they claimed they won some award as the best Improv group in the U.S. or something. I didn't buy it. Nothing against them, but they just seemed uncomfortable on stage. Their characters were redundant in each of the different acts. They stumbled to come up with ideas and words. There was one decent act where I admittedly laughed a bit, but for the most part I just felt like they were pretty amateur, and I felt like I was watching my middle school talent show all over again. I hate to give this place a 2 star rating, as it seems everyone else has had great experiences here, but I just didn't see it. Maybe I could give it another chance as I don't think the group we saw was the usual group that performs every weekend. But I just didn't have the greatest time, and I am a very open-minded person that really wanted to give Just the Funny a chance.
I've been to improv theaters in other cities, including ones that feed SNL with their players.  JTF rages over them in terms of a quality venue for improvisational acting.  The sight lines and acoustics are impeccable.  The stage is a perfect size.  Lighting leaves nothing to be desired.  Who woulda thunk it, right here in da '305' we gotta improv venue set up that NYC and Chicago troupes would kill for? Oh, and I almost forgot! The laughs are hearty and plentiful at JTF!  Remember this is art and comedy (hopefully) created in the moment, live onstage.  It's magical when the actors ideas and lines all tie together in a piece.  Stop complaining that there's nothing to do in Miami except go to clubz and restaurants. Come on down to the JTF for some magical spur of the moment humor!
What do you get when you mix a small theater with a Little Havana location and an ensamble cast of improv comedians? Well, you get a small theater in Little Havana with an ensamble cast of improv comedians. Ok, yeah, that wasn't funny, and I'm not much of an improv comedian, but they sure are! Improv is an art and they were worth every penny. It is hard work and their show was quite funny. No script, because it is improv. As you walk in, you get to give audience suggestions for certain skit aspects. Sometimes the silliest things will turn up at the most inopportune times. Most of the show, you're tossing out random ideas for them to make something up on the spot. Sure, sometimes they don't really work out as planned and things turn out to be too silly for their own good, but who cares? If you're too serious then you are probably not going to enjoy it. I'm certainly going to go back. Bottom Line: Perfect for a date night.
I've been trying to get a group together to visit this studio for a while now.... and I was finally successful about 2 weeks ago. I went with a small group of about 4 people and we had a blast! Everyone definitely said they would go back again... Not to compare, but for those of you who are from the neighborhood, you may remember a similar venue called Laughing Gas from back in the day. Just the Funny completely reminded me of this... it's soooo refreshing to finally have a great comedic group back in the neighborhood once again. There are two shows on Friday night and two on Saturday night. I ordered my tickets online during the day on Friday for the early Friday night show (starting at 9pm). Tickets were inexpensive ($10 per show, $15 if you purchase tickets to both shows for the night). Once I arrived, all I had to do was say my name at the door. They were very organized, found my payment, and let us right in. If you're concerned about getting front-row seating, you may want to arrive a little earlier than 8:55pm, hehe, but we had no problem finding seats. WARNING: You may get picked for participation if you sit close up to the stage, so be prepared, but it's all in good fun. All in all, the jokes were hilarious, the topics were all related to breaking news and relevant social issues. Great comedians, a wonderful performance, and a good time all together. What a nice place; I'll definitely be going back there soon.
Just the Funny? Just the Amazing is more like it! Long live professional theatre groups of South Florida!! This stand-up comedy show is simply great. I have been attending their shows for about a year now and can never get enough. It's a great way to change up plans. I love that they ask for a lot of public participation, and they play with the crowd a lot. Don't forget to get there a few minutes early and put your ideas into the bin, for later use in the show. One of the best things about it, aside from the fact that the performers are great, is that there are two shows per night. So, one can choose between the early show at 9pm or the late one at 10pm. Each show is $10, or you can see both for $15. It's a good deal, I usually go for both unless I have late dinner plans. Another great thing about this place is location! It's on Miracle Mile, so tgere are plenty of dining options around for before or after. Parking isnt a problem either. Everyone should try it out at least once. Great date-spot too!
This is an awesome place to go with just about anyone...first date, special someone, family, friends.   We don't have too much stand-up here in Miami, and this is a great place to get your dose of funny.  It's always a great time there.  Everyone's always really friendly and the acts are usually pretty great.
Visiting from New York, my boyfriend and I came across this place. We went for a show after reading the reviews here. Just the Funny Theater did not disappoint. The comedians put on a great show and the host was hilarious! The reasons I gave it four stars and not five: a)For someone visiting the place for the first time, it was very confusing. All the doors were closed and no one was around to tell us where to go... where to pay... etc... b)The show was scheduled to start at 9pm and it didn't start till after 9:30pm. All in all, the experience was great and I would definitely go back for another show next time I am visiting Miami
I went with my boyfriend and a co-worker to see a former co-worker on stage at Just The Funny. The personalities and humor of the entire troupe were great! I was slapping my knees and laughing out loud throughout the performance. I really enjoyed their interaction with the crowd and hilarious skits. The performers were quick and creative in tying in current events and happenings. This was a great for of entertainment for a great price -- only $10. It was actually a refreshing weekend activity, different from the usual dinner and movie. I recommend every South Floridian seek out the Just The Funny experience.
Very small theatre which is AWESOME because that means there are no bad seats. Seriously, no matter where you sit, you will be in the midst of all the action.   Very talented group of comedians that literally just pull sh** out of their  a** at thea drop of a hat!  It is AMZING!   I would give this place the additional star if it served wine/beer but I imagine they have their reasons for that.  I will definitely be back!
Wow! What a great inexpensive night out with the friends or a date! We chose this place after a much needed break minus the kids and have no regrets! The people here really go the extra mile to keep you happy, amused and entertained from the moment you walk in. You can choose to purchase tickets online, so I paid $30 total for two adults. It included a drink and snack and the online convenience fee. Not bad! Guests are asked to contribute to the show from the moment they walk in. Everyone found this to be a lot of fun and it makes for a pretty ridiculously stupid good time! We are excited to go back with friends in the near future!
If you are looking for something different to do,  JTF is where you should go. You never know what to expect. Just go with the flow and see where it takes you. It's inspiring in that you think  maybe you could get up the stage and come up with some good lines yourself.
A small, obscure theater off of Coral way, but thankfully there was a little sign to point you to the entrance. A unique place to take your date. The actors are friendly and personable, and also run the place! Definitely a place to check out at least once if you are in Miami.
We went with a group of 20 people to JTF for my wife's birthday.  The cast was absolutely hysterical and it was some of the best improv we have seen.  We had been to Second City in Chicago last summer and we thought it was just as good if not better in many ways.  The small theater made it that much more intimate and enjoyable.  The cast and staff made us feel very welcome and we were able to interact with the cast which was great!  We are looking forward to going back and it is definitely something different to do in Miami which many people may not be aware of.
Only Con is that it has to end. This place surpassed my expectations staggeringly. I came to this place referenced by a friend and I only expected it to provide a calm atmosphere to end a perfect valentines date. Not only were my date and I contented, so was the other couple we came along with. It has sort of a ubiquitous appeal and can be enjoyed by anyone with a sense of humor. The improvisation was executed exceptionally, they do get involved with the audience occasionally so be prepared to collaborate in their skits. Hours felt like minutes, and the show is over right before you know it. The actors provided a fluent performance that lacked the usual pauses, groggy, or even incoherent portrayals that are found in most improv. I am beyond satisfied and it's safe to say that I will be falling back on this place for the occasional date. Kudos to the actors that performed on february 14 2014, you guys were superb.
This was my 2nd time coming to Just The Funny Theatre. It was way better than the first. They had a large turnout, almost sold out for the night. The comedians were hilarious, especially given the topics that were thrown at them. I didn't eat or drink anything but prices are reasonable for their snacks. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with my girlfriend and other Yelpers.
Ingenious. Hilarious. Professional. Never the same show twice. They really are consistently funny. Improv and sketch comedy. A great way to spend an evening at the theater.
OMG! Great Show! It was hilarious. We came out on a girls night out and it was amazing. Loved everything of the show.
meh.  It's alright.  Good Improv is difficult anywhere I guess.  Except maybe New York or Vegas...but hey 'just the funny' has local taste and local talent.  Idk.  I don't like slap stick comedy...I'm more of a Judd Apatow comedy seeker.  Been there twice.  Felt the same both times.
The name says it all! Just the Funny is a must try.  Go in with an open mind and be prepared to laugh.
This place is great and the fact that is cheap i love it even more. They are very funny and i would recomend for anyone to pass by and give it a try.
I really enjoyed "Model Citizens". The seats were a little damp and a few people behind us got into a little scuffle but other than that I had a great time.
I've been here soo many times and it's never let me down! Best place in Miami for sketch improv. Awesome place to go to on a Friday or Saturday night if you want a great laugh!
I went this week, and I want to come back with more friends, it's really good and the show is super cool :)
I've been going to just the funny since 2006, they never disappoint. They are hilarious and really do make you forget the outside world and whatever problem you're having for 2 hours. I do miss the "for adults" show but oh well! I went Friday & Saturday and I can tell you, the show is never the same. It's not like watching the same movie twice, i love them! Reminds me of my high school troupe days, it brings good nostalgia.
Went to Just the Funny for a friend's birthday.  Have to admit, I might have passed this place by a hundred times and still never knew it existed.  Once you get to the performing area, it's a nice cozy theater, that isn't so large and anonymous you feel disconnected from the performance.  Loved how involved they made the audience feel. They even brought the birthday girl on stage to partake in some of their antics.  You can tell that they are doing something that they enjoy, and it shows in their work.  Their improve is hilarious, creative and led to some really funny and memorable moments.  You can get snacks there if you're hungry, but their nothing beyond your typical high-school concession stand quality.  If you're hungry, it's probably better to eat before the show.  A great experience that is well worth checking out. Makes a great spot to go with a groups of friends, a date, or even just because you could use a laugh.
Really good stuff. Might not compare to UCB or iO, but those are the best in the world. This is the best in Miami. Main stage primarily does short-form, but they mix some long-form in there, too. And they really seem to get it. I'm dreaming of a day when South Florida wants more improv, so JTF can be running hot every weekend.
