Miami's sexiest men ! We choose hunk o mania  for my friends bachelorette party because of the sexy men and the excellent reviews. Our weekend would not be complete without this show! If your in the area for a girls weekend be sure to check it out.
This place is pretty much a scam from the time you walk in to when you leave. We all paid $20 for the 2 drink minimum, the drinks were all mixer and no alcohol. You are repeatedly asked to tip waiters and dancers in $1 bills, but the bar will charge you 20% to make change so you can do that and give you fake Hunkomania dollars to use. Unsolicited we had a hunk come and give our bachelorette a lap dance, when my friend put about 15 Hunkomania bills down his pants he got angry and demanded a $20, saying he didn't want the fake crap. It was really rude, but we paid him and he left. We fended off any further lap dances before they began. There wasn't much of a show, the dancers spend most of their time grinding on ladies in the hot seat. The MC became increasingly belligerent as the evening wore on, almost hostile by the end. We had a good location and I give the 2 stars for that and for the small amount of performance that actually happened.
If you are going to have a bachelorette party, forget any other place. this place is so much more fun with a different kind of shock value. I went here recently with some moms for a belated bachelorette party. (belated by at least a decade, better late than never!) It was the most fun I've had in a long time at a GNO. We laughed so hard and had so much fun. It is not raunchy or offensive. At first, when I read their website, I was thinking it might be lame. But it was not. It is true, you can take your grandma there.  And she would have a blast!! The music was good. The atmosphere, so fun!  The MC was hilarious (there is debate about this amongst our group), but he was very entertaining. The men were hot. And it was all about equal time. A great place, I highly recommend it for a gno, bday party or whatever.  I definitely want to go back with the ladies.
I chose Hunk-O-Mania for my sister's 21st birthday! I have to admit that I had never been to a strip club and I didn't think I would like it but we all had a great time! Actually to say that we had a good time would be a total understatement. It was an absolute epic night. The guys really know how to move! They are all sexy and good looking. All the guys were so nice and seriously smelled amazing. I reserved a VIP table and I highly recommend it, this way you don't have to worry about getting a good spot especially if you are going in a group. VIP tables are first come first serve so I recommend you get there early to get the best VIP table!
There aren't many words needed to describe this place.... First, buying the tickets... And easy, second you get remember of what you need and what to bring to the place. Third the people on the phone are not only helpful, but you hope to meet ten when you get to the place... This is a top service place! I am all about customer service. I don't take it lightly... This place deserves 10+ stars. I am the bride and we are coming here for my bachelorette party... No question, this is the best place we could have chosen.
We went to Hunkomania South Beach for a bachelorette party, and were extremely disappointed in the show. It was pitched to us, both in person and the flier, as a show more than a strip club, but that definitely wasn't the case. For starters, the stage was extremely small and makeshift. The front curtain fell off during the show, and the lighting left half of the people in the dark. There was no actual dancing, only humping the girls on stage and desperately grabbing for dollar bills. The "dancing" would only last for 15 minutes or so, then all of the guys would go around to the tables for 30-40 minutes to dance on and around the girls and take the bachelorettes/birthday girls away for private lap dances. In addition, we paid a lot of money to get in, which included two drinks, vodka only, which didn't seem to actually contain any alcohol. All additional drinks were around $18 (also, everything was cash only). Then our table was moved to accommodate another party, like we weren't as important as them. Don't get me wrong, I love hot guys with little to no clothing on, but I could go into a hundred other reasons why we felt this show and bar were extremely sketchy. I'll leave it at that, and recommend that you save a few hundred dollars and spend it on something more worthwhile.
Customer service is amazing! Was contacted a day before the event and he made sure that everything was going to run smoothly & it was great! They also remind you through texts and phone calls. You get what the title is: pure muscled HUNKS *heart eyes emoji*. I signed up for a group VIP table for a surprise bachelorette event. As maid of honor I set up the whole thing from across the country, I thought it was going to be hard but they made it extremely doable. They had us check out the hunks to choose from online. $20 charge at the door for everyone! It's definitely a good idea for an amazing girls night out! Glad they opened one up in Los Angeles! Running to Hunk-O-Mania for my first strip club experience and as gift to the bachelorette was an idea I will never regret!
5 stars ACROSS THE BOARD!!!!!! Management was so helpful, and the booking transaction was quick and smooth!!!! Celebrated my girls Bachelorette Party and it was an ABSOLUTE fun time!!!!! They are located in a great spot, very easy to get to!!!!
A fun bachelorette party time!!  Besides the bartender being really rude it was such a fun time! I don't like how you have to first pay cover, and then another $20 drink min just to get in.... Just have one charge and thats all... Absolutely annoying how they try to gouge you, makes the experience negative. I truly recommend getting a back rub from the tall Italian guy i think Dario? He was really amazing!! :)
The customer service has been overall great from the moment that I booked the show.  I had a lot of questions because I wanted to make sure that everything we do in Miami is awesome.  We are 11 girls from SF for a bachelorette party and it is all our first time here! I received a call for confirmation and also to give us details on what to bring, etc.  I requested a vip table and a specific performer and Brian was very helpful to accommodate my requests.  Very happy with the service and so excited to see the main service they offer  ;)
Been to hunk-o-mania 2 with 2 other girls for a bachelorette party.  This was a first time for the bride to be.  We had an excellent time.  The waiters where tentative and handsome. Got the bachelorette the hot seat on stage with Valentino.  He did an awesome performance with her ultra sexy and steamy!  Other girls also did the hot seat and the performances where entertaining and fun!  The hot seat is a must do.  We also paid for lap dances with a few other strippers!  They even have a stripper who looks like the wolf guy from Twilight.  Over all the venue is awesome and a must do for a bachelorette party or a girls night out! Will definitely plan another party here.
Good times ! We went for a Bachelerette and had a great time .
Ladies, I've always wanted to do this and we finally made a girl's night happen...what took me so long?!?? This is a must do! This place is a must go! The guys on stage are absolutely jaw dropping and put on a performance that I was so not expecting! They made it all worth while! We went out for a birthday party, they arrangement was simple, confirmation was efficient and it was all easy! We had amazing drinks and had the time of our lives! The guys were beyond 'hunk' status! I'll be dreaming of these studs for months! I'm seriously already planning my next visit!! GO!!
This place is awesome! Came here for a bachelorette and they treated us so nicely. Lovely cocktails...and well, I felt like I was on Magic Mike. So much fun! The guys were unbelievably hot.
Miami is hot and so are these guys!  Definitely a great time and so worth the value.  Management knows how to take care of your group too - drinks and eye candy!  What more could you ask for?  Highly recommended!
So I was in town for a friend's wedding, it was my first trip to Miami and I was really excited to celebrate her last night of freedom in such a sexy town.  We chose Hunk o Mania because I've been to the NYC location and I wanted to see if the guys were hotter down there. And oh my, muy caliente! We get in, grab our seats and strap in for a great show. Our waiter was not only really cute, but was originally from NY so we chatted it up. Friendly and quick with the drinks, what a killer combo. The show starts and I'm blown away by the dancers. It was right out of Magic Mike, the opening dance number is on point! Our bride is the first to go up for the hot seat, they bring the girl up on stage making her part of the performance.(Every bride or b'day girl should do this!) Our girl is super shy, her dancer noticed this and went slow easing her into the performance. She got so into it she asked for a private lap dance later. Not only were the guys really good looking and fantastic dancers, they were really nice. I don't know about the other ladies but all the guys I interacted were respectable. They were able to gauge which girls wanted to be flirted with, none of them seemed pushy too me. Speaking of the guys, they had a varied, take your sexy sexy pick. One of the dancers told us about the free party after at Club Play, and how could we say no. A chance to party it up with hot guys, it was like partying with the boys from Magic Mike! If you are in the area you need to stop by, fun will be had!!!
We just arrived at hunk-o-mania Miami, it is one of my best friends bachelorette parties. We were all determined to make it something truly special and we wanted options that were affordable but also really fun! We were lucky enough to discover hunk-o-mania!! What a hott and sexy group of men! From the moment we arrived the service was 10000% more than what we expected, we were greeted at the door by name and treated as if we were the only girls in the world! I recommend coming to hunk-o-mania for your next bachelorette party or just for a great night out!! Tons of sexy Miami men,  you won't regret it!
Excellent service and follow up before the show!  I ordered the VIP package for 6-12 girls for my friend's bachelorette party, and the guys made sure we all had the best experience. So much fun! Would definitely come back for future girls night outs!
This review gets 5 stars for: 1. Amazing drinks 2. HOT HOT SIZZLING GUYS 3. Amazing performance 4. Amazing service & last but not least. 5. Amazing lap dances! Of course there's going to be "those types" of girls that go to a show and are all shy and uptight who are going to say negative things. But if you and your girls are looking for a fun "Magic Mike" experience - this is the place for you! I went for a Bachelorette party for my good friend, there was about 14 of us and we all had an AMAZING time. Even seeing my friends face on the stage was just enough of entertainment, but the guys being totally scrumptious was a plus. The dancers were all very sweet and the bartenders were on point with them drinks! The show was just amazing - my friend wanted Magic Mike and boy did she get it!! It's just a new experience and one me and my friends will NOT forget! Tip: Buy tickets online for a cheaper rate!
Our bachelorette was so excited to go to Miami as soon as she found out there was a HUNK o MANIA show! She experienced HUNK o MANIA in New York for another friend's Bach party and had an awesome experience so we had to fly out to Miami!!  Booking online was so easy! I was able to book through their mobile site.  The organization is great with follow up and friendly staff! Our bachelorette can't wait to see the line up of hunk o manias!!
We went here for my friends bachelorette party and I was a little nervous because I've never been to a male show but it was so fun and one of the highlights of our weekend! The guys were so hot and ripped but really friendly! They even let us take pictures with them after. The ambiance was perfect for a bachelorette party. The bride wanted magic mike and she definitely got it here. I would recommend this for a fun girls night out!
Gorgeous men in hot Miami? What girl could deny that? Our bachelorette was so excited when she found out we were taking her to Hunkomania. We received fantastic service! A special thank you goes out to Brian at Hunkomania for helping make such a great night for our girl's last weekend of freedom.
We went to Hunkomania Miami for a bachelorette party.  The biggest lie about this place is to call it a "show." There is no show.  Instead, you pay $25 (or $35 at the door) - plus an extra charge if you want to sit down - for the privilege of paying for lap dances.  They kept hyping it as if a performance was about to start, but there really was no performance, other than occasionally they would bring women up to be in the "hot seat," to be lapdanced upon on stage.  It was weird and definitely not what we were looking for.  We wanted to be able to watch a performance - but they didn't offer that option. The guys were very aggressive about trying to get us to buy lap dances, which none of us did - so we just felt awkward and eventually left early. We were also told that in addition to paying for our tickets and paying extra to be able to sit down (which was shocking), we had to either pay $20 for two well vodka drinks or $40 for unlimited drinks.  We went for the vodka drinks, which were totally watered down - I couldn't taste any vodka.  A total rip off.  Don't go unless you just want lap dances.
The guys were amazing and so much fun. There was about 10 guys, which I thought was a lot! It was nice to see all the different bodies and faces. If it was just based on the performance and the guys, I would have given 5 out of 5, but the event itself was unorganized. The person on the phone who took my credit card was extremely rude and did not tell me that on top of the $1000 that I paid for an entire bachelorette and bottle service, I also had to pay $20 per person at the door when we got there. To save money all you have to do is pay for a single ticket for each person. Don't add any extras. You pay $20 at the door either way, and it includes 2 drinks.
Great place for a bachelorette party or girls night out! Guys are awesome amdnsuper nice! Awesome place.overall
Great customer service thanks to Brian.  Can't wait to celebrate my soon to be sister-in-laws bachelorette party tonight!!!!!
Came here for my sisters bachelorette party, and let me tell you, couldn't believe how great the customer service is! I've been to other male strip clubs but none compared to Hunkomania in regards to entertainment and customer service. Brian especially was helpful for our party and made the trip truly memorable. Thanks for an amazing experience!
This place was absolutely terrible!!! We paid 74 dollars each for a group of nine girls for a "table" and a "bottle of champagne" which served like 4 people. The cups for the champagne were falling apart as we were drinking them. They also did not tell us that we had to pay a 20 dollar cash "cover" when we entered in addition to the 74 we threw down for the table and such. Our bachelorette was supposed to get a private lap dance on stage, and instead there was no stage...they put her in a chair with another bachelorette and literally did some stupid dance moves on her that were disgusting. One guy then physically dragged her to the back , gave her a lap dance that she did not want which was disgusting and entailed sticking her hands down his nasty sweaty ass, then MADE HER PAY 20 dollars. Absolutely ridiculous. Seriously, I have been to hunkomania in other cities and it has been excellent which is why we did this. But this was the biggest rip off and waste of money I have ever spent in my entire life. There was only two good looking men as well. You really need to avoid this place at all costs. You would be better off just going to any nightclub in Miami through promotors. I can't believe places like this can get away with being on south beach.
