Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. This place isn't just any club it's an experience, from the music, to the DJ, to the ladies it's an insane atmosphere. The ladies are super talented, some do some crazy acrobatic tricks and $1 goes a long way here. In NYC $1 bills are frowned up in some clubs here. 2. This place is your best bet to see a rapper. I've seen TI, Lil Boosie, Uncle Luke just to name a few, but when they arrive it's a wrap for you since all the ladies flock to them. 3. There's a $20 cover male or female if you arrive even a minute later than 10pm. One time we arrived around 7pm on a Saturday and it was dead in there, this is definitely a late night spot. 4. If you got those frozen or slushy drinks there, be warned they are STRONG. I had three of those and my friends had to carry me out, no joke! 5. Any charges on your credit card appear on your statement as Fly Low Inc.
BEWARE!!!! Beware!!! I went there last Saturday with my Jamaican girlfriends, I bought a round of drinks and was told - the bar right by the entrance- A minimum of $50 to charge my car. The bar lady told me to run a tab. STUPID ME. I ran a tab and checked out when I left. I have not used that card since that night. I received a call on Wednesday from My bank informing me that an attempt to withdraw funds from my account was made on Wednesday. Further details reveal that I left my card in the hands of an individual who copied my card. Luckily my bank is AWESOME they recognized this and cancelled the card including the account. The unfortunate thing is I'm the one who has to deal with the after effects but hey- Lesson learned... I won't leave my bank card at KOD ever again. I have reported the incident to the police. BE WARNED.
OVERRATED. Really.  I think I got my hopes up WAY too high. The place, yes it's HUGE.  The girls, I've seen WAY better.  Their a** shots were RIDICULOUSLY fake looking and the thing that I really didn't like was, there were only TWO stages.  There weren't multiple stages.  Also, I mean you can only do the same trick so many times to where you start to yawn.  That's exactly what I did LoL I WILL say, the girls ARE talented.  VERY flexible and that's an understatement!  YES, you do see celebrities in there, that's a given.  Jim Jones & Chrissy were there, Daniel "Booby" Gibson was there and Black Chyna as well.  It wasn't one of their BEST nights, but I mean it was packed enough.
You really have to know what day to go! Memorial Day Weekend you can't fail. All the celebrities and ballets come out. Don't get caught taking pictures and don't let nobody keep or hold anything. Take your items to the trunk remember you're in Miami! Other than that enjoy. Oh and make sure the headliner is working the night you go also.
Man oh man oh man! I LOVE KOD! This was my first time visiting and I will visit everytime I am in the 305! I have visited a few strip clubs including Magic City (Atlanta), Onyx (Atlanta, Houston and Dallas), Pin Ups (Atlanta), Kamals 21 (Atlanta), Strokers (Atlanta), Blue Flame (Atlanta and Houston), Dreams (Houston), Harlem Knights (Houston) and KOD takes the cake HANDS DOWN! It is huge! Like warehouse huge. They have three poles (two side stages and one on the main stage). I went on a Saturday night, no event was going on, and I arrived a little after midnight. There was no parking fee and a $40 cover to enter. It wasn't packed. I stayed until about 4am. More people filled the club but it wasn't as packed as I have seen it get from pictures and videos. It was still poppin' past 4 am but I had a flight to catch which is why I ended up leaving when I did. I would say a majority of the dancers I saw (more than 85%) were pole oriented and performed so many pole tricks. All the dancers were bad and their bodies were tight! My favs that I saw that night were of course Remy Redd (cheerleader split on the ceiling), Shawty Redd (great pole work), Kayoz (acrobatic), FIERCE! (turned up), and Famous (captivating stage presence, good pole work). Turquoise is even more beautiful in person. The Murder Mamas were a nice act, not my fav tho. I didn't get to see Pole Assassin that night. I don't think she was working. Sapphire is also another great stage act. She has a unique stage set where she does this trick holding a VOSS water bottle! The fact that it wasn't a fully packed house, there were seats available. I doubt I would have stayed as long if there were no seats to sit down especially since there wasn't an event or a performer that night. A fun and interesting spin on the normal strip club experience at KOD is that the DJ encourages crowd participation, i.e. get on stage, tip the dancer, dance with the dancer, become a dancer [not kidding, the DJ challenged the customers to go on stage (those who were celebrating a birthday, getting married, etc) to strip for a bottle and about three girls did!] KOD is wild! Definitely worth checking out. Make sure you got your strip club money tho! Can't walk in KOD expecting to not tip a dancer or a dancer's stage set. These dancers will have you in a trance with their moves and you should show your appreciation by tipping! The only downside I have about KOD is the location. Unless you KNOW where you are going, you will get lost. I literally drove by KOD three times not realizing it was off this side street before you can rejoin the freeway. The funny thing is KOD is located right off the freeway and it is clearly seen from I-95. I had to get directions from a bouncer at The Office (another strip club nearby), who was nice enough to point me in the right direction to their competition, lol!
Hand over your gum before you enter. Pay $20 to get in. Exit, realize that the security guards ate half of your gum. Dang, son. Anyway, aside from that, I guess this place was OK? After hearing EVERY RAPPER rhyme about this place for the past few years, I guess I had really high expectations? Or maybe I just don't get it because I'm a chick? IDK what it is. I'm just not a strip club person. There was one girl that was "walking on the ceiling" and that was kind of cool. The DJ was also really into the whole thing and hyping up the scene, which was also interesting. I never imagined what it must be like to be a DJ or security guard in a strip club. Are you just immune to a$$ and tittie$? what does your girlfriend think? See, these are the things that I think about and thus why I probably did not enjoy myself. If you like strip clubs, you'll probably love this place. I have nothing to compare it to, but I guess it was ok aside from them stealing my gum.
The best experience ever!!!
This place is by far the best strip club i've EVER been to. And yes, i've been to quite a few including Diamonds of Atlanta. Went on a weekend trip to Miami and I have to say this was the main event. The place is huge but the building looks like a spruced up warehouse. Lots of parking. Lots of exotic cars, the girls were like Oscar winning strippers. Several of them have a huge following on social networks and have done Magazine spreads. This isn't your girlfriend's cousin stripping for soup and bread. Judging from the kind of tricks they were doing, most of them seemed to be in great athletic shape. Tip: You have to open a $100 tab to pay with a credit card at the bar and their ATM will charge you 8 bucks to use. Hey.. it's King of Diamonds.
King of Diamonds was a great experience I can't wait to go back. The show that these women put on goes beyond what you would call stripping ...not your average female can do these tricks and it would take extreme practice and strength to do what they do. The place is very large the DJ is very entertaining and plays real hiphop strip club music. They offer food and the dancers are very polite girls. The only thing I didn't like was the 100$ minimum spending when using a credit or debit card. Doesn't make since to me and also one of the bottle girl acted like I wasn't giving her enough money when I gave her 100 bucks to get me some ones. Other than it was fun.. When leaving we were greeted my the manager Frankie who was a very nice guy and wished for us to come back soon. It was a great time and you'll love it if you like hip hop and urban strip clubs. Thumbs up
When I die, I want my ashes in an urn kept at the DJ booth. These dancers are beautiful, and what they do is amazing they should 100% be in the Olympics, it's like Cirrus du solei. God bless all of them. Never had a bad night there. Thursday night is $50 top shelf bottles, you can't beat that anywhere.
You have to be aware that this place seems to cater to people who prefer ethnic/cultural African(-American) strippers. At least I have seen only black strippers the Thursday night I've been there. Most of the guests are black as well and they didn't play any other music than hiphop while I was there. They have multiple security people at the door and will pat you down thoroughly. The cover really was 40$. The place is pretty big and looks like a warehouse depot from the inside with two poles in the center that are like 20 feet high. The dancers put in quite some effort to utilize the entire length of the pole for their show. Overall kind of impressive place, but not really what I was looking for.
It takes a lot for me to give 5 stars so lets just say this is 4-4.5 We heard a lot about King of Diamonds and expected it to be pretty good but we were pleasantly surprised how great it was. We went on a Friday night which was obviously one of their slower nights but still had a pretty good crowd by 1:30-2am. $20 cover for us, got there before 12am, I think it was more after 12. Guys/girls etc. to be expected. Plenty of booths to sit in, I assume on really busy nights they sell them all for table service possibly, not sure, but we were told you can sit at any of them so we did and servers constantly came to take our order we mainly stuck with one. The servers weren't great took a while for the drinks sometimes even when it wasn't very busy at first. The high poles are pretty great and the dancers were very impressive. Mostly good looking girls, several talented on the pole, $10 drinks and $10 dances, pretty affordable considering. No gum in side, *shrugs* wasn't that big of deal. We drank a ton and spent more than any other time in a strip club but had no regrets, had a blast and would love to go back anytime we visit Miami again.
Good music ... However hood... Weed smoke... One way entrance and exit... Parking is bad...all the strippers have weave and fake asses...good breakfast food
I make it a point to check out strip clubs at new cities.  You hear the KOD is poppin from your party rappers and you are intrigued.  I came here on a Friday night after visiting Tootsies and it was pretty fun.  Drinks are decent and the dancers are athletic.  Music is cool if you like the new main stream ratchet - crowd was the same - but that's cool I like that.  Be aware that these ladies are aggressive -they will follow you into the bathroom - and they expect everyone to make it rain.  Oh also make sure you have enough cash left to take a cab home since none of the cabbies accept cards.  Enjoy!
Even though it looked like a ghost town when I went I didn't mind. My favorite drink was only $10 and it was made strong. The girls were sexy and friendly and hopefully next time I can catch them on a busy night. I still enjoyed getting to sip my birthday drinks in a not so crowded place. I'd definitely come back.
Hell yea, hell yea, hell yea- Just go and enjoy yourself. The ladies are all lovely and the drinks are strong.
Ok so after hearing every rapper I listen to scream about KOD on a song, on my last trip to the MIA-YO I snuck me a visit and well.....LET IT RAIN (or in my case drizzle a lil bit).  The girls are top notch, not lazy and about that money! So no need to wait too long for a dance cause they will come find you. Drinks and dances are not expensive all in all a must go.
I have only been at 2 strips clubs and this has to be by far one of the best ones. I felt comfortable being there compare to others strip clubs out there
My first time going to a strip club was last night. The thought of strip clubs makes my nose turn up, i had this idea that it would smell like buducci(booty,Dick and pussy) but to my surprise, that wasn't the case. 3 stars ONLY because this is the first strip club I've been to. We arrived by party bus and went straight in. Though there wasn't a long line anyways. The pat down from the female security guard was light weight over the top but, not the worse. The wings were delicious, can't say the same for the women. MAJORITY of them had FAKE ASSests and wasn't really working the pole like i imagined. There were a few I'd give props to. The crowd is cool but i also expected there to be more of a wow factor. I found myself literally falling to sleep. Need i say more? Bottom line, if your into fake assess (which Men seem to be into now days) then go for it! These rappers hype up K.O.D. too hard. P.s. Come with cash unless you're willing to pay an $8 ATM fee
Amazing experience surpassed my expectations
KOD...yes sir, great place, FINE dancers ( strippers ) not to bad of staff
What can I say about this place? First of all I feel compelled to mention how we even got here? Well it's my girlfriend's birthday and its Saturday night. This place is always being shouted out in the rap songs these days and we want to go to see what all the noise is about. I just knew this place was going to be upscale nice, white leather couches-posh, Uh No. If you're from DC/MD/VA and you remember the old Mirage in SW, that's King of Diamonds. We got a table with bottle service, and because no celebs were there it was cheap. News to me I did not know women these days were spending more in these clubs than men? Every time I looked this group of girls were throwing it up: Car note, Groceries, College Tuition daaaaamn.  Meanwhile the guys were trickin' on a budget, standing in the back slurping' the ice water from their drinks? The acts weren't bad,as the night goes on, ahem, let's just say the skill level increases. The funniest part was when the MC calls all the Birthday Girls up to the stage and he tries to get them to do a little something for the crowd. If you're getting any ideas, YES YOU TOO CAN BE COMPENSATED FOR YOUR SERVICES AT THIS POINT. Now did our birthday girl show up and show out? No, THANK GOD she's already gainfully employed!
I don't frequent strip clubs, but when I do I always go to King of Diamonds LOL Best black strip club in Miami, girls are good looking, friendly and are great performers (I love you Super Girl!) the drinks are strong and inexpensive and I never feel like something is going to "pop off" inside the club, Outside?! That's a different story. Went here the other day for my friends' bday celebration, security at the front appear ready for war. The pat down that you get makes you feel like you should at least be bought dinner first. It cost $20 to get in, yes women too! And as you walk in the double doors you encounter a giant warehouse style space that looks plush, you have bars all around and a few stages around the place. There is a 30 foot tall (yeah I measured it) pole in the middle that connects to one of the supports beams of the roof, that only the most skilled females dare to attempt to swing from pole to beam and then back to pole (you have to see it to believe it!) KOD is the place to be if you want to have a good time with your boys, in addition to cash make sure you bring an umbrella.
OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Now Im a fan of strip clubs and must say this was the best one I ever been too!! I didnt even know you can get so close to these women!! The women are thick, gorgeous, sexy, friendly, and pretty! And they can do all sorts of tricks that have you standing there literally looking stupid. A friend of mine paid for my lap dance and when it was done there was money in my clothes and hers!!! I loved it. The set up is cool there's a big main stage, 2 side stages and a stage towards the back. I couldnt even decide where to look when I first walked in lol. Anyway I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back next time I visit. ***Warning for the dudes** Bring lots of cash with you the atm's dont dispense that much but every dollar is worth it. The night I came I seen Lil Wayne, and Busta Rhymes which Im sure is this the admission was so pricy Parking not so great but once you get inside, you wont have any regrets
Late with this review, was there last month, but what I will say is that this was one of the best gentlemen's clubs that I have been to...Atlanta and Vegas have some good ones, but this is one of the best!!! The name, provides you a good indication of what you are to expect... This is urban club, so the crowd will be mostly of that nature. However, it is very secure..armed security outside and metal detectors and pat-down of all that enter...First let me say the size of the club is huge!!! (old wharehouse) multiple stages for dancers, as well as those who are walking around the club..On the night I was there they had 2 boxing rings with women inside boxing with over-sized gloves..but their boxing attire was the best I have seen (can you say nothing!!)... The cover was $20 to get in, which to me is the standard price..the drinks I ranged from $5-$10, depending on what you bought...The dances where $10, but worth every dollar, unlike other clubs, you can get as close as the woman allows you and they are easy to approach and there are plenty of women working in the club as well as those there to have a good time hanging out to party themselves. After all it is a club...let me also say, the dancers where not the skinny anorexic women that are in magazines or like the models who come to Miami, but your beautiful, thick, flexible, athletic women who enjoy dancing to music and provide you plenty of excitement!! When I left it was close to 4am and the parking lot was still filling up and more people was coming in, this was after arriving around 11:30pm, on a Monday night Will I return to this spot? Hell Yes!!!
ass ass ass ass asss I feel safe when they pat down every dude and chick that comes in through here and uses the metal detector. 'sure youre safe inside but what about all those niggas waiting with guns outside?' the ladies are straight outta videos...oh wait its huge inside and very open . it was an old warehouse.
My GF has been raving about this place since we were planning our trip to Miami . I looked at videos to get a feel for it because I haven't been to a strip club in years. I fond that this is a popular spot to see rap stars and beautiful women . We ended up arriving around 12a and the place seemed like the strip clubs here in cali , just a whole lot bigger.  The drinks are pretty strong , and there going to be a little cheaper than south beach . The girls aren't bad looking and as the night goes , this place really starts getting packed. by 130a its like a club , but there just happens to be 30 naked chicks making their rounds. Wish we could've stayed later , but the GF had an issue with the DJ so we had to leave . Don't ask . Make sure you check out the famous KOD when you're in the area.
So yes EVERYTHING from the last review remains the same...but I just wanna add this trip the girl at the TOP of the pole SET HER SHOES ON FIRE!  yes...she did...sparkling fireworks.  Yes I know you think I'm joking. No, I'm not.  ANOTHER amazing time and my friends first time was GREAT!  We used the party bus again...and it was EVEN BETTER than the FIRST TIME!  Oh and I am GUILTY this time of going to ATM and using the ATM TWICE for the $8 fee.  *sigh*  GOOD TIMES!
"Yeah, I luv dem strippers" explains this whole place...
One of the best strip clubs in Miami. The dancers are exotic in there ways it's amazing what they can do. The drinks are strong and the prices aren't expensive. The bouncers can make you feel a little uncomfortable at the door but aside from that this place is cool to go to on the weekends or on fight nights.
All I have to say is... you've never lived until you've been to the KOD.
So i know you have heard about this place, usually spoken by rappers or someone in the entertainment bizz... So is what they say about this place true? That guys go here here and spend BOO-COOHSS of cash?, that the girls are totally hott (lol) with big bunz and whatever else these dudes are craving? Well absolutely!!!!! We go here on a Saturday night for DJ Khaled album release party..... (You know i have to give it to myself I'm very adventurous) Okay back to the story..I'm going to start with trying to find this place that was tough, its nestled in between a small industrial district under some vi-doc of some sort anyway you pull in and dudes ask you where do you wanna park? close to the door for $20? or free parking back this way?, mind you the door has to be at least a mile away at this point maybe further, of course we opt for free parking bright side is they have people driving go-carts that will give you a lift to the door or back to you car for a tip so i guess $5 or so, we tip the lil guy walk up to the door line surprisingly was not long at all we pay now here is the catch it was slightly expensive hitting my pockets for $40 (ouch) luckily i wanted to see what this place was all about so they got my money lol we walk in, this place is huge i mean huge it has to be over 4000 sq ft two large bars, three areas for VIP, photo booth, a canteen area to order food and i noticed some things were upstairs where the girls go to get dressed and additional VIP area the have a super large women's bathroom with some Jamaican ladies working for tips having all essential women's products from hairspray, flatirons, deo, perfume, gum hey you name it they had it, be sure to tip them cause they get a lil feisty. Now the good part (small drumroll).... We hear the music playing the girls are shaking the DJ is hilarious keeping the audience entertained as well as engaged.. The ladies here can dance their asses off it almost made me wanna give it a try (siike!!) anywhos this is a completely nudity bar so don't go here thinking its just tits, NOOO my brother its all of that more than you may bargain for lol literally.. this place was full of ballers who prob threw maybe half a million in cash on the floor. Making it totally rain, thunderstorm lol DJ Khaled had the upper VIP and it was at least 12 girls in his area they may have spent close to 999,000 IKR!? the employees had to come sweep the money off the floor and the stages lol it was going down folks This place better than any of the strip clubs i have visited in the past so of course they get my vote awesome place to take a dude who loves lap dances .. you know if i had a boyfriend i would take him here and let the girls dry hump him til no return lmao!! j/k but really a cool place to have a drink or two, people watch and all the above!
I flew in town on Tuesday for a business meeting. While here I brought my two friends to have fun in Miami with me for a few days. The night we went was Tuesday and the night was slow. This was my 1st time ever at a strip club. Everyone from the bouncers, bartenders etc were very attentive to us 3 ladies and were genuinely very nice. The facility is extremely large and there are a lot of hidden VIP areas that you would never know about unless you knew they were there. We didn't have to pay a cover. The drinks were kinda weak more juice then vodka so that was disappointing.  The dancers were all very good. They were real cool and chatted it up with me and my friends at the bar and was trying to teach us some of the moves they do. The carpets could use a good shampoo, they were dirty and yucky. I would recommend they get hardwood floors. The bouncer who talked to us stated owner passed and now his daughter took over. Hope they bring the decor up a notch. Overall, though it was a slow night we had a blast. I will defiantly be back and come on a weekend.
Now if you wanna  to see some booty booty booty booty This is the place to be pow!!
First time there. And while the strippers are all great, talented, nice bodies, etc. I couldn't give them five stars thanks to ANGEL! He was at the door when my husband and I went. We were to celebrate his birthday and our anniversary. I understand the whole "selection" process when going to clubs however, when you (ANGEL) bring two terribly dressed (tank top, dirty bra showing, slides) pass groups of people who are impeccably dressed, I take offense to that. Could it have been their color versus ours? Hmmm makes me wonder. The funniest thing about it they left after about an hour never spending one dime...it didn't spoil my evening though, so I'll be back!
Okay, it was my 1st time in MIA and everywhere I went, there pple trying to sell me a package to get in the club.  A package deal for KOD was on the list.  My friend and I decided to go for a package deal which was open bar before the club, a party shuttle ride to KOD (which is about 20 minutes away from Ocean Drive), entry, a VIP wristband and seating, and a return ride back.  I was skeptical in the beginning b/c of the thought of giving money away to strangers but it all worked out as the promoters promised.  On top of that, celebrities walked in the bldg round' 230AM throwing $ in the air so I was overjoyed!!!  The dancers and other staff members were all really nice as well.
All extremely attractive, all dance extremely well on the pole. What more is there to say?
I love then strippers. Lol
I went there on a Saturday, I thought it would be on an poppin' but it wasn't. A cab driver told me that the best day would have been Monday when Keyshia Cole was there. I still like the club though, it is huge and I saw a lot of big booty women which is all I care about. I had some nasty old wings there though...i wouldn't recommend their food but the entertainment was good. I saw some fake asses, fake titties, but who doesn't see that at a strip club? The stripper pole is HIGH it goes all the way up to the ceiling that shit looks dangerous, I got nervous every time a dancer went up to the top.  I had a good time and I would recommend it to everyone really.
I really don't do the strip clubs unless i'm working.Not only does it have adult entertainment ,but a nice nightlife scene as well.
Had a great time! Nice open clean space.  No desperate dancers like the ones I've seen in some strip clubs.
