So most reviews I've read for Mansion have been pretty bad. My experience was a bit of a contrast to that. Being on vacation, the last thing I wanted from Miami is an experience I can have in LA. I caught a night with a great DJ, and some of the most beautiful women on the planet in attendance. Yes it was expensive, but it's South Beach so I did not expect anything less. A lot of celebs came through, and I had a good time. Just make sure to check what DJ is playing the night you want to go to Mansion, it will surely make or break the experience.
So the ticket which we got said the door will be open at 10pm. Oh well it didn't happened till 11 but at least we were first in the line. We had problems with ticket but the manager came fast so star for that. The club is very overprice . I went to the best clubs in Europe and they much bigger and cheaper than mansion. But I guess it's club for celebrities mostly.
Not bad... Four friends and I came here to celebrate for a bachelorette weekend. It's a decent club with a great sound system and pretty lasers but apparently, you're allowed to smoke indoors (is this a Miami thing?) which totally ruined the experience for me. The crowd is incredibly diverse - there were Norwegian boys and I met a German guy and a Dutch girl - and everyone is impeccably dressed. You have to look good to make it through the door so keep that in mind before you head over. No one was really dancing but I love to dance so my friends and I got a little something started and people got out of their seats and started to shake it too. We had paid for a little package deal so we were allowed in the VIP section and got to have a few drinks for free (from someone else's bottle service) which was cool. But again, the clouds of cigarette smoke killed the vibe. Our hair, clothes, bags, even our shoes stank after we left the club.
This place sucks.  I've been here before.  They've gone downhill.  All they care about is their bottle service clientele.  They've removed big name headlining DJs from the stage simply because their big $$$ bottle service clientele didn't like the music.  Avoid this club like the plague unless you're a pretentious money-flashing twat looking for a plastic slut for the night - then it's right up your alley.
Mansion as any club, has its nights. Depends on whos playing, depends who you go with and depends how drunk you get. The drinks are very expensive, the music is very loud. This is what they mean when they say a club in south beach.
I went here the first night it was open after the remodel to see Sydney Blue and Deadmau5.  The club looked nice and the light show was AMAZING.  However, I felt like the prices were high even for two world renown DJ's.  There are two different DJ booths which is a neat idea.  It allowed one DJ to set up during the other one's set, so the transition was smooth.  There's also holsters so that acrobat ladies in pasties and hang from the ceiling and do tricks above the crowd.  Dudes, just go ahead and get a table.  Ladies - you know the drill - wear something slutty and smile.
It took SO long to get in. They held back a large crowd, even though we were all VIP, for nearly 30 minutes outside of the door! I was irritated... Idk if they did this to attract more by standers or what but I wasn't happy. Finally my friends and I got in and found our table on the first floor. Carnage was scheduled to playing tonight, I got inside by 12am and it already felt like a PARTY. My body was ready for some serious trap biz haha! It's not super classy so don't worry about dolling up as if you were going to liv. Heels are required but it's pretty laid back inside. The bathrooms STUNK and were nasty, which I hated. Bleh. But the atmosphere was just PARTY PARTY PARTY! Who cares about who's wearing what? I digged that. So... Out of all the other "elite" clubs I've been to so far (LIV, story), mansion has the BEST performers and a badass sound system. There's lights everywhere on the ceilings, it's a cool lighting system. But their performers... They've got Lyra, this cube thing hanging from the ceiling, and the costumes were OUTSTANDING. what's cool is that after the girls finished their performance, they would dance with the crowd! :)
crazy long line. we had free passes to get in before midnight. we got there at 11pm. [FUCK free passes they will NEVER work for this place] they said we could get in right away for bottle service $2000, we declined. they gave us the run around until 11:45pm, we got in [7 HOT LADIES, 2 HOT GUYS] it was still before midnight, we all collectively gave out passes to the door girl. she TOOK the passes away, and told us we could all pay $15 to get in or we could leave. whatever we paid.. -bouncers & the door girls who think there hot [& their NOT!] = RUDE!! -the place looks really ghetto from the outside. its actually really nice inside. we go to the first bar we see, our birthday girl orders us 5 shots of lemon drops. tab for 5 shots $100. yup! insane -2nd round of drinks 2 long islands $36. served in a small ghetto white tiny plastic cup. [at this point 1/2 our party left..i stayed with a few others] we were dancing closer to the stage [the club is HUGE] we got called into VIP where we had a BLAST! -VIP is where you want to be in this place. the entire club is centered around it. if you arent in VIP you are dancing around it. imagine a square, and a square INSIDE the square, you want to be right in the center. if you dont plan on getting a table/bottle service you better plan on meeting someone who does otherwise its not worth your time...
Sound System....Check. Full Bars....Kinda. Dress Code....Impressive is an understatement. Crowd...Diverse and beautiful. This place has the recipe for a great nightclub. I just wish I didn't come for Hip-Hop night. Personal preferences aside, this is a large club and Mansion still holds the standard for Miami Beach club life.
I'm sort of conflicted about this review because while the club wasn't "poppin" when we went so the atmosphere was pretty watered down. I was disappointed after hearing everybody in South Beach rave about this club. There were also a lot of older men and women who looked like they didn't belong there. However, the club itself is pretty sick, and worth visiting if you're from out of town. I recommend checking the website to go on a night when there's an event happening to avoid disappointment. The music was alright, but not really stuff worth dancing to.
We visited here for a friend's bachelorette party and were super excited when we got early access and were the first ones in.  Strange thing was that it was midnight, with a huge line outside and they were charging up a storm. We were first ones in with a reduced price and it was empty, so not sure why the line is so long.   We had high expectations, but as the night wore on, we were impressed by the special techno laser lights and large rooms full of people, but the DJ was playing all techno music all night long.  There was not a lot of dancing, but many people just staring at each other.  One other girl in another group asked me if there was hip hop in the club and looked bored because of the techno music. Basically, the DJ for the hip hop room was 'maybe' coming that night and we waited an hour and half and the person never showed. I didn't realize performing gigs could be optional. Also, we ordered drinks which were 20 dollars each for one gin and tonic which was a total rip-off. This was very overpriced and not worth it.  We left and went to a dive bar across the street and to another place afterwards, both which were ten times more fun because they had good music and higher energy.  Tip: Check beforehand to see if you will like the music they are playing that night, otherwise, the long line, wait, and expensive drinks are not worth it.
I agree. Great venue. Loved the light show. Lots of almost naked acrobats performances that reminds me of clubs in Vegas. Too bad crowd was meh. Saw old people there...such a turn off. Plus lots of stupid creepies that doesn't take the message and continue to follow you around. Awesome music, I didn't even need alcohol to feel it and dance my butt off. Sadly it cleared out so early!
I had so much fun at Mansion! We were in the DJ booth so our view was amazing. So much fun.
sober experience - it takes much too long to walk three feet in that place... there aren't enough bartenders to serve the amount of people in there, so by the time you order your drink, you'll probably drink just about anything they throw your way... then when you realize that you just paid $50 for 2 drinks, you want to die... the bathroom lines are always much too long, but you always have some interesting conversations with someone who has already had one too many...  as a sober human being, never again... inebriated experience - now this is a good time.... i don't know how, but i always end up at someones table, with a bottle of champagne in my hand, dancing on top of the nearest speaker.... word to the wise....pregame.
Lame! $30 cover for everyone and everyone standing on their fb!! Don't go!! Wasted my $$ buzz kill. Not re-entry..really gorgeous people mostly good but lame!!! No one having fun!! Overpriced drinks at $16
Small!  But the production is cool:  ceiling of changing lights and performers doing tricks and looking all trippy.  Sound for Mord Fustang and Morgan Page night during WMC 2013 was eh, good.  No Jameson? No patron? Umm.. ok.
This club used to be good way back in the day. Now is just for tourist, locals do not really go there anymore. Reading through the reviews here i see a lot of people have also gotten their belongings stolen. That happened to me a couple years ago, which by the way was the last time i visited Mansion. Someone stole my iphone from my purse!. I was overdue with a review but now that i see so many people commenting on this, i had to post this. This is Miami Beach, so expect $ 30 cover and $20 drinks, that is "normal". but having your stuff stolen? unacceptable. So many better places to hang out in Miami i recommend you skip this and save yourself a headache.
*Yawn* This place was okay. Not good enough to keep my friends and I interested for long. Typical club that makes you stand in a long line outside while they 'select' a few people here and there to go in, but once inside doesn't quite live up to the hype. Venue itself was really nice inside - but the music selection was not...consistent. Sometimes it was good, sometimes you wonder what the heck the DJ is thinking. It was nice that they have couches for lounging even if you don't have table service - good for feet dying in heels. Also, some kind of event was going on the night my friends and I checked out the place so our 'free' passes didn't work. $20 cover charge for an OK place.
If you watch the Chippendale's show on Saturday night, then you're an automatic in for Mansion. Otherwise, we would have bounced after hearing about how much they charge for cover - $30. 1 star for it being spacious along with the Chippendale dancers hanging out with us after the show. There are various rooms with different types of music. We were supposedly hanging out in the hip-hop room. We were there for drinks and a couple of the Chippendale dudes came to hang with our party. Damn, one looked like Kevin from the Backstreet Boys, and the other was just a cute youngin - as in 22. I do like the boys young, but da-yum THAT'S young! That was pretty much the highlight of the night - the handsome boys. Otherwise, skip the Mansion. The music was bumping and we were all feeling good after the show. I bought 2 shots. The dude muttered what I thought was "$4" as I busted out my credit card, and I said "what?!" What I thought I heard "$4" was actually "$44". WTF?! For 2 shots!! As I looked at the receipt the $44 was for the 2 shots and inclusive of gratuity. Seriously?! Do yourself a favor- save your money and pre-party before you get here. When we decided to hit up the main dance room, we were at the bar and witnessed the bartender put water into the bottled drinks behind the counter. So basically, we are paying top dollar for watered down drinks and gratuity. PASS...
What a total tourist spot. We had free passes from our hotel concierge, which should have been our first mistake. Supposed to get you in without waiting with a free drink, but didn't work and ended up having to pay the price. I didn't mind, since we were all on vacation and rolling with a  bad ratio, but lord do I wish I got my money back. I've heard many good things, about the club from years back, and I'm sure it was a good spot back then, but save your time and go somewhere else if you enjoy good music, because I'm thoroughly convinced that Miami DJs do not know how to spin good hip hop. I will honestly say that it was one of the worst clubbing experiences in my 10 years of going out all over the country purely cause of the music. If you're absolutely stuck at this spot, get drunk... really drunk.
My friends and I decided to go to Mansion while on vacation in South Beach. Let me start off by saying that the club is huge. The Decour is nice, the bartenders are great and the music is always high energy. The Dj's there always play nonstop jams and club hits. But at the end of the day those are not the only factors that make any Club a great environment or place to be. First off the lines are extremely long and very chaotic. The bouncers don't seem to have any kind of control over things so what they do if they let in those who have money or those who seem to be regulars over people who arrive or have been there first. When you finally get into the club the guys use their lack of confidence to become overly aggressive touchy douche bags!!! You notice that the women, although beautiful or all pretentious, superficial and egotistical brats. While in the club one of my homegirl's got her phone stolen while another one got her wallet taken. So while in mansion I suggest you be alert and aware of everybody who is around you at all times. Because that place is known for having pickpockets and you never know who's around you.
After craptastic service at Set, my girlfriends and I headed to Mansion and our experience was amazing.  Despite the long line I told the bouncer we had a table reservation (total lie...) and he led us right in to a table on the dance floor.  Our waitress was really sweet and all the bar backs and security guards were totally attentive.  Security noticed that we kept telling guys to leave our table because we wanted to hang out with each other, not random dudes, and they sent a guard over to make sure we were left alone.  The DJ was pretty good although the music felt kind of repetitive towards the end of the night.  I would definitely go back - it was a really fun, crazy crowd, good people watching, and not at all pretentious.
My wife and I stayed at a nice hotel in south beach and they took care of our table service request at Mansion. We showed up here with three local friends and they immediately took care of us. We had a two bottle minimum which is expected for this type of club. Initially we were seated in the hip hop area which was great for me. We partied a bit there but the local guys insisted that we switch over to the house section. We made the request and they very kindly did this for us. They swapped out our wrist bands and walked us over. Our grey goose bottle had an attachment to it which made it glow in the dark.... AWESOME. We followed the bottle to our new table..... What a difference! This nightclub had one of the most incredible layouts that I've ever seen. Zedd was on the main stage and the entire show was absolutely spectacular. So many beautiful people, everyone was dancing, the vibe was wonderful. They got us with a 1200 dollar bill later on but it was worth every last penny.
mansion was tons of fun! not only was it one of the first clubs we hit up but we went back for more almost every nite! the bouncer became our 'friend' and we didn't have to wait in line or even pay on the nites we showed up past 1:30 or 2am. the venue is huge and the layout gives adequate dancing room, lounging and seating, and the drinks are good and stiff. I remember the drinks being pricey but it's that way in all of Miami..that's what hotel happy hour is for :) ..and making tons of friends! mansion is a tourist spot but that doesn't mean you won't have fun. good people, good music (house/hiphop) and a huge venue to roam around in.
Not worth it.  It's big, plays music, has lights, lots of people etc.  Nothing unique or special though.  Customer service is lousy.  Near the end of the night I switched to water.  I asked the bartender for one, and she gives me a bottle of water for $10!  I told her that's not what I meant and she threatened to kick me out if I didn't pay immediately.  This place just takes advantage of people who don't know any better.  Going here does not make you some famous rapper or celebrity; it just means you're a chump.  Lesson learned for this guy.
The only thing that keeps this place from being effing amazing are the prices.  Are you kidding me?  $12 a drink?  Oh, and these "VIP passes" from the hotel and street guys, B.S.  We still had to pay cover and did not get any drink tickets that were Supposed to be included.  In all, for about 3 hours of Great music and dancing we spent about $50-70 per person on a Wednesday night.  I definitely loved the music but could've enjoyed myself so much more if I wasn't going bankrupt/getting scamed with each drink.  Oh, also had a feeling that most of the "kids" there were not necessarily of age.  Ever seen the show Prep School about spoiled NY kids?.....
This is one of the biggest & best clubs in Miami. Was very packed inside on a Friday night. More unattractive guys than girls was a negative. We did not have a hard time getting in but I was with 3 pretty girls & one guy we were given wrist bands outside our restaurant by one of the club promotors. The music was great! Was a nice way to bring in my birthday weekend! Will definitely come back on my next visit to south beach.
This is a nice mtv like mansion club but not as busy when i went in.  Make sure to get on the list if you want to get in faster.  Bottles here are super expensive and start around 250 and if you want a table it will be more.  Dress to impress.  I only went there cuz i was on the list and got others friends in and to go dance of course.  I don't think I would go here on my own budget lol.  Music is okay.  I definitely love the lighting and layout.  People aren't creepy in there and its actually entertaining.  They have some hot gogo stripper like dancers in there.  It be best to find some sugga mommas or daddies and you'll be set for the night.
I came to Mansion to see ATB. I've been here before and I do see improvements with the addition of VIP areas and the lights. I liked the music they played. There were a bunch of weirdos, more than what you normally see elsewhere. The process you have to go through for your entry in is very messy. I texted a promoter and he put me on his list, he told me I had to be in before 12:30 in order for me not to pay: I got in at 12am, I told the girl at the counter I was on the promoter's list and she told me I had to pay and I showed her the text message that said I would get in for free... I ended up paying because I was already there with friends, and I had low expectations before getting in. Regardless, the promoter should have been honest from the beginning. I recommend paying a bit more and going to Story.
Mansion's macabre light shows, scantily clad performers, and perfectly executed themes will certainly whet your apetite if the parade of well known DJs does not.  The problem is that they let so many people inside that you can't hope to dance (or do anything but slowly jam your elbow into the girl standing behind you who's ass is causing you to spill your drink). The potential for this notorious playground is high (you know I'm a sucker for beautiful build-outs and beautiful people), but the overcrowding deters me.  And just think ... if the door would just stop letting in underage jailbait how much more space there would be?
We came to Mansion last week for my girlfriend's bachelorette party. I really tried my hardest to like this place, mostly because I keep having friends who insist on choosing to celebrate their birthdays at Mansion when we're in South Beach. The decor is nice.  Nice bar areas, trendy lighting, and the DJ always bumps the best music!!  The bartenders are as attentive as they can manage to be considering how busy the place is. But, oh man, it is DOUCHE CITY!!!!!!!  It gets overcrowded really quickly and no one seems to care how hard they push by you or step on your feet.  They're probably too drunk to even feel anything because they're too busy blowing their parents' money on bottles and shots. Some guys get a little too bold and touchy and the lovely ladies in Mansion are mostly prissy and full of themselves.  I'm just so over this place!  Please, friends, stop celebrating there, this place sucks!
I've been to establishment more than a dozen times, or more than I can count. Let's just say I pretty much became a regular. I got in without paying cover most of the time, though I guess knowing someone who works there helps. Promoters don't hurt either. Some tips: get there early, respect the doormen, follow the dress code (no sneakers/sandals and nice shirt or dress, etc.), bring earplugs unless you want to lose your hearing because it will GET LOUD.   Sound system is awesome though, and you'll have a good time as long as you don't cause a scene like some folks I've seen. Place can get crowded so be prepared for standing room only, especially if it's on a busy night with a big name DJ spinning. That's the only downside I can really think of. Like I mentioned earlier, I have connections with promoters for guest list if needed. I also know one of the resident DJs.
My cousins and I decided to go here after a promoter approached us at Nikki Beach the night before and told us he could get us in.  First of all, we are from Chicago where there are nicer clubs.  Anyways, we get to mansion and it is a complete cluster outside.  Hundreds of people standing around and security is entirely unorganized. Also, metal detectors?  Should have been my first hint that this was not my scene to be at.  We must have went there on the wrong night because all that was playing was rap.  In Chicago, you cannot smoke in bars/clubs.  But apparently here you can.  There was a girl selling cigars in this club.  The smell was very powerful and unpleasant.  We go order a drink.  $25 for a vodka redbull?  Are you nuts?  Stay far, far away from this place.  What a joke of a mediocre club.
So now I've been to Mansion both in New York and Miami... this is definitely nothing to brag about. Both clubs are filled with trashy, too much gel, freakishly tan Jersey-types. I've literally never seen so many girls with ill-fitting clothes trying desperately to get guys to invite them to their tables. At least the NYC version is impressive just because of its sheer size. Mansion in Miami is small and not all that visually appealing. I was also extremely confused by the naughty school girl outfits (think Britney circa "Hit Me Baby One More Time") worn by the hostesses. Not only random and out of place, but also totally 2001. There's got to be better nightlife in this town.
This place is so outdated. Only fakes go here.
* Getting an entry into Mansion was a real pain in the ass. We a group of 4 guys, waited almost an hour before hooking up with another group of 4 girls and getting a swift entry.
This is the best place to go out in Miami. I like that there is a mixed crowd and music. The drinks are stupid expensive but that's everywhere in Miami (but especially here). If you wear something cute you don't have to wait in line ladies ! ;). Fun dance spot to go out with your friends! P.S. Ladies don't bring sand to the beach  !! ;)
A little rundown, which is expected for Miami establishments, but probably the best bet for clubbing in the city. The place didn't start filling up until well after 12:30, and no one danced the entire night. People were dressed pretty casually, drinks were expensive and nothing special, and not a good choice for those who like hip-hop, R&B or top 40 music. The aerial dancers were entertaining but the show lasted 10 mins. Layout was kind of weird - most of the main area is reserved booths, so there's very little room for others to stand/dance.
My first time going to Mansion.. it was pretty epic to be honest for a straight club. I went with my boyfriend, because my favorite DJ was performing and this would be my first time seeing this DJ. I've always wanted to see him live. We bought tickets online but it's not necessary because you're either going to wait in line to pay admission to get in or just get in through will-call. Attire is mixed. But it's better to look like a dime than a nickel. I wore a sleek blazer, Versace tie, shiny silver shoes. I walked in easily without a wait through will-call. If you're a girl, I suggest wearing heels. Guys, don't wear hats or shorts, or even flip flops. Just don't. Look as if you're gonna spend a lot of money. (Which you probably are going to anyways lol.) The promos that Mansion posts through their facebook or twitter are a joke. Free VIP entry plus a free drink if you text a certain number, and $1 open bar drinks before 12:30am. I don't recall what they told me, but basically the excuse was they weren't having it that night even though they were promoting it that same day. They're just trying to get people through the doors. Obviously. So don't expect anything. Drinks are super expensive here and that's a fact. I'm definitely not going to complain the next time I go to my regular gay clubs in Wilton Manor and paying for a $8 well drink. I paid $60 for 4 bottles of Heineken beer that night. I'm glad I pregamed before I arrived to Mansion. Bartenders will give you a receipt when you pay cash, and $50 minimum if starting a tab with a credit card, which will end up like $75 or more anyways after taxes & gratuity if you're trying to stay cheap. The main dance area is mind-blowing for Miami. You would never expected such a big open space like that just by walking by on Washington Ave. The light and sound system is ridiculously amazing and super loud. You'll end up with a seizure or losing your voice by the end of the night. The Mansion dancers are super hot! One of them is Lady Casa. She's kindof of local celeb. She's the one with the perfect tits. You'll figure it out who it is if you're inside. The aerialist are really great especially when they're spinning around with the light show in the ceiling. If you're not in VIP, you can get really really close in front of the DJ area and record him spinning facing you. OMG! I was so happy just seeing my favorite DJ up that close! So cool! If you're a girl with a group of girls, watch out for drunk creepy guys trying to hit on you. You have no idea how much I made fun of the lack of game some guys have with girls. SMH. I could have easily complimented a girl on how cute her shoes were and start dancing with her, unlike how guys start grinding from behind as a way of saying hello. If you're a guy with a group of guys, don't wear the standard "douchebag uniform" of a button-down long sleeved dress shirt with no tie, untucked and ill-fitting jeans/slacks. You'll definitely find like 20 guys looking like that. Try to look like you're put-together or get a stylist. (Sorry, I can't, I'm booked on appointments for the week already.) I hate how people are allowed to smoke inside the club. Just don't get burned by a cuban cigar from the guy standing next to you. Yes, it's indeed super touristy, but at least I can say that I went to Mansion. I wasn't drunk at all this night, so thankfully I can remember most of what I had observed. I'd go again for sure if another awesome DJ decides to have a gig here.
mega club + beautiful people + dj playing the best hip hop ever + 20 dollar shots = must go for out of towners.... i don't know what people expect when they go to a club but this is what they should expect. -huge and clean space that's nicely decorated -good looking dudes and dudettes -alcohol that's expensive as hell -great music -that is all if you want to be treated like a rockstar.... you must be a rockstar.  if you don't want your shit stolen... don't bring it to the club.  if you want to get laid... you must bring your A game. i left your mom at home for this one.
Mansion is everything you hate about a club but on steroids but if you do it right you won't have your wallet violated and night ruined in Miami. Rule #1 - You need girls. If you are girl great good for you! If not, and you're rolling with 5 dudes you guys better meet some girls on the line and pretend to be together. Or just give up your wallet. Rule #2 - PRE-GAME. Drinks will set you back $22 and you will probably spill it in that crowd. Look at those pictures. Rule #3 - Get there early or use one of the many promoters on the beach. I used it with 2 male friends and we got in for $30/$40 which included an open bar and little limo ride around the block plus you skip the line. Follow these rules and you should have a decent time. Most likely wouldn't return unless for a concert... maybe.
I can't say I really do clubs at the beach but I made an exception to come out here.  Getting in is a pain in the butt, and everything inside is pricier than it should be.  I will say that on the night that I went the music was pretty good and they show that they put on was quite impressive.  But definitely not my thing.  If you're into the beach club scene this is probably the place for you.
This a a Miami hot spot that you have to go to just to say you did. If you're a girl, don't pay to get in here. There are plenty of promoters in the street that will give you a wristband. Also, don't come with guys. They will wait in line. Don't show up looking like a slob bc the doormen who probably used to be losers in high school won't let you in. Luckily we knew better. The main part of the club is huge and extremelyyyyy packed. Again, if you're a girl - walk right up to the VIP section and hope that you're up to their standards to get in. Much more space in the VIP section and you can dance on the platforms for even more room and rest your feet on the seats if you need to. Throughout the night they do shows with the girls which are really cool and entertaining. It was a fun night since we didn't pay for anything but I'm not dying to go back. Plenty of other clubs out there to try.
i'm not a local.  i have visited miami some 5-10 times over the last 10 years and been to clubs all over town.  this is actually my third time to Mansion.  it used to be a bit more hip but now it's older so it doesn't get the high end crowd anymore.  anyway, that's the disclaimer.  i was just visiting .... well, from my last trip, they reduced the annoying size of the table area so that's a plus. was easy to get in since it's an older club. the music was so loud that you didn't just hear it, you felt it shake your organs.  i used earplugs which i do almost everywhere nowadays since i would like to hear when i'm 50.  the place was easy to get in but the crowd was only so so and the music was too loud so we left.  tough call.  probalby would have been fun if they'd turned it down from "organ shaking" to just plain ol' "deafening."
Venue is not what I expected. Music was good. Drinks were nasty cost you an arm and leg. Pre game before. Didn't wait in line at all. Bathroom line sucked!
Place was ok... Drinks are way over priced here! $36 for 2 vodka cran's? Get real.
I hope someone shoots me in the face if I ever decide that I think going to Mansion is a good idea ever again. That's how awful this place is. We went because we had tickets to see a DJ here where I think we had already invested $40 each before we even walked in the door. First of all - don't think having tickets means anything here. When we first got there we had to go through this entire confusing process where we picked up our tickets at a separate will call area and were then ushered into the same line as everyone else. I don't think we even saved any money by buying in advance. The line was all a joke, as it is in most of these places. They keep people waiting outside so that tourists will see a huge line and think its the place to be. Usually there are only 5-10 people inside while a line of 50-100 is waiting outside. This particular night was no different - when we finally got inside the place was sparsely populated. We spent a while waiting when our group of eight or so (mostly girls) finally got to the front of the line. Then the bouncer decided he didn't like my shoes. We spent like an hour on this shoe debacle. I ended up going next door and buying the cheapest pair of shoes they had, which I prompty threw out at the end of the night because they made me look like a $5 hooker. Apparently this is what the bouncer was into because we were finally allowed inside. Once we got in we immediately decided we would have been better off if we had all stayed home. Again, the place was half empty, and the DJ set we came to see was pretty disappointing. Sound wasn't great, actual set was not interesting. You could tell by the fact that the people that were in here were mostly just standing around. So boring. If you're a tourist, don't believe the hype. If you're a local, I don't know why you would ever bother. Miami has a lot more to offer than this trash hole.
this place is for creeps.  ewwww!   and the bartender charged us $12 for 2 dingy small cups of diet coke. screw it.
Call me old-fashioned or just call me old but there used to be a certain glamour to Miami nightlife.  Yes, it was a pain in the ass to get into places but once you got inside it was pretty much guaranteed that you would have the biggest talent show on the east coast.   My how times have changed.  The only reason this place gets one star is that we got hooked up with free VIP and drinks through a friend, although we had to go through more security lines than the White House.  Oh how the mighty have fallen.  I remember when this place was called Level the experience was amazing - not so much anymore. I guess with the high rent Mansion has to let everyone in, but the crowd was definitely not upscale.  In addition, our free bottles in the VIP were no-name hangover special vodka...nice.  In the hip-hop room an older couple was slow grinding at the bar to every song regardless of BPM, a 60 year old was shaking it on the dancefloor (good for her), and a turban wearing dude just looked happy to be let in somewhere.   Anyway I definitely don't miss my clubbing days if this is what it has become.
This club sucks. We went last night and the music was terrible. The entertainment is good. But the place is not worth the price. I would not mind paying 20 plus for a drink but I would want to be comfortable. The place is crowded and just not fun. I am visiting Miami from NYC so I know clubs. This place just wasn't for me.
i wish i could give this 0 stars.  this club is so f* checking shady.   she said our bottle was 900 and suddenly charged charged us over $1000.  the manager came over and said i were in the wrong. Ok we're not stupid and can do math. If you say you can get the magnum for the same price as the 450ml X 2, then we're gunna believe you,you stupid idiot.  now you will get nothing cuz we're going to tell the CC company thay you fraudulently charged us against my approval.  we are not gunna stand for your criminal behavior.
I am giving this place three stars because I did'nt really stay long enough, was not in a very good mood after I got in, so this review is not going to be that elucidating.  The back story... I am in Miami hanging out with an old friend, who did'nt really take any time off to spend with me, is half way turning into a crazy cat lady and whose lifestyle is a cautionary tale about living amongst such an insanely rich and beauty obsessed culture.   We had just stopped in at another place which I will review later, for a drink, was walking a couple of blocks and we stopped to take a picture.  Then the dude who took our picture grabbed us and told us about this package he was selling involving an open bar and something about a limo, we ended up paying him 80 bucks after my friend convinced me that cover alone without an open bar is usually that price.  So instead of taking the limo there, we walked over the couple of blocks to this place.  At the front of the line, the bouncer did not recognize the wrist band, I ended up having to pay thirty dollars cover, and there was  no cover for my female friend.  Inside we discover it's only an open bar for women still 11:30.  After dancing for forty minutes, we both decided to go home, outside the dude who sold us this package was standing there with a group, at this point, I threatened to call the cops, I demanded my money back, but he said we were suppose to go with him to get the vip treatment and the open bar for men and women too.  He did give me 20 back, but ultimately we were  still out 60 bucks.  The front door staff apparently had no idea about this side promotion and frankly, my friend did'nt make things any better by just laughing it off and saying this is what happens in Miami!!!   So I might go to this place someday again, but from my experience here last Thursday,  don't ever trust any of these promoters who try to sell a package, getting into the VIP section was probably the main draw of the whole deal.  Not a very good introduction to South Beach night life!  Oh yeah, the music was pretty good, crowd seemed to be mostly tourists and the international jet setters that flock to this area. Oh yeah, when I tried to buy a drink with my Visa, the bartender said there was a fifty dollar minimum!!!   After reading what happened to another patron with her credit card...I'm lucky they did'nt take my VISA!!! Apparently being scammed was really a true picture of the night life in this town!!!
PLEASE READ!!!  I will be totally objective here and give you the good and bad.  First, it is about $30 to get in (a little more if you are a guy, a little less if you are a girl).  While that seems high, get over it.  A margarita on Ocean drive practically costs that.  You can save yourself some time in line by asking your hotel if they know of a "promoter".  These guys will charge the same and get you in in 5 minutes or less.  Or, you can stand in line and be subjected to the artificial humiliation of being "selected".  In the end, everyone gets in. Once inside, the place is huge and there are multiple genres of music.  The sound system is excellent.  There is plenty of room to dance.   In the main room, the aerialists are really cool.  There are NO celeb VIP's; just a bunch of trust fund kids and bachelor/bachelorette party chumps dropping $1,500 for their 3 hours of "celebrity".  You will have better luck seeing a celeb VIP by waiting in the lobby if The Delano Hotel. It takes almost no time whatsoever to get a drink.  But, drink literally cost $16 and up...a bottle of water.  Yes, a bottle of water is $10.  Oh, and please, no need to tip.  Tax AND TIP is already included.  You can drop and extra tip if you want, but you are just throwing your money away.  The drinks are totally watered down; about a 3/4 shot at best.   In the end, this is a great place to "experience" South Beach nightlife for about an hour until you look around and realize you are standing around with EVERY tourist in town ... not that is nothing wrong with tourists mind you.  It is just that everyone is filming from their iPhones and taking pictures everywhere just to say they have been to The Mansion.   When it is am said and done, this is a $100-$200 experience MINIMUM for non-VIP.  You will be pressed to get buzzed for that amount of money (read above),  You will not see any semblance of A-listers.  And, there is DEFINITELY no paparazzi waiting to take pictures. Grab a few packs of complimentary matches on your way out.  Only thing free in South Beach
Went here on a  Gilt City Promo for New Years Eve Party.. Had a blast. The deal was so worth it.. Great Music, nice atmosphere, Private table with flowing bottles of Champagne and Grey Goose Vodka..Open Bar.. Great Time.. Would definitely do it again next year.
I think I've heard that Mansion is one of the best places to go in Miami, but after living in Vegas, I would have to say I disagree. The bartenders were rude, the bouncers were trying to kick EVERYONE out and the drinks are tiny. I didn't really love the choice of music but sometimes I forget this isn't Ibiza. Happy I stopped by for the experience, but won't be returning.
I know it's been around for a while, but when I was partying South beach last month, the Mansion remained one of my favorite venues to party the night away. We did bottle service in the VIP section, which is center of the main room. The DJ kept the Euro House/Trance pumping for us clubheads all night long.  The ambiance is what I refer to as "Miami Sexy"...meaning ...everyone and everything in and about this place is the epitome of what Miami is renowned for ...physical beauty (nearing perfection) an overall sexy vibe. Although a promoter friend set us up nicely (comp'd everything), I do know the rules of clubbing apply here: 1) When ordering drinks, be patient with cash visible and try making eye-contact. Drinks will be pricey, but if you tip your bartender well you wont wait so long next  time before you're noticed and served. 2) Women, you may or may not have to pay a $20 cover. This depends on who's manning the doors and how packed they are on a given night. The more packed, the more likely you'll pay. Don't let it ruin your night if you do have to drop $20...once you get in...make your way to VIP and it will be well worth it :-) 3)Fellows, you WILL be charged $20 IF you're lucky enough to get in. My suggestion: get there by 10:30PM and do bottle service BUT slow-sip the first bottle and ask that the waitress/hostess taking care of you for the night brings the 2nd bottle at 12. Make sure to slip her a  $100 while making this request, AND ALSO ask that she gets word to the doorman that you're expecting "more" in your party.  (Doing this pretty much guarantees the table will be yours all night...even after you stop ordering bottles; you'll likely get a discounted tab; plus you're getting all your friends in free without waiting in line or having the # of guests limit imposed...saving your crew more than the $100 you dropped to make it all happen. Do the math...oh...and your crew can always reimburse you so no money out of your pocket, and they'll love you for letting them keep more money in theirs!). 4) Tipping Doormen (at clubs): NEVER unless they're REALLY doing you a favor or around the Holidays... because once you do at any other time, you're sealing your wallet's fate.  Instead, set up bottle service...and greet your guests at the door, occasionally chatting with him (the doorman), building rapport.  He is aware your guests are already comp'd so your conversation will be taken as genuine. He'll also associate you with being an A-Lister with an A-List crew, and pick up on your personal attention to your guests. That translates into how he'll treat you and your crew in future. It also doesn't hurt to use this opportunity to introduce him to a couple key people in your group. This is how you become "connected" and is much more effective than any $20 or $50.  Trust me - I've gotten in to many venues with my crew ..NO WAIT...NO COVER...on special event nights and with sold out capacity crowds while those who  are stuck outside waiting offer up $50 & $100 bribes with no luck. MORAL: Being genuine goes a long way. BACK TO THE CLUB: Mansion is a MUST DO for any club-lover wanting to party SoBe. All pros...No cons other than it's been around a while, but for what Mansion is - a mega club- it's still tops. Also, be sure to check out Space
Mansion Miami is really tacky and stupid. The people here are ULTRA rude and the music is really bad. Very expensive mixed drinks $22 for Malibu and pineapple?? Seriously? Went there for a bachelorette party and I don't think me or any of my friends will be going back any time soon. We bought 2 bottles and still got treated poorly. Not cool.
What can I say? Well let me start out by saying that the venue its self is very nice. A lots of cool decor, nice visual effects and cool sexy girls performing. I was a bit upset about the dj, I went not expecting much since I had no idea who they were; sure enough they SUCKed!! Oh, and what a waist os space, if you don not have vip be prepare to be cramped up like in a can of sardines, no room to dance no room to breath. Get yourself a table general admission is not worth it, it makes me sick to even make that recommendation. No room for house music lovers here Miami anymore, is all about their businesses making money.
Tricky tricky business... my girlfriends and I came here for a bachlorette party and got bottle service. We were told that for the party of our size the bottle minimum would be 900. So when we get seated, we ordered two bottles of worth 450. Somehow they're out of ALL the bottles worth 450. That's weird seeing as how there are so many different spirits that they offer in bottles of that size. Anyway, so we told them we were quoted 900 and it's unfair to get us here and tell us we need to pay more. The bartender finally agreed and said that she can get us the big bottle for the same price..at the end of the night, she hands us the bill and it's 1200. When I asked why it was so high, she said we purchased the larger bottle??? After a lot of arguing we.refused to pay the new fee and we went home... the next morning I woke up to call the credit card company and they charged my card $1500!! What did they think was going to happen??? That I was going to just let that go?? Oh wait, I'm sure that's exactly what they're hoping for. Taking advantage of drunk people just trying to have a good time. Shame on u!.you make enough money charging 1000 dollar bottles and 17 dollar drinks. Anyway, needless to say I disputed the charge and the credit card company was on my side.
I would have to say that is one of the most hyped clubs in SOBE.  Not gonna say that I had a bad experience here, but it was not all that it was said to be.  Luckily for us, it was just my GF and me so the wait outside was only 10 minutes.  But there were some groups that had been waiting for over an hour.  As with most popular places, groups of guys will never get in unless they get bottle service.  It is quite expensive here, but for some it is the only chance of admission. Drinks were expensive, but really nothing different than any other club.  Overall the atmosphere is pretty cool, but it is a little small.  Moving around became a little difficult as the night wore on; people huddled elbow to elbow virtually the entire time.  Overall this place was a good time though.  Would go back here at some point if I ever find my way back to Miami.
I miss Mansion so much. We were there the first time during Miami Music Week ´13 to see Haunted Mansion, and again for Hardwell's event. The best VIP service we've ever had was here. I loved the Naughty Girls Enter Here sign! The hostesses and bartenders were really efficient and so friendly. The sound system. OMG....Funktion One. It was nothing but heaven for a bass lover like me. The dancers are absolutely amazing. We absolutely loved it! Yes, the club iss expensive, but you get what you pay for. Mansion is worth it. The only thing I didn't like was the face that one of the doormen as so rough with me when we were entering for the Hardwell event. I'm a small girl, and he was about 3 times my size. But his colleague stopped him, and he apologized. We're so looking forward to coming back in March. Our flights are booked, and we've even booked our accommodation just down the street from Mansion because we love this place so much!
overpriced overrated, dont be fooled by lines. the vip wristbands you get is to get you quicker into the empty club. boring a** hell. not what it used to be. perhaps memorial day weekend will livin it up. bottle service is outrageous. and dj erie, you are whack
DANGEROUS!! 10.26.13 Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike I would've given it 1 star if Dimitri & Mike weren't so amazing!!! I'm gonna refer back to the DANGEROUS part. The place was packed so the only place to go was on the second floor. Noooo lights on the stairwell (well with all the fog it was sooo dim) Ended up at the stairs overlooking the back of the DJ booth which was a great view but people kept pushing & someone almost took me down w/ them, if my bf hadn't caught me I would've busted my head open falling. Other than that their set was extremely memorable & watching the guys who control the lights & effects gave me a whole nother sense of respect & outlook for the people who work behind the scenes to make these type of shows so epic. I may go back (this was my 2nd time there) depends on who's playing.
One of my fave club on South Beach! I've been coming herre since 2008...i used to go every other week durin hip-hop nights...one thing i hate are drink prices but thats to be expected at every club on south beach...but beside that i have enjoyed myself most of the time i've been to Mansion...great crowd, beautiful women. there is always celebrities comin to Mansion ive seen countless. I really like the hip-hop monday's. It's true that Mansion is the nightclub to see and be seen and home to some of south florida's biggest concerts, celeb parties and appearances.
Pretentious, boring....don't waste your time or money. As a Vegas local, I can assure you the horrible djs and overwhelming light show will have you running for the door. Waited in line for over an hour. SO not worth it.
If you are with more than a few females you usually can convince the bouncer juice/meat head to let you chicks in sans ridiculous sobe cover. the drinks are ridiculously priced. dark sketchiness goin down in there. hip hop area, multiple vip table sections, techno.house room big and more VIP, if you feel like droppin a few hundred for a mediocre club w snotty bias behind the bar oh cheesetastic uniforms trying to trick u into adding more gratuity to your tab when 16% IS AUTOMATICALLY ADDED. How Convenient! WHACK!
One of the better clubs we went to while staying in Miami. Best tip I can give, if you are a girl, is dress up or expect to wait in line. This means no stomachs hanging out, heels not wedges, and dressier materials than cotton shirts and jean skirts. We were skipped to the front of the line both times. It seems that is theme in Miami no official lines. Everyone gets in here but if you dress well you can get ahead. For guys no shorts we saw all guys like that turned away. Music is good, bar tenders are rude. Drinks are expensive but that's everywhere.
We partied like rockstars on a Friday night! Absolute blast at the club with non-stop top hits. Special Appearance by David Guetta after 1AM. The line was incredibly long...it reached to the end of Collins Ave. Luckily, we were able to skip ahead to the VIP list (thanks to Chelsea). Cover charge is normally $25+. And dress code is strictly applied for majority of the nightclubs in Miami Beach. This club was made famous by the likes of Mickey Rourke, Mike Jagger, Britney Spears, Prince..and even parties hosted for for Diddy's MTV Music Awards party. The decor is magnificent from the sweeping staircase to the main stage to crystal chandeliers and vintage mirrors. The bar is clad around towering pillars and gorgeous seating in the lounge area. Drinks are pricey. However, for groups...the VIP tables are a MUST! You might find yourself in the company of new friends. The waitstaff will attend to all of your requests to make sure you're perfectly comfortable. Make sure it's on one of your top list on your stop to Miami Beach!
I liked this club! After two nights of not getting in because my friends wasn't cool with the entry price, we finally got in free on Sunday before Memorial Day. However, we had to get there early and wait in line for two hours. The music was popping and it was straight r&b and hip hop- which I like!! Good vibe of people and it starts getting crowded around 1:30am! So far it's the best club on Washington!
Fun! I like the fact that they have different rooms to cater to your music likes.  Also, gotta like that the largest, main room plays a variety of dance, pop, techno, house. Decor is pretty good. I personally like the setup. It's very spacious! For some reason i always seem to be located by the people with bottles and drugs? Idk, if that is common among the rest of the crowd? Anyways, good music, and never a long wait in the VIP section, haha.
You can't go to Miami without going to Mansion! This is my favorite spot to party in South Beach. I went here for New Years and enjoyed an open bar until 5am. This place is hugeeeeee so if you're with a large group, make sure you don't lose each other. Awesome music. Diverse crowd. Fun dancers and cool costume people everywhere. Love Mansion.
Really not impressed.
Reminds me of Pacha in NYC, except Pacha is way better. The crowd is the strangest crowd I have ever encountered. Though it was free, it was most definitely not fun if you like hip hop and a more sophisticated crowd.
Thank God we got in for free and didn't have to wait on line because I would be writing an angry letter right now.  Drinks were overpriced but that was expected.  Wish the dj had been consistent because the music was decent for about 10 minutes at a time and then it would all go down hill.  The dance floor was pretty much non existent.  I guess technically it was in the middle of the vip area which was pissing off all the people in vip.  The only other places to boogie were the walk ways which meant there was mucho pushing.  A couple celebrity sightings, mostly athletes, and by the end of the night I don't know who looked unhappier; me or fat Joe's wife.
Mansion is not a place I frequent.... For obvious reasons- super touristy, super cheesy, horrible music, and over priced drinks at $23+ a pop.  I have been here a few times:  WMC 2011 to see Sharam and twice since I've moved here. If there are VIP yelp events (ahem, the infamous MYE: GNO Chippendales show), I'm game just because well, it's usually comped and I get to meet great fellow yelpers. However, if you want to be forced to listen to mainstream top 40 electronic radio music all night then by all means.... But if you're looking to dance to REAL DJs with AMAZING house/techno, then do yourself a favor and head straight to Treehouse or The Vagabond. You won't be disappointed.
If you go through a promoter for guestlist and there's a special guest appearing that night, make sure you make the promoter specify the time, or else you have to pay.  And get there super early! Ours just said to arrive early.  My friends were mad that we had to pay ($30), but I knew it was going to happen because it happened to my other friends and me before.  We had Ne-Yo perform Dec. 30 and he performed a just few songs while drunk! The venue is nice.  When you walk in, it looks like the place is small with a bar in front, but you walk farther in it looks really nice (on the main dance floor).    There are 2 more bars, one on each side and then you have 4 poles with go-go dancers with nice bodies; they give you the feeling that you're at a strip club.  The front half of the main flooris VIP.  There were so many guys there the night I went that most of the girls went up on the rises by the couches to dance.  Some guys just don't get it when a woman says NO.  And guys should apply deodorant at the clubs because it was super pack that night, it was hard to get away from the ones who have major BO. At the bars: If you use a credit card, the minimum purchase to use a cc is $50.  So freakin lame.  And the drinks cost on average $15 each. The restrooms are nice.  You can take pictures in there.
I've gone to Mansion a few times: the first time to check it out and a few other times when there was a deejay I like playing there and during WMC. First time I checked it out, we were at a table in the front of the main room.  It was circus themed and walking into a doorway with the face of a clown TERRIFIES ME! I HATE Clowns! Another time I've gone was with my cousins.  Table for some rapper.  Patron flowing. The gogo dancers, and acrobatics gals and guys are FANTASTIC and fun to watch. The other times, I've gone, I waited on line and directed to another entrance for the VIP/tables.  Walking passed the random pizza joints and ocean tourist shops, I thought it was a joke and maybe they turned me away for being ugly or not liking my dress or something.  It wasn't whew.  Steve Aoki, David Guetta, and Afrojack crashed with his then gf Paris Hilton and some Middle Eastern Prince, whatevs, I'm just here to dance! :) $25 ATM FEE?! WHOA!  That's at alot of Miami clubs so BE PREPARED!
This club gets packed. There was a line but you can bypass it with good looks, money, or whatever hookup you have lol (as with any other club). It gets very crowded..too crowded at times that it's impossible to dance without getting pushed around. It IS a huge place, but there's so many people allowed in. There are several celebrity spottings here. Last time we went, NBA player Joakim Noah from the Bulls was here. The dancers that work here are pretty hot! The music was awesome..music always depends on the dj..that night we had a good one lol. This is the Miami nightclub to go to if you're from out of town. It's known to have tons of tourists as well as locals.
Sat. Night w no headline dj. Arrived at 1am. Got lucky w door man and got in w my gf no prob. Thru Guest list line.  20 bucks for me, free her. Thank god cuz that line...oye! First impresssion very vegas. Hot half naked blondes w pasties gogoing around cirque style. Quick assessment: No line at bars...ever..weird to see coming from LA. but w reason, drinks are 22 bucks plus tax and mandatory tip = 24 for Jack rocks. 2 rooms..1 hiphop 1 edm.nothing amazing w djs playing tip 40 mixes but SPEAKER SYSTEM IS A+..
Amazing! I'm such a fan. I went last year in March with a bunch of friends. It's gorgeous inside (it's like an indoor/outdoor illusion) I didn't have ANY trouble waiting to get inside either!
As nice as the place was inside, I cannot in good faith recommend this place. 1.  $30 cover for a guy and a girl.  Hell, I could understand the guy, but making the girl pay the same? Ridiculous. 1.1 Charging $75 for the above cover on my card.  Which I'm contesting. 2.  $20 tiny drinks.  Yum. 3.  Idk if it was just that night, but ALL that was played was EDM.  Which is fun for a bit, but no variance makes it boring real fast.
I went to the Mansion on Xmas eve and it was OK. Way too many guys there, $20 cover, and very expensive drinks. I ordered Jack on the rocks and they gave me a small dixie cup and charged me $14. WTF? At least give me a nice scotch glass... We waited in line for about 20 mins, seems like if you know the door guy you can pretty much get in which pretty much defeats the purpose of standing in line. Once inside, about 65% of the dance area is VIP and is blocked off, so lesser mortals must deal with the edges of the dance area. The DJ was excellent however as I would have expected in a city of this caliber. It was a decent experience but I'm pretty sure I will not be going back.
Still an overall goodnight out, a few seperate rooms so you can easily find your groove, the crowd varies from night to night, and month to month, but it never goes out of style and if you're already cool with the cover at the door, then the prices of the drinks won't bother you either.
A friend and I weren't sure which club to hit up during our first night but after getting handed complimentary drink tickets we decided that was a good enough of a reason to give Mansion a shot. Based on yelp reviews, cover was supposedly $35 and drinks costed upwards of $12, both of which are just plain crazy based on San Francisco standards, but by some amazing streak of luck we met some guys who knew the promoter and got us into the club for free. Not only that, we got hooked up with free drinks until midnight, score! I mean it was pretty darn hard not to have a good time after that, even if we tried. The people were all chill and super friendly, maybe because everyone we met was from a different country but there were definitely no wall flowers like there usually are at clubs in San Francisco. Then again that could be because I frequent asian clubs and being asian I can say that my people can be plain stuck up and bitchy sometimes. Anyway, definitely one of my most memorable clubbing experiences. I'm just sad that I wasn't around to catch Snoop Dogg who was scheduled to come to Mansion a week later.
Worst piece of crap club you would ever go to. The dancing chicks are hot but the people are snobby rich pricks. Drinks start at $16 for beers and $25 for mixed drinks. Biggest rip off. Bulk chicks looking to rob you of your money also. Don't waste your time and money unless you are a rich little brat with a huge huge trust fund who has never worked a day in their life!
Super fun times and Mansion! We were in the hip hop room all night and danced till 4am. Large ornate club with fun for everyone!
Place is WILD! I love it. I actually came here twice in a row. First time to see Ace and Meek, the next day to see Wayne and Birdman. Ace put on a better show than Wayne, which is pretty surprising to hear right? I felt that Wayne thought he was too good to host? I paid my $40 cover to see him for nothing, while the boys paid $80 - The music was still good though! I don't think I would come here again to see a rapper though. The long line and cover just aren't worth it. Glad I got that experience out of the way. Drinks $20, Beer $15, I'm slightly shocked water was free.  Better have cash on you too, $50 minimum for Visa! Other than that, place is HUGE. Definitely the biggest dance floor. You can dance anywhere basically. Two levels, crazy lights, big screens, beautiful dancers, and a good time all around! Only club I've seen that reminded me of Vegas, a smaller version of course. So if you've been there - you could imagine how nice this place was.
The line is over an hour wait for a club that is empty inside!!
This place looks awesome from the pictures which is why my group of friends and I decided to check it out. We all had to pay 30$ cover (guys and girls) even though we were entering around 1 a.m. which was somewhat of a bummer since there were 10 of us but we went ahead and did that. Drinks are pretty pricy, 2 drinks and you're at 40$ excluding tip, but the craziest part of this experience was the fact that out of our group of 10 we had 4 phones that were stolen and 2 wallets that were pit pocketed as well, for having so much security it seems like this place purposefully hires professionals to pit pocket groups of people who are having fun. Would definitely not recommend this place, they are notorious for having these kinds of shenanigans happen to groups of party-goers.
Had a blast!- Usher and Fat Joe were there that night! loved it!!!
I'm not much for dance clubs usually. But we were on vacation and my boyfriend loves to dance, so I decided to just get into the mood and have fun. So I got all prettied up, put on a hot dress and some heels, and headed out. We got there a bit before midnight or so, so there really wasn't much of a line. But as soon as we showed the passes we'd gotten from hotel concierge (if on vacation, ask your concierge for recommendations and find out if s/he can get you some sort of passes) they ushered us right through. While there wasn't much of an advantage to it, it was nice to see that they valued the relationships they have with the hotels. We were a bit confused by where we were allowed to go. Three times we were told an area was only for VIP, which confused me even more when I asked the second time what the safe (i.e., non-VIP) areas were for us and he said everywhere else - obviously not true. But whatever - we were there to dance, and dance we did! It was kinda sad to see all the guys that just stood on the side, too afraid to dance. Every chick there was wearing a dress or skirt equally as short as mine - which was awesome for eye candy and my own comfort, but not something I'm used to. The music was surprisingly good. I expected either unce unce techno or lame hip hop (redundant, I know), and while it was certainly filled with electronic music, it wasn't the same crap I've experienced before in other dance clubs. Good beats, not excessive repetition, and I didn't notice any hip hop worth noting the night we were there. Smoking - that was weird. There wasn't a lot of it, but there definitely were people smoking inside. Not what I'm used to. Bartenders were quick and nice, but options were limited (no vermouth available). But jesus h. christ, when people say expensive, they're not kidding! Cranberry & vodka  was $18 - and just well vodka at that! All in all, I'd go back, if I returned to Miami, but I would not buy any drinks. I'd pay the cover and sneak in my own booze. Or find me a sugar daddy there to buy me something good!
This club was awesome! I had to wait in line from midnight until 2am to get in. Mind you this was St Patrick's day that I went. The drinks were expensive, the cover was about $35 and there is really no parking (but what can you expect for Washington St?) Other then that, I had a great time. The music was AMAZING to say the least. Definitely place to check out during your spring break. As far as parking, I usually park at the garage on the corner of 16th and Collins. The rates aren't too bad. There is security and it is well lit. All things to take in to consideration when in Miami. Honestly, I cant wait to go again.
A historic nightclub that is still going strong. It's not tier 2 behind the likes of LIV & STORY. Typical ridiculous prices on drinks. I'd only recommend going here if you have some kind of hook up.
Worst club ever I have seen. After getting tickets booked on-line a day before. we waited in Queue for more than 90 minutes. Bouncer asked for 25$ per person totally for 8 people we gave 200$ to get in. Bouncers were rude. Club is OK. Overall not satisfied.
I can't. I have lost the ability to can. I'm very much "on the fence" about clubs. They are rarely my choice as far as "things to do" goes, but, at the same time, I don't wanna be such a curmudgeon that I'd NEVER consider one. I've had good memories at some! That's worth something. But because I'm "on the fence," if the usually annoying aspects of a club are extra annoying, I am not as much of a fan. (Conversely, if a club is not-as-bad-as-usual, my expectations are thrown off, and I give a place like Enclave four stars. ~*~Anything is possible~*~.) Mansion takes many things I dislike about clubs, and instead of softening the blow by being less annoying, it sadly lurches in the OTHER direction, further compounding my annoyance. Smoking is allowed inside. Ewww. There was NO space to move at all...if you are gonna dance, surely you need some room...but there was very little. The drinks were hilariously tiny and, although I enjoy weak drinks, when you're in Miami Beach sipping on overpriced drinks that might be the size of a cup for a child's meds, there's a bit of a feeling that you've been had. The noise was deafening, which I know is part of clubs, but even by talking loudly directly into someone's ear, you can't hear them. Also, the bathroom lines, come on now. And as if it wasn't tacky enough here, women without any top straddle aerial hula hoop thingies, and there is also a neon sign that says "Naughty girls enter here." LOL that's totally me!11 :[ I think there are more fun and definitely classier places to make your nightclub experience a fun one in Miami beach. There have to be. Next time, I'm going to LIV or something. Maybe.
So this was my first time in Miami, so one of my friends took us here. ADMISSION: Went on a Friday night and got in for free. Friend new the promoter so we got special bracelets of a different color and I don't know what exactly was the difference but we didn't have to wait in line. Note: The bracelets given out by promoters around the area on the street are different from the ones we got. ATMOSPHERE: Typical clubby atmosphere that I've experienced in Atlanta at Opera or Cosmo Lava. Whole club was packed! Very commercialized though in that there were Tmobile displays in the front room featuring their new phones.  One thing I didn't like about this place is that it was one huge room. There are some separated areas like a seating area and entrance area apart from the main dance floor area but all the areas were playing the same music so you had to like it or just bear with it.  Overall, it's a medium sized club. Stripper poles on the main dance floor with gogo dancers.   MUSIC: Variety - top 20's, old school rap, hip hop.  It was okay. DRINKS: Open bar from 10:30-11:30!  Just had plain diet coke and vodka.  The only diet soda offered was diet coke :( PARKING: Parked on street with meters. Difficult to find. CONCLUSION: Nice club but nothing spectacular.  I definitely would not pay to get in here.
Came during Ultra Music Festival to see Jochen Miller, Morgan Page and W&W. Very pretentious club. $12 bottle of water? Even more for shots? Lots of areas for VIP, yet they were all empty. Doesn't compare to Vegas style clubs. Great lights though.
I absolutely love to dance to house/techno!  The last time I went to WMC was a few years ago.  I've been to Mansion before when we had a table on the upper level.  This time our table was much closer to the stage.  Sasha & Digweed were spinning that night, so needless to say, they were off the charts... everyone was dancing!  The sound system was phenomenal and the service was great.  I have to admit that it was pretty expensive... thanks to my NYC friends, i believe it was over $2k... at least.  But again we were in South Beach, in the VIP area, with our table by the stage during WMC with Sasha & Digweed!
STAY AWAY AT ALL COST! Mansion nightclub will take your money, and they won't even allow you to have the experience for which you paid.  I went in on a Friday night with a pre-sale ticket to see DJ Shadow.  First, they didn't allow him to go on until 3 AM. Then, after making everyone wait, they kicked off DJ Shadow after only 20 min. because he wasn't playing the music they wanted him to play.  Mind you, they booked this DJ, and then they kicked him off.  Even more, they sent over their goon bouncers to stop people from complaining to the manager, and, once we spoke to the manager, he failed to offer any kind of condolence for the cancelled gig.   Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all cost.  You'll be a happier human being.
i had no idea what to expect since there are so many mixed reviews about this club, calling it racist or overrated, etc. etc. but i actually really enjoyed myself. (wish i was able to stick around for benny benassi the next day, but oh well) we went on a friday night, arrived at 10pm as advised by our front desk agent and was pleasently surprised that it wasn't even opened yet :MODED: haha (i ask myself, why did we even listen to someone that looks like he hadn't gone clubbin' in a few years..) when we did finally get in, i was taken aback. had no idea it was going to be that big and nice from the way it looked outside. i loved how spaciuos it was and i loved that i barely broke a sweat because the ventilation was awesome! you won't find ventilation that good in san francisco or vegas (well, at least the places i've been) that's very important people, no one wants nasty sweaty bodies rubbin' up against you especially when it's 90 degrees outside. drinks were pricey, but i was expecting that. we got in no problem and people didn't pose any threat or cause any problems while we were there. fun fun!!
This place is where the human spirit goes to die. Seriously, any bit of humanity still left in you will be eradicated the second you walk through its doors. A large group of us went with pre-purchased tickets for a DJ set. It was a bunch of 7-looking girls and some British guys. All young professionals, so we were dressed in fine enough linens and garbs. HOWEVER, this didn't keep the bouncer from keeping us outside for the better part of an hour. They do look you up and down, and they stopped one of our friends for wearing sandals (expensive ones, not chancletas) and made her walk over to the shoe store next door to get heels. I headed straight for the bar after this, only to tell me my card was declined. "That's impossible" I slurred, but the bartender just pushed me aside. My boyfriend stepped in and paid the $75 cash for 2 drinks and a few shots. THE VERY NEXT DAY, I HAD A $75 CHARGE TO MY CREDIT CARD. Plus the CASH my boyfriend had paid when I was told it was DECLINED. BE CAREFUL. We never did get to listen to whatever we had paid for, just the same stuff on the radio. Nothing too exciting. The place was crowded, full of tourists who burn you with their cigarettes, and the ambiance was really nothing special. PUT THIS PONY TO REST, BOYS. We're done here. Tourists, go some place else for a taste of Miami Beach. This place will leave nothing but sourness in your mouth.
What a super insane club! I was not a fan of the $25 cover and the $16 drinks and the rude bartender chick, but the overall club was insane! The music and atmosphere was out of control, on another level! Had a super great time with wifey and our friends.
I was looking forward to coming here for the first time on my trip to Miami, but wasn't impressed. I stayed all of 30 minutes before leaving. The drinks are pretty expensive ($14 for a Bud Light) and the music didn't have much of a variety. I just overall sort of got bored after being here for a bit. I'd recommend Cameo over Mansion.
Last Dec. I went to Miami for the X'mas week and met up my friend from Boston there. We went to Mansion on a Thurs. The reason why we came here because it was the acceptable fee on that  day among other nightclubs on our lists lol. Well the music was pretty great when we got there around at 12am,loved it totally blew me away. It was EDM type that night,loved their audio system. But it wasn't so crowded somehow and at the last few hours the music went down and people were not really dancing at all! However, drinks were pricing. I bought a bottle of beer costing me 15 bucks! And the bar waitress did such a bad service & unpleasant attitude,screw her!The crowd were not so good on that day,most of them were just weird or not considered good looking types.I I didn't expect this happen at Mansion but obviously I was so wrong. I lived in San Diego and whenever I go clubbing either in PB or Gaslamp never ever met such a bad crowd at a nightclub. But I guess it was all about the day you go. On that day it wasn't a big event so I guess it would have been much funnier on next day. And DARN I missed Hardwell that weekend...didn't know he was going town! But I wouldn't really dislike this nightclub you just need to choose the right day to go. They have all of great DJs do perform all the time still. Defintely it would be so much fun if you hit up right events. Wish I could visit Miami again!
Mansion is awesome! Specially after the renovation. Feels like you are at a daft punk concert mixed w a cirque du soleil show! BUT like most clubs in Miami they could change the music a bit! I don't understand how people go from club to club listening and dancing to the same crap every week. I know most ppl get drunk enough to the point of being completely senseless and don't really care about what's going on much less what music is being played but come on!!
This was a hard one to rate,  I really wanted to give it 2 stars because of the horrible service and attitude of employees on my second visit.  But my first visit was fantastic!  So I went with 3.  Our first trip, we went with the hostel and got in the VIP entrance for $5!  I also really enjoyed the atmosphere and two rooms.  I stayed more to the hip hop side but I enjoyed the house music as well.  Drinks were expensive but that's what guys are for.  I had a blast and danced the night away till 5 am. Then we came here for a WMC night and decided to head out late, 3 AM. The line was not moving and the bouncer was so rude, telling us we should have gotten here earlier, excuse me... we paid ahead of time so we did not have to wait in a long line.  It took what felt like 30 minutes, but was probably 20 to get in.  The place was not anywhere near as packed as it was the last time I came.  I was kinda over the napkins falling from the ceiling... I'm not sure if they thought it was a good confetti or something but It wasn't.  Swedish House Mafia was fantastic and i enjoyed my hour and a half... but in the future, I would go to a different club, it just was not that great.  But if its got someone you really want to see then its worth it. OOh and bring cash, they have a $40 credit card minimum.
Place is mediocre for Miami as it has a hip hop room and house room but be prepared to spend $$$. 2 drinks will cost you $45.00 and i'm not joking. We went on a Sat night in September of this year and ordered 2 Jack and coke's one time two, 7 and 7's another time and vodka seltzers another time and all the same result. The reason so high? The base price of a drink is around $19 each plus a 6% auto gratuity on the bill so dont tip! All i have to say who ever own this place must be swimming in the $$$ as they are raping people on liquor. Do your self a favor and go to Liv.
There was a non-VIP line, a VIP line and another line which was formed by people who think are VVIP's. Looks like there are no normal people in Miami, everyone is a V F$cking IP in Miami.
It saddens me that places like this exist in the world. And that people spend so much money and try so hard to get into places like this. We had tickets to a DJ set that we only went to because our out of town friend really wanted to. So we went and stood in line. Places like this always have a line, even if the inside is empty because they need to make it seem like it's the hottest place on Washington. So we waited maybe about 30 minutes while the bouncers on their power trips look people up and down as if we're being picked to be America's Next Top Model. All the while, groups of pretentious Miami guys are rolling up in Bentleys when you just know they've all saved up their paychecks from Subway for 3 weeks for this night. Anyway, we get to the front of the line and the bouncer tells my friend she doesn't have the right shoes. "Heels or boots only. It's Saturday." So she tried to put on an extra pair of heels my friend had in her car but these were too big. Seriously. The guy was judging the size of the heels she was wearing. She ended up buying some shoes at the place next door in order to be let in. After all that, we finally got our tickets at will call and were let inside. The inside is pretty nice but not nice enough to justify that kind of treatment. Plus, I imagine it's a lot more appealing for a scummy guy to see a barely dressed girl dancing around in a giant martini glass or on the bar with a freaky Lady Gaga mask on, but it doesn't really do anything for me. Lights, music, and fog machines you can get that anywhere... where they probably won't charge $10 for a bottle of water.
This place is ABSOLUTE trash. I went here w my bf in 09. We rented a limo, had "VIP" tickets and we got the run around by every douche at the door. Two hot chicks trying to get into a club who pulled up in a limo WANTING to spend money and this is how u act?? Please. We stayed around an hour and left. Never again! Next time I'm in south beach i will Definitely be going to LiV!!
Hated my experience here. The music was extremely loud to the point you could feel the vibration and tje drinks are overpriced. If you want to have a lousy time this is the place to be.
Okay club to go to. Let u in based on looks  so go fresh or sexy. Good music. Very crowded though
I hate this fucking place.  This place is not a club, it's a giant warehouse full of STD culture samples aka bottle rats and club promoters. This place is a real life Jersey Shore scene full of douchebags and skanky girls. I wouldn't go near this place with a 10 foot pole.
Don't let the exterior of this place fool you. From the out side mansion looks like a run down dive hole in the wall club, but once you get in This place is HUGE! When you first walk in there is a lobby room with a stair case that wraps up the right side. Then there is a small lounge style room that plays mostly r&b with a bar on the back wall. To the left of this is the main room. This room has two bars on either side of the dance floor and stair case that wraps around both sides. At the top of the stair case there is a large balcony with mostly table service. The stage area is front and center of the main room. It is surrounded by a led lights display and other  screens and light beams that light up the whole room.  Drinks were averaged priced for SoBe ( 9 dollars for beer or water and about 15 dollars for a well drink) Even on nights when this place is packed there is plenty of room to dance. Not a single bad seat in the house. My only complaint about this place was the sound system. It was extremely loud and bassy. All you can hear of the music is the booming bass.
If you're in Miami as a tourist and want to get a taste of a huge over-hyped club here's what's going to happen: 1- Head to Mansion and walk up to the front 2- Some bouncer will tell you to move to the back of the line 3- Avoid some angry bums and douche bags with sunglasses during your 5 minute walk to the back of the line 4- 30 min. later manage to get to the front. 5- Get charged $20 to get in... depending on whether you're cool enough or not. 6- Walk into the somewhat empty club, say "wtf." and then make the most out of your night continually saying "wtf wtf wtf" when your drink tab ends up being $29493409324 dollars. The music is good - top 40, house music, and hip hop for the most part. No complaints there, they do a good job at keeping the club hopping. Mansion is also ginormous and there's a lot of room to wander around and people watch. A lot of spots for sitting down and taking it all in. The people - ehhhhh. I went with some friends this weekend and I must have been groped no less than twenty-five times. So if you're in a dire need of an ego boost as a female, get your short-skirted ass over to Mansion. Based on previous experience - the best way to have a good time here is to get a table in the VIP area with a couple of bottles. That's it. Do NOT come here broke. You will have a terrible time.
Remember back in the day, when that East Coast-West Coast rivalry between Biggie Smalls and Tupac was throwin' down?  We were all saying how ridiculous and petty that was?  We couldn't believe people would get murdered for their loyalty to their 'hood?  Here is what I have to say about all that hoo-hah:  "Ain't no party like a West Coast Party!!!" lol! Mansion is supposed to be the biggest, baddest, yet classiest club in all of Miami.  It's supposed to have the best DJs and the prettiest crowd too.  It probably does...in Miami!  Because we stayed at the Delano Hotel, we got front-of-the-line privileges (thank goodness, because the line was getting long!) As soon as we crossed the velvet ropes, I was impressed.  Decorated and draped in red, the multi-room club is indeed large and very spacious (you think that's why they call it Mansion?)  The layout of the club had a great flow - there are a lot of VIP booths, go-go stages, dance floors, and enough bars everywhere (it was super easy to get drinks here!) We went on hip-hop night, so of course the crowd was more urban.  But I admit, the music got me dancing anywhere and everywhere, and I was having the time of my life!  And so was everyone else - the dancefloor was packed.  The positioning of the DJ with the strobe and neon lights flashing and changing colors made me feel like I was at a rave with my own internal ecstasy!   Mansion is definitely a must-go if you want to go clubbing in Miami.  Large, good-looking venue and groovin' music, Mansion delivers the goods.  I've just been to too many clubs in SoCal and in Vegas to know that the clubs in the Wild Wild West have more SWAG though.  Jus' sayin'!!!
Ohhh Mansion, where to start? It's a part of Opium group so already there is no way that someone can have high expectations of the club but whatever. I went here some time ago when Avicii was playing and it was more packed than a can of sardines. Not too fun as they could have put Mike Tyson up there djing and we were so far back that honestly, there was no way we could have been able to tell. We ventured here more recently as my fiance got a table here when I was in NYC and tried to pull the "they renovated the space you have to check it out" card so I agreed to check it out. We went up to the door and there was a whole row of people waiting to get in who looked like they just rolled out of a dumpster. I told the doorman that it was just 2 and right away he let us in. We went up the front and they charged us $30 each to get in because we didn't know some stupid promoter (don't understand why we would get in free if we were with a promoter and would be drinking his liquor all night for free and if we go alone obviously we would be buying our own drinks so wouldn't you want to comp us then?) So I went into this "newly renovated" space and didn't care for it at all. It just looks weird. I can't put any other way to say it. I don't care if you pump 3 billion dollars into this sh*thole, mansion is still mansion. The crowd is still disgusting guido-type guys with sunglasses, girls smoking cigars (how classy), and random people groping/making out all over. I would watch my purse/phone/valuables very carefully at this place. Like 10 years ago this club was good, now, nothing that anyone can do will make this place what it used to be. If you are a local, I'm sure you know that Mansion is NOT the place to go. If you are a tourist, depending on when you're from, Mansion may or may not be the place to go. If you want a mega club that's somewhat bearable and you're a tourist, go to Liv (even though I hate it there as well but for tourists it's heaven). If you just want a mega club to get sloshy drunk and wake up regretting everything you did the night before, then probably mansion is the place for you.
Had a great time here on a Monday night with some friends during spring break. We got in without hassle, and we got a VIP table on the dance floor that costed an arm and a leg. Music was fairly standard top 40 stuff. Make sure to get bottle service and tip well - the staff was great and got us plenty of free stuff like bottled water and cigarettes. Will visit again if I'm ever in SoBe!
Awful. Bartender was a complete snob. Place was cool looking but it's nothing too fancy about it. I paid $20.00 for a bottle of Heineken (they included the 16% tip).. Yes, 16% tip for 1 beer.. We had wrist bands for VIP access (includes no cover) but of course we got slammed with a cover. Go somewhere else unless your sugar daddy is buying drinks all night.
My friends and I heard how difficult it can be to navigate Miami nightlife so it was relief we didn't have to jump through hoops. There are people who would hand out VIP entry or tickets so we decided to go to Mansion. It is very spacious and had good music. It reminded me of other nightclubs so nothing bad, nothing extraordinary, though did try to add in that Vegas flare with the dancers elevated above the dance floor. I would come back if I was back in Miami.
I dont club it up very often but when I do it is only for the best! Since no shows come to Sarasota I tend to head to Orlando, Miami, or St. Pete for a show every now and then. Depending if anyone comes to Florida. 1 star because this is one of those places that keeps bands from coming to Florida! Dj Shadow comes to Florida ever 3-5 years so I would consider this well worth the drive usually. The drinks were a little pricey but how often do you get to have a drink and hear one of the best Dj's to grace Florida? I didnt have a problem with the price of the drinks because I have been looking forward to seeing him live for so long I let it go. That is until about 15-20 minutes later out of nowhere they cut the show short. I went back to the hotel room so that I could at least enjoy that before I had to drive back to say that I had some kind of reason to visit miami after all. Never again! Friends dont let friends go to Mansion.
My friend and I were walking down Washington and a promoter came up to us. He gave us a wristband and said we wouldnt have to wait in line or pay. As we arrived to Mansion, there was a long line to get in. We walked up to a bouncer and showed him our wristbands. He put us in a seperate short line, within five mins we got in. We did have to pay $20, but it's okay because the line was really long. ALL the WOMEN who work here have serious attitudes!!! At least with other women they have attitudes, I'm pretty sure they are nice to men. As we entered the club, the women at the entrance said it will be $20 with an attitude. The women bar tenders are rude too! They take forever to achowledge you and when they finally do they act like if you don't know how to make anything! The venue is nice. it is very big with lots of room to dance and the music is good. Definitely a good party. Everything is good except the rude women who work there. I guess the door might be a problem too, but we didnt encounter that.
I must preclude this review by stating that I tend to stay away from South Beach clubs.  In my old age, I'm simply not partial to stupid cover charges, outrageously long lines/cattle-type crowds of people begging to be let into the castle, drinks prices higher than the cost of the whole entire bottle at the liquor store, etc.  Why subject myself to such foolery when I can listen to all the hottest jams in the comfort of my car on the way home from work for free, thank you very much??? That being said, all the aforementioned tomfoolery?  Live and in full effect the night I went.  THE ONLY reason I did go was because I had free tickets to an event there and mercifully bypassed most of it.  Can't comment on the price of admission nor the long lines because of that fact. The most memorable thing to me about Mansion is that the music is played EXTREMELY loud.  I went on a Friday night and by Monday evening, my ears were still ringing.  There were "performances" by various artists going on and truth be told, if I didn't know the words to the songs already, I wouldn't have understood a thing they were saying.  The sound level is deafening at Mansion.  For this reason, I couldn't really enjoy the artists I came to see. People don't dance anymore.  :-(  This makes me very sad.  However, I don't blame them.  These "clubs" are set up more for people to sit and pop bottles than they are conducive to actually moving your body.  Minimal space to dance + .....oh yes, did I almost forget to mention that THE DRINK PRICES ARE OUTRAGEOUS!?!?!?!  Most hover at around $14 per for a baby cup.  Pours are quite stingy aka weak-a$$ dranks.  You can get a "double pour" for $2 extra.  And please, let's not forget the extra fees & 18% auto-gratuity.  It took about 4 drinks for me to start getting where I needed to be.  Yeah.  OUCH. So yeah, I was glad to get free tickets to the specific event but obviously, I haven't missed anything in all the years that Mansion has been open and they can be assured to never see my face in the place again.
The first time I went to this club I was blown away!! Not to mention it was spring break and packed!! Its HUGE, great mix of music and good hip hop. Hands down the best club I ever went to. However when I went a few months ago I was disapointed which droped it down from 5 starts to 3. The head bouncer(tall somoan guy) was kinda a jerk and very stuck up. Waited an hour and 20 mins before I just walked out of the line which didnt move because of some private party. I understand its south beach but this wasn't cool.  So many other clubs to go to.
This place is notoriously well-known, but wildly overrated. There are three boats for future experiences for mansion. 1) The Never Been Boat: If you have never been you must experience it once in your lifetime. Hell even I had a great time my first time and I do not like this place anymore. 2) People Who Have Been Once and Had a Good Time Boat: I would suggest never going back and savoring your experience because I promise you will experience diminishing returns of fun if you come back here. 3) People Who Have Not Found Anything Better Boat and Keep Coming Back Thinking It Doesn't Get Better Boat: My advice keep looking it gets better, way better than this place. Ear ringing loud. Pocket emptying pricey. Overrated reputation.
The music was amazing. The performers, lights and ambience were great! Very entertaining...Steve Aoki played.  Paying $45 per person was worth it to me because it was a great show. But drinks were $19 (Stoli on the rocks). The other problem was the bathroom being near the entrance. There was only one route to it because all other ways were blocked off for VIP. Fighting the crowd to use the bathroom was annoying, a waste of time and risky. Risky in the sense that my camera was stolen...I am almost certain from my purse which was draped across my body. I am sure if I had an iPhone, that would be gone too, but I have a shitty-ass Blackberry. They had to be over capacity. Look at the pictures from that night. mansionmiami.com/dev/pho…. This is a huge liability. If there were any accidents/fires/emergencies...that club would be screwed and all the people in it. I like to have fun, but it is important to me I don't but myself at risk. Precaution is the best way to avoid accidents. My adivice... 1. Stay close to the entrance/bathrooms (I don't recall seeing any emergency exits for that matter). 2. Don't carry anything you wouldn't want stolen! 3. Take a flask.
My first time at Mansion: Ouch! No cash? $50.00 card minimum on the bar. Ouch! Bought a ticket in advanced? Make the line, bouncers don't care. Ouch! Don't like walking on dirty floors? Confetti every 30 minutes. You'll be walking with paper heels. Cleaning staff are there to sweep that confetti, but it's annoying when your trying to dance. Especially that his bucket is full and he's still sweeping. ...yeeah!? And as a DJ, here's my biggest problem and my #1 recommendation for anyone attending this club. EARPLUGS!!! I had mine on the entire night... You know that never ending  "beeeeeeeep" sound when you walk out? that sometimes you hear it the next day? Mansion will give you that for 2 straight days and nights. Let me repeat that... EARPLUGS!!! My #1 recommendation for anyone attending Mansion. Now, I had a good time. The speakers turned off for about 15-20min. and as the people slowly began rioting (verbally) the dancers stood on the bar and gave out free shots. Thanks to shots, I danced longer. Mansion is a club for clubbers, not to see/hear DJs. People who like to party and are there for chicks, make sure you bring your good looks and cash, money, money! If you're a clubber for DJ's, then I don't recommend this club. You could go once, but there are other better clubs around. Noise Level Review:  Mansions volume is about 140 decibels (with earplugs). Death to your ear's tissues = 180 decibels.
What a disappointment. We waited in the wrong line for half an hour and no one told us it wasn't the main entrance. Had to pay $30 entrance fee around midnight (as a girl) and the DJ absolutely sucked. We kept waiting for someone else to come on but no luck. And my friend almost had her phone and wallet stolen. Luckily she noticed but a girl next to us wasn't so lucky. There were some acrobatic dancers that were pretty good though. The ratio of boys to girls was also awful. And did I mention the music sucked?
Hmmmm, my second visit was last month and I am still not sure how I feel about this place for catchin' a DJ.   It's quite large and appears to be separated into 2 main rooms.  While I have been there it has been the DJ I was seeing in one room and a hip-hop room in the other.  Not sure how the set up is at other times. The stage for the DJ it quite high so even though you get a great setup in the front, you hurt your neck if you continuously watch the performance.  The main dance floor is right in front of the stage as well so that is kinda annoying.  The VIP area in directly in the middle of the floor so walking around the place you have to do perimeter and they PACK the people in.   There is also a VIP section on stage which is discouraging because it takes away from the show of the DJ but it's nothing terrible.   Overall I would go here again to see my favorite DJ but I wish he would play other spots in MIA so I have something to compare to this experience.   I am sure like anywhere in MIA though, the water bottles are $7 a pop and you CAN NOT get tap water... WHATS UP WITH THAT? Also, if using a card, you MUST order $30 minimum.  One time I had only $6 on me and I was dehydrated and had to pay $6 for a SMALL CUP OF TAP WATER... WTF?  The second time, I planned better.
I had a great time and a few too many drinks. I got in free, which isn't too hard with the number of promoters trying to get you to party. Bar tenders were suprisingly nice, we got free shots (prob due to the tips). Vip gets crowded. I went on a Thursday, with special guest ... Pleasure P (not that special) but he brought in a reasonable crowd.
The venue is pretty nice but it's ridiculous that they have teams of people running around giving you VIP bracelets for this place in Miami/SOBE. VIP? it's just for jumping the line, you still have to pay cover. the bartenders are either slow as molasses or serve you while rolling their eyes and muttering under their breath at you. or both. who the h*ll mouths a prayer and crosses themselves before taking your drink order??? and the drinks are $16 a shot!!! and they're NOT even big! eff, between cover and the cost of ONE round for 4 people, we should have just gotten a bottle. straight rip. and the crowd... i mean, i get that everyone is out to have a good time... but dude.... it's like all the sleeze and predators just decided to congregate there.
Where else can you go with your friend while you're on vacation, have the bouncers let you skip the line, go in and hear good hip-hop, and meet a Miami Dolphin football player who will buy you shots and vodka drinks all night, and then take you and said friend out for breakfast at 3 am?  Not many places, I tell you.
I'm in MIAMI Bitch! It's not about who you are, but who you know! And when we party, we don't leav til 5 in da mor-ning! -do my very gangsta hand signal- My friend hooked up w/ 1 of the promoters for this club and he got us VIP, no wait, no lines, 2 free drinks, VIP wrist bands. There's a professional stripper pole in 1 of the rooms, and we totally took advantage of that. The drinks are a bit watered down, but the music was great from start to finish. We had so much fun that we totally lost track of time and nearly missed our flight... had to go to the airport in my hoochie mama outfit! fun times!
It was hyped up so we had to go since we were visiting. We got wristbands & were skeptical whether they were legit or not. Well, I guess it worked because we skipped the line, but had to pay $25. The DJ was whack. Seriously, you only played like 2 seconds of a song. Once you get into the music, it's a different song. The bottom dance floor was crazy crowded. Nothing spectacular.
Really? Really?!!! I can't believe this place is considered Miami's popular clubs. It was recommended by my concierge. I should have read Rob C.'s review first. Yes, I shamefully admit, I didn't do the proper research before heading out there. I found the place to shelter mean, snobby, and pretentious people. First, I still had to pay $20 cover but was told I would get a free drink since I had a voucher from the hotel. Ummm the free drink included only well drinks or something ridiculous like that. The female bartender said she couldn't make me a mojito. Then she said she couldn't make my friend a cosmo. We finally asked her, "what CAN you make?" I really didn't like her because at the end of the night, after ordering many a many drinks, I asked for water on tap. She said, "no, i don't serve free water. but you can buy bottled water." How ridiculous!!! So I walked to another bar and the male bartender gave me water on tap, free of charge. In your face Female Bartender!!! What is wrong with her? The only highlight of this club is that it has 3 dance floors. Overall, I'd stay clear of this place and never return!!!!!! DON'T GO!
I hate this venue.  The sound system sounds horrible - all you hear is muffled bass. The other night we saw a girl wheeled out on a gurney bleeding and knocked out and a huge guy being arrested for hitting her.  There are always cops hanging outside this place for a reason.  Not the best place for dancing - good place for overspending on bottle service.  SF equivalent to Ruby Sky.  Please OM - move your party back to Opium Garden.
This place is huge and absolutely gorgeous! The music was great too.... That's all I gotta say about this place that's good. Everything else sucked. People smoke in clubs??? WTF!?? Where there is NO VENTILATION??? Yeah, come here if you want to die from second hand smoke. I know Miami parties late, but honestly people don't even start dancing until 3am in the morning. What's up with that people?? You got a stiff leg or something??? Not enough alcohol in your system?? All people did was stand around like little wall flowers and looking like they hated their lives. And not only that, a good chunk of the crowd are a bunch of rude and disrespectful douchebags or sleezy dogs. I went the night Ne-Yo was supposed to "perform". He was expected to come at 1:30-2am ish. He didn't get on stage until 3am. He only sang like.. 8 lines throughout the night, and was dancing with a bunch of random people on stage while taking swigs out of bottles. And then he left the stage.... no where to be found after that. [sarcasm]Yeah, it was an awesome "performance" [/sarcasm].... if you even call that a performance to begin with. Ne-Yo. I am "Mad" and "So Sick" of you. Your performance sucked. Next time instead of looking like a drunkard on stage, you should actually sing more than just a few lines.
Mansion lived up to the hype, although at one point I had wondered how I could forget my glowstick in my hotel room. While Im not a huge fan of techno, Mansion had a pretty good mix of house music and hip hop. The place is impressive, I walked around for a half hour never seeing the same rooms or people. We got table service, which I would recommend for groups of 6 or more, in the end the price of the bottle equals everyone's bar tab for the night. With bottle service you're also treated like a celebrity with your own personal server. The night I went there was also a fashion show and our table was practically on the runway. It has a good mix of people, instead of the usual chachi guys you find at every club at Miami. Definitely worth visiting if you're in the area.
Highly overrated!! Did not have a good experience here. It was only electronica. Although, the venue is huge and is really popular.... I will never go back again unless someone paid me. I went with 3 pretty girls and had a hard time getting in for free. We were able to bypass the long line, but we paid 25 for cover. The doormen are worse than Hollywood... They pick and choose who they want to pull out of line to go in. Even saw a couple models that came with a rich guy in a Maybach...they still had a hard time getting in and had to pay. Doorman said you must be on a guest list to be comped.
I hate this place. The place itself smells...  Sorry ! my experience.
came here BEFORE i heard and saw all about it on tv, page six, etc. I don't even particularly like miami nightlife but i had soooooooo much fun here. i did come with someone i party with all the time so i guess that adds to it. but music was on point and crowd was having a great time. it was a huge mix of locals, tourists, europeans, everything! very diverse.I know i can go there next time i'm in Miami Music: 5    Crowd: 4     Atmosphere: 5++ UPDATE: just as fun as i remembered 2 years ago. However, i was on vacation. If this club was in NY, i don't think i'd be sweating it that much..
Second club of the night.  Huge place, kinda weird decor.  Pretty happening and packed with lotsa people.  Had a blast and don't remember much else haha.
This place is okay.  It really is one of those pretentious, "have to know people," or look damn good to get in clubs.  We had free passes but they didn't work since it was some rapper's birthday (can't remember which one, I want to say AKON, but I don't know). Anyway, we were in line for about 20 mins and the bouncer started hand selecting women (fail) and they did select us but still - I hate that, it's so Hollywood and meh, I guess I just don't care for the scene.   We get inside and the venue is spacious (1 star) and it is cool how you can sit on the couches without VIP table, bla bla bla $500 bottle service - so that's another star.  However, the music was good then bad, good then bad and the dj played songs twice.  The drinks were $12 each I think and not strong (go figure these place just want you to drop down money for drinks in addition to the $20 cover we paid).  Hmm, that's another thing - 3 women couldn't get in for for free? FAIL. This place did little to impress me - so I don't recommend it.  Unless, you like the pretentious "you look hot, but pay cover anyway" scene.
Pretty fun! Cirque du soleil dancers falling outa the sky, pretty girls in bathtubs of glitter, good djs and guest djs, great martinis, worth a visit every South Beach trip.
DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE! Mansion is overrated. The place charges an arm and a leg to get in, and the security guards are jerks. I was there with a group of my boys over the summer, and we waited in front of the line for an hour while they let in every girl who showed up and every couple. We ended up leaving and going to SoBe Live, which I suggest you do! The bouncer actually told me if I gave him $200 bucks he would let my group in, I'm glad I just waited because this club is wack. The center of the club is roped off for VIP, so there really isn't a dance floor. The drinks suck, and are way too expensive. The ambiance is the only nice thing, oh yeah the music is pretty wack too!
I never in a million years imagined myself in a nightclub like this. However, I'd just finished up a 2 week Trek America trip and had 3 nights in Miami. I arrived on a Saturday and the hostel that I was staying had organized a night out at Mansion with guestlist privileges. They had some famous DJ that night called DJ Sanchez (means nothing to me) and instead of paying the $50 our hostel party got in for $20. This meant that we got in very quickly as a group. I guess this makes a change to all the stories of the exclusivity of this place and difficulty to get in, particularly when people don't go with a mixed group of girls and guys. We got in hassle-free. The club was definitely an experience. I was there with some Brazilian girls, my hostel roommates and we were up for a good time. The club looks like one of those that you see in films. It had a very fancy interior with chandeliers and everything. This was quite overwhelming for me, being used to pubs and clubs back home that sell drinks for a £1-1.50 each. All I knew is that I could barely afford the drinks there and was just lucky to sponge off a rather charming, attractive young man who bought me drinks all night. The DJ was another experience altogether. I am more of a rock music girl than anything but even though the music was something I wasn't familiar with it was still a lot of fun. The lighting was amazing, I'm sure confetti flew out at one point and the whole place was jumping. There was also the rather interesting experience of pole dancers coming out and dancing on platforms. It was a very superficial experience though and I would probably never do it again. I prefer my friendly, homely bars and clubs where I feel more relaxed. This was a very flashy club for spoilt rich kids to waste away their Friday and Saturday nights. There were even private VIP areas available that you had to pay through the nose for. The front seating area cost $1000 each and the seating areas further back were $100 each. So basically you needed to have money to rest your pretty legs. It was worth the experience but I'm not dying to go back there. I think I prefer homely, cheaper places. This just struck me as a place for human beings that I generally detest.
Most of the time, Mansion is REALLY packed. Sometimes they close the upstairs leaving the downstairs to be overcrowded with raging partiers not paying attention to where they are walking. And this is just on a regular night. When a big DJ comes, forget it! The line outside is a block long with stuck up door people and bouncers but then again at what club aren't the bouncers and doormen acting stuck up. It's not usually expensive, at least not compared to other clubs like LIV but then again, the atmosphere as well as the people are different. Where as here you see the younger crowd all scrambling through the door, at LIV you get an older more pompous crowd. They remodeled mansion months ago and I will admit it's better than it's predecessor. Along with a new sound system that will leave your ears ringing, they added a bunch of new lighting on the ceiling and some other space. The drinks are ridiculously priced though but so are drinks everywhere in Miami nightclubs. $12 water bottles the size of your palm, $24 for a vodka redbull, etc. you get the picture. Overall, not a bad club but not the best either. Go for the experience of saying you went since its name has been around for a while and it's not too expensive to get in.
my first miami clubbin' experience so can't report about the relative excitement but we had a lot of fun. left pre-partying around 12:30, arrived at 1am (some random girl gave us "VIP wrist bands" on the street) and walked straight in - although $20 cover guys AND girls. mixed drinks are $14 and not well-made but the music is danceable and we had a good time.
I'm over it. Most pretentious club I've been to in a long time. The line to get in is not a line, but a crowd of people standing in front of the door and into the street. The order of how people get in is totally subjective. It's not based on who was there first, but who looks the best. I was there with 3 of my girl friends; we maneuvered our way to the front of the crowd and first spoke to a doorgirl who wanted to charge us $30 each to get in! I gave her the, "Go eff yourself" look, and then talked to a bouncer who gave us comp tickets that LITERALLY SAID "Comp: Hot Girls" on the ticket! (See picture). Usually, I don't pay for drinks (because well, look at me), but the guys here were not very good looking and even I wouldn't stoop THAT low for a free drink... so I sucked it up and ordered myself a cranberry vodka. It was EXPENSIVE - $16 for a tiny ass cup? Yikes. I will give them this though -- the dance floor and lounge area are huge, and they play excellent music to bump & grind to.
If you are in the Miami area and want to experience a club similar to LA or Las Vegas, then I suggest the Mansion nightclub. I went there with my friend Lily A. (fellow yelper) back in 2006 and I went recently with my sister and 2 friends on May 13, 2009. The Mansion has 4 bars: one right when you enter, another by the lounge, and two in the main dance floor area. The bathrooms were nice and clean, located by the front lounge area. The music was good and shredded napkins would fall from the ceiling when a really good song came on. I had to pay $20 to get in even though I signed up on clubzone.com for the guest list, a website that apparently the people at the door weren't familiar with. It was really hot and humid, so dance the night away and look cool or at least keep cool as you dance:)
Out-of-towner Review I'm not going to speak on getting in/cover because I went with a package that my hotel (Hotel Catalina) set up where you drink for 2 hours and take a limo bus to Mansion and get free entry with no wait for $35. (I have a feeling a lot of other places do deals like this.) It was an amazing deal and I had no trouble getting in. I'm going to speak on everything else though! Wow, when you walk in there is a hot little thing dancing seductively in a giant martini glass, welcoming you into the nightclub. It's warehouse style, meaning it's a huge, open venue. There is an upper level where people can stand or get a table to look down at the crowd. There are tables with couches where people can lounge if they want to shell out the big bucks for bottle service. The vibe is the typical Miami-House scene. So around midnight two women descended from the ceiling and started doing topless circ du soleil acrobatics. It was breathtaking. And then later in the night on a podium jumps up the most fabulous man in drag I've ever seen doing the cancan. Then two women stood up above the bar in gorgeous costumes, (think Carnival) and waved to the crowd. There was a net with giant balloons above the dance floor. Two women crawled into the net and as delicately as they could, kicked the balls into the crowd. Oh and guess who got to take the ballon back to her hotel! ;-) So yes the place is expensive, but wow, what an experience! I'm glad I got to check it out, and only spending $35 bucks to do it was the cherry on top.
Mansion was average.. nothing outstanding. Since it was my first time in Miami, it had to be done. Would I go again, probably not. The venue was actually pretty nice. I probably would have preferred attending on another night. Thursdays DJ played some good old school jams but cut/mixed a lot of the songs so it got annoying. I wanted to listen to that song a little longer. Oh well. We didn't stay that long. Getting in was alright, we all had to pay a cover to get in to cut the line, $25.
Mansion Miami is what you would call a MEGACLUB, such as mega scene ,mega huge, mege expensive, mega crowded with megalomaniacs and perhaps some mega maniancs wearing mega shiny shoes or mega mini dresses. It is the manifestation of  a "I survived SoBe" tshirt with a Von Dutch trucker hat to match.... However, below are 5 reasons why you should go there, at least once: One: It emanates a very vibrant vibe- you will find yourself dancing whether against the wall because its so packed or away from all the "papis" trying to get down Two: They have mega high profile surprise guests like every night such as Busta Rhyms, Bob St. Clair, Terror Squad, Trick Daddy (oh wait he might be a regular) Three: Great sound system Four: It will serve as a measure of comparison for every other mega club you might find yourself in....for the rest of your life Five: The eye candy is sooo sugary that you can not stop looking...that is, until your retinas begin to feel mushy a consistence best equated to that of flan Also, unless you have a hook up, expect to wait a mega line and pay mega bucks for cover.
This a nice-looking bar / lounge / club in South Beach.  Went a couple of times and had a good time.  Did a lot of dancing, and drink service was good.
EXPENSIVE @$$ DRINKS!!! If you want to get drunk, DO NOT go to this club. The drinks are CRAZY EXPENSIVE and WEAK!!  $16 for a mixed drink and they add the gratuity themselves! WTF!? Try talking to a bartender and see what he can do for you. My bartender hooked us up with $9 kamikaze shots. It was enough to get me really buzzed, but not so much for my bigger guy friends. Our group of 16 ordered tickets ahead of time online, that were $18 per person with line cuts. Not a bad deal. But who knew drinks would be so damn expensive inside? Good thing we pre-partied a little before going to the club. I can't remember if the music was good, but my friends told me they didn't like it too much. The club is much smaller than i thought it would be and the only PRO is the A/C they've got going in there. It never got too hot!
CAREFUL NOW wary traveler.... I've been in clubs all over the world and let me tell you, this is a 1 star experience. 1. You wait nearly an hour 2. You pay $30 3. You get let into 30% of the club where it's 90% drunk guys. 4. VIP area = bribe the bouncers 5. Drinks = more expensive than anywhere I've ever been (I go to top clubs only) 6. Music is PAINFUL and LOUD, so loud you can't possibly talk to anyone without damaging their hearing. Only positive bit is that bouncers are friendly french speaking guys... But I guess they have to be cause they're robbing you in plain sight.
Ladies and Gentlemen, we've found the Tree of Life of all Guidos! Mansion is one big Kmart stereotype of South Beach. Guidos, fake tits, gaudy decor and god awful tourists converge into this horrible, horrible club. Don't let the lines and celebrity guests fool you. It's not the classiest of places. They employ "promoters" to hand out wristbands for this establishment all along Washington ave, hoping to lure tourists in like a frat boy equipped with everclear. Oh, and when you do stand in line, you'll have to deal with the typical south beach bullshit (ie. paying to get in) Try to stay classy and keep outta here, k?
If you are itching to free yourself from the more chill hotel lounges and want to break it down on the dance floor, bring it to the Mansion. This place is huge, and don't hesitate to take it the House room to let the music take over your body. If you are into hip hop, I'm pretty sure they have that going on, but just bring your moves to the House beats and you will be fine. Perhaps you may need a few expensive drinks, but partying is hot! Afterwards, don't catch a cab on Washington. Especially in the after-club hours, good luck. -Matt
During Ultra week I came down to the Mansion for the Ultra carry over party featuring Avicii. I know DJ talents make or break the place, but I must say that Mansion as a club itself doesn't fall short of being awesome. ** First of all I need to get my rant in! There are a couple of girls from the LA area that were spreading mad hate about the Mansion. I just want to be honest and call you guys out. Just because your ass was too ugly for guys to buy you drinks, it doesn't mean the club itself is a terrible place. Get your game right.  End of rant** The club was located in South Beach a convenient location on Washington Ave and right infront of the Dade County transit stop. Me the boys got our asses crunk, got on the bus and didn't have to do much walking. We rolled in like a boss when we pulled up at the club. For this particular event, we had presale tickets. Checking in through the front was a breeze. No wait, and it took a total of 5 minutes at the most.   Drink prices are fairly up there. On South Beach everything includes the gratuity, so even buying a bottle of water at $10 seems ridiculous. Just deal with it. You are on vacation. The club itself would be considered a medium sized club in Vegas. The quality of the sound system is outstanding. I would give it a 4/5.  I didn't see many areas that accommodated for the VIP as I did at club LIV. Either ways this night was all about getting crazy to Avicii. You can't be sitting down and shuffling. The club has two floors, and bathroom on both floors! Which is key if you plan on hanging out in different areas. Everything was easily accessible. At no point I felt like I was fighting for air just walking around the bar area. They even have couches for you to kick back on while you wait for someone in the bathroom. As far as club tier scale compared to Vegas clubs, Mansion is between a Tier 2 to Tier 3 club. However the DJ talent, and overall awesome service by the staff does make this into a must stop for any club goer in Miami. I am a fan!
I don't care what anyone says, this place is amazing- even if it was "so 1999".. The music is great, my group of friends are hot, and bottle service is always a must. I love being a girl :) plus a girl in Miami = guaranteed good time..can't wait to be back in 2 weeks and dance my lil bum away at Mansion.
This place is horrible. Me and my friend went on March 17, 2012 to see Sharam to kick off our Miami Music Week.  Even with tickets, the doorman will NOT let you.  You either have to walk in with a beautiful girl or pay loads of money to the doorman (even if you have a ticket!!).  That's when I realized that this is how Miami was going to be and I was disappointed.  I'm from LA, our events our way better and most importantly, were not stuck up!.  We ended up getting in after awhile.  Def was not worth it, $20 drinks were just outrageous.  The atmosphere is horrible, we couldn't get out fast enough!!! If your going with a bunch of girls or have loads of cash, I mean LOADS, then I'd say check it out.  Otherwise stay away, Miami (South Beach) is completly overrated.  I've come to realize lots of people go to Miami for the Music Week once and never return. I will never go back!
We went here cuz our hotel provided a free admission and drink pass and it was walking distance from our hotel. I actually hated it. The abundance of non VIP lounge chairs was a plus. The dance floor is tiny so people ended up dancing on the staircase which caused major traffic issues. And um....really? Justin Timberlake ALL night? Needless to say we left early. I'm so glad I didn't pay for that.
Hopefully another review comes next time for Mansion. But for now.. The line hardly MOVES unless you have a table or hook ups with the promoters/bouncers.  We waited in like for like 40 minutes, and they only let in 3 people in our line... The line with prepaid tickets was the same thing! Barely moved... So..... what's the point? Ridiculous.. and the place didn't even look that packed.... At least I enjoyed watching all these lamborghinis and ferraris roll up in front of the club while I slowly gave up and left the line to enjoy bar hopping along Ocean Drive!
I don't understand how people can go clubbing in South Beach and then complain about how expensive it is. DUH. Mansion gets great DJs, and has several rooms with different musical styles to choose from. The bartenders are actually super friendly and patient considering the hoards of drunks they have to deal with all the time. My experience was with a cool crowd where people were just having a good time with no drama. If you want to just listen to someone play bad music off of their iTunes account go to a bar. Clubs in South Beach are for people that are willing to pay for the extra experience and atmosphere.
I would love to hate this place just to be cool, but I can't.  We went on a Friday and got in with no issues and no cover.  Even though the music isn't really what I'm into these days, it was pretty good if you're into hip hop and they also played some nice older stuff. I liked it because I feel like most of the clubs around here are not really good places to go and dance, but Mansion had a big dance floor and fun music.  I give it 3 stars because it was good, but nothing spectacular.  I'd driven past there before and would definitely not wait in line for the club, since it's basically a standard club with nothing ultra-special about it.  I'd go again if I felt like dancing the night up.  It was filled with douchy guys, but I'd be surprised to find a club like this that wasn't.  SoBe or outside of it.
This place is cool if you feel like hearing mainstream music and getting your dancing shoes on.  They have performances occasionally - last week we saw MIMS who was really fun but it made the place unbearably crowded, pushy and rude.  Later in the night as I let my feet rest I noticed  how dirty it looked with all of the old gum on the carpet and people making out.  Its definitely one of the largest clubs on the block and it comes with all of the big club pitfalls.  Four stars because sometimes you just want to go to the regular happening spot to dance without worrying about being able to get in and its something worth going to once.
To be frank, all nightclubs are the same. You have to expect it and it won't bother you so much. You'll always be pushed by club goer's. Drinks will always be weak and expensive. Drinks will always be spilled on you. So when I read the reviews on Yelp before going to Mansion, I took it with a grain of salt. Mansion was pretty kick a**. The bouncer who greeted us was a teddy bear. He was so sweet and personable. We actually had a normal conversation before entering the club. He wasn't the typical meat head holding a clip board. We told him it was our friends birthday and he comp'd him admission. Pretty cool in my book. I didn't go into the club cranky and pissed off. Cover was $25 for men and women. Expensive? Hell yeah. But at least it was the same for both genders. Upon entering, we were floored. The place looks a lot smaller on the outside, but it's pretty expansive with numerous rooms to hang out in. In the main area, the DJ knew what was up. He played awesome songs that had everyone doin' a little bump and griiiiind. Now... for the drinks. Like I mentioned above, I expect drinks to be weak sauce at a club. That's what pre-gaming is for. BUT when drinks are THAT weak, do NOT charge me $25 for a vodka soda and a Corona. I spent half that on my magnum of Belvedere that we brought to Miami! Also, please do not tell me that it's a $50 minimum if you want to use your credit card. That's a darn lie. The overall minimum for merchants is $10. I believe they do this to encourage paying in cash so they don't get taxed on tips. Whatever. I shrugged it off and went back to dancing. Needless to say, we didn't stay all night (otherwise we'd be broke), but we had a good time!!! All in all, I'd definitely hang at Mansion again.
I celebrated my last few "single-status" weeks in Miami, FL.  Mansion was definitiely a top spot for me and the girls to hit up.  Upon arrival, we were immediately escorted to our VIP area which overlooked the crowd below us.  Not baaad!!  Bottle service was excellent and the music was awesome - all hip/hop, R&B and tunes from back in the day when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore..... ;)  The space is beautiful but tends to get a bit too misty with all that fog-type substance floating in the air.  *arms waving* "I'm over here!" The place was super packed (of course), however, since we had our own VIP spot, it didn't matter to us!  Shot after shot, after chug, after chug.  Now EVERYONE is pretty!   At one point, one of my girls hops on top of the speaker box and starts wildin' out.  I thought, "Oh damn, we 'bout to get kicked out!"  10 minutes later, I see Mr. Bouncer approaching our area and says, "Excuse me, please.......remove your shoes."  What?!  WOW!  And here I thought we were gettin' kicked out for simply dancing on the speaker box.  NOPE.  We just had to REMOVE OUR SHOES.  LOL. Now, if that was the Bay Area, we'd be ASSED OUT! Sooo....what more can you ask for?  Good music, beautiful people, spacious venue and unlimited go-go dancing on the speaker box! Unfortunately, since I can't remember ALL that happened, except falling over and waking up with 3 bruises (ouch!), overall, Mansion is definitely a spot I'd hit up again!
I walked up to the bouncer at 1:30am with my girls and said " sup", dismissing the lines of people trying to get in.The bouncer said " come on in", totally meeting my style, so thank you sexy bouncer. George Acosta was the DJ in house but the house was comfortably packed where you can walk and dance without touching everyone's asses and the genital. I have to say $50.00 credit card minimum is definitely absurd, but not as absurd as $18.00 vodka soda and $10.00 bottled water (still feel bad for the guy that bought the damn bottled water for me). I have to say that this club was what I was exactly looking for. A fan of EDM Music, the dance floor was spacious and I appreciate the bouncers being incredibly polite and efficient. Only suggestion would be to really "filter" out the people that don't really belong there. I saw a middle aged woman with t shirt, frigging jeans and a pair of sandals, seriously?? My girls took time to look fly and I expect just as sexy people to party with me. This club is a great alternative to LIV as LIV is impossible to get in unless you are literally willing to drop $300.00 per person to get in.. just to get in.
If you have a few hundred to blow on $16 drinks and a $30 cover, this is the place to do it. Its a really dramatic entrance, it felt like we were walking into club 54 or something. lights everywhere and bright chandeliers from the ceiling. it was a really high-end club, and the music will literally make your ears ring through the next morning.
I have been to Mansion once and won't be back any time soon. My gym had a party at Mansion so I got  in for free but other people usually have to pay $20 dollars to get in. Seriously? You don't even how it is in there and you charge people that much? Inside it is big so that a good point but the decoration is just weird and looks cheap. They really should invest in a new interior designer. You can't see a damn thing going on. Drunks guys are all over you and the smell of sweat  also: not my idea of fun. Credit cards are accepted starting a 40 dollars purchase ... seriously? The music is not that great either. I don't see a point to go there, unless you are really drunk and don't care about spending a lot for mediocrity. Bye bye Mansion!
We got on line here for our friends bachelorette party.  They told us it was $30 per person.  We decided to leave because it wasn't that big and there was going to be a lot of house music.  The bouncers stopped us and offered us $20 per person and we didn't have to get online.
Mansion is definitely a hot spot when the Dj and entertainment is right . The 1st time I paid a visit to Mansion I saw Freeway and Eve preform and they tore it up.   This visit was ok but I still love the club and it very swanky look. Mansion has a sensual and intimate vibe throughout its multi-level area. With six bars on two levels and a main-room stage to host fashion shows and live performances.  I don't know how long Mansion has been around but it is definitely history in the making as long as the keep hosting the countries dopest DJ's and live performances.   To all my cali folks hustle the damn door man! You know and I know long lines suck ass and a lot of it. Fellas if you been to Vessel in SF you know the drill: Bring a lady or a few ladies head to the front of the line request table service and you're in! Even if there is no table open you're still in. Plus ya boy Reem pulled off the best Rico Tubbs ever while I was there!  I grab two chicks that came out sunday night together intro myself took them to the front of the line and it was a done deal after little wheeling and dealing Isreali doorman. I swear you'll love the entire look of Mansion and you to can pull a Miami Vice! Daddy wears his sunglasses at night!
did not live up to the hype. service was good - music was terrbile.  All I heard was bass.
Music changed every minute. you just starting to enjoy the tune and start dancing to it, and it changes. crowd wasn't great. go go dancers were very very slutty. drinks, overpriced and watered down. too smoky, not enough vents. the room we were in was packed and they were refusing to open up more rooms. i was there on a sat, and to be honest, any club in Tdot will blow Mansion out of the water. Left longing for good music. i had a good time regardless though. i was with my beau and nothing really can spoil the night when he's around. so thank him for a great night.
Loved the music and the vibe here! And you are allowed to sit on the back of the vip area chairs to you can avoid the drunk people spilling their drinks...love it!
ME: WOOHOO! Let me buy the next round! ME: 3 washington apple shots please! ME: *looks at bill* $18 per shot not including automatic gratuity. ME: Eek! Please pre-drink. Cover that Saturday for us was $10. The outside is a little misleading, this place is pretty big inside, reminds me a little bit of Haze Las Vegas. Their sound system is nuts in the techno room. It was messing with my heart beat. Also some of the bar tenders used the old school credit card swipe machine where it makes a carbon copy of the front of your credit card, hello fradulent charges & identity theft! Invest in a credit card machine for all registers please.
This place is truly over rated... I don't know what the fuss is about on this club. Seems like there are more people waiting in line to get in than there is inside the club.
Visited this place last weekend for the fourth of July. I was completely disrespected by one of the bouncers. I was on line with a drink in my hand and instead of just asking me to throw it out, the bouncer said, "Pour it out before I pour it on you." I couldn't believe that he would say something like that and treat me like some kind of animal. Expect quality service at the door only if your a celebrity. I would never visit this place again.
Basically mansion rocks. I always have a totally awesome time here with my gfriend : ). I usually go on fridays or saturdays . The part that i like is the live music plus just walk in and u can go in for free most times : ) with my gfriend of course. mansion is awesome and i alwys have fun . Thank u see u soon : )
Imagine, walking into a club that reminds you of Space Mountain in Disney. This is exactly how I see Mansion Miami. Came here on a Friday, as we approached the VIP table door we were turned down, but the rest of our party was allowed in? The bouncer at the door was sizing my date and I up from head to toe. Not a problem! My date made a phone-call and we skipped the line and entered through a private door. Upon arrival we made a bee-line for the VIP section. While I sat on couches I was memorized by the flashing lights and women dangling from the roof. The music wasn't good that night but the party I was with definitely made up for it. Will I return? Possibly, but not definitely.
We decided to head to Mansion because a promter had given us a wristband that would allow us to get in free. The couple that we were with had been a few years before and said they liked it. As soon as we got out of the cab there was a really long line but we went up to the door and they noticed we had wristbands on.They ushered us through the door like we were Vip. We were impressed with the inside. Lots of bars and great music was playing. The bartender was not as friendly and the drinks were not very good for the first round. we did finally find a bartender that once he figured out we tipped nicely started paying better attention to us and the drinks got much better. We all had a great time and now know why this club has been a round for a while.
If it wasn't for the fact that every DJ/Performer I love/adore/obsess over comes to this club, I would never ever ever go. I've seen SO MANY acts here that I can't even talk about it. The crowd depends on the music obviously. The Hardwell crowd wasn't as intoxicated/crazy as the Knife Party crowd (wish it was the other way around honestly) etc. My main peeve with this club are the openers and the bartenders. So you walk into this club and hear what I like to call el tikitiki. I love EDM but I hate tech house. For Knife Party I had to endure TWO HOURS of this. Knife Party is hard electro-house/dubstep/whatever and to hear that garbage two hours prior to them was just so..idk there's no words for it, just WHY? A good opener is just as important as the main event and without that you don't have a hyped crowd. You have zombies that stand there popping pills to make this tech house crap more bearable and then you have a really f'd up crowd when the main event comes out (thats what happened at Knife Party) that step all over your feet and sweat enough to fill the tiny cups they use for their drinks. OMG and the bartenders. I swear if I ever see this girl in the street i'd hit her with a car because she was SO RUDE. I used to bartend so I know how annoying it could be but this girl just blew my mind. I got my drink as soon as I walked in (around 11ish) and there was hardly anyone at the bar. "Cranberry vodka and a bottle of water please." I got a cup of juice and a bottle of Evian. /looks at bill "36?? This drink has zero alcohol, fix it please." I even said please. "Take it, pay, and gtfo out of my face." WTF? REALLY? Didn't leave her a tip and it was so very difficult to not throw my drink in her face. To pay that much for a drink (at AMNESIA i've paid $12 for a drink so strong I gagged the whole way through it) and receive such attitude is just unacceptable. ANYWAYS, the sound system is awesome and the visuals are epic. I mean the whole place is covered in LEDs, roof to ceiling. I recommend it but bring a flask (btw i've done it before, diet coke for my alcohol was $9 so prepare yourself) to avoid the pesada bartender. OH and be careful filming anything on your phone, this place is notorious for phone snatching. My friend almost had hers snatched right from her hands, the guy was met with a very hard stiletto to the foot and a nice shove from us both. Just be wary of your valuables.
We arrived a little after midnight with bracelets we received from a promoter that we randomly met and got in almost immediately without any issues!  The place was very spacious and the music was great.
Wow, this place is fancy. I'm with Anh on this one. We paid $20 but we got to skip the line with our fancy passes from Hotel Clinton. Beautiful inside with chandeliers everywhere and several sections. Sexy girls, lots of cute guys (one asked to "borrow" me, hahaa), and the music was pretty good. Would have been better if more than one room was open and if it had more house music the night we went, but alas, all the house heads were partying hardy on the cruise that weekend. Drat. Instead, we got to watch the shortest concert in the world. Naughty by Nature performed 4 songs. And then that was it. Haha. The rest of the night we were boogie-ing on down to old skool hip hop and some top 40. Chick friend was whyling out when "Single Ladies" by Beyonce came on. Hahaha. All the old skool was reminiscent of the college years for my other friend and I. They played house for 15-30 minutes around 2am, but the crowd wasn't digging it too much. Some snobby chicks were sitting next to us (only one was actually dancing) and giving us dirty looks which just made me laugh and enjoy myself even more. Hahaha. (Reminds me of this song youtube.com/watch?v=MWdq…)  You don't pay $20 to sit at a club and sneer at people. There's no fun in that! What you do is join in the sandwich group and smack the girl's butt in front of you! Oh hehehe did I write that on here? =X Fortunately, most of the people here were pretty cool. The bartender lady was hella sweet, but the prices are steep. $7 for a bottle of water? What? Plus the bar I was at didn't have Mai Tai's or White Russians. Heheh. Oh well. I settled for vodka and pineapple. Anyway, the bouncer dudes outside were Hardcore Awesome! One took our pics for us many times and almost got run over doing so. Any guy who risks his life for me is a hero in my book. Lol. Now the reason he took so many pics was that some random guy kept showing up behind us in our pics. But we'd turn around and we could never find him. Hahaha. My chick friend calls it "The Ghost of Miami!" I'd love to come back here again when it's at its usual capacity. But it was still a fun night!
Best of everything! Our attendant took very good care of us, awesome music, beautiful people... Everything was perfect! Love the mansion d cirque theme. The following week, someone from the mansion even texted to let us know that there is a table for us in case we decide to drop by.
I used to have some great times at Mansion, so I can't fault it too much.  But I hadn't been back in quite a while till this past weekend when we were out celebrating my birthday.  I gotta say, trying to charge 3 girls $20 each to gain entry at 4:15 a.m. is not cool, Mansion, not cool at all.  And for that reason alone, I probably won't go back anytime soon. It's definitely one of the South Beach clubs that's managed to remain popular while others of its ilk have opened and shut, and even reopened and shut again (Opium, Prive, Crobar/Cameo, the list goes on).  If you're visiting Miami, and you're looking for that "South Beach experience" of your vacation dreams, Mansion is the place for you.  Don't be scared though, if you get past the velvet rope for free, drinks are still crazy expensive.  If you're in a large group or with a bunch of guys, bottle service may be the way to go. They mainly play house/electronic music (in the big room), but there's a smaller room devoted to hip-hop, which is usually packed to the gills.
I've been here twice and enjoyed myself each time. Considering this is a Miami spot the cover was comparable to what I pay to go to a DC joint which was a plus for me!! The crowd is a nice mixture, the energy is cool, they play a range of all genres of music and usually there's a furry animal doing stripper moves somewhere which cracks me up. It's super huge in here and it gets really pack, I can't remember the drink prices but this is definitely a place you want to check out when you're in town.
We had an awesome time dancing here and did not leave till 5am. The music in the dance and hip hop rooms were great. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was the $25 cover, $16 drinks, and the shitty bartender (from the Miami season of the Bad Girls Club) we dealt with. Both my husband and I got drinks from her separately and either she was in a foul mood or just a bitch. Very rude. Other than that, the crowd was a blast. When I am limping out of a club, I know it was a good night.
Awesome and massive club with many different rooms with different music playing. Loved it, would definitely go back!
Boooo i'm so disappointed !! Is this seriously the best Club in South beach? I really had to ask myself that. I love Mansion in nyc and I always knew it originated in Miami so i had to check it out during my trip here. My first choice for the night was initially Opium but they had closed down for some construction so the bouncer handed us some VIP bands for Mansion. We got there and the line was sooo longgg ! One of the bouncers decided to be an ass and made us wait on the long line. Thank god another bouncer saved the day and got us right in. The main difference betwen Mansion nyc and Mansion Miami is that in Miami they keep their nicer, bigger dance floor section to house/trance while they cramp all the hip-hop heads downstairs. The problem with that is trance gives me serious migraines after a while. :( overall : not crazy about it
Great party also on Thursday - beatiful people and great deco. First I missed the dance floor but then realized the whole place is one big dance floor... Beer $8, RB Vodka $13.
My friends and I were in Miami during the end of the WMC and had tried earlier that night to get into Liv for the party that Diddy was hosting. After waiting 2 hours and not getting in, we decided to head to Mansion. There was no line at about 2 am and we got in right away. We were told that cover was $60 that night for some DJ that was playing. We paid and was told that we had to head upstairs (0n this night the entire downstairs was VIP). The place was big and dark and seemed dirty and old. I appreciate that they reused and old theater but I think they could do more to improve the ambiance. We went to the bathroom and then planned to hit the ATM. The line in the bathroom was long and the floor was soaked and one of the two stalls was out of commission. That's not unexpected for a club, but it was a little much for us at the time. We headed out and asked for the ATM. We were then told there wasn't one upstairs and that we had to go back down. When we got down to the front we were told that the ATM was upstairs. At this point, after being bumped into about 100 times by the house heads and Europeans we had had enough. We decided we'd just chalk the money up to a loss and head home. Do not go to Mansion! Your time and money could much better be spent at B.E.D.
Fun place, for a gigantic club. The music mix was solid and the crowd was extremely attractive. Get there early if you're male and reserve a table. Nothing will happen for the first hour, but it's worth it later on. Not an intimate place, so if you like that go for Mynt or Mokai or Rok Bar. But pretty much the gold standard for large-scale clubbing.
We only waited in line for 5 minutes.. when it used to be a 40 minute minimum when it was Glam Slam.  Its your standard touristy club experience with every nickel in the club looking for a dime.  Don't ever use a credit card on the weekends as you may never see it again - cash in hand will get you free drinks.  On a hot night we rent a limo and it seems to speed things up at the gate - i don't know why.   Music needs a serious shot in the arm.  Lame.  Back in the Glam Slam days I used to come to South Beach to be dazzled by big-beat sound from indies that we had never heard of.  Now its from promo no talent hacks that signed away 100% of profit just to be "out there"  Well if i'm paying $40 - please let the new music play.
This was actually one of my favorite clubs in SOBE! I loved it! I thought it was spacious enough where you didn't have gross guys drooling and grinding all over you. Also my friends and I got in free, got to cut the line, and got to sit in VIP the whole night. I loved how the VIP section wasn't tucked away in some upper level or corner somewhere, but right smack dab in the middle of the club, in the center of all the action. It was great! The music was fun too, hip hop was good. I was happy with Mansion, I had a great time dancing the night away!
If you ask anyone in South Beach where the hot spot is, they will tell you Mansion.  All along the streets of South Beach there are guys who offer you FREE VIP wristbands.....bunch of crock cause it's nothing but a ploy to get you there.  The wristbands got us cuts in line but they tried to charge us $20 each....uh NO so we tried to leave and the promoter said ok fine 2 free but one pays $20...we had a few drinks before we got there so that apparently gave us the courage to look at him as if he was crazy..... he finally said ok fine free for all you three.  Now we are talking! So we walk in to find the place pretty dead.  We asked one of the bouncers what was up and he told us it was still early at 12:30am.  It starts to get good around 1:30am.  So seeing the crowd ruined our buzz so we headed to the bar for a round of drinks.  My friend only drinks jager shots so fine 3 cough syrups it is at $36 dollars?? HOLY.  The bartender was nice enough to give us a free round of shots cause we complained so much about the price but oh gawd...the shot was a nasty mix of tequilla, juice and rum?  nastier than Jager, if that's possible.   The place eventually did get super crowded.  The music was top 40, hip hop that night and there isn't much of a place to dance so we found our way in the middle of the VIP area  *woohoo* so we can get our shake on.  They allow smoking in the clubs  with horrible ventalation so get ready to lose about 1.5 years of your life with second hand smoke.
Love the sound system - and they have the best acts, but being a local from Miami, I can't stand the arrogant and obnoxious staff and front door.  The prices are also ridiculous - don't go here if you plan on spending less then a few hundred.  Also, VIP is super expensive.
Well I went here about a little over a year ago. I wish I could tell you how it was but honestly their door people were an effing joke! If you see their guest list on their own official website do yourself a favor and avoid it. It's not real. My group signed us up for the guest list but when we arrived not only did they not know what was going on but  they continued to belittle us. It's basically based on who they want in first. So if you don't feel like waiting on that "guest list" just pay your way inside the regular way. I normally don't like writing bad reviews but never have I ever been treated terrible at a place.
I'm not a club kind of guy - I prefer bars - but I really enjoyed this club. It has a nice setup and very cool music.
Yes, the experience at this club isn't cheap; it IS Mansion, right? I liked the atmosphere even though I found myself saying, "I don't speak Spanish" all night long. It was fun! And entry wasn't a problem thanks to our hotel Concierge's passes. The Miami nightlife is something else. This club will give you a taste of it.
Hugh Hefner's mansion is right here in Miami. This place is gigantic! The decor is so sick, looks exactly like a gorgeous 5 million dollar mansion inside. The door is VERY TIGHT, as you would expect for Miami. The bartenders and dancers are flawless. Only con was the VIP tables weren't really roped off so if you went into that area security would grab you. (Well then, label it!) The music is always out of this world. In the beginning of the night as I was more sober, I noticed there was a lot of hooking up right on the dance floor. As things got a bit more cloudier, it didn't matter to me. Just beware of the griminess. There were also some girls snorting coke right in the entrance to the bathroom, but come on, this is miami, coke capital. If you're laidback like me, you'll have a great time. (just be sure to pregame!)
If you're in VIP, you might actually have a shot at a fun night. The girls who work there are attentive and take good care of you. You have your own designated area to dance or sit and mingle with your friends. My favorite areas are the balconies overlooking the DJ booth; they have a "backstage" feel to them with a cool view of the aerial acts performed by the dancers. Sadly, if you're just a regular Joe on the dance-floor, expect not being able to stand in place without getting elbowed, having a drink spilled on you, having cigarette smoke blown in your face, random people bumping and grinding their sweaty privates on you (woohoo!)... And so much more!   Also, I've noticed a lack of dress code enforcement, which is no bueno if you ask me. Ladies, c'mon son!!! Sandals do not belong in a night club! Mansion, please send the chancleteras home. If we're going to be standing amongst pata sucias who may as well have strolled in after grocery shopping at Walmart, drinks and services should be priced accordingly.
This place is HUGE! I came with a huge group of girls and walked right in. The lines do get SUPER long on the late night though. Whether you're sitting VIP style or just hanging at the bar, there's so much to take in--the environment, dancers and the MUSIC.
Ah, Mansion. I have a love/hate relationship with this place. Mostly love, though. Any given night the line is going to be a block long but both times that I've gone I went with a girlfriend so we were able to skip it and go in for free. The club is huge with each room playing a different genre of music. They aren't too strict on dress code for women because I've seen girls walking around in flip flops (something I'll never understand - it's Saturday night and you're in SoBe, put on some heels) but I think if you're a guy you might have a more difficult time getting in. The drinks are pricey.. and when I say pricey I mean PRICEY, which is why I don't come here that often. It's still a nice spot to hit up every once in a while, though. The guys are mostly creepy from what I've experienced but hey, you can't win them all. In short, come here if you want to be surrounded by A LOT of people and good music. Just be ready to spend a good amount of money if you're planning on even getting remotely tipsy.
Pros: 1) Nice crowd even @ 3 AM on a Thursday Night 2) Good Drinks 2 + rather attractive bartenders 3) Good looking, well dressed crowd 4) Nice mix of hip-hop and dancehall 5) Matrix of rooms makes for a unique club experience 6) Pole dances Cons 1) Long wait in line (thank god the gf is hot or we would been waiting forever) 2) Expensive Drinks 3) Not a huge dance area (VIP is way to big, its not that serious, your not that important)
I came for a UMF Week 1 Zedd after party event, and I have seriously mixed feelings about this place. What I loved: - Plenty of seating upstairs for when the floor level gets too crowded - Plush seats in the lobby area for when you need to rest your feet - Bathrooms both upstairs and downstairs - Awesome fog machines blasting from both sides every other song - Confetti, confetti, and more confetti - Really cool lighting all over the club - Gorgeous dancers What I didn't like: - Rude and shady looking womens bathroom attendants - The floor level gets ridiculously crowded - The wait at the downstairs bar is kind of outrageous - $12 for water - No seat covers in the women's bathrooms What I wish I had known earlier: - There really isn't a dress code here, as long as you weren't wearing shorts you were fine (yes even for guys) - The upstairs is open to everyone, and you can sit at the unreserved tables overlooking the crowd.. first come first served of course - It's definitely challenging to get a cab at 5am from Mansion
I have been to mansion a couple of time and every time I have a great night. The busier the night, the higher it is to get in. Some of the bouncers can be cool when other can be asshole. one tip though get your ticket online if you are planing to go days before. Comparing to other club Mansion is pretty big. It has about 2 rooms if I am not mistaken the hip hop and the electric/techno/house rooms. DJ are are very good so far. About the staff it depends on your luck, some are more than friendly other sometimes things they are all that but I have been very lucky. I believe Mansion is a must if you want to experience the south beach life.
DO NOT GO! You will regret it!! I sincerely hope people will read this review before considering mansion. We are five girls that got the so-called VIP voucher that distributed on the street and went there. This is the worst club I have ever been to! 1 We were told at the door that the entrance fee was $25 each, which is already not cheap, we paid with card and the lady didn't tell us anything about the extra charge. When we come back and check the transaction on our card, it is 31.25!!!25% more than we were told! 2 there is nobody inside, it was not fun at all! No one is really even moving, most people just leave after an hour. 3 DJ sucks, terrible music. No popular sons and you just won't feel like dancing with the music. 4 it is tooooooooo loud, my ear hurt for one day, do not stay at the VIP area, that will be worse! 5 the so-called free drink for ladies was only vodka with juice, you do not have any choice. It made us not want any juice anymore.... 6 There will be four girls dancing on the stage, this is the only time I feel like I might be in a nightclub. But that lasts for only five minute and in a sudden they were all gone. You'll see people just standing there looking around and don't know what to do. Anyway, just do not go to Mansion, and do not trust the SO-CALLED VIP ticket, everybody gets one.
Long wait and pricey drinks, but a very cool and happening spot in Miami! The music is pretty solid and you don't have to wait TOO long to get a drink. Would definitely revisit.
Long lines to get in, looks ghetto and small outside but very big and classy inside. We had the wristband but didn't come in time and one of the girl promoter said she can get us in but we needed a FL ID, yeah 4 asian girls living in south beach, FL. She was full of shit and she knew we were out of town. bitch. anyway, we decided to come back and talk to the VIP section bouncers. Thanks to our cute, flirty friend she got us pass the line and into the clubs, not for free first but she came back and talked to the bouncers and he gave us passes FOR FREE, didn't have to pay! Some people thought we couldn't do it because we're asians, in your face, especially the couple who laughed at us when we tried. We got in FREE and cut thru the lines, and u had to pay. I'm laughing at you now. The guys here are cheap and short or maybe drinks were so expensive? It's like a college student feast, they have no money to buy girls drinks! Lots of Argentinians, go to a non college student club. The house dance floor was the best-they had confetti and big beach balls, the other dance floors weren't that great. small and packed.
TERRIBLE PLACE!!! I was on the list under a company and there to meet with clients and they didn't care. Unless you're willing to go naked, don't go!!! DISGUSTING!!!!
Mansion is beautiful and of course it's a landmark in Miami but I was quite surprised at how picky they are about who they let inside the club! It was my friends birthday and he was wearing sneakers- however they were really nice and could pass as dress shoes. We were with a large group of people and we were all dressed very nicely. We all ended up getting inside but they almost decided that the birthday boy wasn't allowed inside! After a heated conversation with a manager they let their dress code slide on not allowing sneakers. Inside we had a great experience! There were several different rooms, girls dancing on pillars in sexy lingerie, and awesome drinks. Just like everywhere else in Miami it was a little pricy.
i have to say that anytime i've gone to mansion i've had a blast. sure, it's pretentious. sure, it's a miami tourist staple. sure, it's expensive and has long lines, but i've always had a good time. then again, anytime i've gone, i've either been on someone's guest list or had tickets for a dj event.   although drinks and beers are expensive, it's a miami beach club, you can't expect $2 shots! the crowd's always mixed with locals and random tourists that are looking for the 'miami' clubbing experience. i'll probably keep going back since they have a knack for getting incredible djs there. long live the mansion.
We heard that this was the best club in town and picked up a few promo tickets at our hotel. Having read a lot of the Yelp reviews, I was prepare for the worst, but we got in without a hassle (right after they turned away two other groups too, go figure). $30 cover for both genders, which is in line with what others were saying. The club itself is so very Miami, lots of neon, lots of pink, all that. Most of the cool looking areas are restricted to people with bottle service, but the mezzanine offers a good view of the action from above and escape from the crowds. At first, the place looked like a middle school dance with everyone standing around with their hands in their pockets....probably because the free drinks we got at the bar didn't have any alcohol. The girl next to us ordered two vodka-red bulls, and the bartender replied, "42 dollars." $21 per drink is past the point of "omg, that is so expensive" and well into the area of comedy....especially since the vodka is actually water. Then again, I don't come to clubs to drink. The entertainment here was impressive though. It started off with a couple of acrobats, then the topless girls with animal masks and body paint started dancing on the bar--talented dancers for sure. There were also girls crawling around in a rope net above the bottle service area striking poses, but the weirdest sight was the girls who were taking power tools to their metal bikini bottoms, making sparks fly out of their crotch area. Later on, various other acrobats and animal-themed dancers appeared, and yes ladies, there were guys shaking their moneymakers too. Eventually the music got a lot more industrial sounding, the people got a lot drunker and started acting up a bit, and we took off. I tend to think that it was an expensive night for what we got, but since this is all I have heard about Miami clubs, I will give them the benefit of the doubt on the cover and drink prices. My whole thing is the experience, the decorations, the lights, the dancers.....as long as I don't get bored, I am happy. And although expensive, the experience was far from boring.
This club is good when they have a headliner Dj. It's a very big club but the amount of people they let in can almost be overwhelming. You def need to know a promoter bc like anywhere in Miami the drinks are expensive...
UM girls are frisky! As a foreigner I was unfamiliar with the entities known around south florida as "the UM girls". But boy did that change once me and my friend Mario decided to set foot on The Mansion! But first a bit of background story: Me and Mario were just in Miami for the weekend. It was Mario's first time here so it was imperative that the whole experience be epic. So we ponied up our life savings, rented a beautifull red porsche for the two days and reserved a vip table at The Mansion. Arriving in style and already a little bit tipsy after some warmup drinks at Shushisamba (don't drink and drive ... fast), we proceded to our table on the top floor where a nice bottle of sparkling wine was already waiting for us. The cushions on the sofa hadn't yet started to warm up when Rachel and Whats-her-name approached us. Rachel was your typical sassy brunette with a lot of energie and not enough pause beetween her sentences. Whats-her-name was a fabulously looking scandinavian blonde who looked like she had a part-time job at a classy strip joint in Ibiza. Unfortunately she also had a charisma to match. Rachel was very very frisky, and the fact that she talked alot (when I mean a lot, I mean reciting her life story in less than 5 minutes) just meant that we were on very friendly basis rather quickly. Whats-her-name kind of ruined the mood, Mario was (suprisingly) incompetent in creating any kind of empathy with the girl and she just looked bored for the whole evening. In the end I got a phone number (went unused for the rest of the weekend) and a notion of what to expect from college girls in Miami. And the joint? Can't really recall, I was just too busy trying to hook up ...
I liked this spot but it did not jump off until 130 am, I wish I would have gotten the memo lol. But it was a great experience since I was there for New Years Eve weekend and may go back if I am ever in town again.
I'd love to review the scene, music and drinks...if I actually had the chance to get more than 20 feet in the door. My friend and I arrived here one hour prior to them closing. The doorman wouldn't let us in without paying a $25 cover. No way were we doing that without seeing if it was even hopping inside. He assured us it was still busy, but we wanted to see for ourselves. We were allowed into the atrium, and the place was thinning out, naturally. And they still wanted to charge us...2 decently pretty girls...$25 for barely an hour in a dead club. Come on dude. Too pretentious for me. Pass.
What more needs to be said about Mansion.  If you are looking for a superclub that's super hip all at once, the main room at Mansion is it (note-solely the main room).  Whether you drop some pretty pennies to get in a on a table with some friends or just pop in with one another or a few friends to just dance away.  Mansion is there for you into the morning, and you're bound to have a good night in there.
PROS - The sights are nearly Vegas status (half naked women in martini glasses, hanging from ribbons/chains on the ceiling, climbing on rope mesh barriers near the ceiling, and metallic costumed people dancing on the balcony stages) - Cool TV images of abstract moving art and beautiful people; trippy lighting - Again, those sights were SO touristy/novel, that even though everything else was slightly mediocre, the acrobatics were unlike anything I've seen! - Decent music, danceable CONS - Congested, people are jam-packed in here! - Very loud, so if you came to dance and don't care much for names or small talk- this place is for you
I know a lot of people say Mansion is big, and for a club in the US, it was a decent size, but I was expecting more. There are clubs abroad that are twice the size of Mansion or more and I thought SoBe, being one of the internationally renowned party capitals, would have a Mega-club, but I guess not. This was the first club I went to in SoBe after moving to the city and getting into the club was a cinch. I only waited in line for 2 minutes with my friend before a bouncer brought us in, and managed to strike a deal with another bouncer when my friend and I didn't have enough to pay for the ridiculously steep cover. The drinks were good, although a lil pricey.  I can't complain however because someone else bought me my drink. I guess one of my biggest gripes was how smokey the place was .. I wouldn't have been able to see much if it weren't for the strobe lights. Also, the VIP section in the middle of the club was very off-putting, since it didn't leave much room to dance. Most of the people there weren't even dancing either, just a lot of people standing or swaying, trying to look cool ... and a bunch of posers wearing their shades (really? when it's DARK in a club?). The only place you could really dance was right in front of the stage or in the corner by the bar. The second room they have wasn't that big and the music was "ehh". Don't get me wrong, it's a decent club and it's beautifully decorated with all the lights everywhere. However, it doesn't have the WOW-factor everyone keeps telling me it has, at least for such a steep cover.
The last time I went to Mansion, argh... Again we paid the guy at the door to bypass the line. THEN they charged us $40 per person to get in. THEN the place was so jam packed that we could hardly stand, let alone dance. And, oh yeah, the music sucked.
Horrible service and horrendous prices. Club was practically empty when we went too.
Mansion is crazy.  I think it pretty much surpasses anything I've seen in Vegas, and I think that says a lot because places in Vegas are pretty over the top.  Fortunately I was with 3 other lovely ladies so we pretty much got out of the cab and were spotted and brought up to the front.  But even if we weren't I probably would have waited to  catch a glimpse of the inside of this place. The music was good in the first room we walked in.  Hip hop, top 40 type of stuff.  But it was hard to maneuver in there.  We walked into the larger room which was playing house/techno and we had to stop and take it all in.  It was amazing.  We were looking down from the big staircase we were on and there where huge pillars and platforms, people dancing on platforms, on the dance floor, in the aisles, in the lowered pits with the tables. Pandemonium. Scratch one of the list.  When you come to Miami you definitely have to stop to check this place out at least once.  It's been around for so long!
Located on washinton street where there are clubs after clubs, this place is hopping off. Great music, huge inside like a warehouse. Beautiful girls everywhere and the drink prices are normal Miami drink prices. Theres always a wait to get in but if you know people then you wont have to wait. Dress to impress and get ready to dance the night away.
This club is rather exclusive and they'll turn you away if you're not "cool-looking" enough (i.e. a very South Beach superficial view of hot), not rich-looking enough, not fit enough or just plain ugly. The music is typical club - hip-hop & electronic and their rooms are a decent size. My friend got groped numerous times, but what more could I expect from a club filled with Miami skeezers with wandering hands and a high-ass blood-alcohol-content?  I never was groped but then again, I have the stunted development of a 23-year-old-woman with-an-11-year-old-boy-body so no one's interested in grabbin on THAT. ;) Overall, I didn't have a WOWOWOWOWwowowow omg good time (I'm not a club person anyway & I wasn't under the influence of mdma when I came to mansion - STAY ABOVE THE INFLUENCE KIDS!) but just go for the experience, it's very "Miami" - and by that I mean very tanned, skimpy and greasy with a mixture of tanning oil, sweat and sunscreen.
Well, I'm not a regular nightclubbing type. In fact, the party I went was hosted by my employer. I think this place offer enough feature to let a corporate do some promotional event to entertain their customer and employees. I'm not sure what is the average expectation to this type of nightclub, but for the company who needs to host a party for the conference attendees of 2000+ people (though not all of them are actually coming out),  this may be a fairly good place.
You definitely have to be a baller or know someone if you want to get in quickly. Otherwise, prepare to be herded and treated like cattle in a line that's all for show before you get anywhere near the front door. The pretentiousness of this club is far worse than anything I've ever seen in LA, Vegas, and New York. As an unassuming tourist, I discovered that the guest list on their website is there just for looks... everyone working the club played dumb when it was brought up. That wouldn't have been so bad (hey, it's a given that everyone's trying to make a dollar), but then I witnessed the 47 year old man in a spangly military jacket fronting the line tell a female club-goer - who was minding her own freakin' business btw (and no, it wasn't me :P) - through a bullhorn that she was ugly. Straight up. And no, she was not. And um, who does that?? You're a 47 year old man in a military jacket from Hot Topic holding a bullhorn. Get over yourself!   It wasn't long before my friends and I were over it and headed elsewhere. I'm sure the club itself is nice and all that, but damn, no reason to treat people like that!
This place is anti-future
Ok, this positive review that I'm about to write here just cracks me up. Let me start by saying that I'm totally not into the club scene but am visiting Miami from Chicago. I do not frequent establishments like this back home at all. But I'm on vacation here and I remember hearing Mansion was cool a long time ago and changed things up a bit and made the place cool again. I just wanted to have a good time, listen to some great music and dance. We ended up having a really good time. The place kind of reminds me of a sleazy strip club with neon lights, strobes, fog machines, wild light installations and hot half naked chicks hanging from ropes dancing in the air. The DJs were amazing and the people watching was even better. There is a solid VIP area located in the middle of the main floor. The place is huge and was packed with lots of scantily clad chicks and people on drugs. The selection of good looking men was pretty dismal. Expect to pay a cover here. Luckily we ran into some people we knew in the VIP area so that was cool. Surprisingly enough, I had a pretty awesome time. All the staff was friendly too which I've found to be a rare thing in Miami.
I fucking hate this "club". This isn't a real club, it's a room of mediocre music filled with poseurs, wannabes, and (along with Liv) the biggest scam in Miami Beach. *** LISTEN UP *** This fucking "club" charges $14 for a Heineken, but what they DON'T tell you is that the price is really $12 with a $!.93 auto grat added and then THEY ROUND up the remaining .7 cents. YOU do not know this, so, you pay $14 for the beer, and being a cool person, you give the bartender a $1 tip. The bartender just got almost $3 total for you on a beer that shouldn't be priced over $10.What kind of club has an auto grat when you pay cash for 1 or 2 beers??? what kind of club has bartenders who DON'T tell you this???? FUCKING SCAMMMERS!!! Let's talk about the layout. If you not the "ultra oh so cool jet set..wipe your ass with $100", well, you stand on a tiny dancefloor with a bunch of faceless unfriendlys. I wouldn't recommend this club to anyone. Fuck Mansion.
EVERYBODY is out to ripe you off!! 50$ min. For credit cards but If you spend more then 50$ they "have" to tax you 15%! For what? for pouring my drink? I had to flag my bartender down and ask him to break down our 75$ bill for 4 drinks! I guess Miami is just one super expansive city! It was 25$ for guys and 15$ for girls, because we were on guest list. It was a complete disaster trying to get into this place! We came early around 10:40 and the club doesnt open until 11! We wanted to get in without any problems and make it for their happy hour that only lasts until 12:30! which is free drinks for ladies only. They give you a drink card that limits one drink per girl. LAME w.e ANYWAYS it took us forever to get in we had to wait in the heat, everybody sweating, non of the employees really knew what they were doing, and they ran around like chickens with their heads cut off! We had wristbands from some random guy standing on the corner of the street saying these would help us cut the line. When we got there, there were so many lines i had to ask the bouncer where to go and he told me to go to the back of the line! When i told him i had a wristband he told me, "so does this whole line." FAILL i should have known it was a scam to get more customers. When we did go to the back of the line, i made friends with a couple in front of us, that allowed us to to jump on their guest list. yeaaaaa!! then "manager" of GOD KNOWS WHAT tried to kick us out of the guest list line, b/c he saw our wristbands. MORE FAILL lols luckily the couple was really nice and kept arguing with the "manager" that we were "with them" on the guest list. BESIDES THAT the club inside looks reallyy nice! i would have loved it, if it wasnt for the pricey drinks, horrible service, and douche bag crowd. (mostly skanky girls or creepy guys) The music was really good too, something you could dance the night away with, only if the dj didnt jump in with his two cents CONSTANTLY! The other weird thing was the crowd there really didnt dance much? Maybe because it was so packed, it was hard to move! I left early when i decided this place is lame and has way too much hype! p.s. They had four gogo dancers on poles :] thats a plus
A Club to recommend in the Miami Circuit during the Winter Music Conference!
I was from Chicago visiting. Let's say Chicago is a cheap city to party in compared to South Beach. I paid $30 for a cab ride to get to a $15 cover charge to pay an $8 ATM fee for some $15 drinks. Never spent so much on so little. That was $70 just to get there! Yikes! The club is just like any other club I've been too. Nothing out of the ordinary except the prices. But there was good music. Hip hop and house on a Friday night. They got the VIP area right where it didn't need to be, in the middle of the dance floor.  Girls can get on tables and dance. They had a man dressed like a bunny on a table dancing. So I guess that was different :) everyone is good looking. So obviously they turn away a certain crowd. Overall I had a good time. Save up for South Beach though if you're a tourist!! Only thing I didn't like was they needed more seating in the main room.  Only people who had reservations could sit down.   I had fun. But will definitely need to find hook-ups to avoid spending my life savings on one night!
If you are willing to put up with the politics of getting into miami clubs,  then Mansion usually is a safe bet for a good time.  It's pricey for the entire evening, but usually the music is good and after 1 the crowd is fun. Guys shouldn't even try to come here on a Friday or Saturday night after 12:30 with no intent of getting bottle service, the same # of girls as guys and expect to get in a timely matter - unfortunately that is just  the way it goes
If this really is considered one of the hottest clubs in MIA, then I'm thinking you're either a) from the boonies and have never stepped foot into a club before or b) drunk from all those $$$ drinks, which you MUST be to be paying that outrageous price. Luckily, we received free passes which included one hour of open bar. Nasty well drinks, but it'll do when you're just looking to past through. Or in our case, until you run into a questionable guy with a table and no friends. Hey..bottles of GG and Patron for the taking? AND a place to dance away from the crowded main floor? Don't have to ask us twice! So to whoever that random dentist with the mistress was, I thank you for making our night at Mansion a good one. I almost didn't mind losing my phone that night because I was THAT drappy. (drunk-happy). However, Mansion loses even more points for not assisting in my search for the phone, both that night and the next morning. Got the run around three times before I decided it was a lost cause. So the next time I'm back in MIA, you can be damn sure I won't be coming here.
HUGE nightclub. I had a high expectation of this place but it was just okay. Great Music though.
So as tourists, we had no idea what to expect from Miami nightlife and how partying "works". On our first night in South Beach, we thought the "VIP passes" our hotel gave us would help us out but nope! They don't mean anything here. Fortunately, a bouncer just let us pass the line and go right in. BUT!!! Everyone, or almost everyone, always pays $20. No Vegas-style "if you're a girl, you don't have to wait or pay" here. And apparently, nobody goes out until 1am and they party until 5am! We got there at midnight and it was pretty dead. HUGE club, nothing super glamorous -- just people getting down & dirty! Girls dancing on poles (and those girls can SHAKE IT), girls selling various cigars & Kit Kat Bars. Expensive drinks!!! About $15 a drink and they add 17% gratuity. Warning for guys: If you're not a big baller, watch out for girls who will talk to you just for a drink hahaha. All in all, it was a great first night partying in Miami ;)
It's good place the DJ is so so But the security guard are horrible, there are many gays the girls is bad and there are alot of Miami guys there
I'm shocked at how many rave reviews this place gets.  Seriously?  This was an absolute crapfest. You walk down the street and see a long line of people.  In addition to the line, you have a mob of people at the front door.  Our hotel had given us vouchers, letting us get to the front of the line.  I pushed my way forward and showed the bouncer my vouchers.  He shook his head.  I held them up again, closer to him.  He said the mob outside the door were all the people with those same vouchers. Wait, what?  Then why aren't you letting them in? I stood there for about 5 minutes, nobody was getting in, and my girlfriend was behind me.  I got a bit annoyed, then pulled her forward and held her in front of me.  I figured a pretty girl would get some attention.  As soon as the bouncer saw her, he pointed at her and said she could go in.  She grabbed my hand, and we walked in as quickly as we could. Cover was $20 for her, $30 for me.  $50 just to get into the place, and I'm sure it'd be a lot more if I didn't have her with me, since I'd have to bribe the bouncer.  On the plus side, our vouchers got us two free drinks.  Two really, really weak drinks. We walked around the inside for a bit, checking out the setup.  Then we sat down and waited.  The place eventually filled up, and people were dancing, but the music was awful.  Full hip-hop songs from 10 years past, with no remix at all.  Some you couldn't even dance to, so you'd have to stand around and wait for a song to come along that was decent enough.  This was Labor Day weekend - shouldn't Mansion have some good music?  After waiting for a few hours for the place to liven up - and it never did - we left. I sincerely believe that the people who have a great time here are coming in already plastered.  I'm convinced there's no way somebody could love the over-priced clusterfuck that is Mansion.  We headed over to The Cleavlander...only $10 for the two of us to get in that night, and the music was profoundly better.  Doesn't make much sense, does it?  Had a great time there, at least, so the night wasn't ruined.
I can't say this is my favorite club in Miami Beach. This place is way to pricy for what it actually is. General admission is $20 bucks or if your on a list its $10, drinks are what you would expect on Miami Beach expensive, with terrible service. I valeted my car and had to wait 20 mins for them to bring it back to me, I even offered to go get it myself if they would give me the keys and tell me where it was. Also a fight broke out while I was there and it took security 10 mins to get there and break it up. Besides all that, while you are inside it is a great experience, the music, the sound system, the CO2 cannons just makes for a great time. The only problem that I see with this club is the same as other clubs that belong to this group, which is they set aside to much room for the VIP tables in the middle of the room, so basically, the general admission people are packed to the sides or right in the front.
I went here 2 nights in a row :X Surprisingly, Thursday night was a lot of fun..probably cuz we made more friends and a troupe of Asian girls is hard to come by in Miami :) We mostly had fun b/c my friends and I love each other dearly but it wasn't bad! I bought a round of drinks, about 7...somehow came to $100 with tip but what the hey it was my girl's bachelorette party! The DJ was AWESOME (we were there Thursday, April 3rd so if you're reading this, you are cool). Good songs, right length for each track, knew how to mix it up without slowing the party down.  The decor might look nice but I couldn't really tell since it was super dark inside, it's a really good space that they could do so much more with. The VIP is not so much really - just a velvet-roped circle. The VIP guy gave me a hard time b/c apparently he was pissed at the guys we were hanging with. I tried to tell him he just cut me off from my bridal party but he was just "too upset" to say the least. I'm sure he was really tired from guarding that rope. There was definitely a shortage of the ladies..booo...having to pay cover is lame after years of never paying lol but no biggie, we left and came back and we didn't have to pay thanks to our new friend Tex. Good times with my awesome ladies.
Probably the best commercial nightclub in Miami! They have so many super start DJ's come through as well. I usually end up here for a good/expensive time! Pre-game first though!
While I had tons of fun here dancing my a** off, at 3 min past midnight they no longer honor the VIP pass even though we were outside the door before midnight.  We had to pay the $25 cover and the drinks were small and pricy (typical SoBe) Order a long islands to try to get your $$ worth.   The main dance floor is huge and the sound system was much better and handled the bass much better than Cameo.  But Vice at Cameo was much better for hip hop than the cramped entry area you dance around in at Mansion if you want to get your hip hop on.  But hell who am I to complain, I spent most of my night/early morning sweating and dancing with my friends and some hotties.   Some may complain and say it is for the tourists...hell...it may be but I had one great time.  I recommend getting your *pre-funk on* [i.e. get a little tipsy] prior to getting there and maintain. Fortunately we hit up a open bar for happy hour and a couple of Frozen Red Bull/Raging Bulls at the Clevelander before we got here.
This was me and my friends first clubbing experience in Miami. We came on a Wednesday  for their "Cirque de Mansion' themed night. This included aerial performers wearing next to nothing (pasties and undies), and spinning around in the air to the thumping sounds of house music. I had read in my research prior to arriving in Miami that the nightlife here starts late. Being a seasoned vet in Vegas, I took the aforementioned statement with a grain of salt. We showed up early shortly after 11pm to a pretty empty club scene. But true to what others have stated, when the clock struck 1am, is when people started pouring in. In an hour's time time the place was totally packed. The club is pretty big with a VIP section up front, the dance floor in the middle and another raised VIP section directly behind the DJ booth. Drinks here are ridiculously expensive! More than even you would expect to pay at the top clubs in Vegas such as XS or Marquee. $23 for a freakin' hen and coke!? Needless to say, I spent most of the evening relatively sober. I made a mental note to make sure to heavily pregame in the future. Even though I was super wasted or even the slightest bit tipsy, I still had an enjoyable time here. The light show here is incredible! I was entertained alone by all the flashing and strobe lights. Music this particular night was just house, which isn't my favorite but can still manage to find enjoyable when I'm determined to have a good time. I would like to come here again on a hip hop night and try out their bottle service.
What is everybody's favorite word? FREE! This is probably why i rated this place so high. Not having to pay cover was great because after reading some reviews, the covers is alot!.  I got in free through a friend of a friend of a friend. Hook-ups... It's what it's all about. I got in through a promoter who favors medical professions students. Me and friends also got V.I.P access  and open bar. The layout of the place is rather spacious and they have different rooms. The only thing that irked me was the main dance floor which had  a vip cube in the middle. A rather weird place to put it!  The place  starts off slow and gets crowded fast on a saturday. And that's how i like it. Nothing is worse than an empty dance floor.  It is miami after all. Music is rather good, with alot of mixes of new and old. I've been to a couple of clubs in Chicago and comparably Mansion was good experience.
I didn't like it, they tried to charge me for a little plastic cup with water. when they finallly gave it to me, it had no ice and was luke warm. You're not allowed to sit in their sofas unless you buy an expensive bottle of alcohol. It was ridiculous and not worth the $20 for me.
I know they CALL it a mansion, but where did they put all the space? The elitist main area had the belly cut out of it for VIP, the rest of us plebs had to dance around the awkward space. That is, after we got past the lines and $20 door fee. My sister and I had 'Passes' from out hotel that turned out to be just free drink tickets that were invalid after 10pm! However...after that disappointment, we were determined to have fun, and hopped up on the VIP/Riffraff divider to dance. The music was great and we were up there for a solid 2 hours, dancing non-stop. I thought that Mansion was 'the place to go' club-wise, but I was wrong. It was very overrated, and not worth the money.
.... The concierge got us in for free ....
First SoBe clubbing experience. And it was almost exactly what I thought Miami Beach would be. Mobs trying to sweet-talk/name drop their way in, no-shit-takin' bouncers, gorgeous ditsy staff/servers (I'm not an expert on the matter but it really shouldn't take 30 minutes to swipe a credit card), overpriced everything, killer DJs, celebrities, tools and Eurotrash, beautiful people, ugly people with $$$$$, fun (and/or dirty) girls, d-bag guys, awesomely huge venue space, open until forever. Being an electronic music fan, I was glad to find a few other house heads there. Extra star for that. A friendly local said it best. If you can take it for what it is - and you have the money for it - you should experience Mansion.
I'm a fan this place has been around forever !!! its surprising since Miami is such a transit area I've been here for so many parties!! my 21st my 23rd bdays Halloween the place is packed with beautiful people men and women alike i always end up on the speakers next to the tables dancing the night away with tons of people you don't even know but by the end of the night your BFF's with the table service is good like any club i think you have to wait a few min for a drink they have good bar service different muzik in all rooms they have a few floors to party on and a stage for the guest dj's or who ever is throwing a party (slip n slide) records throw a bunch of them there def check out the headliners at there website to see what kinds of events are going onn if your not picky like my self and don't mind a crazy crowd, the last time i went i was partying with rick Ross and his click meaning an entire gangster party !!it was good clean fun though  Mansion is the SHIT..... and hats off to them for still lasting in SOBE!!!
Bring $$$. This place is bank! Cover was only $30 on a Friday night but with a single drink being $20, your tab runs up pretty quickly. It seemed like there was only one dance floor which is fairly large and surrounded by multiple bars. The DJ was spinning a good mix of hip hop. Overall my friends and I had a pretty good time there. And as a bonus, for the rest of the weekend we were able to equate everything we bought to the number of drinks at Mansion.
while this is a banging place, i too like some of the reviewers had my phone stolen from my crossbody bag that was on me.  i made sure and had my crossbody bag in front of me the entire time, and the 5 minutes i decide to push it to the back, my phone was stolen so please be careful!
I was talking to my 2 friends that went with me to Miami, and realized I need to review this place. It is hard to get in, grease the palms of the Big A$$ bouncer, you will know him when you see him! Or know a promoter, which I met at this other club... er place! lol Drinks and Atmosphere is amazing, gogo dancers are freaking hot and sexy!
So while in Miami, Of course I wanted to party. My hotel had VIP passes to get through the line, but still pay the regular priced cover. Now trust me when I say, I've been to Miami several times in the past and have frequented several different nightclubs.  This place was one of the nicer spots.  The problem with this place is the fact that everything is considerably OVERPRICED. Forget the cover charge...let's get to the meat and potatoes. The drinks are sky high! If you are paying with your card, you have to run a minimum of $50 tab. Well, a Heineken is $10 and a screwdriver is $16 (that wasn't even premium vodka).  Then when I finally closed out the tab, they went ahead and added the tip. Not cool.....at all. The best part of the night was when the "ballers" were throwing up money in the air. I must have picked up about $30 bucks off the floor. (Hey, it was either me or the clean up crew.)  Anyway, I had an alright time at best. Someone else might have thought it was amazing though. It takes a lot to amaze me when it comes to nightclubs and lounges...
My friend and I came here for our first official night out in Miami and we were totally disappointed.  First we had to pay $20 to get in after hearing a bartender at the hotel tell us we'd get in for free since we were women in sobe.  Well, that clearly never happened.  Every girl there was paying!   The interior of the club was nice and the music was wicked (we went on a Friday) but oh.em.gee it was a sausage fest.  Let me tell you, when the ratio is 4:1 guy to girl it is NOT FUN.  I had guys dancing up on me with blatant erections and near died.  Unfortunately, it was also filled with potential under-agers who kept getting bounced hardcore.   It reminded me of your run of the mill club and I think there is better out there, however; the music was really, really good so if you like hiphop, old school and some wayback playbacks check it out.  It was just filled to the brim with tourists so you don't feel like you're getting a Miami experience.
wednesdays + bottle service + hip hop & house music = good times
I'm surprised to see many low ratings for this place. I know that Mansion is one of those overrated clubs in South Beach, but when I went, I had the time of my life! We actually went on a Wednesday night, so they didn't open up the whole entire club. The guy at the door spotted me out from my group of friends and let me in for free. I felt bad that the other girls had to go to the other side and pay. That was a downer, but I ended up getting them a round of drinks and the bartenders were really nice. There's a whole lot of VIP areas and not much room to dance, which was the only sucky part. We could only do most of our dancing in our VIP sections. Then again, we did go on a Wednesday night so I'm not sure where the other dancing areas are on a Friday or Saturday night. I still had fun though. Nice diverse crowd and great music!
My girls and I were going to go to club SoBe but the line was crazy and we had females talkin ish as soon as we walked up. uggh so Mansion was around the corner and we decided to migrate, which was a GREAT idea! the wait in line wasnt too bad and it cost $20 to get in.  they played hip hop all night which was right up my alley (it was a thursday night).  The drinks were way overpriced though. $14 for a little cup so i stuck to shirley temples all night long (only $5)! haha. the VIP section started off as that but as the night went on, they were occasionally letting people get in it.  Probably bad for the ones who actually paid extra to get into it.  It got super crowded in there so after about 2am or so, i wouldnt even consider it VIP anymore.  They have stripper poles around the outskirts of VIP seating so club goers could play around.  But all i seen were nasty females wearing short dresses getting up there and letting dudes see their birth canal haha.  They had girls who worked there man their own poles but all they did was walk around them for 2 hours doing no types of tricks. i thought they definitely couldve stepped that up and at least climbed the pole and do a turn or somethin haha.
- Was $25 cover each - Interior decor is nothing impressive AT ALL.  The club itself looks like nothing - Drinks were EXPENSIVE - Mgmt kicked Dennis Ferrer offstage because he was only playing what he's supposed to play - techno music.   + South Beach staple. + Got in right ASAP at the door because we spoke French to the promoter. + Drinks were STRONG + Mix of people, some very beautiful, some totally windblown tourists + There were 5 different acts throughout the night, the best were the naked Cirque du Soleil type dancers.  Pretty much paid for the cover fee itself. + Music was great - techno all night + Dennis Ferrer! + First time staying at a club for 4 hours since college = WI
went a couple of weeks ago, saw birdman preform, ok i guess, Toooo much weed smoke lol but i enjoyed it.
If you're visiting from out of town and want to go to a typical miami club without doing research ahead of time, you'll probably end up at Mansion or Opium.  However, you should be going to Set, Prive, Mynt, Rokbar, etc. Usually a crowd, but gets going later, remember this is miami, where things barely open after 11 PM Hiphop main room, trance side room (not open), not the upscale lounge feel (which I prefer) 4-8 dancers on the bar countertops/poles -- pretty representative of a megaclub, but showing some age.  Main room with large VIP areas, otherwise gets a little crowded.  sticky floors. If you get the color paper wristband from off the street, all it gets you is a different line -- it's a scam too since you still get charged cover.  No wristband, line on the left; the gray wristband, line on the right.  if you're part of a private party, then you get the plastic wristband and get in sooner (open bar) -- this is the one to get, as you don't have to pay cover then passes used for the back entrance on the left away from the main best to go as a group with girls who will help get you in or with someone who knows a promotor
Went here on a Thursday night which apparantly acording to a club promoter who later told us that Thursday was "GHETTO NIGHT". And boy was he right. We got there around 11:45pm which I know is early for Miami, had no problem getting through the door, just me and my two girlfriends, once inside we were charged $25 a head and it was completely empty! The only other ppl in there were women, and they were rough looking. Definitely  not an upscale crowd, as advertised. Had one drink here and walked right out.  Which for a round of 3 vodka cranberries cost a total of $48! Yikes! Would not go back here, even if it were free.
I went here on super bowl weekend. This party was supposed to be hosted by Reggie Bush and he never showed up. There were tons of other celebrites there if you're into that sort of thing. This club will be perfect if you like to just go somewhere to be seen and rub elbows with folks who may or may not be of some importance. If you're like myself and love to dance and want people in the room to be dancing as well and have a good time, Mansion is not for you. People were just standing around trying to look important. At a $40 cover for ladies and $12 per drink I would expect a better vibe. The music was not that great at all. I think this club is one of those places you go to just to say you went there. Nothing more and I will not return here even if I got in free.
The club is fine. However, I was disappointed by the fact that they have women in the restrooms that waste excessive amounts of water and paper towels.  In this day and age it seems very antiquate and, frankly, just a bad business decision to have some woman hurting the environment and wasting so much. We need to protect the environment and I am disappointed that the management/owners do not think this is a priority.
Me: "Can I get 2 Absolute Redbull?" *thinking cheaper vodka won't hurt the wallet so bad. bartender: "it's 36 dollars hun" Me: *hearing 16 and thinking not too bad* hands a $20 bartender: *waiting Me: "I'm sorry..how much did you say?" bartender: "it's 36" Me: *almost choked when I heard that - hands her another $20. I bartended here in dallas for 4 years! I was okay with $20 martini's while in nyc. Oh yeah..drink was VERY weak too. i was sooo sober the rest of the night =( Went on a Friday night around midnight - lucky for us all 8 of us got in without a problem *tht's from knowing someone*  Scene was pretty slow....and didn't hang out long enough to see what kinda place this was.
How can you book a famous DJ, charge $30 at the door, and then decide that your own taste in music supersedes the 75-100 people who came and gave you money to see the DJ? Horrible management.
Mansion was all right. We were given free passes earlier that day by a promoter on the street and it advertised that ladies would get free drinks before midnight. And so we arrived at 11 pm and NO ONE that worked there knew anything about the "free drinks" promotion (or they kept pointing us in the wrong direction). 20-30 minutes later, we found the specific bar serving the free drinks. At least we didn't have to pay the $25 cover they were charging everyone. Also, being from CA I was uncomfortable at the fact that people can still smoke in clubs. Oh well..... Anyway, they play really good music there and the crowd was pretty cool. It's also really spacious.
the venue is beautiful, love the layout and the spacious dance floors.. the decor reminded me slightly of tao in vegas, only bigger and not on multiple floors. the scene here on a wednesday night is straight out of an episode of tool academy. this place is also a huge tourist attraction, filled with european men who speak little to no english (that could be a plus if that's your thing). drinks are way overpriced, $45 for a shot of grey goose, hennessey, and kamikaze. all the female bartenders were wearing cheesy devil horns, i guess i didn't get the memo that it was halloween in january. i'd come back for the venue but i would pass on the crowd and drinks. music was okay, standard hip hop and house
This place is quintessential South Beach. When your friends say they went clubbing in Miami they are talking about this spot. Are there long lines? Yea, probably. Are the bartenders busy getting drinks to a bunch of drunks? Yea, expect to wait a bit. Unless you are VIP and then you will be treated well. If they have a DJ or group performing you can buy tickets online and go. It will be packed, but the sound system here is top 10 in the country. I know I have lost hearing here on more than once occasion. What did you say? They have scantily clad women performing on chains in the air and they they move over to VIP and dance over yes I said over the VIP area in a red net. That is pretty cool and it is much cooler when you are a handfull of drinks in and think the women are flying because you do not notive the nets. Drinks cost money, not a little, but a lot. This is not a cheap place. But it sure as hell is a fun place.
Avoid at all costs! Overpriced and horrible management!
Friday night: While laying on South Beach, some guy handed my friends and I "VIP Entry" wristbands to Mansion, so we decided to check it out. We got there expecting reduced cover, but whyever would a Miami club do that? "VIP Entry" just meant we got to bypass the line, which WAS long at 11pm and filled with very tackily dressed females, so it was actually a pretty good perk. We paid $25 cover on a Friday for hip hop night. We walked in and were absolutely FLOORED. It's f'ing extravagantly beautiful and, as the name suggests, humongous. We were welcomed into the main room with bright lights, confetti, pole dancers, a huge crowd and an eargasmic sound system. Although it was hip hop night, the DJs mixed in quite a bit of house music which was amazing, since all of us were more into house than hip hop anyway. Drinks were expensive as balls. My friend bought a water bottle at the end of the night for 12 bloody dollars. Monday night: $20 cover, but this time they had a happy hour (an hour of free drinks) for ladies. We drank our hearts out, but the only rooms open were way too small for comfort (i.e. you couldn't escape creepy guys that hit on you), so we left. We got more than our money's worth in drinks though. All in all, this place is expensive and kind of douchey (they've kicked some legendary house DJs off the turntables because they weren't playing music that was mainstream enough), but I still think it's a must for tourists in SoBe on a weekend night... The main room provided an absolutely unreal and inimitable clubbing experience.
hahaha thinking about this place brings back so many hilarious memories. hilarious now, but maybe not so hilarious when it actually happened. this past summer I came with a group of gfs to miami and we were all soo excited to party it up outside of la. we were pretty clueless about where to go (too bad I wasn't on yelp back then) so we ended up at mansion a lot in the beginning of our trip. we were all pretty disappointed the times we were here. was this how miami nightlife was? SO WHACK! a few of my gripes: 1. WTF with the dj constantly honking some kind of loud truck horn? goddamn! we would all cover our ears and everyone around us was totally loving it. really? REALLY? 2. why were girls rolling up in lime green tube tops and jean shorts? here my friends are, all in cute little dresses...next in line to the jean shorts gang. I guess we missed the dress tacky memo. 3. scary people asking me to do drugs. ahh!!!! I've never even been asked this question in hollywood! leave me alone! oh and how about the man who asked me for a threesome? go away! 4. we were trapped in the vip area which was seriously lacking on the alcohol. we were promised free drinks and the sketchy promoter host guy did not deliver. 5. freaky beat girls got to dance on the poles occasionally. I will not go into the details of the horrendous things we had to witness. basically it was gross. please leave the dancing to the hot go go dancers. not gonna lie, it's hard to be miserable when everyone around you is partying like there's no tomorrow. I do have to admit that people in miami definitely know how to keep the party going. everyone was still going at 5 am! beats la's 1 AM last call that's for sure.
I went to there on Friday night.It $30 for Entrance.House and Techno music with DJ. The Club has Modern design and huge space.Separeted toilets men&women. There have support for wheel chair which are handrail and floor. There are amazing women performers with gland circle loop and nets.There were almost naked but I didn't think that was sex symbol that they were a pro dancers. Their performance are very beautiful. There were crowded people it was difficult to dance because of the friday night and luxe club. I stayed there about 3 hours.I disappointed with DJ who played same musics 3 times 4 times during 3 and half hours it bored and tired.They don't have plenty musics. I don't like women bartenders costume were reggae style that were mistake match with the Club concept and looks cheap. At the time,I saw very strange man who walked around the floor and looked at women's face liked lick all the time when people are dancing and having conversation he just round walked.When people started dance on the stage he started dance,too.He was weird. And Club staff men who clean up on the floor that also all the time it was really bother. That thing was good but NOT all the time please, it was already difficult had dance space. Their speakers need mechanic check that were too2 much strong sometimes.OMG! My brain and ears. I think DJ need more variety and plenty music.How come others don't tired with same music playing role?Can you keep exciting? If the same music weren't played again and again that it $30 for entrance is fine.In this case DJ was helped by dancers. I didn't pay for drink it seems expensive too but taste was OK. I leave spicy comment for the club.This is a nice club so I hope every body happy when we left and to remember the Mansion.
Been goin to the Mansion for years everytime Ive been to SOBE. This time was the last. Awful service, super expensive drinks, and watch out for the b!*ch in the bathroom! My wife said she almost jacked her camera on the counter. And another gurl almost had her clutch with passport stolen too.
I have in enjoyed myself each time coming to Mansion.  Good music, mixed crowd of 21-30ish people.  Very crowded so be prepared to bounce in one place. TIPS: BEST thing to do is get you tickets ahead of time, this keeps you from getting hit across the head with some astronomical price.  For example my first time going we brought our tickets online for 20...when we got in the club and met some people they paid 80 and 100 at the door(yikes).  Even if you have pre paid ticket you will have to get through the crowd, just find a bouncer and they will direct you where you need to go, and you can walk in like a celebrity at a fraction of the cost.  Also note with all the walking on the strip don't pack those fold up flip flops or ballerina shoes...they will make you leave them outside-so where comfortable shoes or be prepared to suffer.
Negative 100 stars gay ass doormen who would rather suck eachothers dicks than let u in the club! Neeeeeeeeeever again took my 1000 2 king of diamonds instead fuck mansion suck donkey balls!
Mansion on Mondays :) I always have a good time there!
I was pick-pocketed while at this establishment; the staff was very un-helpful and rude when I reported the incident.
Came back here after 4 years and nothing has changed. An overpriced, typical club with typical club music. The only reason for the 3 stars is because this past time we went (and the only reason we went) it was hip hop night! Yaaay! We got there around 11 and danced till our feet fell off - aka 4am - but being sober I noticed they repeated a few songs at least three times. C'mon DJ, you had to repeat not just one but a FEW songs? Anyway, 'typical' is the key word here.
Great club!! I had such great time there! Minus the fact that I was randomly sat at some dude's VIP table (I mean I got a free drink out of it, but who am I, an entertainer?? Don't think so). Music was phenomenal, I was dancing until I couldn't feel my feet. Drinks and admission are just outrageously expensive! And that comes from a New Yorker. A lot of times when you get food/drinks gratuity is already induced so watch out for that and don't be leaving extra money!
The last time I was actually here was probably in 2007, but I was going through someone else's reviews and it reminded me. I had a blast here and it was during Labor Day Weekend so it was massive. Not sure if I would have waited on that long line but luckily the Loews can call over and set up everything for you if need be. Upstairs was roped off but still damn near standing room only. It literally stayed moving until 4 when everything had to shut down. Great place to people watch but I'm not sure how good it is if you had to nickle and dime with individual drink prices.
If you're a club goer in a big city, there's probably a guy who says, "man I'm going to build the biggest effing club I possibly can, and a lot of people will come." In D.C., its called Ibiza, and in Miami its called Mansion. The only difference between the two is that Mansion has better looking girls who are picked out of a crowd. Some even are taxi'd in. Personally I didn't have a problem getting in. Probably waited 5 mins with my girl then was shuttled to an express line once the bouncer saw us. I sorta felt bad for the girls and other people waiting in line. My best advice is to dress in your best gear and wish for the best. I would say go with other ladies, but it doesn't really matter if they're not good looking. But let's debunk a couple of myths without me sounding foolish. Not everyone in the club is good looking. Heck some are even but ugly. But they happen to be with groups of people who look like they would spend a lot of money.  However, they got in, they did it, so big ups to them. Ironically for a hip hop club, this place had a lot of African Americans waiting outside. Come on Mansion give my people some more respect. So onto the show. 25 dollars to enter for each person. It was large and spacious, but really it had only one dance floor, so everyone is crammed into that one room, literally shoulder to shoulder. (Ibiza, you actually put one over on Mansion here). So the everyone is all on this floor, but not that many people are dancing. Most are just standing around in their own group. No one is mingling. Its like you have pretty decent looking people who are standing around, and raising their hand upon DJ requests. You have, people just doing them.Hot girls blowing off dudes. Dudes dancing by themselves, in groups by themselves..... to the same music you can find at any damn club.  This club may suffer from the "it was cool at one time or another, and started to attract and let in uncool people" disease.  Its been reduced to nice looking girls dancing by themselves, while dudes look at girls dancing on the pole. Don't let the pics with laser lights and strobes deceive you, the place looks more like a stand around concert than a club. The biggest problem I had with the place was the smoking. You may live in a city where smoking isn't allowed either by the club or the law, but here there's none of that. It makes the place stink. The only thing that helped it in this department is that the place was so big that the smell was dissipated. Eh, I give it a 3 out of 5 for simply being tolerable.
This club is great but you gotta pay if you want to play. Don't expect to pay under $20 to get in, and expect to pay $13 for a mixed drink. The staff here does things right, but you have to wait or pay to avoid lines. This is no different than any other major club in any major city in the world. You get some awesome international DJ acts here. If you want to get a table for the night, you need to spend $400 minimum. If you have a group of people it's worth doing this. If you want to club in miami beach, this is your best bet. They have multiple rooms, with different music. The place is very nice overall, and has a great soundsystem. I had no issues with bar service, but of course the bars can be busy, but with so many bars just go elsewhere in the menue.
Me and my girlfriend visited the mansion club on a thursday. We arrived at about 12.30 am - there was not really a long line and we got in quite quickly. The dresscode was not strict, i saw a few people with pullovers and caps..most guys did wear sneakers. The cover was 30$.. a little bit too expensive but ok. When we went in, we recognized, that it was already crowded..but most people were standing around, hardly anyone was dancing. The music was, for my experience, pretty lame. It was very loud and the dj played like the same beat without melody the whole time. I don't know, if this is normal in miami because i'm from austria and there they play mostly charts in clubs. anyway, i think this club looks great and with the right music it would be awesome.
Still setting the standard of South Beach nightlife. Whenever you visit Mia to party, you MUST spend a night at the mansion. Awesome sounds, good dj's and (most importantly) a gaggle of hot women every time I have been there. I am especially a fan of Latina American studies :) and Mansion gets some of the most beautiful Latinas in south Florida!! The VIP area is where the party is in this place. You get a little more space to move and its usually filled with cool people. GUYS..take a tip, get a bottle!!! The only bad thing about this place is that the Friday or Saturday line can be long. Its a great thing to walk past all those people in line and walk right in to meet your date, a bottle of Stoli Elit.
Atmosphere is amazing and the music accommodates any taste.  Yes the drinks are expensive but it's Miami they are expensive everywhere.  Friday nights are the best nights in the main room because they have an eclectic mix of house, hip hop and alternative.  Saturdays are cool main room is heavy techno and house while the other room is hip hop.  Of all cubs in Miami this is the best that I have been to and I go twice a year.
Went here after hearing about this place from a Lil Wayne song and with a rec. from the concierge from our hotel. Pros - Great music (Funk Master Flex spinnin' that night!) - Beautiful women - Tasty Alcohol - Great table service - Open til 5 am...like everything else! Cons - Expensive, Table service ran $475 for a bottle of Ciroc and a few mixers - Table was tiny and jammed with 2 other groups next to us - Too much smoke up in the joint... - Got way too packed to even move around All in all...awesome place...great venue...but my heart is with S.E.T....time to go check out some more avatar people (if you've been there, you know what I'm referring to!).  Would only go back there if the wait wasn't so long to get in.
During my trips to Miami, I frequently stopped by Mansion to enjoy their music and dance. However, on my last visit to Mansion last weekend, I had a different and disappointing experience and will never go back there. I went there with my girlfriends and opened up a bar tab, which involved giving the bartender my ID and credit card. When I went to close it, the bartender handed me someone else's ID and CC. Apparently, he mixed me with someone else up and gave my ID and CC to another customer who took it and left the club. I then demanded to speak with the general manager, who was extremely rude and unapologetic. I had to then go file a police report at the police station across the street, and they said that this kind of situation happens all the time at Mansion. Thankfully, everything ended well the next day when the girl who took my ID found me on Facebook and contacted me the next day, giving me my documents back. I do not advise anyone to go to this club because the staff is incompetent and very rude, however, if you do go, PAY WITH CASH ONLY!!!!!
Much better on Saturdays, in my opinion, than Fridays.  Fridays just get a little too crowded and the hip-hop they usually play then is more mainstream.   Get in the more loungey hip-hop room in the back to hear the more classic 90's hip-hop on Saturdays, for those of you who can't listen to Lil Jon, Lil Wayne and any other "Lil" whack MF out.  Bottles are your usual in Miami, so don't expect to walk out without dropping a G with a small group for your own private space.  It's always crowded in the bar and dance floor areas, so if you want to enjoy yourself, might as well shell out.  You're in Miami after all...  B!!!TCH!  ;-)
I've gone once Labor Day weekend 2011 and returned Labor Day weekend 2012. They've definitely changed some things around, and for the better! We went on a "regular" night and then to see Avicii... both times we had a great time. The drinks are super pricey so make sure you get your pre-game on. The atmosphere is dull honestly before 1am...but I expected that seeing that the club stays open so late. Both nights we went this year they played EDM which was loads better than in 2011 where they played hip hop with no variety. I'm not sure who took over, but they did a great job. I do enjoy hip hop but Mansion does not do it well. I recall hearing Drake/Lil Wayne about 10 times and I was pretty drunk. Gotta be bad if a drunk person can remember that, ha! Overall, Mansion is pretty fun and a scale down from places such as Liv if you want a good night out. I would suggest either going in an all girl group or making sure you have a good number of girls in your group. If you're going with guys, it's probably best to plan for bottle service.
So one of my favorite artists is playing at Mansion this weekend, and I briefly considered jumping on the opportunity, then came to Yelp to see if it was worth it. DOH! I guess things haven't changed. My official last visit to a South Beach club, at least 2 years ago, was Mansion. I avoided the place based on hectic stories from friends, but when I won some tickets to see a good artist there I figured it was worth a shot. WHAT A MISTAKE. Even with tickets, and even after calling my conact at the club (who was unable to come outside and help), the only way my date and I were getting in was by bribing a bouncer, so we went off in search of a better run establishment. The official apology from the organization that held the contest I won was nice, as was the (cough* empty* cough*) promise by the club to accomodate me if I came back, but I would have much rather enjoyed the prize.
again.. I can't give clubs in Miami more than 2-3 stars cuz music is WHACKKKK! why do you like house music.. tellll me!!! so apparently when we went there was some famous dj there but like I care.. he just plays house. but as a result it was SUPER crowded. We had a table in the VIP area so it wasn't as crowded but honestly getting to the bathroom was seriously a trek so much so that after I went once I decided not to go again till we had to leave. So there a bunch of promoters in Miami and honestly the whole thing is a bit shady. but we didnt know any better so we used them. Its a toss up girls so let me explain to those who aren't used to their weird promotion style and you can decide to do it or not: so they will pick you up in a limo..but its not all that great so dont expect much.. but its a free cab ride right? then they take you to a hotel or restaurant but the one we went to we were the only ones there and it looked really shady ( if you meet a black promoter named Michael DONT GO WITH HIM.. he's shady and weird) anyway I was seriously paranoid cuz we were the only ones there so I didnt drink anything just in case they put something in the drink and we'd be taken like the movie w liam nieson. anyway I guess it was legit ..its probably cuz michael is such a jerk that we were the only dumb ones to go with him but to us it was the cheaper option. Cuz of the "famous dj" girls werent allowed free but the other guy was charging alot more so we just went w him even though we shouldnt have. anyyyway so then we got to teh club( which I google mapped just in case they were going to kidnap us.. lol i sound crazy but it was really shadyyy!) and finally got inside to the table. we thought ok cool and I felt comfortable to drink.. but this is where it gets really annoying they promised us that there is only 8-12 to a table. LIE! they cram the table/stage w a bunch of people so if you move then you will likely lose your seat! plus they only serve the worst of the worst SH** vokda and even that they are stingy with bringing out abottle per like hr. Anyway I had a horrible time, and the music was SO loud! wtf. I literally ripped up paper and rolled it up to put it in my ears .. yes Im a grandma but the music is really annoyingly loud. all in all we really didnt have to pay much and justified it saying even if we got in free which we would have being all girls, when we got in to pay for one drink would be 20 bucks so in that sense it was still worht it. Also we still got to sit down which for me is priceless!! But yes this is just another story how miami sucks. Dont let any of your gfs who are thinking about doing a bachorlette party there do it. vegas whether its played out or not is SOOO much better.
The 6 hour set that David Guetta put on during WMC weekend will go down as one of the most epic nights. The man spun from 1 A.M. to 7 A.M. non-stop and managed to bring on the Black Eyed Peas and Kelly Rowland during the evening. There are a lot of negative/lukewarm reviews and they mostly seem to be from locals - which I can understand. But if you are a tourist looking for a place where it is guaranteed to be packed with people having fun - Mansion is the place to be. Sure the $3000 table minimum (during WMC weekend) was excessive  but there were many other ways to get in. Mansion does not seem to get really going until 1 A.M. - but the place is huge and when people do start to fill in, it is packed to the gills with the happiest dancing people on earth. The crowd is definitely the "it" set with the most beautiful women I have seen outside of NYC. Most of the people could have easily passed as models and actors/actresses.   The sound system is extremely loud (so loud that the next day I was yelling at the airline counter lady without even knowing it since my ears were still ringing). +1 for having awesome hosts and hostesses +1 for the VIP area being right in front of the stage P.S. I love Miami and its drink until the sun comes up attitude.
Mansion is a typcial, huge warehouse looking club.  Nothing about this place in unique, exclusive or exciting.  It's not bad - it's just not that great.  The cover was pretty steep for a Wednesday night - something like $25 a dude?  I went with a co-worker, and of course she got in free.  I always expect to spend more when I'm going to a club, like $8 beers and such, but sometimes when you pay those prices you expect a little bit more.  Like good drink selection; a well-dressed crowd (nope, not here); private seating areas for bottle service; etc.  This place didn't have any of the things that would warrant a stiff coverage charge and high prices.  I wouldn't go back, but then again, I did have fun that night even if I can't remember every last bit of the evening!  I *might* be tempted to go here again ---but only if I happened to be at Automatic Slims across the street, and I was drunk enough to think going to an over-rated club was a good idea!
This place isn't that hype as people are saying but they got good performers. So you'll want to go for the performers. I went for the Kreayshawn's performance for a friend's birthday gift. I was piss that I could get closer to the stage because VIP is lame. I don't know if it's normal for a performer to play two songs and going on lame. But that's what happened. Maybe it was the artist. Drinks are way overpriced. I suggest you and your friends pregame before going because you don't want to spend $15 per shot of Patron. The overall experience was good. I'd come back for another concert.
if you are a tourist, i recommend this place.   expensive cover indeed.  but you are paying for the interior decor & cute looking clubbers inside.  :)
Mansion may be more for the "hardcore" partier. We decided to go one night because our friend was dating a promoter (men still had to pay $50 each, even with the help of the promoter. At least the women got in for free.) We waited about twenty minutes to get in, and then we were hit with the wall of smoke and people. The club was so crowded at 1 AM that we could barely get through the door. We shoved our way to the bar, ordered some shots, and ended up staying next to the bar the whole night. The music was good, a mix of techno and hip-hop. The bartenders kept us entertained and we got some free shots. One of the girls we were with had her cell phone stolen while pushing through the crowd, but one of the bouncers did try to help us look on the floor for it. Overall, I found it really expensive to be smushed into a club that is too crowded to really have a good time.
This club is AMAZING! by far the most entertainment you can get at a night club. Having some money to spend is a must. I would never go in there to be cheap! The servers and Bartenders and good looking and were consistent on great service. Some of the bouncers were a little rude but I guess thats normal for some clubs that are full of drunks. It gets pretty crowded so I would rather go if I was in the VIP table section.
I think Miami works just like LA when it comes to the club scene. For a group of girls, know who is promoting, and get in free. Out of towners - pay up! So I kept on hearing that Miami only allows beautiful people inside their clubs, that it was hard to cross that velvet rope. So my 2 girlfriends and I were a little scared by all the warnings we heard. Turns out, the rope is not as tight as we were lead to believe. In line (and eventually I saw inside) were heavier set ladies in their late 40s. So ladies from LA, just dress like you would normally for Hollywood. I must say, the one that that I loved about Mansion was the ample seating they provided and all the bar space. Thanks for letting us have a place to sit and off those killer heels! Thanks for the fast bar service and drinks! Oh yea, and they still allow smoking inside the club? What's up with that?
Everybody knows about the clubs in south beach, so of course we checked it out while we were in Miami!  We decided on Mansion because we asked the valet at our hotel and he hooked us up with free passes.  At least, we thought they were free passes.  Ended up they gave us VIP admission (which was nice we didn't have to wait in line) and a free drink each.  Well, I wish it was free admission since it was $25 per person, very pricey comparing to Chicago clubs.  But that's really where the comparisons stop.  This place was ginormous (you know, gigantically enormous).  It doesn't open until 11 pm but is open into the wee hours.  The music was good, they had attractive bartenders and the drinks didn't take too long to get.  It got packed around 1 am and shortly thereafter they had gorgeous gogo dancers everywhere.  You're going to drop a pretty penny here though, as we found that drinks are way, way, way (did I mention way?) overpriced.  But I must say that south beach clubs lived up to the hype and we all had a good time here.
This is a great spot and all, but many more cons than pros!!! People were let in before general crowd only because they knew the bouncers, drinks are way to over priced, I understand if there was no charge to get in but for 30 bucks to get inside 2 drinks should be on the house. Even the most popular Vegas club doesn't charge as much as these people do.
loveeeee mansion! good effin times! i love the big chair too hahah very miami chic.. good music.. different diverse crowd.. good times
BUYAKASHA!! In my opinion the best sound system in Miami! The bass is so heavy the floors creak in the lounge while your walking into the main room. The upstairs has cool beds you can lounge/make out on. if you're really lucky you can go up-up stairs to the cushiony Ultra VIP...
We went here the other night and paid for bottle service. That gave us a table and a couch to ourselves that supposedly no one else could use. The VIP area was not set up well, which was troubling. At most high end clubs, these "VIP" tables are roped off or positioned someplace remote or high up so others cant touch your stuff.  I had people reaching for napkins, placing dirty cups on our table and 2 people asked if I had a light. I had girls come up and just randomly start talking to me and suggest I give them a free drink. It was all very annoying. The whole point of bottle service is to feel like you don't have to worry that you're getting approached and peddled by every Tom, Dick, and Harry. The night we went was house music and it was okay. The mixing was good. I understand from people in the area that this is one of the hottest clubs in town. The venue is interesting, the go-go dancers are fun to watch, and the "effects (confetti, etc)" are neat. I think they could do better. Better people control, better maintained VIP area and better bathroom availability would go a long way.
Went on a Monday (7/9) and the music went back and forth between current hip hop and RnB and techno. Pretty good DJ if only he didn't fricken make you rep your city every 5 minutes.  Ok on to the bad. Took 30 min to get in WITH a promoter. Really!? Come on people...really!? But at least it was free. Got in and there were some slores (slut whores), wanna be rappers, and maybe F list celebs there. Then... $16 for a watered down Ciroc and pineapple!? wtf!? Who the hell does that!? Only saving grace was the fact that Lil Wayne was there that night and he walked right past me and gave me a head nod. THAT alone gave this place 2 stars since he's my fav rapper ever.
very nice club, very busy during the weekends. prices for drinks were a little expensive but the overall environment is very nice. bottle service is the way to go. sound systems are decent and definately better than a lot of clubs in san francisco. mixed crowds with all kinds of people. funkmaster flex (new york!) was guest spinning that night also! lots of celebrity guests at mansion. thumbs up!
Best Night to go are Thursday's! The place is JUST as popping as the weekend, but you ACTUALLY have room to dance AND because it's a "slow" night they don't regulate on table/bottle service. It was our first night in Miami and we were able to party it up right! Thanks Mansion!!
i hate mega clubs but this place was great. make sure to get set up with a table in the vip section to avoid the trashy tourists and all. long line but basically no wait for us because the bouncers pick people out of the line if you dress right etc. i.e. look the part to skip the line. once inside i had as much veuve clicquot as my little heart desired. you are allowed to smoke cigarettes inside. along with some questionable stuff i saw at some of the other tables. that's miami for you.
Mansion on a Friday night, hip-hop night.  What a disappointment!  The venue is definitely beautiful; they opened up the huge room with a huge vip section.  The hip hop/pop they played was 90s music, with some early 00s.  How unfun the music was.  Us bachelorettes got in easily of course, but still had to pay $20 cover each!  Something about the crowd even lessened the vibe.  Seemed like they werent there to have fun...difficult to put into words..... A tip for large group of girls, go straight to the VIP section and dance in there!..more room, view of the DJ, hot go-go girls!  Even with that we had to leave before 2am, could not stay there any longer.   Who would ever come back to this place?? We would!!! We made a new promoter best friend in South Beach who got us in free on a Sunday night, which was supposed to be for Locals.  Decided to give it a second chance after a great time a Prive the night prior.  The smaller room was open with VIP section/stripper pole in the middle...Crowd was a little better... Still a great looking venue.  The music was HARD CORE hip hop.. Can we get some top 40 /mainstream around here?! Overall, this place has so much potential! Too bad for the poor music, sucky friday crowd.  No match for Vegas clubs, but still a must go if you haven't been.
went here again recently. my impressions: I would say 60% of the people were meh (this is average for any club though). The girls that are decent shelter themselves in groups (which makes sense), so basically if you want to have any fun with decent girls, you need to invite the whole group of girls back to VIP (not sure what you do if you dont have bottles). As a guy, I can say..80% of the guys were very lame.  Lame as in show-offs, rude, etc.   As a general rule, if you want to meet more of the laid back, nice, chill people who don't normally go clubbing, go to the wall flowers and gamble a little. You generally find that most of them are pretty cool and just have no where to go in the club so they just stand by a wall so they dont get trampled down (makes sense). looking at the comments here, I think people either are confused or have irrational expectations about Miami Beach clubbing. 1) Unless you are a celebrity or ultra-rich, you should never plan your Miami Beach night in stone, which means, some nights you will be able to get into a particular club, other nights you wont, even if you planned on paying for bottle service.  Take it for what it is.  There are plenty of places and you should always have 2-3 options in case one club is packed or hard to get into.  Also, even your favorite club will suck sometimes just due to the mix of people. Think about it, all you really need is maybe 10-15 cool people that you meet throughout the night to make it seem like a fun place.  If those people aren't there, you will think the club sucks all the time. 2) Clubs before 12:30am are dead in Miami beach. Its that simple.  Dont think you will go at 11pm to beat the lines. 3) Friday and Saturday nights are the best nights followed by Thursdays. Seriously, who goes clubbing on a Sunday night? 4) Know what time of year you are going to Miami Beach.  The clubs are much easier getting into and cheaper June - September than Jan - May.  Plan accordingly. i think if you realize at least those 4 points, you are much more likely to have a decent experience.
Last time I came here was June of 2010.  I give this place three stars but this comes from someone who grew up in Miami (which has some of the best nightlife in the country or maybe even the world) so my standards may be a little different than someone who comes from a place like hmmmm... let's say Washington, DC. I came here when they had a big name DJ so the door was extremely hard, but somehow we managed to get in.  The place still looks great, the light effects were great, the dancers were great, the music was awesome, and the service was what you would expect from a nice Miami club (if you come from out of town, you will probably think these people have an attitude).  But the reason why I give this place only three stars is the crowd.  And for me, the crowd is the main thing that attracts me to a dance club.  It wasn't ghetto, but it wasn't up to par with the crowd you see in some of the more happening clubs in Miami. I don't come to these places to hook up with the hottest girls (since I'm married), but in my opinion, going to a place with a nice, slightly mature, and very good looking crowd makes for a better experience.   Now again, like I said before, if you're someone who comes from a place other than NYC, LA, or Las Vegas, you will probably be in awe by this place and the people.
A horrible time!! Rude people. Overrated. Overpriced. Do Not waste your time at this dump!!!
Crazy crowd: Check Expensive and small drinks: Check Dancers on stage: Check Rude Bouncers: Check (didn't honor the reservation) Get overcharged by the bartender: Check (Refund? what refund??) Something Different: 2 separate dance floors (one for house/trance and the other for hip hop) Came here as tourists. Some people recommended this nightclub. Would probably check out some other club next time.
very nice decor. huge place. good mainstream hip-hop. expensive drinks (around $12 for vodka cranberry). crowd is ok. pretty good for a mega club.
Went on Monday night for Hip Hop night. Really good variety of music including new isht not heard on the radio, great stage acts and polite door men, bouncers and bar tenders. Dress code is fly. Girls can do dresses or jeans and a tank and be dressed appropriately - I wore my skinny jeans a tank and big blingy hoops and got in, tho I did get the side eye for my sparkly flat sandles (I'm 6 feet- no heels in the club for me thanks). Guys can do nice kicks and a t as long as its really nice (ie Kanye nice not hood nice). No sleeveless or hats. 30 cover for girls at 1am though u can buy tickets online till 9pm. Reco this since it will let u bypass the line. Expect to pay 15 to 20 for a drink, with a 40 credit card min. Drinks were decent but not great. I'd reco getting your buzz on at home unless yer pockets are deep. .Also note they have a pretty big, well enforced VIP section. Dance floor for the little people is sizeble as well. Good crowd, somewhat mixed and definitely about having a good time. No fights and not too many just standing around In sum highly highly recommend. Good times all around.
horrible atmosphere, bouncers are extremely rude. Music was not good , overall horrible experience and would not recommend to anyone .
I had a great time at this place, but I could definitely tell being there, that this place was kinda hit-or-miss and me and my crew just happened to get there on a good night. We got there round 10pm on a Thursday, after a good hour's worth of pre-gaming at our hotel on Collins Ave, and the line was pretty much like 50 people deep, and the bouncers were even giving girls in a groups a hard time getting in. Luckily, we told them we were getting got bottle service that night, so we got to skip the line and they let us right in without any problems. The waitress and servers in the VIP area were awesome!! Super-friendly and they definitely took care of us all night. One of the bouncers was real cool and kept sending groups of girls our way and introducing us, which I thought was an awesome touch and definitely showed he wanted to give us a good time.  The only real negative about the VIP area is that it is pretty much in the center of the club, right before the dancefloor  so people can pretty much walk right through it and there really isn't that much privacy. Overall it's a good spot, that'd I recommend to anyone headed down to South beach!
I can't believe people are giving Mansion such low ratings because it's expensive! Hello it's MIA everything is expensive. My girlfriend and I meet tons of promoters on the beach and out walking around and if you meet the right people you can get in for free easily. One of the promoters put us at his VIP table and we had a great time! The music was awesome they played everything from lady gaga to lil Wayne and even Nirvana! The crowd was great there too, everyone just wanted to party. If you want to party in Miami make sure you go to Mansion, if you can get over the prices you will have an amazing time!
Terrible experience!! The staff is RUDE the cost is wayyyyy too expensive and drinks are ridiculous. Never ever going back.
Great club if you like being being beaten senseless by a bunch of cowards.
The fall of western civilization will start here and they'll still charge cover. The atypical douchey club Miami is infamous for. Mansion is the epitome of everything wrong and lost about dance/club culture. Instead of focusing on the music, they emphasize bottle service and push a very chic/bougie agenda, when really it's completely tasteless/trite/classless. If you actually like music and can live without your phone for a night, avoid this place at all costs. But if you're gonna come here dressed to kill, won't dance, and stay glued on your phone, then congratulations this is where you belong.
This place is overrated! We were told to come here on a friday night. We got there and had to wait in line forever! Just to pay a 60 dollar cover wth. it was only b/c rick ross was in the building. Well...we get in and just walking around n i notice that it was full of black people...not to offend anybody but i just felt out of place. We see a guy standing there rolling up a blunt and smoking pot in there! Also the drinks must be made of gold! 9 dollar beers and 50 dollar min on a credit card. Im from NC and i never heard of a min on a card at a bar! 20 dollar mix drinks. We were waiting all night for rick ross to come out and do a live performance. by 3am he didnt do anything so we left. I don't see how you can vibe when getting in is such a hasstle. by that time you are not in the mood! Unless you are a ''big baller'' dont come here. Not for the average person! In my opinion. Also i dont get what the big deal is with table service. I go to a club to dance with girls...not to sit down and sip on overprice champagne! Just my 2 cents hope you enjoy!
As we pulled up to the Mansion, we saw Brooke Hogan leave with her rapper boyfriend, Stack$. We arrived around 2am and were told that the guest list was closed.  Since we hadn't paid a cover at Louis or SET, we decided that a $20 for three clubs wasn't too bad. I was somewhat confused when I first got there because it seemed really small.  There's a front room and bar, and these different entryways leading to other rooms.   If you go to the left, on a Saturday night, there is house music blaring from this huge room that looks like an outdoor patio, but it has a roof.  Go-go dancers are surrounding the tables in the center and there are two bars on either side of the room. To the right is an archway that leads to another room playing hip hop music.  This is where we ended up for the most part of the night.  It was extremely crowded and hot, but when the LMFAO song came on "I'm in Miami B*tch", everyone went CRAZY!   The Mansion lives up to its name, as it's one of the largest clubs I've ever been to.  There definitely is nothing like the Mansion in Los Angeles/Hollywood. If you're going on a Sunday night, the hip hop room is closed off and only the front room and large covered patio is open.  Music tends to be a mixture of top 40's, reggaeton, and house.  People didn't dance as much on Sunday as they did on Saturday.  Most stand around the dance floor area staring at you as they sip their overpriced drinks. We had a blast both nights.  If you want to get an idea of what South Beach partying is like, definitely make a stop at the Mansion.
Drinks are overpriced and the djs don't know how to mix! The bathrooms are disgusting and the waitresses are so rude. And if if isn't bad enough the manager likes to try to pick up anything with a vagina!
Went on a Friday night and the place was packed. We bought pre-sale tickets that were $45, the line took about 25 minutes but went by fast. Once inside, they had great lights and sound system. We saw Knife Party, who did not disappoint and put on a great show. The girls bathroom line was long due to 3 stalls, expected, but still unfortunate. The bar itself was big and easy to access, we didn't have to wait to be served and there was always a bartender ready to take our order. The biggest downfall: Smoking indoors. Coming from CA this is not something we frequent, I'm personally not a fan of leaving the club reeking of cigarette smoke, but whatever, it was still a great time! By far my favorite club in Miami.
Great time! Not sure what everyone on here is talking about regarding bouncers and bartenders being jerks, it's like every other big club you've ever been to... overall everyone is cool.  Just saw Avicii there last night.  BEST part about this club in my opinion is that the the DJ is basically ON the dance floor.  It really makes is a interactive experience.  Drinks are pricey - true - but welcome to club scene...  I would definitely recommend seeing your favorite DJ here!
When I first moved here, this nightclub came highly recommended by locals and some friends who vacationed here.  After going to this place a few times, I really can't understand why.  Drinks are crazy expensive with a $50 minimum tab, they also seem to use the smallest plastic cups they can find.  Most places that support the whole idea of designated drivers/people not getting killed usually don't charge for water/sodas.  This place charged me a ridiculous $8 for a miniature cup of soda.  By far, the most expensive soda EVER.   Music selection isn't bad, but the whole humping bunnies thing (which you'll understand when you get in) is really out there, even for me.  Don't understand how that fits in with the ambiance of the place.  Not liking the crowd here either.  I've tried Mansion on different nights and it's all the same.  With all the nightclubs available in the area, I have to say that Mansion kind of sits at the bottom of my list.
this is the worst club i have ever been to! four  of us went and spent $1100 for vip and basically had no vip! they cramed so many people in the club and were letting girls in the vip for free after telling us it was a 3 bottle minimum! and to top it off every time we left vip we had to basically fight w the security  to get back in! they gave the guys w us a hard time meanwhile they paid for the table! this club may be pretty inside but they definently dont run things right! i will continue to spread the word of my horrible experience at this venue. if u want to go to a real miami nightclub hit club space! excellent service and the best time ever!
Music: 5 star, HOT describes the hip hop room and by that, I mean hip hop music and the room itself. Not too many good looking people in that room...tonnes of sweaty people in there for sure! The HOT people were on the House floor...which made me decide to go learn how to dance/gyrate to House music! Service: 2 star We paid $30 a person to go in..to wait in line for the lobby area to clear?!?!?! And the lobby area wasn't even full!!!!! The "security" guy said he had to wait for the fire marshall to give the all clear, and the whole time people were walking out of the lobby area. At one time, everyone just decided to gate crash. Screw the guy! Prices: 2 star $30 for girls at 2am on a Sat night, $12 drinks at a bar and $9 drinks at another...no consistency! And $7 for a bottle of water...and they add the tip on the receipt too! #@$#%$#%?!?!?!?!?! If not for my out-of-town friends and its infamous reputation, I wouldn't have come here! Tip-bits: Go..if you really must...if you are from out of town. Hot house guys Good hip hop music
It was our first time in Miami. Came to see Morgan Page spin last Saturday. Some white guy with long hair at the door said minimum 2k bottle service for 9 people after he said one of the guys couldn't get in with a polo shirt.  We met a guy the previous night who said he would get us in for 1k. Fortunately, we found him again and he kept his word except the 1k didn't include tax or tip. We also gave him $50 for hooking it up. Got inside around 1am, the place was SUPER packed and the vibe was good. Our server Tina Prentice was super nice and kept our table clean and our ice bucket and chasers full. Awesome experience bc we got to hear MP spin for 3 hrs for a total of $1360. Their bottles aren't the 750ml but are 1L so it was worth it for the price we paid since cover would have been $40/person anyway (even for girls).  Would definitely recommend to my friends but make sure to dress properly. Some of the bouncers are picky about that.
If you have to wait in line, sucks to be you, because you are never getting in. Luckily I was with people who knew people, but when we went inside, the place was nothing special. Different rooms with various types of music, I wasn't into any part of it at all. Complete with hip hop, house and trance, not my kind of scene. I don't like douche bags that try too hard to hit on girls. Its really lame. Drinks are overpriced, but I never pay for those anyways. People that work there are really snobby about nothing. LOL I won't be returning here again.
why would any woman EVER go to this club that is clearly designed to exploit women and ONLY attract sleazeball guys. you ONLY have female dancers doing shows for the men??? what about the ladies??!! you clearly are only interested in attracting low-class pervs into your club. no self-respecting woman would subject herself to this sexist club! women, stay away! you will only see slimeball pervy guys there who are watching the strip show. if i wanted to see a strip routine i'd go to a strip club. but i'm not a raunchy disgusting man.
This place looks great inside, with very cool decor, especially in the main room.  However, they were playing all house/techno in the main room, so the entire club seemed to try to pack into the small front room where they were playing fun/popular music, so you couldn't move at all. Drink prices are atrocious, as is the fact that there's a $50 credit card minimum AND they add a huge gratuity to your bill - we ordered 4 drinks and they added a $10 tip for the 30 seconds it took to make our drinks.  Not cool.  Music was OK, got better around 1:00 AM.
I am torn between a 2 and 3 star rating on this one. Although the actual club is neat- loud music, good drinks (spendy and small), lots of people which makes for a very entertaining evening. My gripe you ask? Well, let me tell you about it. We, my boyfriend and I, waited in line like all other good citizens. By the time we got to the door the security guy nudged us aside and let a group of girls in w/out checking ID or charging them the $20 cover. We shrugged it off and just thought, ok, whatever. Then when the bouncer motioned that it was our turn I showed my ID and asked why the girls got in free- his response was, "Its ladies night- ladies are free". So, I got excited and thought, oh good- this won't cost as much as we thought. Come to find out it was "selective" ladies night because they charged me and my boyfriend to get in to the club. We felt very unwelcome.
I love Mansion! I don't understand why others' reviews are so poor. My last time in Miami, I knew I had to go back to Mansion because I remembered having so much fun there during my first visit years ago. PROS: Good place for celebrity spotting if you like that, great music (house and hip-hop), awesome layout, hot female bartenders who are extremely fun -- one of them pulled me up on the bar last time and poured me free shots. Bouncers are nice too =)  if you are a group of girls, try to walk up to the door and take your chances of asking to get ahead of the line -- has never failed for my girlfriends and me. CONS: Drinks are pricey, but that's what you get at places such as Miami, NYC, and Vegas. Keep in mind that they add gratuity already on the tab, but still has a section to add tip, so unless you had an exceptional experience while ordering your drink or you just loved your bartender, remember you don't have to add on. Also, you can probably run into grease balls at this place, but they actually serve as a very great entertaining session of people watching. FINAL ANSWER: Everybody that visits Miami should visit Mansion if they want to party in a club environment!
I was in Miami last week on vacation with my girlfriend. We decided to check out Mansion through a cool promoter working at the hotel we stayed to see what all the buzz was about and we were totally blown away by the place. First of all this place is enormous! We weren't expecting Mansion to be crunched and crowded (since it was a Thursday Night). Even though there were tons of people, we still had plenty of room to dance and move around. Going to Mansion was one of my favorite parts about my vacation, next time we are in Miami we will definitely make it a point to go again. I recommend going to Mansion through an offer with a promoter than go there and wait on line to get in. I only spent $30 and $20 (tip the waitress) for VIP and bottle service!
Club was okay, nothing great but not bad either. Came here on spring break/umf/wmc week, didn't have to pay cover, relaxed dress code (my group dressed up anyway) , and already a grand slam in my book. I HATE HOUSE MUSIC! So I was more than jubilant to hear hip hop and r&b upon arriving. However, drinks were pricey as hell and house music eventually mixed its way into the club music. The club also got extremely crowded later on yet they did not open up the upstairs area which totally baffles me. The main lobby area and dance floor were too crowded  for the weird layout, possibly because a lot of people had bottle service which cramped the dance floor space a bit. Overall an average club, would be willing to check it out again but wouldn't be disappointed if I skipped it either.
OH wow, love being ushered to the owner's table for a Grey Goose filled Morgan Page night. Small for what it is, I think, but size really doesn't matter. The motion in the club was HOT and the sound system had me deafened for two days. Maybe that's a down-side? I watched two guys get charged $100 each despite being on some "list." So again, its Miami, ladies, not Vegas. Stay sexy, stay hot, and no broke guys. Had a killer time dancing my happy ass off here. It is LOUD inside and probably not good for meeting people, we got bottle service and it was like pulling teeth to get replacement mixers. The bouncers were helpful as I meandered and teeter tottered out of the club, thanks guys, you're my heroes. Loved the Vegas style cirquesque dancers costumed and high above the crowd performing acrobatics, very moulin rouge. I'll go back....but it's not my first pick in MIA.
Great DJ, but over 60 minutes to get a drink in the VIP area, not cool.
Writing this after an astonishing Deadmau5 show - awesome. The place is totally renewed and rocks in terms of layout. The show was great with an opening of Steve Duda that rocked very nice set and mix. I just cannot believe this is the same place as my previous review. I cannot say about future events but this one was very very good - i'm a fan of deadmau5. Anyway, the line still sucks on waiting time and price of any beverage is rocket sky expensive - 20 dollars for an apple martini and 11 dollars for a water bottle is just too much. Anyway you're there, pay the price. Future events here could possibly be a hit. Lets keep a close eye there.
This was one of the clubs that played hip hop and not just all house music.. so that was nice. They gave out free shot to brides to be, but the regular shots were too expensive... $15 for a henn shot and gratuity included.. really for 4 effin shots it cost me $69. Overall, the club is spacious and great choice in music.  Would definitely go back, but we'll have to get drunk somewhere else before.  :)
Fun, spacious night club in the middle of South Beach.  Cover is typically around $30 to get in.  Drinks are $20 a pop.  Can't see the DJ because of the booth's layout but the go-go dancers on the cubes hanging from the ceiling are cool and fun to watch.  Like most South Beach clubs, this place definitely attracts tourists as everyone I've met here is from somewhere other than Miami.  Definitely had a good time here and it's in a great location being a couple blocks from Ocean Dr.
Went here twice over a long weekend.  Once with table service, once just to dance.  Both times I had a blast.   Easy to get in if you look the part (or have a table). Loved practically every song.  Loved the free drinks and shots.  Decent A/C and fans.  And while there are a few points where it gets crowded, there are plenty of placed, even near the tables, where there is plenty of room to dance.
Loved this place! I read some reviews where people were barking about paying a cover to get in and waiting in a long line. We never had any of these issues. We walked up and asked to get in, they moved the ropes, we were given a wrist band and escorted straight to a table, no questions asked. They put us at the front table overlooking the dance floor and other center tables. Definitely a great spot for people watching! The music was great and the acrobatics were entertaining to watch. This place is HUGE so moving around wasn't an issue. My only complaint is the bathrooms. They definitely need more!! Over all its a great place and Id definitely go back!
10 intoxicated girls, no RSVP We walk up to the bottle service line and ask how much for 2 bottles and it's 1000, why the hell not!!  We immediately go in and the hostess set up our table.  Drinks after Drinks, house music never sounded so good.  The girls were non stop dancing, drinking, laughing and having a great time =) I would have to say -- It's as good as it gets!
I saw Sasha and Digweed here over the week of WMC 2007.  The crowd was pretty chilled out and friendly, but that's the usual with a progressive Sasha and Digweed set. A lot of other Yelpers have done well in capturing the essence of this place, so I'll just mention my most prominent impressions: Mansion doesn't have a disco ball; Mansion has a huge disco mirror star that throws the light in cool ways.  I loved this thing, and it was the first time I've ever seen one. Every now and then, someone would order a bottle of the champaign with the sparkler in it.  It distracted everyone each time a waitress had to push through the crowd to deliver one. I thought the LED lit outfits that the house dancers wore were cool, but I'm a geek like that.
Went here b/c it was close to our hotel and got pretty good reviews on Yelp for a decent place to go and dance.  While my friends and I had fun dancing a song or two, I'd say the night we went (Sunday over the MLK weekend) was a tad seedy. And that's probably quite an understatement. It was a bit of a meat market and I wasn't thrilled when the dancing girls on the poles came out. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure they are great dancers, but it made the place seem like a trashy go go club. As the night wore on, the music went from fun bop around pop to hard core rap. I wouldn't go back here. Interestingly, I picked up the Chicago Red Eye, once back in Chicago and read that some celebrities had a smash bash party here shortly after we were there. So who knows, maybe we just went there on the lamest night of the year.
Loved the music, the variety of people, how we can dance on the center high tops, and the dance performers! Everyone we met that night was super fun & chill. The inside was cool. I liked it better than LIV which was full of stuck up people. We didn't have to wait in line or pay for drinks since we have a promoter hook us up. We came here on a Saturday night and had an unexpectedly great time!
My best friend and I make an annual trip to SoBe Miami, some years 2 or 3. This club is a guaranteed great time. I am intoxicated by the lights, great beats, hot people and general vibe here. I love the attitude in Miami-everyone is so uninhibited and hedonistic. I have met some of the coolest people in SoBe. Very laid back and not pretentious like you hear. It's just a great place to escape to-Vegas is lame in comparison. Drinks here are at least 20 bucks, but I don't think I've ever paid for a drink here. You can also go to the front of the line,ask for a sexy European named Stefan-he might just let you slip right in. Oh-almost forgot to mention-once I saw a midget dancing on the bar here so that was really cool.
Things I don't remember: - Marching up to the bouncer with our VIP bracelets to ask if it meant anything, and being let in. - Paying the cover fee despite a voucher from our hotel for free admission. - Getting pulled into free VIP with bottle service with my lady friend. - 3 bottles of Skyy - Performance by Nas Ladies, simply eat a dinner at one of the outdoor dining areas on Ocean, and the Mansion promoters will flock to you to give out these bracelets.  You can choose to wear them all at once to give off that club-slut vibe, pawn them off to the guys waiting in the depressingly long all-male line outside Mansion, or throw them in the air like confetti. Guess which I like to do.
We came here with my friends from Cali and we decided to check out the night life in South Beach.  After asking around, my bf was able to hook us up with this guy who promoted for this club.  We weren't sure were able to get in but we did.   The best part is we got in for free since we had connections and there was free alcohol till a certain time.  We took advantage of it and had a great time. The venue is unlike any I've been to in LA or Vegas.  Its different. There are two floors.  Music was great.  Dance floor was so small.  Most of the venue was for people who were just drinking and sitting down.  It was packed and we had such a great time!
We arrived past midnight on a Saturday night in which the bouncer told us we needed to pay $25 each as cover. It costed us significant injuries at a nearby bar for us to get into Mansion for free (as a peace offering from the bouncer at that other bar). And thank goodness we didn't have to pay to enter. It wasn't a full house, nor was the venue wasn't as large as we hoped--particularly in the hip hop room where the entire dance floor was blocked off as VIP. So we had to dance in the limited areas around the bar. There was also only 1 bartender in that room. And the music was just ok. Despite the fact that much more was happening in the house room and also that the GoGo dancers there were very attractive, we're just not into that music. So it didn't take us long to leave. This place was just too hyped up, am not impressed.
Nice club, it was a bit smaller than I thought, we didn't have to wait long, however the cover was $25 a person. The drinks weren't too badly priced, fairly average for the area, about $12-15 or so. There is a nice area with a couple chairs, gives you room to breath from dancing. The DJ was good- played hip hop and some house, lights everywhere, the dance floor was a decent size, vip tables everywhere. Met a guy who brought us to his table, gave us a drink and then just left? Guys overall in Miami are much more up front than most places.   Overall, a great night! Even though I fell from the packed floor, but was kindly picked up by 3 guys :)
Worst nightclub in the world!! Seriously, I am from Italy and I travel since 10 years and I have been in the best nightclubs in the world. Believe me dont go into this place. The main dance floor is actually a VIP area, so basically no dance floor at all, all the people standing on the hallways, impossible to move and breath. Disgusting. Dont go here make yourself a favor. Alberto
The Mansion would have been a lot cooler for me if I didn't drop literally THOUSANDS of dollars there one night!!  Went here with a group of maybe 8 guys..  We had already killed 5 bottles before checking on the tab..  I offered to buy 2 more and when I got the $750 tab for just those 2 a small sense of panic came over me realizing we had quite a tab running for the other 5...       Some guy was cleaning out all the ones from the different bartenders $50 bucks worth at a time so he could "make it rain"...  the funniest thing was watching the staff of cleaners with their brooms and dustpans waiting like a fox ready to pounce on a hen or something when those ones hit the floor to scoop em up faster than you can say BALLIN' !!  It was awesome and oh so incredibly stupid.  I watched him drop $250 bucks in this fashion just trying to show off!! Anyway its super expensive, but you are in Miami, what do you expect?  I had a great time, good looking crowd in this place for sure, in fact that seems to be one of the factors in even getting in the door!  You really have to be all decked out to get in and it helps to bring some beautiful ladies with you!  Its a fun time,  but you will really drain your wallet especially if you get bottle service so you better go hard or go home!
Went on a Saturday night...arrived at 3:30am and still had to pay a $25 cover! ridic! Inside it was ok techno in one room and hip hop in the other...really big and pretty but it wasnt great and def not worth a $25 cover! But I did like/love the gay guy at the door that picked me n my bf out of the line the second we arrived! yay to not standing in line =) nay to the cover =/
Sorry for the people that couldn't get in but this club is sick!!!!  I'm from LA so we party it up the biggest ways both in LA and Vegas.... this is def like a Vegas club!!!! Try to get into this club but also try to find a promoter that can get you through the red tape or you might be standing in line for a long time.... Def a must visit once if you are ever in South Beach!!!!
Don't waste your time or money here, this place is horrible.  Do not trust any of the promoters. We were told that $300 would get us in the club, a VIP table and unlimted drinking.  The guy got us in the club, Sat us at our table and told me they were going to bring back two bottles.  But before he took off he grabbed my $300. After waiting a half hour and no drinks I went looking for him with a friend,  while my two other girlfriends waited at the table. As I was  looking for him my girlfriends that were back at the table texted me to say a hostess came by to kick them out of the VIP table because it belonged to someome else. At that point I was determined to get my money back because everything that was promised was a BIG LIE AND SCAM!!!! Luckily I found him and we left.
Umm- can I say WOW, WOW, WOW! Mansion nightclub closed its' doors for less then two weeks and re-opened with a sold-out, two night event with Deadmau5 as the headliner and was nothing short of A-MA-ZING! I scoped out the new Mansion 360 on Saturday night and I can honestly say that Mansion has made a comeback.  The Opium Group spared no expense in the renovations that included all new LED lighting throughout the entire club, LED screens flanking the DJ booth, a whole new lighting system on the roof, and a state of the art sound system that will have your heart bumping to every beat.  What I saw on Saturday was not just a DJ on stage doing his thing- it was a grand production! For those who have frequented Mansion over the years know that the iconic club was long overdue for a make-over and what a make-over it was.  The club has stepped up its game and reclaimed its spot as one of the hottest clubs on South Beach- LIV and WALL beware. From the moment I stepped inside the doors I was in awe of all the changes.  It literally was a 360 transformation.  Where the DJ previously stood in front of the club has been replaced with what is now a platform that takes the DJ center stage into the crowd, making him a not just a DJ, but a master of ceremonies taking command of the entire club.  The walls are now interlaced with LED strips that dance to the beat of the music that extend all the way to the roof- creating an entire show of lights.  As one patron stated,  "I was getting housed by all the pretty lights"- Hector Martinez.   There were lasers beaming out from all over the club, midgets covered in silver dancing on tables, trapeze dancers flying high above dressed in nothing but silver shorts and tassles, and a guy in a robot costume covered with lights walking through the crowd. Every which way you looked there was something to please your auditory and visual senses.   As for Deadmau5, he was INSANE! It was a remarkable show with no dull moments. The whole performance was packed with high-energy beats as the international superstar dropped some of his latest tracks like "Reward Is Cheese", "Tiny Dancer", and classics like the club anthem "Ghosts and Stuff".  The whole performance was spectacular.   Mansion 360 is back with a vengeance- If you missed the unveiling and haven't stopped by, I suggest you check it out this weekend.
Mansion is the GHETTO-est place in south beach. Come here if you're white and want to feel like a minority. The bouncers act like it's the shit but there's nobody inside and the DJ plays the same songs over and over. The playlist is made up of Lil Wayne and Beyonce tracks that no one has ever heard. The girls are 200+ lbs and the guys might mug you at any moment. The drinks are obnoxiously over-priced ($18 for a mixed drink that wasn't even full). Come here if you want to spend a bunch of money with no benefit.
Slightly concerned over reviews I have read on Yelp but as wife and I was on holiday we decided to give it a shot. Ok first off, everyone gets VIP wristbands from the guys hanging around the street corners on ocean drive, collins avenue and Washington avenue... These guys no nothing about the price to get in. Avoid the pre-party outside The Beach Palace Hotel which costs $55 pp for dinner and all you can drink between 10-11:30pm and allows you free entrance to the club. It works out $45 pp without dinner. These lads told us it would be $15 for the wife and $25 for me so this would save me money etc.... Also you get a tacky limo to pick you up and drop u outside the club so you can beat the queue and look like an idiot doing so. Back to Mansion: on entry at 11:30, the wife got in free an I had to pay $25.  Club was empty at this time but filled up by around 12:30.... Only the main room. Drinks uber expensive and cups are children sized filled with mostly ice so the drinks are pretty weak as well.  Rum & Coke and Gin & Tonic was $32 without tax or auto gratuity at 18%.  Service was without a smile or understanding as she couldn't hear a word I was saying as the music was really really loud so requires screaming out your order.  I had to place my card with her and my ID as they only take tabs over $50 (easily done).  She only smiled when I went to settle my cheque which was probably I can give more tips over the automatic gratuity! Random dancing rabbit in middle of stage was quite weird.  Pole dancing girls in sailor suits look they didn't want to be there as their facial impression were motionless and zombies out.  But have to say the lady performing aerobatic arts on the long material hanging from the roof was impressive. Try this place out just for once as on holiday etc but don't put your expectations too high.
If you're a black female don't go there. Unless you're extremely light skinned, with long hair, you won't get in.
During my trip out to SoBe recently, I actually ended up here two times. The first time was on a Thursday night. Cover for guys was $30 and for girls $20. We didn't have an issue of getting in because we had more girls than guys. Like Vegas, ratio will definitely help. Our gal pals walked up to the front and got the attention of the doormen. That's how we got in so fast and bypassed the lines. For Thursday night, it was pretty packed. Drinks here are pricey like any happening place in SoBe but I think we didn't care anymore because we were all drinking like it was water at that point. Lil' Kim showed up way later in the night to celebrate her birthday or something. That's when it got really crazy. At that point, I was ready to pass out and we took off not long after. We came back to Mansion on a Saturday night. This time it took us a little bit longer to get in because our ratio was 3:2 and not 3:4 like on Thursday night. We crowded up at the front and waited for a while. I was going to give up when they finally let us all in. Bad ratio I tell you. This time, it was $20 for both guys and girls. Note: those bands you get from those "promoters" on the street and the beach does NOT guarantee you admission nor does it get you into the club faster. What does? Having female friends. Not unless you are buying bottles which I heard is ridiculous in SoBe, either bring your female friends or get to know some women quick and invite them with you to places like Mansion. Saturday was a little bit different because of the music. In the main room, they played a lot of house/trance style music. It's a nice change up but I soon found myself hanging out in the smaller, more crowded room which would have been considered the hip hop room. This room was packed with bodies and the music was good. People were dancing everywhere and everyone was having a good time. Talk about working up a sweat. We walked to Mansion or cabbed it when we were lazy. If you can avoid driving your car here, then do it. Walking or taking a taxi is way more convenient and safer! The crowd is generally mixed here and for the most part, there was no drama that I saw. Some of the bouncers here are a bit pushy. All in all, I think we all had a good time. The company, the music, the drinks, and no drama. Remember, if you're going with a bunch of guys, be ready to wait, buy bottles, or look for female companions.
What a waste of time.  Totally overrated. So. I decided to go to Miami for my bday and since I heard so much hype about this place I decided I'd choose to go there w/my friends to celebrate the night of my bday.  Plus, their website mentioned JOHN LEGEND's name for that night so I was like ooooooh I wanna go there!  What a big mistake.  So I bought tickets online ($23 per person b/c they charge a $2 something service fee each) since everyone was saying that there'd be long a-ss lines and might be impossible to get in.  Even my friend said that he heard some people say that even with table reservations it took them a long time to get in.  Maybe that was a few years ago?   Maybe it was just cuz we went on a Sunday night that they weren't really busy?  I don't know but I had a super lousy time here.  We got there really early because we thought we had to "beat the lines" but we ended up being the first ones there aside from a couple that were inside.  It was DEAD... I've never seen anything like it.  Even Vegas clubs on Sunday nights have a good amount of people come in around opening time.  When you enter the venue you're in a main room that has a bar and 2 arm chairs for general seating.  Then there's stairs that go upstairs which was blocked off.  The room was kind of impressive.  Then there's a room in the back where the vip only seating is, a bigger bar and the small dance floor.  I was really disappointed that they didn't even have more general seating anywhere.  I kept wondering why they called it "Mansion" when really it didn't seem that big. The bartenders kept saying "yeah usually the party doesn't get started until after midnight" but at midnight it didn't even come close to being crowded.  So we stuck it out and waited for more people to get in since we thought "oh this is Miami it's probably true that people don't like to party until wee hours of the night".  What we should have done was left to go to another club or something.  We thought about it and were actually close to the exit but realized they don't stamp you so you couldn't go in and out of the club and b/c I spent a lot of $$$ on tix I didn't want it to go to waste.   So we stayed and tried to dance some.  After standing around waiting for more people to fill up the club or even the dance floor my feet and my friend's were huuuuurting already.  Sad. There was A LOT of empty space on the dance floor.  Around 1 a bartender told my friend "yeah in about a half hour more people will come in".  NOT.  Wow they're pretty good at making people stay, yeah? By 1:30 we decided to finally cut out.  When we got outside you could hear crickets playing. NO ONE in line.  Cameo, which was about 5 blocks away had more activity going on! So my summary: PROS: - Music was hip hop and it was pretty good. - Pretty interior. CONS: - Bouncers weren't friendly, some bordered on being rude. - Drinks were not great and insanely expensive (even a friggin diet coke was $5!!!) - There were NO beautiful people here (male and female), except maybe for the 1 woman bartender who I thought was kind of pretty. - They use big names to lure innocent people there to pay their insane entrance fee and won't let you back in if you leave - No general seating aside from 2 armchairs in the main room - Oh yeah btw, the couple that were sitting in the VIP couch when we got there were told to get up and off the couch around midnight I think. WTH? there was still NOBODY there!!!   If you're from out of town I wouldn't waste time going here.  I thought Clevelander was wayyyyy better on a Friday night and there's no cover there!
Fun. A friend was visiting from Turkey.  He's an American, living there on an Expat package.  We get to the club, its loaded with people. We were wasted. VIP line?  Why not... one night.  Table?   Why not... one night.  Bottles?  Why not... one night.   10,000 inhalations of tobacco fumes, a Half a bottle of vodka, and a lot of 'WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?  HUH?  HUH?'  and a lot of 'teasing' from our waitress/server girl to my friend,  we signed $450 away and left to stumble across to the ultimately more satisfying $5 Five Guys burger joint across the street. Mansion is famous, its out of control, and its fun... its crowded as hell, and the guy-girl ratio was pretty fair.
I wasn't too impressed with Mansion. A group of GFs and I went there on a Thurs night. We didn't wait in line but we did pay a $25 cover. The only reason we didnt go somewhere else was because we weren't sure where else to go. Once we were in we walked around and some worker spotted one of my GFs and we were ushered into VIP. That's more like it. The only problem was that another group of girls were near us and once it became crowded, they weren't drinking or dancing. HELLO. get out. So we moved over out of VIP which was just okay. Guys arent as pushy in VIP as they are in the rest of the club. The music was pretty good. I would probably go there again, but def. not paying a cover.
Decent, nothing memorable. Long line out front. Had bottle service, so no problem getting in, server was cute and friendly. Good mix of guys and girls. Music was decent. Small dance floor relative to club size. Overall: If you're from out of town, worth checking out if you're going to a few different places, but one time is probably enough.
LONG line. Ridiculously long at 10:30AM, but we had a promoter to walk us in so we didn't have to wait. This place is pretty huge with a couple different rooms with house music and you standard R&B/hip hop. A couple of the rooms it was tough to walk around in and they charge a ridiculous amount for their drinks. The bartender we had in the way back was super slow and didn't know what an AMF was. No biggie, but their "shots" are tiny. Way less than 1oz and they charge about $15 for that little thing. More if it's top shelf. Meh. That's why you pre-drink!
Mansion exceeded my expectations. Maybe it's because it's huge and had all the acrobats and performers. Maybe it's the people I was with. Maybe because it reminded me of what clubs used to be like - the size of warehouses. Unfortunately, they were fully reserved on tables so we did the general population route. Group of 9 at $30 per head (6 women, 3 men) - would have paid for one bottle by the minute we walked in. Drinks are pretty absurdly priced. I remember ordering a beer and a vodka soda and think the bill was $38. The space - huge and open. We secured an area in front of the DJ booth. Quentin Mosimann was in town and is a dj and singer and loves to perform. The women came to swing in pairs to the chains that came from the ceiling. Other naked-like alien looking people were in various parts of the club. As for the crowd...some folks dressed up but others very casual. There were the usual loner creepy dudes hanging around. All in all - we had a great time. And it's fairly certain that next time we're in Miami - we'll go back to Mansion.
Bartenders are very rude, a girl refused to serve my group because we did not leave a good enough tip (we left 15%). Bouncers are impolite jerks. There is just smth about this place that makes it unenjoyable and just generally a bad experience. Look, I know there are always these reviewers who don't understand the club scene and bash on, say, bouncers, not letting them in while they are wearing snickers. I go to night clubs plenty. We were a group of well dressed, good looking, well behaved guys and girls just here for a good time. And Mansion made every effort for us to have a bad time. Do yourself a favour and stay away. There are plenty of better clubs Miami - Liv, Nikki Beach....
I went to Mansion Nightclub with a couple friends of mine who knew a promoter there to get us on the guestlist. We go in and went to the VIP section where we had bottle service all night. I have to admit, that made the experience a much more pleasant one. Judging by the menu, the drinks there are way over-priced and people are just dying to pay all the extra money. I guess like everything else in Miami, you are just paying for the label. Aside from the pricey drink and the over-packing of clubbers, Mansion is actually looks really cool. The music and lights make for a fun energetic atmosphere.
As a precursor to my review, after discussing my Mansion experience with others, we must have been there on an above-average night (DJ Louis Dee was spinning, who apparently is a pretty big deal in Miami). Upon arrival, the main room opened up into a rambunctious, impressively cavernous room.  Every square inch was packed with people, and VIP looked just as unruly as the dance floor. The first set of dancers came out, head-to-toe in mirrored and black alienesque costumes.  They jerked to the beat of the bass over the crowd.  Then, a club light would hit their helmets, the mirrors eerily scattering the light from their heads and shooting the beams into the crowd. The next set of dancer took stage in skimpier outfits while the Cirque du Soleil inspired entertainment came on.  Alien creatures emerged from the bowels of the dance floor as dancers hanging from a huge net near the ceiling did choreographed moves.  Every few minutes the bartenders would shoot confetti and cold water into the crowd, making for an impressive display.  Then, aerialists took to spinning on massive steel circles 20 feet in the air. Then, the alien dancers came on again and the cycle lasted all evening.  A mind-numbing experience.
Different rooms offering different types of music = a lil something for everyone! Overpriced drinks but what can you expect on South Beach? And to be fair, the drinks were fairly strong.. I'd definitely come back on my next trip to South Beach.. Mansion is the perfect place to dance the night away!
The aerial performance by the 2 women on Sat. Nov 10th '12 was incredible, and nearly worth the price of admission alone.  I also thought it was funny when the bartenders would use a compressed airgun (that loudly blasts air) to literally blow bar lingerers away from the bar - presumably to make room for other people to step up and order $20 Jack & Cokes.   This club is very focussed on promoting it's bottle service areas, and to the frustration of the many guys, the vast majority of women were inside these "gated" bottle service zones - complete with their own bouncer.  Kind of funny actually because the dudes all swarm around these restricted zones, basically dancing and socializing with one another while the women are inside talking to one another, and a few of their chode boyfriends.
Horrible layout--picture a large room, with an oval in the middle.  The oval is "table service only" area.  To get to the dance floor, you have to squeeze around the blocked off oval.   HUGE bottlenecks, and felt like a fire trap.  Not to mention the chutzpah that to sit down ANYWHERE (except for by the bathroom) costs a bottle.   But hey, that's Miami.  The sound system was good.  Watch out for the napkin bombs.
This is a pretty decent club for Miami. I review with a grain of salt, as I visited it as one of those much maligned tourists who "should go back Wisconsin" and the like.   Still, if you're up for a bit of a scene, this place might fit the bill.   The layout is pretty nice, and there are lots of poles for all the girls with inner-stripperness. Drinks are a little pricey, but not insane.  We got in for free (Some promoter on the street gave us a pass), so that helped take the sting out. I went on a Wednesday night in late February and the place was packed packed packed! Made me think of my DC home as very tame relatively. Good music and megaclub vibe. If that latter part aint you're style, don't waste your time.
Went there on a Monday night.  BED wanted $30 cover and some guy approached us with VIP wristbands for our party of 9.  We headed there and suprisingly they worked!  Even had open bar for the ladies at one of the bars- house vodka only but hey- free is free! The bouncers were nice, the club itself is nice too, reminds me of a Vegasclub- good decor- not cheesy almost uplscale.  The drinks are pricey but hey- what do you expect? The music was a good mix of mostly hip hop- diverse people- lots of security walking around.  There is a stripper pole in the middle of room 1.  The dancer that night was absolutely amazing!  Gorgeous girl had the crowd in awe of her ASSets- good moves- cannot hate! She needs to be in someone's music video! Had a good time, I may not have liked it as much had we had to pay.
I had a hard time even giving this place 3 stars just because of the ridiculousness of the drink prices.  The environment is really awesome and a fun place but be careful ordering drinks.  The drinks are very weak and cost an arm and a leg.  There is also a $50 minimum on tabs which you think will give you a good amount of drinks... wrong.  I had 1 beer, 2 rum and cokes, and 1 red bull vodka which totaled $65.  Its a great environment if you want to pregame but beware drinking here you wont even get a buzz for under $100.
Ended up here with the GF after trying / failing to get into LIV this past weekend. Prepare to pay a premium for drinks . For 2 shots and a beer I paid 65 bucks. Of course I noticed this when when taking inventory the next morning . We arrived to the front door around 12a and there was no line . Girls are free , dudes are 40 bucks. The crowd is your typical mix of club goers these days . This was my first time partying in Miami and it wasn't what i expected. I'd give Mansion another shot if I went back down to MIA, but I don't expect much in terms of that South Beach glamor .
Visiting from Boston and having grown up in Philly, I was really not prepared for the club scene in Miami. In these cities, you mostly just show up looking reasonably clean and/or doable and you get in after little to no wait. Sooo not the case in Miami. I waited for an hour and fifteen minutes to get into Mansion on a Saturday night. Apparently we missed the memo that, well, err, umm, "hip-hop fans" have to show up like an hour before the general public to get inside of most of the clubs on Washington Ave. Anyway, most people behind us kept saying the wait was so long because there was a huge group of guys in the front of the line that the bouncer was never going to let in. Meanwhile, the bouncer paced through the crowd and selectively let in Paris Hilton and Bai Ling look-alikes the entire wait. I couldn't even take it personally because the look he was going for was apparently... "top-dollar Vegas call-girl"in shades ranging from light to medium-light. I simply didn't have the time or energy to dress like an expensive whore that night. Seriously though, as demoralizing as all of that nonsense outdoors might have been, I have to admit it was sort of worth the wait once we got in. The interior is gorgeous and huge, hey, whaddyaknow?... like a mansion. The dancefloor contained so many toned, writhing bodies rockin' out that even I became a fan of techno music for half an hour. That DJ seriously could've made a convert out of me... But all that awkward jumping I did hurt my feet and luckily someone with a table section was nice enough to let us sit in his reserved booth area, because there's no where else to sit in this place. Then we paid $28 for two shots of tequila and headed to the hip-hop room. It was tiny compared to the rest of the place, but the DJ was great there too and everyone was having an amazing time. I would go back because the interior is like nothing I've ever seen in the Northeast. But, eh, I could take or leave some of the snooty that accompanied it.
Great Club...Fancy Smancy inside!  Must go for Out of Towners.  Huge line to get in!  So girls better dress to impress to bypass the line! There's a VIP area in the very middle of the bottom floor which gets pretty crowded but if you dont mind that...i would say its the center of the action place to get a table. The bars on the main floor get pretty crowded so its better to go back to the front entrance and get a drink at the bar there. They played hip hop on the thursday night we went. Its a Mansion inside...why wouldnt you not go?
I have never understood the appeal of Mansion... the ridiculously long lines, the odd mix of music, the cover price (and at the bar)... the people who can't dance... and yet using the poles for-- what, balance? I... I just don't know what else to say.
Music is great (techno,house music).. Young crowd at regular floor( age 20-27?) A lil order crowd at vip floor( 30-50) Typical miami club! Old rich fxxks with boobies hookers~~ Anyway... I like this club!! cute dancers and pretty inside atmosphere!
NEVER go to Mansion. Last night I was with a group of 7 smart young professional girls, and we ALL got robbed. Someone stole our iPhones, cash, ID's, keys, wallets, etc right out of our purses. We had been in the main room for roughly 4 minutes and had all been pick-pocketed. When we reported it to the bouncers, they shrugged their shoulders and were unapologetic. Never ever go here.
Typical glam night club. Hung out got drunk - got into VIP and was bored by 1am.   spent another hour asleep upstairs on some couch at someone's table with bottle service. Second time - we had a decent time but the same thing - was ready to go after an hour.   Good thing I didnt pay or wait to get in. Decor and setup was nice. This is really not my type of scene but if you are a party boy/girl this where you want to go to dance and drink.
Big. Trashy. Club. with a Mess of people at the door. But when you have tickets in your hand, the biggest DJ's in the world spinning, a good sound system, and a couple drinks inside, it makes a really awesome night.
My friend and I were still deciding where to go for the night, so walking up the street we were stopped by a girl trying to convince us to go to Club Mansion. She gave us wristbands and said this would get us to the front of the line with a $20 charge to get in. We took the wristbands...but $20??? wow! Still deciding what to do, we stopped in front of a pool hall/bar right across the street from Mansion. We talked to the bouncer and he was pretty cool. He said he knew someone who could get us into Mansion for free. He offered us free drinks at the bar and he'd get the guy to talk to us. No joke...they delivered! So Mansion is actually pretty huge. We walked around each room which played various types of music - house in the main room where there were practically nekked dancing 'angels' everywhere. Then there was a little live show with 2 girls pouring chocolate syrup, whipped cream along with strawberries and bananas all over each other. I'm assuming the guys got a kick out of it! Luckily we didn't have to pay for our drinks either. Thank goodness cuz from reading the reviews it sounds EXPENSIVE... I had a good time and so did my girlfriend. I wouldn't rule it out if you're looking for somewhere to go. check it out and judge for yourself...that is, if you're willing to spend cha-ching on entrance and drinks!
Had a decent / okay time.  We were hanging on the beach when Greg a promoter came by and gave us his spiel.  We got a great deal.  For $40 bucks we had a drink party from 10-12, a limo take us over to the club and then instant entry.  I was apprehensive at first, but ultimately it was a great plan.  We met at this chicken wing place (AMAZING BURGERS BTW), then shared a big bottle of Grey Goose with about 8 people.  It was fun to meet other people and the instant access into the club was great (there was a long ass line).   The inside was okay.  I wasn't super impressed.  I'd compare it to Soundbar in Chicago.  Drink prices were comparable to Chicago.  They played okay music... the house in the back was pretty good - but I can pretty much dance to anything.  I had fun and I would thank the promoter for that.  Other wise, its just a regular club to me.
There are so many aspects to a club that can make or break your experience. When going to Miami Beach few things are constant.  Drinks are overpriced.  So if you like to drink either pre-game, sneak in your own, or dish out the cash and take it. Plain & simple. $20 for one small drink is average. The hot-spots usually have long lines so get there early and once the night gets going the dance floors are going to get crowded. My group had VIP. Which means we didn't wait at all, we had private bathrooms so we didn't have to deal with lines, and we had free drinks all night.  So did I have a blast? Hell yeah! The music is do-a-danceable. Not my favorite, I'm more of a rocker girl.  But the mixes were surprisingly good. The lights and ambiance are pretty amazing and cool to watch as well as the dancers on stage. However would I ever go there again if I didn't have VIP?  Probably not.  The dance space out of VIP was extremely crowded. I can't imagine what it would be like to pay $30 just to walk through the door.  I can cross it off as one of those places that everyone talks about and I can say I've been to, but $ is better spent elsewhere.
Do not even think about going there.   We got a table in the VIP section. The guy working the VIP door was nasty, the attention is non existent.  We had a table in the VIP area which by the way is rather poor.  It does not have a private area for the VIP's. It was only me and my husband and they made us buy a Vodka Magnum (a gallon)  from which we could only drink about 1/6 of a bottle.  AGain I repeat, all these among discourteous and nasty personnel.  Bottom line: We overpaid for horrible service.  There was not even a nice DJ.  Just some in house guy.  NEVER AGAIN!  IT turned out to be one of the worst club nights I ever experienced.
$30 just to get in the door to party with guidos? I think not. I'd rather buy myself a bottle with that and drink it elsewhere.
First time in Miami and decided to come here to see dash Berlin. There's no organization to the line. People are always cutting so it takes forever to get in. People can smoke indoor so if you hate second hand smoke like me, then just find another venue! You'll see people either drunk or drugged up laying on the side. Drinks are over priced and the bartender over charged me! Check your accounts after leaving here!
I LOVE Mansion!!! if you are a tourist like me, u should get a hotel pass from ur hotel... so you don't have to get into a long line...  there are guys walking around and ask if you have hotel passes, if you have it, u will be cut to front of the line. i love the music there and all the dancers, bartenders and server are hot!
This place isn't that great. Seems like everyone who works there has an attitude problem. Music was just OK, and the cover is over priced (even for a club). One cool thing about this place is there is an area away from the dance floor that has chairs centered around a little stage with a stripper pole that nobody but drunk club-goers try to use. It's nice to have a place to sit without having to get a table. I'd say it's much more fun (and way cheaper) to go out to all the little bars on Ocean Dr. and drink and dance outside. There's really no reason to be inside at night in Miami. Sure, it's a little humid out but you can go party inside anywhere else in the world.
dirty... door man was an ass...   received a "Free" "VIP" bracelet... Still made me go through the B.S....  cover charge... and having to listen to the a$$ out front... Im sure they make a pretty penny... but... ill pass next time..
Strict dress code and $30 to get in on Saturday nights. Good music and energy, will go back.
I love the artists they bring! However I'm too fond of the crowd this place brings in and the drinks are $25 with a 3 drinks minimum. They carbon copied my card and that made me really uncomfortable. But I'd go again just wouldn't buy any alcohol.
I just read that this place was "classy" on the inside.... hmmm. Anyways, I'm  not a big fan of this place due to atmosphere of people (cheese fest anyone?). The smoke/spilled drinks is also a little more frequent than other nightclubs for whichever reason. The people at the door are pretentious and unless there is a special event going on, it seems dead. Definitely a hit or miss kinda place.
Still my favorite club in Miami. We were given our own table overlooking the dance floor and we weren't bothered all night. EXCELLENT. Especially compared to LIV, which was pretentious and lame, Mansion is a haven.
My friends and I came here on a Saturday and had a nice time here minus drama over the rampant thievery going on (discussed later). We got in for free by signing up for the guestlist on their website. We were also a bunch of girls though which probably helped as well. The club is huge. It has cool lighting and small acts throughout the night that are entertaining. There are a lot of tourists here which makes the crowd pretty friendly. Its easy to meet people for sure. One downside is that the drinks are pretty pricey - 15-20 a pop. But the big worry here is that there was rampant thievery going on. My camera was stolen out of my purse. I know a guy whose phone was stolen from his back pocket and when I went to the bathroom, there was a girl balling because her wallet, camera and phone were ALL stolen from her purse. This is just from what I saw over a 4 hr period. Im sure there were tons more stolen that I did not know about. This is a super long shot I know but it cant hurt so here goes... My camera was a regular point and shoot, it is silver, about 3"x2" and had a little suede bag hooked at the end of it as a case. Reward for anyone who returns this to me. Especially if my pics are still on it. Those are memories of my first Maimi trip.
1. the nightclub is beautiful 2. its a shame acts like Sasha and Digweed play for people at places like Mansion, in which most of the people wouldnt know Diggers from a good steakhouse. Mainly the girls are all skinny and dressed skantly which is fine, but their guido boyfriends with big muscles that just move back and forth and cant dance because of their size and the place REAKS of fakeness, plastic and LA. The music is great, especially during WMC, its just a shame that its so fake with botox galore and people that wouldnt know good music if it hit them in the face. Sasha and Digweed should do SPACE again, like they used to, its bigger, much less pretentious and you dont have to deal with the rude bartenders, that MAKE AWFUL drinks and the doormen WHO Are aLL MORONS........stay away
This is the kind of place that will hire a big name DJ, and then have the indecency to kick them off the decks in the middle of their set. That screams upper management issues. AVOIID!!!
We've been attending Mansion since 2006.  It never fails to disappoint!  From the door service, to the bar tenders to the bouncers, everyone always has treated us top notch.  Every year they improve the establishment and we have always had an outstanding time.  Mansion is always on our list every time we come to South Beach!
************IF YOU COME HERE DO NOT START A TAB!************ I was having a great time until when I went for a second round of drinks both my credit card and my ID were gone after giving them to the bartender to start a tab AND the bartender said she never saw me at the bar. Manager was extremely unhelpful basically went to the bar with me asked the girl if she had my ID she said no and he claimed he looked up in the computer if I had opened a tab and there was no record of my card ever being there. This didn't stop the club from charging 101.00 on my card. Amazing how they can do that when they claim to have never seen me at the bar or had my card. Apparently this happens all the time here according to the Police Officer I filed a lost ID report with which I needed to get on my flight to get home the next day. Would have had an awesome night here if it wasn't for the fiasco of them losing my ID and card.
We came to Mansion at 1230am and left by 230am because our clutches were stolen at the Club. When we realized our clutches were stolen, security was quick, and found it in the men's bathroom, with our ID intacked and our money gone. I guess this is not unusual- because within minutes they found our purses in the bathroom.What is VERY appalling is that we wanted to speak to the manager or the owner about camera footage- and they said they would get back to us, if we give them our #.. until this day I have not heard from them- and it's been a week almost.  Another thing is , is that there was a security guard nearby when all this happened, and he said he didnt see a thing. (yeah buddy was really doing his job).. so with all the security you'd think they would see someone taking 2 girl's purses...but NOPE! What added injury to the whole situation was that our hotel key and hotel information was also found in our purse, within 40 min, they were able to get to our hotel, ran sack the room, and steal valuables. I feel like this was either and inside job, or there are professionals who go to the clubs to steal from tourist. If you choose to go here just becareful because thieves who hangout at this club are pros. They Stole quick and got rid of our stuff very fast. ALso be aware that you will not get any help, or a  police call when your stuff is stolen here- they will escort you out and wish you well! I just find it rather strange that they were not more helpful in getting the proper authorities to investigate futher into the crime.
*Please read!!  I hope people read this before deciding to go to this establishment!* I flew from Oregon to Miami for a friend's wedding.  It was a Wednesday night and we spent the night in Miami Beach for her bachelorette party.  Her and some other girls in our group had a room at Catalina.  We paid $25 at the bar at Catalina for a writst band that gave us free drinks (all you can drink) for 2 hours, a Limo Bus ride to Mansion and it was also supposed to include our admission to Mansion.  One might think that this would be a killer deal overall.  But what they don't tell you when you purchase the tickets is that there is an extremely strict dress code (basically you need to be in heels, a formal dress, have hair extensions, and fake tits and a tan) to get in.  When we got off the limo bus at Mansion there was no guarantee that we were getting in based on what we were wearing.  I had dress sandals on and dress pants and was told that I "should have known better than to show up looking like that".  Two of my other friends had flip flops on and the bouncer said absolutely no that they were not coming in.  The bride to be got all up in the bouncers face and somehow I got in, while my other two friends went to a shoe store near by and paid $80 on heels so that they could "meet the bouncer's approval" to get in the club. Once inside there was a small bar to stop and get drinks...after the bouncer outside made me feel so good about myself, we stood at this mini bar right inside the doorway and waitied for what I thought was way too long for a drink.  Maybe they were not serving us because we were not welcomed?  The girls and I gave up and finally made our way inside where the club opened up and was laid out like a warehouse.  I'm all for loud music and dancing and crazieness, but the rest was just tacky and the music was ridiculously loud electronica.  This place did not really seem to have a "theme"...there were more bouncers dressed like police men from the 1900's, along with various dudes dressed liked creepy clowns (straight up out of Killer Clowns from Outerspace)...some random person hiding in the corner dressed like an Indian, and all the bartender girls looked like Johnny Depp from Alice in Wonderland. Does it sound like fun yet?  If you are one of the chosen ones to be let into this establishment be prepared to pay an astronomical amount of money on drinks.  There is a $50 minimum...that's right, if you walk up to the bar you have be willing to spend at least a minimum of $50 or they won't serve you.  I asked for A BEER and was refused service.  Since another girl in our group bought a round of shots, I decided that I would buy a round anyways...what a fa-reakin' joke!  I paid $85 for 4 shots of tequilla (the cheap kind), and 1 Heinikan...well I certainly met the $50 minimum. Apparently famous people show up at this establishment...we did not see anyone famous...but then again we didn't stick around long enough either.  I have traveled all over the world and I have been to a lot of different bars and clubs...and yeah there are some that I don't much care for, but seriously this was the worst place that I have ever been, and I was there over 2 weeks ago and am still kicking myself for even dropping $85 for drinks and wasting my time at this establishment.  I guess I am just more of a "down to earth" west coast girl and not into the whole image/meatmarket life style.
I went to this club for the first time about a month ago for my birthday and was very disappointed. I've always heard how it's supposedly one of the "hottest" clubs in Miami with many A-list celebrities who supposedly frequent it, but I do not see what all the hype is about.    The cover charge for the night was $20 a person, but I was admitted for free since it was my birthday, which was tasteful. We arrived at around midnight and it was not very busy, sporadic little groups of people all  wandering around the club. We went to order drinks and were charged about $15 per drink, which were served in tiny little plastic cups, definitely overpriced. The music was not that great either, and not many people were dancing.    The positive aspects of this place are its decor and layout. It is very large with two floors, has giant crystal chandeliers, funky architecture and some nice lighting effects. I don't think I will be returning to this club anytime soon.
Yes, it's $30 cover for each person, but you're paying for the show and experience. They have aerialists, which is really cool to watch. They also have other dancers in masks like a masquerade theme? At least on the night I went. They had multiple DJs, one of them kept turning off all the music/lights between songs as a transition. That wasn't very cool. As soon as the lights went back up you notice more people making out, so that's the effect it has I guess. Dance floor was basically empty by 3am...where's everyone going? They also have loud blaring horns, like a freight train coming through. Thought that was unnecessary, so if you don't like very loud music, bring some earplugs. The audio from the speakers also sounded warped, like all the music was in a different key. I don't know if it's because of the placement of the speakers or the size of the room. No, I wasn't on substances. When you first go in, there's three door ways. The left one goes to the main dance floor. The middle one says "Naughty girls enter here" but it was just a room with lights and no one in it. The third door on the right goes to the bathrooms. There's seating outside the women's bathroom for your tired feet, thank goodness. My stall didn't have toilet paper, even though there was a bathroom attendant, isn't that their job? They were also out of paper towels for your hands so you were handed toilet paper to wipe your hands off. Didn't get any drinks, heard they were expensive. Good luck. People are allowed to smoke inside so beware of getting burned on the dance floor with drunk people losing control of their motor functions. Someone came around to sell roses. People actually bought them. So based on a single experience, I would still say it's a worthy establishment for the EDM scene. There was a pacifier on the floor...and I don't think any babies were at the club. Party on.
This place sucks. 70 bucks for 4 drinks? You've got to be kidding me! The music was whack and the crown was lacking. This place is played out and needs a facelift.
I just got back from Miami and this bar made me have a horrible experience.  My friends and I went there on the first night and dedcided to get bottle service, and I needed to give them my ID and credit card. I should have looked at this site first for reviews.  They held my ID and Credit card and they next day they claimed they did not have it and the manager was extremely unhelpful.  Finally, after some yelling at the fat manager they gave my ID and credit cards back.  It did not stop there though, they subsequently kept posting individual transactions for $250 each, luckily my credit card company saw that BS and removed the charges. Do not go to this place! I can't believe these scam artists can get away with holding your ID and credit card, they should definately be run out of business.. I will also add that two of my friends had a wallet and a cell phone pick-pocketed from them that night and after talking to a local, all this is commonplace.
Overrated, as I tend to think most clubs are -- but we wanted to do one Miami club for our visit from NY.  I know experiences vary from night to night, but I tend to take design/decor into account a lot and I wasn't that impressed.  A $-15-20 cover (I forget) even with the "promoter discount"  on a Sunday night wasn't *all that,* nor was our long wait to get in.  We also didn't care for the pricey weak drinks.  We were also peeved when we discovered that we weren't allowed into the whole roped-off center section of the main floor. The music was just ok, with the occasional good song thrown in.  The highlight of our night at Mansion ended up being less than 5 feet away when Michael Jordan himself arrived at the club.  Mansion sucked, but it was cool to see MJ in the flesh.
Horrible. The men working the door were soooo ruthless. Once we got on the line it felt like Studio 54. They were bias. I dont get it. People travel far distances to have a good time when some jerk bouncer doesnt let them in. Me and two other girls were dressed very nice. Plain in simple he said me and my friend could come in if the chubby girl leaves.
Went to Mansion on a Monday night. We had passes from our hotel but when we walked up this guy, a promoter said don't bother with the passes because it's hit or miss and that he'd get us in. We said ok and he led us in the club with a few other girls and we got in for free. Because it was still early there was hardly anybody in the club. We hung around, got an overpriced tiny drink and people watched. All of a sudden a girl comes up to us puts these wrist bands on us and tells us to go to VIP.  We venture over to the roped off area, the guy opens the ropes and lets us in. So for the rest of our night we sat in VIP, listened to the music (which was off the chain btw!!!) and people watched. The club got crowded after awhile and a bunch of people came into VIP. I get the feeling that a lot of those people were locals/regulars that know each other and the staff because they were all socializing and were dressed against traditional dress code. Why am I getting glammed up in a dress and heels when there were girls in fitted caps and Jordan's?? Guys in hoodies?? The dress code is a joke. That being said, if you like hip hop/r&b music go (well on a Monday for sure) to Mansion! You'll love the music. In a nutshell, the club was fun IMO. I would have stayed longer if I didn't have to get up early. The music was amazing, the club is pretty big, well bigger than it looks on the outside, so there is room to dance. The drinks are way overpriced- more than even Vegas clubs charge. Then again Miami establishments like to add gratuity to the bills which increases the price. PS - the aerial performance with the two girls in the pasties was quite a show! This was definetly more entertaining than my normal Monday nights...
I like Mansion, always have not a club I visit frequently but when I do it's always a good time. The only flaw is that the line is RIDIC and the bouncers act as if they have a Ph.D. in the profession. It's actually quite sad how rude they are and I have to admit they totally play the race card with groups of guys. SMH Overall it's an okay club.
In Miami, it really all depends on the night. Sometimes the club can be banging, and then some nights you are sitting around twiddling your thumbs. Mansion, for some reason, is ALWAYS packed. The name of the club pretty much resonates with any tourist, so of course they are gonna head to Mansion first before any other club. When you come in, expect to be a bit confused. There are lots of rooms and an upstairs that you have access to. Each room typically has its own DJ and music style. Expect too see girls dancing on couches, bars and the stage. Perhaps, you can even expect to see a few celebrities as well...
I spent Satruday night in the VIP at a NCAA guy's weekend night in SOBE. It was one crazy night! The VIP entrance is just north of the main entrance on Washington.
I've been to Mansion before a few years ago. And tried to go back again this time. But OMG! They are such jerks! Someone in our group was wearing flat sandals and they won't let us in. They tell us while we have been standing there for maybe 15-20 minutes with so many people on like 10 different lines. So unorganized and so rude!
Everything is incredibly over priced: $30 dollars for admission, $22 for a rail drink. For all the security they have in the place,  it is incredibly easy to get things stolen..  My friend got her iPhone stolen and there were other groups that had their purses stolen. They also don't let you come back in after you leave. For a club this is not worth all the hype,  it is incredibly overpriced and there are a lot of pickpockets. All of the dancing was also incredibly overhyped. I DO NOT recommend this place for a fun night out.
The party doesn't start until after 12:00am. Come dressed to impress. Girls get on the guest list and come by 11pm. It will be a bit dead at that time, but at least you don't have to pay cover. We came on a Thursday night. The music is hopping, salsa, hip hop, etc. This was my second time with my gfs. It's always worth a visit.
Think place is not worth going. Drinks are very expensive. To give you an ideas. $22 for a small Long Island, not including tip. Place is small, music was not original, very boring. There was about 4 man per women in the place. Not worth the time and money. Coming from New York, I can say this club sucks
First...the drinks are ridiculously expensive and i couldn't even taste de alcohol, i had to have 4 people try it to see if it was just me or it really didn't have any alcohol in it.... Second, i payed 32.02 for 2 shitty drinks, gratuity was already included, so i didn't leave additional gratuity and today i look at my account and the bartender charged herself $8 for extra tip!...I made sure i wrote 0 tip and then total amount on the bottom $32.02 to avoid this happening, but i guess she doesn't care about keeping her job.... Third....I asked for well liquor, as i knew top shelf would be crazy expensive....and the bartender charged me for grey goose! even after i asked her the price for well liquor and she said 16( i never heard of greygoose being well vodka) Fourth....bartenders were on their phones all night, not doing their jobs, constantly people trying to get their attention for some service, and weren't friendly AT ALL. what kind of service is this??? The bartenders name is Alexandra by the way.(it says it on my receipt) NEEDLESS TO SAY I AM NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. ABSOLUTELY DONT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.
This place is really bad. The crowd is the most stereotypical "lets go party tonight bro"/bottle rats that you can imagine. The club is overcrowded, lighting/ music and sound system not impressive. Drinks not good. Overall a waste of time and money.
This was my last attempt at going to a "Mainstream Nightclub" . I went with a group so we were able to get in through the VIP line and skip the ridiculous line (If you're standing over 10 minutes in line for this... i have pity upon your impoverished delicate forlorn soul...) So there are basically 2 sections. A smaller hip hop/lounge area which is the one you walk into as you first come in, and the main house/electronic scene. I don't know what it is about mainstream clubs that they all seem to make people feel way too high on the food chain, that everyone just immediately becomes incredibly rude and stressed out. I go out to have fun, socialize and enjoy the music. Thing is there can be no socializing at a place like this because people just aren't down for that. I received a free drink ticket to claim at the bar and since i was not drinking any more that night, and i was still waiting for my friends to get inside i went up to this girl at the entrance and said "Hey I have this ticket here good for a drink, if u want it you can have it, im not drinking" she said "GOOD FOR YOU!" and walked off.... Okay then, lol no big deal. So as I was still waiting for the rest of them to get through the security people I asked another group that was standing there "Hey, have you guys been inside yet?" they looked at me like I was Jack The Ripper about to do something to them and said "We're OUT HERE aren't we? So what do you f*ing think?"  Alright ... I guess talking to people at a "SOCIAL GATHERING" is not really welcomed here, found that out the hard way. === CLUB TIME The hip hop area was cool,not as obnoxious as the main one, but all you see is a bunch of lames with cellphones out updating facebook statuses and taking instagram pictures to show their friends the blast they're having at the club.... WOOHOO! The electronic music/ main stage is WAY TOO PACKED and loud, I went to the dancefloor for a while but quickly got bored of it, the vibe was horrible lol. So i got back to the hip hop area and hung out with some friends i met at a bar earlier on. I'm not going to be attending any of these "Big clubs" such as Liv, Story, Mansion and etc anymore... If you have good suggestions for me, feel free to send me a message.
Fun.... Pricy.... did i say pricy?? $16 bucks for a vodka sprite... yah my sis is an idiot for that 1... & $10 coronas.....25 cover... ok music selection. Stripper poles!!!!! would i go back... prolly not.
