ok, ill be the first one to rate tootsie's and only the second one to yelp under the almost virgin category of 'adult entertainment'. good. why did i go to tootsies? oh yes, it was my friends bachelor party, thats right. so we (a group of 8 very distinguished gentlemen) met there like at 11pm. i never go to strip joints, true story. so my first concern about going to tootsies was the cover charge. i was expecting it to be like a club but it was only $6. then i thought, hmmm if its only 6 bucks to get in, i wonder what kind of circus is going on in there? i bet everyone is wasted and the girls look like rehab drop-outs. wrong. the space is huge, theres flat screens all around, pool tables, a big bar, and lots and lots of ladies. so why did i give tootsies 5 stars? well, cause i had a good time and the glenlivet on the rocks sells for $9.50 yes, i had fun, i cant seem to hide that, all my friends know about it. another good thing was that the ladies dont approach absolutely everyone  after they dance to get a dollar. i find that very annoying by the way, so that was good. the eight of us behaved well, so well they didnt even want to buy a bottle of rum for 100$ but then a friend told one of the lovelies that i really liked her and that i had turned down every other girl that had approached me, which by the way theyre both big big lies. big lies - so she sat on my lap, looked straight into my eyes and i believe thats when i got into automatic pilot mode... me and my friends had a good time, we shared some laughs and got to see each other deal with a range of situations that wouldnt happen anywhere else but in front of lots of naked women.
"the club that out-Vegas's Vegas!" last month, a few co-workers took me here for my birthday. i was able to get in free thanks to my male friend escorting me. (each guy can bring in one lady friend for free). the place was hugggeeee...imaging someone cleaning out BJ's Wholsale and saying "hey let's make a strip joint!" that's exactly what these people did! there are lots of private and VIP rooms and multiple performing areas and stages. and it was packed since there was a huge boxing match on; however, we were able to find a table in all the way on the other side of the bar. after ordering some drinks, we decided to move to the main floor to "get closer to the action" the floor was all taken but after standing in the back for 5 min. i noticed three people leaving and i went over and grabbed the empty tables and chairs while i could. i signaled over to my group to come and some very nice bouncer/waiters in suits came over and brought us another table and more chairs so we could all be comfortable.   this was my first time at a strip club but it just felt like a regular restaurant....except, you know....with t*ts lol. while the match was going on, there were a handful of girls entertaining on the stage and on the floor. the girl on stage was fantastic! it takes guts to climb up that entire fire pole and spin upside down on the way down. after she was finished the DJ announced that there was a porn star in the house. she danced around stage for awhile and for $5 i got to take a picture with her that i'm sure will haunt me when i decide to run for office. the only problem i had with this place was when my group and i decided to switch table locations, i had kept my bar tab open and gave my credit card to the old waitress. so when i got a new waitress at the new table, it took me half an hour to track down my old waitress and sign out my credit card with her. all in all, good times. p.s. the food's not half bad!
I'm back in the building and it's fight night Pacquiao vs Marquez 3!!! Anybody who is familiar with big fights knows Tootise's is one of many places to be to watch the fight but they have the biggest crowds because they can house more folks..and tonight this joint is packed. I'm out with my ace4life Vince and I knew it was going to be crazy night because soon as we pull off 441 there are cars and a line to get in the parking lot so we had to park all the way down the street and walk. Get to the door and it's a long ass line to get in..the cover was $12 not bad but damn it was packed I mean packed it was soo damn packed you basically got a free lap dance from the strippers and cocktail waitresses because of them walking by backing they ass up on you (I wasn't complaining) it was a struggle to get a drink and we just stood elbow to elbow with everyone else and watched it on the big screen. Pacquiao won which I expected to happen but I'm a MAYWEATHER fan so lets hope they can make there fight happen..advice for the future fights get there early.
Totally over rated .... the place is very nice and ENORMOUS but most of the girls are Meh. Their looks are ok but their attitude in some of them, Ugh. On weekdays it's cheap to get in though. But I usually don't recommend this place. Go to Scarlett's if you want a better experience.
this club is so trashy! just because it's a stripclub DOES NOT mean it needs to be a ratchet dirty environment..the girls are always offering to do sexual acts for cheap && the girls look cheap! been to other strip clubs here that are so much more clean && inviting..tootsies is like what Denny's is to Prime 112...cheap you might try it bc youre hungry && want to save money but after you do you leave unsatisfied && your stomach hurts
I was never into strip clubs...ever.  That is until I went to Tootsie's.  The place is a BJ's wholesale club gutted out and turned into a giant strip club.  Consider the left side a bar, the center a strip club, and the far right should have been a mini lounge but I guess that's on hold.  Every time I've been there, there are always in excess of 150 beautiful working ladies.  The pole is at least 20 feet up if not higher and I've ALWAYS seen at least a handful of girls who will climb the whole thing.  If there was ever an Olympics held for cabaret dancers, this is the place to have it at.  Every time I'm in the FLL/MIA area, I visit Tootsie's.  The first time I went , I saw some insane tricks with a dollar bill, the time after than was a red bull can trick, and finally last time was a katana blade and a lemon...nuff said.  Five stars isn't enough to rate this place - I'm kind of afraid I'm going to end up getting brunch in this place one day.
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Arguably the best gentlemen's club in miami. This is more of your classic gentlemen's club but KOD has more of a party atmosphere and more ladies that know how to perform on stage. The difference between the two is your taste in ladies. 2. The cover here is cheaper than KOD. 3. More men come to this one while KOD it's 60/40 men to women who attend. 4. Restroom's are cleaner at KOD. They can improve upon that here at Tootsies. 5. Lap Dances are more expensive here as well but overall due to the QUALITY seen here, Tootsies is definitely one of the tops in the nation.
Went here for the first time on Saturday around 2 AM and stayed for an hour. Out of all the girls on stage, only one was really good and did some cool moves on the pole. The other girls seemed bored and just walked slowly from one pole to the other after swaying around for a bit. You can tell some obviously have had their ass done and one of them had a really lumpy ass that looked like her implants had flipped over or something, haha. I guess anyone can be a stripper nowadays. Wish there were more girls who actually know how to move. Maybe I just came on a bad night.
Scout's honor, I have no idea how we ended up here. One minute I was having drinks with friends at the SLS Hotel, and the next...well, I was hopping (ok, maybe falling) out of an Uber at Tootsie's Cabaret. I've been told that this excursion was my brilliant idea, but I'm not so sure...then again, I get pretty gung-ho about partying when I've had a few cocktails. So tipsy walking in is an understatement, but I do distinctly remember being amazed and my jaw dropping when we finally got past the entrance. There were naked/scantily clothed girls everywhere...and I've never seen a "strip club" so crowded with patrons. Oh, and there was neon, lots and lots of neon color...I think there was also fog? Or maybe that is just my memory... We settled into a table at the back of the room but due to my forgetting/never wearing my glasses, inched up to the front row after a few minutes so I could see. But not before a VERY busty waitress gave my companion and his friend a shot...and you may not think that I am a lady due to this story but I assure you I am...and I blushed so hard and was slightly jealous while watching her. So, use your imagination. I can't really blame her for being all over him though. He was the cutest guy there and frankly I think she took a little bit of advantage at the opportunity. Anyways, maybe I've been spoiled by other "gentlemen's clubs"...not that I'm a connoisseur or anything...but my biggest complaint is that I just didn't think these girls were that pretty. There were lots and lots of tattoos. Coming from Memphis, I'm also not really used to them being this ummm naked? Our laws require them to keep a top AND bottom on at all times. And here, well, yeah, ummm they don't have those laws. They also apparently don't mind touching either from what I observed. Was It a fun night? Absolutely (especially the company). Would I come back here? Probably not. Then again, "gentlemen's clubs" only happen for me once every two years.
Tootsie's is definitely not my regular cup of tea, and after visiting I KNOW it's not my cup of tea. I was there on a Friday night to celebrate my friends birthday who wanted to do something different. I'm always down for something fun and different so I immediately signed up for the chance to celebrate at Tootsie's. As usual, I was the first person in my party to arrive. I should know better living in Miami my whole life that when people tell you one time, you arrive at least 30 minutes later. Anyways, I was there on time and I decided to wait in my car as my friend was on her way and nearby. My first impression of the club was that it was big and busy. There were people constantly coming in and out. I took this as a good sign. Then that's where my night took a slight turn. As I was waiting for my friends, some guy pulls up in a car next to me and proceeds to just stare at me. I was hoping he would get out of his car, but no, he stayed in his car and just stared at me. If this was the clientele at Tootsie's, I was in for a long night. After about 15 minutes, I couldn't take it anymore and I got out of my car and decided anything was better than having some weird guy stare at me in a parking lot. At that moment, my friends finally made it and we decided to head in. One of friends had gotten there earlier (thanks for the heads up!), and had found the company of a gentleman. The gentleman and his friend got us all into the VIP section. The VIP section is what you would expect. Couches with women in scantly clad outfits fawning over men in hopes of getting paid. I assume this is where the "high rollers" sat, but I was unimpressed with what I saw. No one looked like a high roller, and all the women looked fake. The birthday girl and I decided to make our way downstairs to the main stage to see if we'd enjoy it downstairs more. Downstairs was on a whole 'nother level. The women down here were more natural looking, and they mostly stayed on the stage until after they performed. All of the workers I spoke to were very sweet and nice. I have to compliment them on being really nice people. Also, some of the dancers should be in the Olympics. The stuff these girls can do on a pole is insane! The downside to all this, and why I give Tootsie's 3 stars is, at the end of the day this is a strip club. The clientele is sketchy as hell, from the guy in the parking lot, to basically everyone I met inside. Every guy I spoke to was a total creep. Also, I may have gotten lung cancer due to all the second hand smoke. I mean, this place is smokey. Honestly, I don't think I'd ever visit Tootsie's again. It just was not the place for me.
What can I say about Tootsies that hasn't been said before? The best strip club in Miami. The hottest girls, best service and biggest club. A great place to take clients to for a good time, usually this is a nice deal closer. If business went well, this is usually my way of congratulating my clients. The food is amazing, I know who eats at strip clubs? Ever been drunk off your ass and need to sober up? I'm not about to drive to a Mickey D's at 4 am... The wings are off the chain! Girls don't bother you for a tip, and the bottle service is on point. Always, always, get a couple of bottles and head upstairs for a more relaxed experience. Oh and that's not an innuendo.
The world famous Tootsie's Cabaret. Add Tootsie's to the list of things Miami is most famous for: beaches, bad drivers, cortaditos, corrupt politicians and law enforcement, Tootsie's. Let's start with the size of this venue, a two story behemoth with a sports bar in the back. This place caters to all tax brackets. The lower level is where you will find the majority of the customers sitting around the main stage. If you need some more privacy there is a lower level VIP area with an unobstructed view of the main stage. A champagne room and a private dance room are just steps away from your seat. Prices are very reasonable for Miami standards, but if you are looking for the ultimate experience you need to head upstairs to the Next Level VIP. You'll never know who you will run into in the Next Level, it's a who's who of NFL, NBA, and people in the entertainment world. There is no shortage of private rooms upstairs to enhance your good time. While you are upstairs you will come into contact with a glorified floor host, errrrrrrrr, i mean general manager who looks like he's straight out of central casting as a mafia wannabe. This pigeon toed, juiced up gorilla will be blowing cigar smoke in your face all night. This is the biggest knock i have about the place, the staff has really gone downhill over the last couple of years. Let's get to the girls. The roster is always packed with an eclectic mix of girls. Any type you can imagine is here. Latina with a great ass? Check. Blonde with huge tits? Check. Lazy eye with a muffin top and bad tattoos? CHECK!! The majority of the girls aren't too pushy. I would stay away from the Cuban girls who just came into the country. They love to rush and have no manners at all. Disrespectful mutts. Don't worry, there are so many choices here. Let's not forget about the food, solid menu all the way around. Everywhere you look there are tv's. No sporting events will pass you by, that includes all major boxing and UFC PPV's. Music is a nice mix, they keep everyone happy. EDM, hip hop, r&b, rock n roll, pop, etc. The only problem is when the rotund, bespectacled DJ on weekends is doing his poor man's Howard Stern impersonation. Overall, there is no better strip club in South Florida. Girls, alcohol, food, sports....this is the greatest place on earth. GO FOR ME !!!!
Ok. The wings here is GOOD. The girls, they're ok. It's was packed and we found a table. Saw some good pole actions. Didn't feel like we got harassed by the girls, bouncers or servers so that's a plus. Other than that great after hours
Better watch some strip dance in YouTube instead of going here .. In one sentence dirty club, ugly girls and uncouth customers. Better go to scarlet
Great dancers! great food and one surprise was a talented shot girl named Miriam (maybe fake name). She did all types of tricks with the tube, it was soo good I bought 10 that night. I will be back soon.
I must say this Gent's club is On-Point. I like the fact that they have every type of girl for all tastes... All girls are beautiful and friendly. (I have few friends working here). Waitress are super funny and their service is really good. Drinks are pretty affordable and food is quite good! The best part is that the dancers let you be! They are not like other girls at different gent clubs that are on your *** the whole time looking to do some money... I hate that... I can just go get some drinks with friends enjoy the view and chill.. no stress at all.
heaven on earth.........
The wife and I enjoy going to Tootsie's Cabaret about once a month. Usually $8 cover for me (free for my wife). Sometimes we sit at a table in front of the main stage; sometimes we just stand in the back. Always enjoy the romantic, sexy ambience. One great thing is the waitresses are courteous and not pushy. Only downside is the musty odor of smoke in the air, but the ventilation system is good, so our clothes don't usually smell like smoke when we leave. My wife always feels comfortable seeing lots of other wifes and girlfriends in the audience, and the staff are nice and friendly. The clientele is also upscale. The dancers are top-notch. All at least 7's, with lots of 8's and 9's, and some real 10's. My wife brought me here for my birthday last year and helped me select a true "10" for a lap dance on the "Next Level" upstairs. It was $20 each to go up there, but well worth it to enjoy the more intimate setting. The first lap dance was $25, in the private room (where the dancer is required to wear a G-string, but you get to touch her); and the second lap dance was $20 on the sofa in the semi-private area on the regular floor of the Next Level (where the dancer is totally nude, but you can't touch her). It was a great birthday present. We've been back a few times, and always love it.
This is disney world for every perv out there, including myself. I've been coming here since I turned 21 and it's always my go-to spot for a fun night out with my girlfriend and company, also a great dose of T&A. The music is good. The atmosphere is very energetic and alive. It's spacious enough to where you can feel comfortable and not bothered by others. The girls are usually pretty attractive with banging bodies. The service is also good. The DJ is not obnoxious and annoying like at KOD.   Tootsies just doesn't compare to other strip joints. Scarletts is small and the only thing I like about them is the gowns the girls wear, THAT'S ALL! Tootsies is the iisshhhhhhh
This is a fantastic place, there isn't enough room on here to praise it enough.  I have been to strip clubs all over the place but this one is by far one of the best.  The nights and talent here can tend to vary, I have been to Tootsies where I've had the whole place to myself, and other times I have gone and you can barely walk.  On fight nights, or big game nights, I recommend going to the upstairs VIP area to avoid the crowd.  Drinks are cheap, the girls are usually smoking, more of the Latina chonga vibe which I love.  The food is also really good and reasonable, if you are starving, do not hesitate, I recommend the quesadillas.   Tipping, Lap Dances, and champagne rooms are all pretty straight forward.  Although I will mention, if you are going to the champagne room, its $75 downstairs for the room, and $100 upstairs, its almost the same thing unless you want one of the big suites.
Came here for a bachelor party. As we were approaching this tremendous building with an expansive parking lot I thought it was a Costco. But instead of providing wholesale toilet paper and baked beans, it provides wholesale tits and ass. There were 87 girls working that night, according to the DJ as the girls paraded around stage. With that many girls, there's plenty of variety and something for everyone, which is all you can ask for at a strip club. Alcohol prices are  reasonable. Lap dances are the standard $20 or you can pay an extra $5 and go in a private area for a more interesting lap dance (recommended). Don't bother coming here until around 11 pm because before then it's a little slow. After 11, the place is crawling with strippers, most of whom you'll have to flag down if you want a lap dance. The only ones who try to solicit lap dances are the ones you don't want lap dances from. The only strip clubs that trump Tootsie's are the big two in Vegas.
One of the best places in South Florida.  The food is great, they have half priced drinks until 8pm. Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday are in the BIX nights. Huge sports bar and great ladies. The staff is friendly and awesome service!  Oh, did I mention that the place is HUGE! Easly to get lost :-)
Jaw dropppppppppppppppppppppp
Checked out Tootsie's for my friend's joint bachelor/ette. Honestly we were having a great time until we hit the bar. Service couldn't be bothered with patrons and was generally rude. I didn't have high expectations either. They cut my friend off after one drink and no one could seem to get an answer as to why. To top it all off they charged my boyfriend's card $100 when our tab was under $40 with tip. Put a bad taste in my mouth. Ew.
I came to Miami knowing that I would check KOD at some point after hearing it about it from the rachet rappers.  Numerous people recommended going here first.  I will say that I like strip clubs and make it a point to check out the best and indeed Tootsie's did not disappoint.  This is a very nice place with a lot of diverse quality dancers.  I visited on a Friday - there was a heat game on - before KOD and if I had to do it again I probably would have stayed here intend.  Drinks were really good and if you wanted to you could get a massage while you smoke a cigar and watch a show.  Definitely come here.
Tootsie cabaret serves good pasta. In addition to there Alfredo pasta with added chicken with creamy Alfredo blended in with cheese, has a mouth watering taste. It's really inexpensive, I highly recommend that choice for pasta lovers. As many other pasta I've tasted from different restaurants. Tootsies cabaret pasta by far is as comparable to some of the good pasta restaurants around, and there wings as well are very good; if your a wing lover I would recommend that buffalo wings, it bathed in buffalo hot sauce and it tastes very well that's another recommended dish if your not getting pasta. Be aware of the servers they look cute and can be upset or pressuring if not tip at al . Besides that Try it out, you will not regret it.
my favorite strip club in Miami, && they have amazing wings! make sure you order lemon/oil sauce with them because it is amazing! I mean, this place is the best! what more could you ask for other than beers, wings and naked girls ??? one thing I also like is that if your not used to this type of environment they have spacious seating where you can sit back and relax and not be right in front of all the strippers !
I found this place on Yelp and saw all the amazing reviews and had to check this place out for myself. Let me tell you, the reviews dont lie. This is undoubtedly THE BEST strip club i have ever been to. They have a girl for everyone!... i went on a Thursday night and they had to have had 100+ girls working. It was amazinggggg. I wish they had this place by my house. Lap dances were $25. If your not looking to spend a lot of money you can just sit at a table off the main stage and just chill and watch. The service was unbelievable, sercurity guards brought over any girl i asked for. Waitresses were constantly coming around asking if we needed anything and the expereience was fantastic. There was plenty of couples and people of all ages there. This is one of the nicest strip clubs ive ever seen. If your looking for a good night and to see some gorgeous girls, THIS IS YOUR PLACE
Well, I'll say it, I love strip clubs. Before this, I had only ever been to The Dollhouse in Ft. Lauderdale, and that was an experience severely lacking. I had no idea what to expect at Tootsie's because of this, and needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. We had just finished up some wings and drinks at good ol' Flanny's, and since nothing makes a night better than boobs when you're drunk, unanimously decided to head to Tootsie's since it was much closer than Scarlett's. When we arrived, the parking situation wasn't very clear (no visible signs that demarcated the VIP parking area) so we made the mistake of parking in the VIP only to be told by the INCREDIBLY RUDE doorman that VIP parking was $50 (I think--it may have been $40 or $60, but rest assured it was an exorbitant price). So, we had to run back to the car and find a better spot, only a few yards away. No biggie. Outside the door was a HUGE line, but it moved very quickly. The bouncers were sweethearts, they checked my I.D. and gave me a big smile and hoped I had a good time. It's so nice to have pleasant staff. After making it in, I had another pleasant surprise in that I got in free for being female! Score! Cover was $12 for the guys, no biggie. Right off the bat the biggest impression made is the sheer size of this place. Absolutely HUGE and PACKED on a Saturday night. I couldn't help but think of a nightclub instead of a strip joint, except if nightclubs had beautiful women walking around in next to nothing all over the place. Before running to the main stage (a HUGE stage with double poles and a tip rail that allows you to tip every single dancer as she comes around nude after her set) I had to use the bathroom and was again very pleasantly surprised that it was very clean. Finally, the good part: after getting everything done, we sat down at the tip rail and started tipping like crazy--one girl even grabbed my face and knocked me around with her huge breasts, laughing that I was so friendly. I was very happy with almost all the girls, the vast majority were very attractive and top notch physically. Finally, I ended up choosing a girl for a private dance, and my husband and I ended up buying three dances because things got so steamy in there! Waitresses were totally friendly, beer prices weren't out of this world, and although I didn't try the food, I hear their lemon pepper wings are awesome. Overall, I would totally recommend this club and plan on going again. I gave it four stars simply because some of the decor seemed a little outdated, and that one parking attendant was a jerk.
This place is awesome...good food... Great girls... Reasonably priced... Open til 6 am every night .. 12$ cover... 100+ girls every night great chicken wings .. Sports bar in back with pool tables and games ...
Everything was going great until they decided to not bring us out food that we ordered. We waited about an hour before we could finally wave someone down to ask where the food was. They proceeded to tell us that they we're gonna check in the kitchen to see what was going on. We wait another 20 minutes and wave someone else down. We repeat this process 3 more times. The last person we talked to told us the only way they could comp us for the food is if they could find a manger and that I quote  "a manager would be impossible to find right now"   So after about 2 hours, after our group is ready to call it a night we all leave. So you're welcome Tootsies. Enjoy the free money that went into your pocket. That's the last time I'll be going. Oh and I'll be spreading the word.
Obviously as my profile suggests I tend I want to look at the food side of things. This place is a cabaret strip club and sports bar. Surprisingly there is a menu that touts various things from filet mignonette to Maine lobster and burgers and pasta. Lets review the only two things I ate. I wanted to try the calamari but I was persuaded away from the staff ("we're not Italian"), so I settled on potato skins and a side of Mac and Cheese.  The Mac was definitely middle of the ground. It had a cheesiness that makes it seemed baked, but it lacked any other flavor ie salt/seasoning. The potato skins was a safe choice, although it too lacked flavor. I can't really discern what was frozen, but blandness is very persuasive. Note: the bar is standard, and though it has a collection of wells calls and top shelf, it misses other items to round out a bar, like bitters, or ginger beer. Oh, yeah it's a strip club, lots of naked ladies. Naked ladies naked ladies. NoReservations about this place, but I think it could do better.
I was in town for work purposes.  After dinner with colleagues, one of them was going on and on about this place, saying it had 1,000 dancers and it's suppose to be one of the best in Florida.  After hearing all of this, I figured I would tag along with the guys and see what this place is about.  We went on a Monday night.  One guy I was with swore there would be 1,000 girls there.  I was skeptical.  I mean, on a Monday? Why would there by 1,000 girls there on a Monday???? Let me say that there was a good number of girls there.  I can't say there were 1,000 but this place is HUGE so I can see how there could be that many there on a weekend.  And for a Monday night, I didn't see the same girls twice...so there were quite a few. Anyway, all of the girls there were actually nice looking.  Usually in these places, there are a few that make you go HUH?, but not here.  We bought 2 bottles of Hennessy and had a great time.  A few of the guys I was with kept disappearing.  I'm sure they were in the Champagne room.  I may or may not have gone into the Champagne room a few times myself.
By far the biggest Club out here, lots of fun, lots of girls, good food,great staff, .... and great time!!!!
Good times here. Dont have any real complaints only tips (no point intended) the hot wings are a must! Make sure to get the the hot wings cus it gets a little chilly when you make it rain! It is a little far from south beach by the way
This spot is live after hour,hang with the friend and keep the buzz going. the price is a bit high but its all fun and games with your friends.
First of all I love this place. I usually go every other Friday to keep a fresh perspective and to stay close to my money. I love the lap dances and the strippers are very accommodating if you approach them correctly. I love the variety here even though it's short on black women. The girls are super sexy even the bartenders. I always find a woman to fall in love with here. The waitresses provide very good service and keep the drinks coming all the time. I generally like the crowd. I have met very nice people there. Great place to really socialize. Only downside is I always smell like smoke when I leave but this place is a model to follow if you ever want to do a strip club right.
Got in free thanks to Charles Greenberg of NeoNightlife!!!!! I usually don't frequent strip clubs, but I'll probably end up going now that I get complimentary entry from Charles. I went last Saturday for a friend's birthday and the place was packed. Most of the girls were attractive. I wished they would work the poles a little more, or at least try to be more entertaining. Sometimes I'd see the same dance move by each girl on stage.
You have to try the lobster and chicken nachos and lemon pepper wings and yellow rice. Don't forget the crab legs lol. Let's just say the good is delicious and 7 out of 10 times the view isn't so bad either..
I can say this is the best club to go to hands down in South Florida. On the slower nights you'll have anywhere from 60-100 girls, and on the big nights you'll have anywhere from 130-200 girls. The place is huge inside, two floors. There is a little sports bar in the back also. Like 50 Tvs in the whole club. Now the girls. You have all kinds of variety of Latin and white/European girls. Not too many black girls here, though. I can say 98% of all the girls here have a nice body, but only maybe less than half of them are actually cute in the face. A lot of fake boobs and ass here, but you also have a nice range of non surgically enhanced girls here. A lot of girls that work there are out of town so there are always new faces. There are 3 different stages also. Tootsies is the ultimate strip club. It is huge inside, I believe it is a gutted out old BJ's or something along those lines. It's also one of the cheapest clubs to get into. 6 dollars on a regular night, and 10 on a Saturday. Also, before 8pm it's free. Also Ladies get in free at any time.
OK, So maybe this is a confession I SHOULDN'T make, but I was here again last night...  And we ordered food!  (GASP!)  YES, we did.  And it was GOOD!  Double Gasp! Maybe it was the buzz, but those were the BEST wings I've had in a long time.  Way better than Hooters.  We ordered mozzarella sticks that never came (weird?) but it didn't matter.  We had a great time again, as usual.  :)  You know, I fondly refer to this place as the Warehouse of Strippers.  Gotta love those talented pole climbers!
I do not know what it is up bringing the women I date here, but I always come out with a story. We are all sitting at the main stage in this order: guy cousin, girl cousin, my lady friend at the time, and me. Stripper comes down caters to the group of guys next to us before she unleashes her lack of class and skankiness on our group. My cousin got her nether regions violated by the stripper and then my lady friend get her boobed sucked on for a good 20 seconds. Last, I am up and she literally rubber her dirty vajayjay in my hair for another ten seconds. All that for $1. At least, my lady friend and I had a good reason to sanitize in the shower. After that the guys next to us tried to recreate what happen to my lady friend, one guy tried to put a dollar down her shirt till I warned him to stop. Conclusion, most of the girls will do anything for a buck at Tootsie's and I mean just about anything. Lastly, the patrons are mostly ghetto and just not the type of people I would mingle on a daily basis. It is just feels like a brothel at this club where Scarlett's feels like a club with naked girls in the background. Scarlett's is the best strip club in South Florida.
Strip club? um... more like strip ARENA! Seriously, this place is huge! ...but the girls seemed bored. Maybe it was just an off-night, or maybe it's because it was already 4:30am when I got here... but when I go to a strip club, I want to see pole tricks god damnit! ...and only 1 out of the bunch was doing them. :(
I need more than 5 stars, honestly.. This club should be the standard that ALL clubs go by. They have single handedly built what is the BEST club of this nature on the planet. Take a look at all the other 5 star reviews. That should be an indication. The place is massive. I mean it's HUGE! I think it's a gutted out grocery store, or super center or something. They have plenty of space for all your needs. The food is excellent. They have simple fair, like hot dogs, all the way up to steak if you so choose. They have a great main stage where up to 3 girls are on at once earning their tuition lol... The cover is cheap. In fact, it's free before a certain time, and just $6 afterwards. Plus, the drinks weren't all hiked up. I really wish I could just move this place to Houston and shut down the what they consider clubs here. If you find yourself in the Miami area, this is a MUST-SEE destination if you're into this sort of thing.
Nothing like I've ever experienced in my life. I did not know what I was getting myself into my coming to this place. All I knew was that I was an out-of-towner trying to experience the nightlife Miami had to offer. This was without a doubt one of the high points of my trip to Miami. Let's start off by talking about the actual layout of the place: magnificent. The layout reminds me of a theater/some extraordinary venue. This alone is enough to make me want to come back and visit. Whoever was in charge of the construction deserves a raise, or promotion, or even both. The waitresses, bartenders, and overall staff were polite. They make you feel welcome at home (I guess so; they want you to spend that money of yours). But seriously, I had no problem talking to the staff. Now, let's talk about the women. I honestly believe that the definition of "the melting pot" lies here. There are so many beautiful women from different shades and races here it's ridiculous. It's like having 30 different types of ice cream right in your face and having to choose one. How about choosing them all? Overall, my experience was great. I won't go into more detail because many of the Yelp reviewers have nailed the same points that I want to discuss. If adult entertainment is your thing, come here. If not, still come here. You might be surprised.
One of the BEST strip clubs i have ever been to. Apparently south beach does not have any quality strip clubs. Took a cab here and it came out to $40 !!!! But the cab driver gave us free admission cards so it wasn't so bad. But wait it gets better I get in for free because I'm a girl? That has been one of my pet peeves about the strip clubs in nyc they make girls pay. Even if we had to pay admission it's not bad only $10 after 8pm, before 8pm it's $6 then a beer and a drink came out to $13 talk about affordable ! This place is huge and very casual the girls don't harass you and there ALOT of girls. Also you tend to forget how long your in there I was supposed to be there for 2 hours before going to Space and almost spent the whole night there. Ok about the girls yes all different types some did look bored some were entertaining. Pole tricks a plus and there were some good performers that night. Oh Tootsie's i wish we had one in NYC !
You can have a blast here as long as you know what you are getting into. If you sit at the stage be prepared to give a dollar to every dancer that comes by. The good news is that there is a new dancer out on stage every 2-5 minutes so you are bound to see someone you like eventually. They have every body type and look you can think of. Overall the crowd is jovial and just having fun although there are always a few jerks of course. A LOT of couples and women there enjoying themselves which was fun to see. Also a lot of the girls have some crazy tricks they do either on the poles while on stage or while they are coming around collecting dollars up front. Drinks are average price for this kind of establishment and strong. There is also a giant sports bar in the back if you are more looking for wings and football with strip club in the background. Overall I think cabaret is a good description of this place. It looks like a casino and feel like the circus of strip clubs. Great entertainment, great people watching and decent drinks.
Hands-down, my favorite strip club in all of Miami/Ft. Lauderdale area.  (You have to understand, I'm a New Yorker, where we have to damn near sit on our hands in strip clubs in the city.)  The girls here are friendly, aren't pushy, there's a huge selection of women all the time.  I've been dozens of times, and still see new girls every time!   The drinks are definitely strong...not the typical Miami club drink that's all cranberry and NO vodka..friendly staff, bartenders remember your drinks, which is always a nice momento to have...so...stop reading my review and head there for a lap dance!!!
Tootsies is the Disney World of strip clubs. It's a massive warehouse that was converted into a strip club. It has a huge main stage and smaller stages scattered around both downstairs and upstairs. There's a room in the back with pool tables and flat screen TV's that gets packed on fight nights (they show all pay-per-view boxing and UFC events). There are well over 75 girls working at any given time and plenty of cocktail waitresses to bother you...I mean to make sure you have a drink at all times. Tootsies ideal girl is a thin, blonde with a big chest. If that's what your looking for, you will not be disappointed with what you see. If you're like myself and are looking for some curves on a female, your selection will be extremely limited. They do keep it entertaining though. They are constantly pulling people up on stage for one thing or another and out of all the clubs I've been to, Tootsies shows a lot of love to the lady customers. Feel free to bring your girl in if she's bout that life. All in all, I would prefer a smaller strip club with that more personal feel (a la Cheetah Hallandale..R.I.P). But if your from outta town or wanna show someone the biggest strip club they've ever seen, take em to Tootsies and watch they're jaw drop.
Something for everyone into girls, at all strip club price points. Every time I've gone, one girl gets in for free with a male companion, and the waitresses have never been pushy about a drink minimum, even though there is one from what I understand. Don't want to spend a (relatively) lot of money? Go sit a couple tables back from the second stage (behind the raised 1st floor VIP area) and refuse the lap dances while you watch girls warm up / practice for the main stage. Want to feel like a king or lesbian queen? Sit up near the stage, and be free with your money, or pony up for the VIP and bottle service area. The girls seem to have a specific rotation of Warm-up/back area stage, main stage, walk around, and then vip area and walk around upstairs. If you want a lap dance from a girl you like, you might have to wait as she finishes up her duties and depending on whether she likes you or not. I have had girls go straight away to the private area, and other girls who have told me they would be back but never returned (but to be fair, there were other people throwing hundreds at them while I was only offering at most $30-$50 with tip) The girls here run the gamut, both physically and personality wise. I have seen girls who won't even talk to you unless you have a $20 "tip" for walking by you, but also girls who if you talk to them like actual people will give you free lap dances. Also a plus is the waitresses, even if they are a bit chunky for what they wear. They are totally awesome, talkative, remember your name and drinks, are quick to serve and the drinks are cheap (A half night of beer and booze for two people ended up being $60 with tip last time I went, and we are heavy drinkers) Most memorable experience: giving a stripper who leg crawled up the 20' pole like a Cirque du Soleis dancer a $5 tip just for being physically awesome, and she proceeded to thank me by bending over and  visibly showing me how flexible her sphincter was. Literally blew my mind.
Tootsie's Cabaret has got to be the best gentlemens club in South Florida! The drinks are reasonable and the ladies are aggressive - which can either be a good thing or bad thing...that depends on YOU! You will find a variety of beautiful ladies at this club.
Out of all the strip clubs I've visited in south Florida, hands down, this is my favorite one. I've been here numerous times, the most recent being my birthday last year. Every time I've gone has been an absolute blast. The drink specials are awesome, and while I can't personally vouch for the food, it's known to be pretty delicious. I've even brought friends here for their first experience and they always exclaim afterwards that it was the best time they had. My favorite part of the entire establishment is the main stage. The girls at Tootsies are always so much fun, especially if you're a female yourself in attendance. Just pull up a chair and enjoy the show!
This place is dangerous lets just say that. Over the last 7 years this place has been host for many of my friends friends bachelor parties, birthday parties, just because parties etc. it's spacious and the girls are gorgeous. The food is slightly overpriced but pretty good. Bartenders are nice. VIP is top notch. Best club I've been to....it's so good you have to swear it off. I'm never going back bc they take my money lol
What's not to like? Visited here this weekend.  Paid the $6 dollar cover and my buddy and I did an initial walk-thru checking it out.  This place is huge (it was once some sort of warehouse, but now it's a nudie factory masquerading as a theatre of sorts).  We stationed ourselves at one of the stand-up tables in the back, ordered a couple of beers, and watched the talent coming in and out of the lap-dance room in various states of undress.  Great view of the stage from where we were, watching the more acrobatic chicks climb to the top of the poles - maybe their dads are firemen, who knows.  After a few beers we moved over to perverts row, hung out for a few different girls, had plenty of shaved snatch shoved in our face for a quick sniff, then moved headquarters to one of the tables for a few more beers. We stayed for a little less than three hours - a record for me at a strip club - and we exited. The girls range from all different levels of hotness: slutty, catty, playful, borderline shy/wild, you name it.  The waitresses are a bit on the thick side, but not fat, and look cute in their short-shorts hustling drinks - one drink minimum, which I'm sure the rednecks love - there were actually a couple of hicks haggling with the Chinese girl in the reception area who was more interested in watching the Aussie Open than hear them try to finagle something cheaper than the $6 dollar cover - WTF?!?! Told my buddy when he gets married we are having his bachelor party at Cleopatra's Barge.   This is why strip clubs in New Jersey suck donkey.  Even in puritanical Massachusetts we are allowed to mix full snatch with a full bar.  Get with it!
Went here to celebrate my brothers bday. It was koo. I like the fact that the woman are very respectful. They don't mess with you unless you want to be messed with. When the guys were trying to buy the girls a dance if the girls didn't want it they respected that. I like that because they are not hustling in your face unless you want them to be. Ad since I am not into the whole lap dance thing or the a naked woman in my face I appreciated that the girls respected that. In addition, they were very pleasant always said thank you and very polite. I ordered the chicken wings (lemon and pepper) and I must admit it was delicious. No complaints here. I didn't expect them to be good and I wasn't going to order but when its 2 in the morning and your hubby is still partying you have to take one for the team so I did. THey were not bad especially considering the time I ordered them. Overall I had a great time. I saw some talented dancers and some not so talented dancers but it was fun to drink and talk smack with the boys. It was a good. I have to say it one more time because it really caught me by surprise. I thought the woman here would be all over your man or all over other woman to try to make that money but it is not like that. It is very chill. I mean of course if you ask them to they will do their thing but it's not like they are all over you hustling you. I liked that a lot.
ONE-STOP SHOP!!! You can get it ALL at Tootsies: Good entertainment, good drinks & good food!! I'm used to going to the strip clubs in the hood (Take One, Rolex, etc.) so coming to Tootsies for the first time was a shock to me - in a VERY good way. Here there's ALL types of women (but not many black girls :/), a diverse crowd, and a good mix of music. I find that on Tuesday nights they play the most Hip-Hop music so it's my favorite night to go. Security is TIGHT so if they notice anyone (male or female) acting a FOOL they WILL escort them out. The staff is very professional and the waitresses (for the most part) are fun and friendly. Tootsies is HUGE so there's plenty of space to move around in and LOTS of seating. TV's everywhere and 2 stages in the main room and one upstairs in VIP (where the couches and the LADIES are a lot nicer looking!!) ;)  Oh, and there's a room in the back with a bar, regular and high-top tables, a game area, and pool tables. The drinks are roughly around $10 - $12 and (some) of the food is a bit pricey but its consistently GOOD so it's well worth it. DAILY Happy Hour 2/1 drinks until 8pm and on Sunday afternoons (at least during football season) they have a $1 menu with ALL your favorite bar foods!! They also have daily lunch specials. Free parking- HUGE ass parking lot- Valet also available. BE AWARE when using your credit/debit card. I know if you open a tab they hold a certain amount of money $50 - $100++ (depending on your bill) and those funds are usually held for about 2-4 days (depending on your bank) BUT there's been a few times I've "paid as I drank" and still found funds being held on my account. SO if you wanna avoid frustration or bounced checks, I suggest you pay CA$H!!
Would not go here
Very Big. Prices are average. Waitresses friendly. Masseuses did a good job on my friend's neck and shoulders for $35. He was pleasantly surprised. 'Talent' is average looking, though friendly and not overbearing. No harassment from any bathroom attendants either. Dance is the standard $20, but a private room dance is $25. Do not do the private room dance unless you want to be exposed to the very shady netherworld of strip clubs. Without going into detail, I do mean shady. This place is about 20 minutes from South Beach which will run maybe $44+tip for a cab. 4 out of 6 of us got free entry for buying bottle service. Basic bottle service ends up working out to $14 per drink after tax and tip, which is pretty decent for the VIP experience. Definitely worth paying to sit in VIP section for our small bachelor party. This place isn't the best in the world, but we had fun.
One of the biggest strip club I've ever been to. Girls here are prettier compared to the other strip clubs in south Florida. Drinks are cheap especially on Mondays because they got ITB ( in the biz), on other days, it is quite reasonable because the bartenders make the drinks pretty strong, makes sense, when you get tipsy, you tip more! :-) Parking is big, so you would always find a spot. This place is ideal for big groups and couples as well, or just girls who wanna have fun! Will definitely come back!
Best adult club in south florida. They have great food and good drink values.  Best bottle prices in the city.
this place is more of an amusement park than anything else. There was some very entertaining members on the stage as well as in "the seats" overall very fun, and funny. There were a lot of women visiting this establishment as well, and I don't mean the ones working. The talent level on the stage (looks wise) could have been better, but it's still a blast and I will be back!
Well there's no need to say it but I'll say it anyways - place is huge. Nothing like your typical neighborhood strip club around town. I went on a week night and there must have been 100 girls. Although the place is big, if you go middle of the week, there's a lot of wasted floor space. The good - dancers are good looking (always a plus). Of course not all of them, but if I had to give an average, I'd say about a 7 (with a few 9's and 10's thrown in). I like that the dancers don't hound you for a dollar after they get off stage. Ironically, this makes me wonder how these poor girls make any money. I'm sure the really hot ones do well but unless they can get guys to buy private dances, I don't see how they make any money. Most of the hot girls get tips as they strut the catwalk on their final dance, but I saw some girls who didn't get so much as a dollar for their dance. On that note, I also like that the waitresses don't harass you to buy drinks every 2 minutes. They make themselves available, constantly walking by the tables and if you want a drink all you have to do is make eye contact. The bad - Funny thing about the girls not running around the club begging for tips is that unlike the waitresses, they really don't make themselves available, so if you see a girl that you want to get to know a little better, you better grab her while she's on stage because you probably won't see her around the club. I don't know where they disappear to, but I saw a couple of girls on stage that I would have loved to get into a private room, but I never saw them around after their dance. All in all, the place is pretty cool. If you're balling on a budget and you want to just grab a few drinks and check out some nice asses, you don't have to spend much; unlike other places where you can't walk out spending less than 100 bucks and the chicks aren't even that great. Of course, you can't really have much fun at a strip club on a budget so whatever. I give it 3 stars but had the girls been more accessible, I would have gave it 4.
This place is the closest thing Miami gets to a legal brothel. I agree with what another poster said The Disney Land of Strip clubs. You can have a lot of fun there. You can have fun with even 50.00 to 100.00 i went for a bachelor party. Was out of control poppin bottles and everything, private rooms. women are like playboy models. all races! Size of walmart lol.
First of all this place i huge!!  They have tons of girls and they range from all different types, so there is something for everyone.  Though there were a lot of HOT girls, there were a few in there that were questionable.  I mean come on seriously, if i wanted cottage cheese with ass.......well i would never want cottage cheese with my ass, but you get the point.  That is the only reason im giving it 4 stars.   We were there with for a bachelor party and we got a VIP room for just us.  The good thing about VIP room is that we had at least 3-4 girls to ourselves giving us a hell of a show.  We also had a great host and whatever you wanted we just told him and he got it for us.  If you wanted to enjoy the view outside you could, but we mostly stayed in and around our VIP Room.  The only bad thing about those rooms is that they are kinda out of the way and we didn't feel like all the girls made it our way. Lap dances are cheap and well worth it, you can do much more than regular strip clubs and all the girls are willing!! Overall it was a great experience, but be prepared to spend a ton of money.
Best strip club I've been too place is hopping happy hour from noon to 8 free admission heinikens are 3 dollars a piece can't go wrong with that everyone needs to stop in fine looking ladies great booze great atmosphere all around EVERYONE GO!!!
This place is huge!  The main stage has a stripper pole that's gotta be like 30 ft tall.  One of the dancers climbed to the top and did some crazy ass tricks and i was so impressed!  That's talent right there! Most of the dancers were good looking and not pregnant. :)  Some were a little too aggressive, looking for your singles, being real skanky while looking bored at the same time. I get it, you hate your job but suck it up and pretend to enjoy  yourself so that i may want to give you my single.  Overall a good club.
This is an all around club. Good to chill and watch some sexy girls.  My waitress Mel is always great on getting me drinks and food quickly. Though they don't have plenty of beautiful black entertainers they do offer plenty of Latin ones. The drinks are pricey but their Happy Hour is unbeatable. Free entrance and half off drinks. Can't beat that!
This establishment, if you can even call it that, has the most unattractive women working. You would be better off going to a circus than this joint. On top of that, the staff, waitress, bartenders, are unfriendly and rudest people I have ever met.
Really cool place. Nice girls on stage and a lot of hot guys just sitting around! Also a big place for everyone, they have some pool tables and a nice calm spot for people who just wanna chill.
All I can say is wow. This place had every type of girl in the world in here. Thought I was in a music video. A lot of couples hanging out also. Drinks not to badly priced. Great thing is they had food after your night was done. Great wings.
If you're look for something specific, you'll find it here.
The place is huge and they have Enough girls there to satisfy. Don't knock the daytime shift. They have winners there also. The best happy hour in town. The blonde bartender was very hot and had an awesome body. She gave me good.......service! Try the lemon Pepper wings. They. Are good
Tootsies is not without flaws, but I could not justify anything less than a 5 star rating. First off, there is an endless concrete parking lot, and close spots are usually easy to find.  So easy that I do not know anything about the valet located at the entrance.  Looks convenient, but I go to tootsies to spend my money on the girls. The door is often guarded by Alex, one of the best bouncers you'll find in any club in America.  Inside, you'll find that the cover is only $10 on the weekends.  Tootsies has an "In the Biz" that you can join with your local hospitality pay stub and $10.  That gets you in free Sunday-Tuesday, and most drinks are $3 at the "In the Biz" bar on those days.  Military get in free with an ID and I'm not sure who else. The base level of Tootsies is massive.  There are probably 80 tables arranged in a semi circle around the main stage.  The main stage has two tall poles, and there is a small lowered catwalk along the perimeter of the stage where three naked girls work the crowd.  A small railing separates these girls from the audience who sit in chairs at a bar top built along the inside.  The music is loud and the women are very naked.   The girl on the main stage will go through three songs, progressively undressing to nude before moving down to the catwalk.  Each time a girl rotates onto the catwalk, one leaves, and many girls on the catwalk will let you rub their ass for a dollar.  I think that's a fair exchange.  Look, I know she doesn't love me, I just want to appreciate her physical beauty.  Why else would I go to a strip club? Well I'm "In the Biz" so I go often just to chill with friends and watch the game with great music, cheap drinks, and naked women in the background.  There are lower level VIP tables on a raised section about 30 feet from the main stage.  I've only hung out over there once and I just felt really far from the action.  There's another bar and another pole after you pass the VIP tables, but the pole is only in use on the weekends.  I'm trying to get to the game room.  Through a set of double doors is the sports bar.  There are a ton of tables and big screens to watch fights and games.  Another bar and plenty of tables keep this area busy on the weekends. "In the Biz" is cool and so is VIP, but where you want to be is The Next Level.  I guess it usually costs $20 to get a wristband that allows you upstairs, but the girls are worth it.  If you're going to spend enough money to get a bottle, my recommendation is to ask for a table on the next level against the glass railing.  These are truly the best seats in the house.  The couches are comfortable and the view of the main stage is perfect.  There are tables and a bar placed farther back from the railing, but these only give you a few of the girl who is dancing on the VIP pole.   I suppose the best seats are really by the wall upstairs, because those guys always have a few of the strippers huddled around them, but I've not yet had the luxury of that experience. Lap dances are I think $25, and massages are only $15.  I really rarely get lap dances because I prefer the massage.  I've never gone into the "champagne rooms" but I have heard only good things.  The music is loud, and the regular DJ plays an entertaining mix that most of the girls seem to enjoy.  One thing that surprises me about such a prestigious Miami club is that at least a few of the girls appear to have no sense of rhythm.  But an equal number of girls crawl up the pole like they were born on it, so I am never upset for long. Since Tootsies is so big and has so many different kinds of girls, it attracts a lot of "normal girls."    Not only are they great to see in the audience, but often you'll be lucky enough to see them give out tips.   The dancers themselves are mostly "hot," but there are so many girls that some of them are just not my personal taste.  However, I can't remember going there and thinking one of the dancers was gross.  The waitresses are not always all attractive, but a lot of them are sexy enough that you'll wish they danced. Overall it's one of the best strip clubs I've ever been to.  I'm a little biased because it's less than fifteen minutes from my house, but between the size, the girls, the prices, and the hospitality, Tootsies is hard to beat.
Best happy hour strip club in my area. They always offer drinks specials and the Lemmon pepper wings are awesome! I sometimes come to pick up some wings for lunch. The places gets super packed it can get annoying. Some dancers are good some look like they don't even want to be there but people go the hype mood in the air.
I love this place...
Pretty solid strip club.  Things can get a little pricey since you basically need to buy a bottle for premium seating/viewing, but Tootsie's makes up for it with medium-to-high quality strippers, an impressive 3-story stripper pole, and the right amount of stripper "traffic" circulating the tables, making it easy to find what you are looking for.  Highly recommend for a bachelor party, as our group (who had highly varied interests going in) was able to successfully find strippers of diverse dimensions, allowing us to leave satisfied and with more than enough $1 bills left over for the taxi ride home.
It's a cool place To hang out The food is great And the bartender we had her name was sweet tea She was so cool pow!
Well what can I say about this place except I love it! Ive been to a couple of strip clubs but none of them compare to Tootsies. First of all girls get in free and guys only pay $10 for cover it does not get better than that. The inside is huge there are 2 stages and the girls rotate from one stage to another so you always have someone different to look at. The decor is very nice, and so is the environment. The absolute best part about this place is the amazing music!! The DJ always kills it, you don't know how many songs I've shazamed and downloaded thanks to the DJ in this place. This is why it gets 5 stars. I can't comment on the food, the drinks are reasonably priced, and the girls are fantastic! A lot of beautiful girls, some who can't dance blahh, but others that are extremely entertaining and there are so many of them that you never get bored. Overall this place is great, amazing music, pretty girls, and very nice environment. Highly recommend!!
Well let me start off by saying this is a pretty shnazy place. Really its not that bad its big nice decor pool tables ok music you know. The down fall though is is your looking to see attractive thick chicks this is the wrong spot. Not saying the girls are ill gross ugly there is only a hand full thats ok and there all wayyyyyy to thin. I do have to say though the drinks where mighty tasty and there was this one striper that really worked the long pole with her tricks (no homo) lol. Over all its a decent place it wasnt my first and it won't be the last.
Tootsie... Where so I start... I just wasn't feeling it here. Been to many strip clubs and this one really had nothing for me. Ifelt as if I was in a sports bar rather than in a Strip Club. The Bartenders were prettier than the dancers and much more deserved my tip than the shape-less dancers that I seen. I've been told that on a good night Tootsies is the spot but at this point I'll just reserve my dollars for the girls over at King of Diamonds.
Good place for happy hour, tons of girls, first strip club in miami I think resembles Las Vegas. If your a butt person your in heaven if your a breast person don'y hold your breathe
Hands down, the best adult club in Miami.
Great place. From the very nice woman at the front taking your cover to the beautiful ladies working the pole, everyone usually has a smile for you. It's not a bad place to hang out with a couple friends, watch whatever sporting event and enjoy naked women.
I come here for the wings cause they are so damn good. Its an ok strip club. The girls don't dance they just walk around like zombies but like I said i go for the wings.
The place is huge and the drinks are priced accordingly to strip joints. That being said, there were 137 women working last Friday night. Of those 137 about 25 were really hot and deserved to be strippers, the rest were pretty bad. I mean I know everyone has their own taste but to see as many overweight naked women with cellulite, stretch marks and pimples on the ass was way too difficult for me. I don't go to gentleman's clubs to see girls with rolls on top of the rolls they already have on their stomach. God it was just plain awful! The women we were with were a million times better looking and in shape than the girls working there. I think I'll save the money next time and get a porno!
By FAR the best strip club I've been to. I mean, sheesh, it's an old BJ's warehouse converted into a strip club with as many women as the eye can see. These women know how to work, have great personalities and really earn that dollar. I went here for my bachelor party and needless to say my drunk ass ended up on stage (they put on a little "show" for bachelors on stage. I wont get into the specifics, but it was one for the ages lol) Its full nude and you can drink.
The walmart of strip clubs lol basically its huge, drinks are decent, go in with a guy and ladies get in free.
Good place to take a group of friends (including girls).   Price can go as high as you'd like, lol.
Be careful. You might end up hangin with a bunch of Indians looking at Van Goo paintings.
Best place for bachelor parties in Miami 20 mins from sobe
Went here for a bachelor party a couple months ago and had mixed feelings. We got a bachelor party package, but it absolutely wasn't worth the extra money spent. We were in a "private" room, however nothing was private about it at all.  The room actually just made our experience less enjoyable.  There was no view of ANY stage from it, and barely any girls would come back to it.  If we stayed back there all night I definitely would have left a 1-star rating, but once we left the room, our night got much better!  They had a lot of pretty girls, and the dances were very reasonably priced. To sum it all up, don't waste your money on any party package because you can have a much better time and spend way less money just going in as a normal patron and checking out the main floor.
Date night in Miami. Actually double dating and as a tourist. I think there is a good Miami feel to the club. 6 dollar entrance fee and 1 girl per group is free, good for saving your cash. The girls are local or selected for local tastes. Not creepy. I bet some of these people are actually here watching sports. 3 gin and tonics were 22 bucks. the place seemed pretty clean and the girls were nice. I'd never been to a strip club before and it turned out to be a lot of fun.  I also really like how florida bars stay open super late. I think we ended up leaving at 4:30.
Love it! Great place to go with friends or just having a drink with a nice view. Don't waste your time trying anywhere else! Been to all the other clubs and was always disappointed. Always a great time here.  :)
Great place, not easy to find seat due to over crowded, would come back again but in an earlier time.
easily one of the best cabaret's in Florida. cheap to get it, clean and nice atmosphere. Most of the girls look real good and there are plenty of them ;) Prices are what you'd expect from an upscale strip club.
