Going to the Clevelander in Miami is to me the equivalent of visiting the Empire State Building in NY.  You just have to do it.  It is the stereotypical tourist trap. It is a beach bar where girls get crazy and guys go wild.  This is where you come to make a memory that only you and the ones with you will remember past tonight. What happens at the Clevelander stays at the Clevelander. A few tips from my Orange Bowl Weekend adventure in Miami: The Clevelander pool is filthy. If you actually ever stay at the hotel, I hope you NEVER swim in there. The amount of beer and alcohol and trash that flies in that pool is pretty nasty.  I saw what they were throwing into it... If there is hot girl at the bar, dressed to kill, and looking perfect, assume she is a predator out to take your money because she is. And you are just drunk enough and feeling stupid enough to believe you are about to have a crazy lucky night out with a hot good girl. You will ,as one victim did, end up leaving with you paying the bill, now holding her bag as she feels you up and more than likely feels your wallet right off you. SMH. And if you are a woman, don't wear a white t-shirt in the winter.  It gets hot and humid enough to rain in Miami often. So assume that t-shirt will turn you into the only wet t-shirt contest girl in the club. Then that attention you thought you wanted might just turn on you. It has a great outdoor bar with a live show playing, either band or DJ.  It is usually decently packed with tourists.   And remember beer goggles happen here often so enjoy the sexiness of the night while it lasts....
Came here mid-day because I was staying on South Beach and wanted the whole experience. I got wasted! Where I'm from, a double means you double the volume of the entire drink, but apparently in Miami it just means you double the amount of alcohol and take out some of the other stuff. Lesson learned. We snacked on appetizers and sat listening to the DJ and feeling like we were in a reality TV show or a Will Smith music video.
The most fun you're going to have on Spring Break is right here. I went to South Beach with six friends from college for Spring Break (March 8 - 13) of 2010. On our first night we headed to the strip to find a good place to experience Spring Break South Beach style. What we found was The Clevelander.. this place is, for some reason, the ONLY fully outdoor bar/club on the entire strip or in the South Beach area that we could find, but it has everything you need. What drew us in was a massive crowd out on the sidewalk, the pumping music, GREAT DJ, fabulous 'Miami' look and a lot of people dancing. I don't know about non-Spring Break times at The Clevelander, but during the week we were there they had a huge black dance floor covering the pool area in front of the stage, and it was absolutely PACKED from around 10PM right through to 5AM. Most places where I'm from (Boston) are absolutely no comparison to The Clevelander, and the male-to-female ratio was actually 50-50, or maybe even higher with 60% females.. something very hard to find generally. We tried some other clubs as well, including Mango's and Mansion, but The Clevelander is where we ended up night after night. This place was absolutely jam packed right from Monday night through Saturday night, so that goes to show how great of a place it is. Happy hour (4-7pm) prices are half priced beers and drinks, and even after happy hour the prices were still the cheapest on the strip, with $7.50 Bud Light bottles and $8.00 Cranberry Vodkas, to give a general idea. I am planning on going back to SoBe in May and really hope The Clevelander will have the dance floor again. If not, or if this place only covers the pool with a dance floor for Spring Break, well, it'll be a bummer.. mainly because this place has the potential to be the best dance club in South Beach.. by a longshot. No cover (if you get there after 10PMish on Friday or Saturday you're going to pay a $10-20 cover), great music, reasonable prices, great staff who treat you with great respect. Check it out.
My boyfriend had been here before and liked the atmosphere and therefore decided to try it again. The hostess was very attentive that without any mention of wanting to be moved once it started drizzling she had already food us another table. The waiter was quick and efficient and had made some very good recommendations (adding pepper lack cheese to my chicken wrap). All in all an excellent experience for a Friday night in south beach.
This place is always a party. Great drinks, great music, great view. Easy to get to. A fun place to check out when you're in your beach clothes and don't have a place to change. You can't take a drink on to the sidewalk, they have cops that patrol so be careful where you're stepping. Check out the rooftop bar!!
Love the pina colada in this place.  The burgers wasn't bad either.
Although I don't remember a thing about coming here, the friend that filled me in says it's pretty fun. And from strolling by the spot in the daylight the next day, it definitely looks like a good time. So although my memory is lost, I know we had a great time that night. All outdoors, fun lights, music, drinks and food. No dancing apparently but we danced anyway. Great location, right across the beach so you can stumble over for a skinny dip if you so please.
Some people state this place is a tourist trap, which is probably true, but my fiancée and I had a great time here. It was walking distance from our hotel so we didn't need to take a cab after getting a bit tipsy. My fiancé said the piña colada she had was perfect!
Good times  always drive up the review ratings, right?  Sure, I'll go with it... Landed at the Clevelander by accident, as we were strolling down the ever-crazy Ocean drive scene on a recent Friday night; had live music, a wacky entertainer on stilts, dance floor over the pool, and lots of spread-out patio fun.  Crowd, as we saw once the night 'matured', was a mish-mash of couples out for fun to the 6' 10" transvestite with his as-tall date...South Beach ahoy! We parked at a cocktail table near the wait station (recommend for quick turn around, btw) and commenced the pepole-watching.  I think the entire Jersey Shore was here, based on my observations.  In fact, in one of the memorable exchanges of the weekend, one fellow, festooned with what I believe to be the largest gold chain I had every seen, red workout attire and the accent to boot, needed a wad of our napkins to stop the bleeding on his hand.  We couldn't resist finding out what was up, turns out, someone on the street on a bike actually tried to take the chain from him, which resulted in said chain-festooned guy laying him out on the sidewalk right next to the Clevelander.  He was concerned that his wife would find out he was there with friends, and he provided us with this advice: "I've been married 20 years...if you don't listen to your wife, fuggehdaboutit."   That was the crown jewel.  Oh, was I reviewing something? Fun for all...give it a whirl.
This place was really fun, we had some great drinks and great food. A little pricey but you are paying for the experience. It's basically like a club outside. I went there one evening after my wife and I were on a cruise and we had a great time. Caveat: we went in the afternoon, and it was really awesome. We went again later in the evening (around 10pm) and it was really dead. Seems like this place is definitely the most hopping in the mid to late afternoons when everyone from the beach heads over.
C-Level! Rooftop!! Great Music (Deep Therapy)! Lounge Chairs! Fun People!!! I had sooo much fun hanging out here on a Friday night with some friends. The view is beautiful, pretty sure its breathtaking during the day :) Spent the most time upstairs on the roof but did get a chance to party a little on the main floor, which is also open aired! (Sigh). Good times! I shall return!
Awesome bar, great people watching and nice outdoor area right on Ocean Drive. Good mix of tourists/cruise ship types and locals...
The worst restaurant customer service I've ever encountered ;(!!! Took 1 hr hr to receive appetizers only after I repeatedly asked for them , waitress did not put in entire order & blamed cook for not having them ready, waitress did not fill our waters & did not check on us, she would not look us in the eyes when we asked where our food,drinks , & check was! Manager was not much better at customer service. The happy hour menu was lame with a small selection & not many good deals. Ill never eat here again & I don't recommend this place!
Great outdoor bar hang out. Good bar food as well.  Order the $100 Mojito to share!
Service was fast. DJ played fun dance music. There were TVs to watch the Sunday night football game. We were too late for food, but the menu had some tasty looking tacos on it. We would've stayed longer but we were starving. Bucket o beers was relatively cheap for South Beach ($30 for 6). I would recommend this place, and I would go back.
Trendy overprice bar  6.50 for domestic beer and 7.50 for import,  good people watching they add gratuity to your bill even for one beer. It's ocean drive so it's expected.  Service was ok. Server not friendly. I left after one beer, I know it on Ocean Drive but its definitely a lets take as much money as we can from the tourist.
Being remodeled...but open on and off.  Mainly for tourists of the spring breaker type.  Not the ultra lounge/club atmosphere.  But it still can be a fun place.  Outdoor pool is gone.  Harder to find a local here, unless they were too inebriated to know where they were at. Maybe with renovations it will regain its hype.
How do you go to Miami Beach and not stop by this joint?  It's a staple and although we were there at 8pm on Fourth of July evening - it was jumping (as always!!)
I'll admit it, I'm very biased about this place. It was a great time for me because the two times I was there it was the beginning of my vacation, the drinks were strong, the crowd was gorgeous (but, that's stating the painfully obvious), cute and friendly guys made sure I didn't have to pay for too many of those strong drinks. And when I was down to maybe 1.5 sips and 3 ice-cubes I spilled my mojito all over the table and myself and the bartender gave me another one, no charge. Plus there's a pool which also doubles as a dance floor. Most of the club is outside (the patio, deck and balcony accound for almost all the floor space besides the bathroom) this lets you really enjoy the wonderful weather. I absolutely love the Clevelander and I still have my take-home cup form 4 years ago!
This place is tight. No line and lot of people. Its all outdoor. They have a pool and of course its closed at night, but once a girl fell in.
The Clevelander. Hmmm....where do I begin. Tourist trap? Yes. Slushy drinks? Yes. Fun music? Yes. Good place to start the night? Yes. This is the type of place you go to in Miami Beach if you are visiting from Cleveland, OH. And that's OK! Because there's a little bit of everything for everyone in Miami. We started our night out here after dinner, and it set the mood off in a good way. A few slushy drinks (Rum Runner, frozen margarita, etc) later we were good to go! And this is definitely not the type of place you want to stay all night; otherwise you might end up being one of those fools on the elevated dance floor dancing to Ice Ice Baby. If you're looking for a fun touristy place to start the evening, this is your place, especially if you're with people whom have never been to Miami Beach before.
We wanted to stay at this hotel because of the hip & cool vibe: right on Ocean Ave, popular bar and pool that attracts the public, and live music every night. We picked a "back lot" room because at the moment, that's what they had available with a king bed, slightly more expensive than a standard room. Also, we were able to check in early (around 10:30 am) which was really nice because we had just gotten off of the cruise ship and needed to nap. The room was in the back building, somewhat detached from the main hotel and right next to the housekeeping headquarters. Very LOUD during our nap time because they were very busy, going in and out, talking in the hall, slamming the door, etc. Since the hallway and room had linoleum floors, sound is not absorbed at all. It really sounded like they were in the room. Also, there was a constant deep humming sound as if we were also right next to the air conditioning center for the hotel. In short, stay away from room 417 if you are sensitive to sound. The rooms in the main part of the hotel seem quieter when walking down the hall (carpet). Luckily, the nice front desk guy was very helpful with changing our room. Unfortunately, the rest of the hotel was completely full. Nothing available. However they had a suite in their sister hotel, The Essex house, which is right behind the hotel on Collins Ave. We decided to try it. This suite was very quiet and nicely decorated. Large, sofa, jacuzzi bath tub, refrigerator...I highly recommend this room. We really wanted to check out the bar at the hotel, but we were so comfortable that we ended up staying in the room that night watching Animal Planet.
I ended my Saturday night there as well as Tuesday. It was cracking till 5am. I don't really remember much, from either night but that's all a good thing. I do remember dancing on stage, letting loose and having a good  time. Most of the clubs I went to in Miami were a little bit more high class...but hey this place was awesome. No cover charge, no line at the entrance and just a cool place. The party is outside, I think there's a sports bar inside. Ooh and the bathrooms were cool
Last time I was in south beach this place was under construction so we didn't get to check this place out. Now that its finished WOW!! Got a tour from a friend of a friend who works in the kitchen and was blown away by everything this place has to offer. Food was sooo good. Didn't stay at the hotel but it looked grade A. Great music!! Had a drink called skittles which taste just like the candy, nice. Will defianly be back here shall I return to Miami.
Check into our hotel at 13th & Ocean at 10 pm. Get dressed and the group of us are out the door by 11 pm. So, where's the nearest bar? That made us sound desperate, well more like desperate alcoholics, haha. But I promise, we just wanted to get the party started as soon as possible. ;) Anyway, The Clevelander ended up being the verrrry first stop of our whole trip- we thought it looked cool, being there was no roof and all. The music was good (current pop and hip hop jams), but the drinks were wayyyy overpriced. I was not a fan.  (Welcome to Miami, I suppose.) The cool part? The DJ was spinning his sets on a stage in front of a large pool with a bridge going across it. Oh, and there was a pretty good light show going on there, too. I ended up coming here another night while I was in South Beach, you know, when some of my friends decided to check out the ghetto club across the street. Will I come back the next time I visit Miami? Sure, but I'd make sure I was good and drunk first. Not spending $11 for my Belvedere and 7 again, thankyouverymuch.
Helpful staff, Great General Manager! Party around the clock in style.... If you are looking for an active vacation full of action, stay in this hotel...
Totally a blast to watch a game! Decent prices for Miami, contests, body paint and great music! Ultimate party headquarters!
Had an awesome time here the only problem was that it rained the night I went. The drinks are pricey but worth it, the location you can't beat. I will be back!
Outside free party if you get there early enough. Drinks are decent and you never know what you are going to see.
Good music, drinks were good. Ordered three tacos for $12.00, not that good for the price. Very small tacos. Very packed, girls dancing, and walking on stilts. I would go again.
I've been going to The Clevelander for 10 years and this trip was my best yet.  Their renovations look great! The service was very friendly and accommodating.  Their dancers, DJ, dance floor and staff kept the mood high.  We ate their in the day and partied at night.  I ordered a cobb salad which wasn't cheap but what do you want for Ocean Dr.? The service was great, and I would surely go back. Be warned: In Miami, the tip is always included.  So just beware of that.
Peter Sheppard helped us set up a FANTASTIC party at The Clevelander. We had 55 people all together from around the world, and we needed a central place to party and relax.  One guest from Germany who has an office in Miami Beach said that he has been to The Clevelander "many, many times" and never had this much fun.  Maybe we just have a fun group?  I will definitely make plans to come back to The Clevelander.  Thanks, Peter!
Although most spots on Ocean should be avoided like the plague, not so for The Clevelander! I have been here many times, both before and after the renovation. It's the perfect spot to come and cool off during a trip to the beach, to pre-game before nightclubbing (not that I would know what THAT'S about!) and to watch sports. My most recent visit, on Saturday, was fantastic. I parked it in the sports bar and binge watched college football for about 7 hours! It was like a trip to Disney; I didn't know where to look! The other patrons inside were lively but not obnoxious... I was a bit worried about a table of Mizzou fans when Indiana pulled off an improbable win with one minute to go, but they did a few consolation shots and moved on. Since it was POURING when we arrived, most of the TVs were out but the manager came around to each table to explain what happened and that all sports channels would be up as soon as the satellite could connect. They even switched the audio from the FSU game to the Miami game when requested. Alex, our server, did a great job despite the crowds. The food was surprisingly good (don't miss the soft pretzles!)  and a pitcher of light American beer was $18. Not bad! As a bonus, there was a decided spring break like atmosphere outside, complete with the Clevelander's own Twerking Team! Good lord, I had no idea that buttocks could move independently of both the body and each other!
if this is the first time you are going to Miami. This is the place for you! Everyone here is a tourist. Good music, toursty scene, decent vibe. Should not be missed by Tourist!!
Its poppin any time of day LITERALLY...I went before the beach early in the afternoon (10am)....and later that night around 3am...its the place to be good music, food, and most important DRINKS!
Let me tell you a few reasons why I am taking two stars away from the Clevelander.  It isn't often that I update and downgrade reviews, but the Clevelander has simply gone downhill since I first went there a few years ago.  There are still a few pro's, including the fact that they are centrally located in the middle of Ocean Drive and they typically play great tunes ranging from 80's to Tiesto.  Other than that, there are several areas of concern: 1.) The happy hour prices aren't that enticing and the selection is limited these days.  For example, no longer can you get about 6 beers for $2 each- options mostly consist of blended cocktails for around $6-8.  Especially if you are a tourist, I'd strongly suggest going to somewhere on Lincoln Road for much better happy hour specials.   2.) They used to have a Brazilian Carnival act on Fridays that was phenomenal.  As a local, it's something I wanted to take my mom to when she visited from the other side of the country.  I called in two times on the second week of October to confirm if they were scheduled to have it, and I received an affirmative response.  We showed up at 8pm to get good seats for the 9pm show.  I asked the waitress and busser when it would start, and they confirmed a later time of 11pm.  After waiting 4 hours, we finally left at 12pm since the manger stated that the show wouldn't happen.  There's no way I would have spent four hours of my time here if I would have known that the show wasn't going to happen.  Disappointing! 3.) The service has also gone downhill.  Waitresses are busy staring into the distance with their backs turned to you while they collect an automatic 18% gratuity on your check.  There was a day were free shots were also given during happy hour, but those days are gone. So, sure they play good music and have a great location, but you can find much better happy hour specials (e.g. Yardhouse), service, and fun times elsewhere if you look.  Take it from a local!!!!
I give this place 2.5 stars We walked by this place and stopped in. There was no cover and these random guys straight from Italy would not leave us alone. There is a small dance floor and the rest of the area - people are just standing and drinking and talking. This place was a pitstop before Mansion. Nothing really memorable about this spot. You have a few drinks if you choose to have some - it's essentially an outside bar with music. But then again - everything in South Beach is outside and all blast music. Posted photos
Great entertainment in the evenings!
I like the scene of this place on Friday night--- basically an outside dance club with lots of colored lights flashing around. Grabbed dinner with my girlfriends  and was able to eat at one of the tables on the sidewalk-- great people watching spot. Food itself was mediocre--- usual bar food. The DJ played good music, but was changing the song too frequently. It was like he was trying to do power hour with the songs, playing each song for one minute before switching onto the next. Oh and I hate that there isn't that much room to walk between the bar and pool on the way to the bathroom--- have too many drinks and girls teetering in their heels, and someone's bound to fall in. Went up to the rooftop bar afterwards for drinks, which was alright, but super windy. And there are no real views of anything from the rooftop.
On one of our first nights in SoBe, my gf and I were walking down Ocean drive looking for a nice spot to start off the night. We passed by the Clevelander and we noticed the nice outdoor area. The music seemed good, and the line didn't seem long. We decided to walk in. I don't know if there was supposed to be a cover or not but the bouncer was busy so he didn't even see us go in. Oh well, it worked in our favor, lol. We only stayed in the outdoor area.. it's fairly large and has a couple of bars. Since it wasn't too late (I think around 11pm), some people were still eating. Drinks weren't too bad... i think I paid $13 for a beer and a drink and I got served very quickly.  Atmosphere was really good around this time.. alot of people dancing and others just sitting and talking. Overall a pretty chill spot. I didn't stay at the Clevelander so I can't comment on the rooms. The outdoor bar area was really fun - definitely worth a stop.
This is my favorite place on Ocean.  Right across the street from the beach and the pool side bars are right outside the door.  I love the breakfast burritos from this place.  They also have happy hour every day which is like $5 dollar apps and half price drinks.  This isn't a 5 star hotel so come here not expecting that and you will be fine.  I usually get an ocean view room and it is fantastic.  The rooms are kept very clean and the housekeeping comes around every day.  I am giving it a 4/5 because I feel the rooms are a tad on the small side.  Other than that everything about this place is great.  You're in the middle of everything and its just conveniently located.
Came here for bachelor party night 2. Loved the ambiance and atmosphere. Wild crowds on the dance floor, big projector screen with music videos, and people living it up with cocktails in their hands! Real Miami. They played a variety of music and the bass was BUMPIN' especially for an outdoor club. We paid $10 entrance fee for guys and quickly hopped into the bar. Dude...drinks are super expensive. 2 coronas costed $22.00 (that is a cardinal sin). We milked it for awhile before leaving the club!! Met a lot of people that night. Confidence takes you very far in life and the people there were really nice. I'd definitely be back there again...after a hard pregame ;)
Review is for the outdoor nightlife only, experienced on a Friday night. This place was probably the most loudest and poppin' looking place on this strip (Ocean St.). There was no cover and we got a table along the wall near the inside bar with all the flat tvs. If you can withstand the SoBe humid a$$ weather, then you will enjoy this place. I had a decent time but the humid weather and the constant sweating like Shaquille O'neal was definitely NOT pleasant. It was pretty packed and the music was pretty good. People were mingling and dancing wherever they could. The drinks weren't too strong but I was impressed that they offered one of my favorite Pinot Grigio brands which is Santa Margherita. We ended up ordering two bottles for $55 each. The crowd was pretty mixed and ranged from young to old. Going to the bathroom was somewhat of a mission, walking through all the people and watch your step, don't fall into the pool like a fool. It was a nice chilled out spot, but I probably won't go back because I don't want to sweat like the way I did again. If the weather is better and not so humid, then I wouldn't mind chillin' here (outdoors) like that again.
This is where you go after a day at the beach and you can stay untl 4am
Drinks are a little pricey but Hay it's south beach! Me & some friends were there on a Saturday early evening the music was jumping, the ambiance was crazy fun. We had a blast & will be back again great staff made you feel welcomed!
When in Miami Beach, you've got to stop by this place.  I've been here twice and both times, I've had a ton of fun.  It's outdoor so you'll be in the heat but you'll forget it once you're having fun.   There are tables and chairs scattered around the pool area so if you need to sit, you can.   No cover charge!
All I can say (or remember) is WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Went during happy hour, ordered two Miami Vice drinks with an extra shot in each (awesome).  Food was also on happy hour prices.  I got the sliders and my gf ordered the wings with fries.  It. Was. A. Blast. There's a mist spray fan so you're not too hot.  Pool, stage, DJ, loud music (good music), and drinking (duh).  Very live and popping.  Best time to go, 4 pm to 7 pm, Fridays. Food was great, our server from Australia was awesome, drinks were good, nothing to complain about!  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Stopped in here because we heard the music and it was outdoors.  We were only planning on hanging out here for a few minutes but we were having too much fun so we stayed the whole night! The music was good and everyone was having a great time. The best part was we were in beach attire so we were comfy.  Tip: tips are already included in drink prices so that's why they seem pricey!
The music blasting up and down the strip caught our attention so me and my girls had to check it out coming out of Mango's Cafe. The good thing that friday night was the breeze otherwise it would have been so humid and uncomfortable without AC. It was crowded but the DJ was spinning awesome music so we had such a blast dancing our assets off! I like the fact that there were a lot of seating areas around the stage and by the bar, I think every club needs that, not the one you have to pay for... We definitely would come back here rather than some over hyped clubs that you have to stand in line for hours only to find that you can't get in cuz one of your girls ain't hot. It's one of the least superficial club. Thank you!
Loud, touristy and still kinda fun.   Great people watching on Miami Beach with a young crowd.  Expensive, but I wasn't surprised by that.  I think that when I was in my 20's this would have been the best place ever, but even in my 40's it still is ok.
My favorite spot for Sunday afternoons. Could drown on a pool of their coconut mojito.
5 stars for the drinks and 1 for the food. We saw 5 girls walking by with this HUGE cup with 5 straws of frozen mixed drinks. We asked them and they directed straight over. The big cup was $100, but if you have 5 people or more to share it with then it is sooo worth it. The whole week they had a live DJ (WMC week) and drink specials. The entire feel of this place is great because it is so "miami". There was not a night or day that I didnt see this place full of people.  I had a good time drinking and listening to music. The place is very big and has a long bar that leads to a pool. I ordered the fish tacos and I was so dissapointed. I was upset because I was really looking forward to good food. Not only did I wait 45 minutes to get my food but all of our food was cold and bland. The fish tacos had no sauce and needed salt and the steak ones were extrememly over cooked. (almost tasted like food was in microwave before served) Do come here for drinks and a live party but I dont recommend eating here.. or if you do eat here dont expect anything special.
Great place! It's a party scene with good food. Kinda pricey, but I would go again if I was ever back in Miami!
Yes, it's a tourist trap, but I would fall into that pool trap one million times more.   Cocktails are fair, but you should order a couple of beers or a margarita and enjoy the views. Live music every once in a while that makes a big difference and truly boost the night.
Only went to the bar at night, but it was the only place really busy on a Monday and Tuesday night in April. The drinks were good, not too expensive and the waitresses were quick and nice. The music was pretty good as well and the DJ seemed to get everyone to the elevated dance floor between the bars. On the second night, I had a late dinner of caesar salad and fish tacos, which were nothing to brag about. It was bar food. Otherwise, it seemed like a real cool place to go if I had been down in Miami during the weekend and nicer weather. Also a quick note, those Clevelander mugs that you get, you can take them home with you, don't be fooled!
This place is awesome!!  I've never had a bad time; if you're visiting Miami or even a local just looking for a night out, Clevelander is what's up.  I've never paid a cover, but even if you do, its not more than 10 bucks maybe.  There is live music and a couple of different floors with different themes.  I've never had any trouble finding a dance partner or meeting people and the crowd is always upscale!  Since I starting writing this I have convinced myself that it's been too long since I've been there.  See you this weekend!
Management Failure... We (party of 6) were sat down quickly at two round hightops on a Sunday night.  Against the advertised policy,  service was not exceptional and management needs a sit down.   We ordered drinks first.  Me: "I will have a seasonal beer"... Waitress: "we are out"... Me: "I will have a landshark" ... Waitress: "we are out"...Me: "how about a Kona Big Wave?"  ... Waitress: "we are out"... Me: "What do you have?"... Waitress: " just draft selections."  I ended up with a Shock Top for my first drink.  Second drink I asked for a draft Angry Orchard. .. yep you guessed it ... Waitress: "we are out."  You might as well shut the doors if you have only budlight.  Totally unacceptable for one of the nation's top nightclub destinations.   Food was surprisingly good here.  The burger I ordered was excellent,  but it took to long too come out.  I order wings as an appatizer, and those never came until we asked about them... they eventually came after the bill was given.  When the bill came, I wasn't billed for them, but I was billed for two burgers at $18 a piece.  We had to ask for that to be corrected.   When you advertise that gratuity is included with exceptional service no exceptions and fail to put controls in place, then you fail as a manager.   Please train the staff to talk to you and then come over and at least appologize for inadequate service.   Every place has an off night, and being that the food was very good at the Clevelanderror (gotta love auto typing... it gave me the error added), I'd consider coming back.
Yes, I'm a Miami girl.  Born and raised.  So why had I not once had a full experience at The Clevelander?  Guess I always thought it was just a tourist trap, so I didn't pay it much attention. My mistake. Went on a Friday.  Really enjoyed my night there, let me tell you!  I think it was our server - she was soooo great!  Don't know why I didn't catch her name but I'll try to find out.  She was awesome.  Friendly, accommodating, made great suggestions, not pushy or rushy. I ordered a Caipirinha.  Delicious!  Of course, I continued ordering those for the duration of our dinner.  Food was standard fare: satisfying and filling.  It served it's purpose as a soaker-up for "teh" alcohol.  I wanted a burger but by the time I would've added BACON (mmm) and cheese, the burger would've been $20.  Yeah, that's not gonna happen.  But my chicken wrap was "only" $14.  :-/ The music was pumping but it wasn't anything that drowned out conversation.  We were seated on the sidewalk out front, so couldn't see what was happening on the stage but folks seemed to enjoy whatever it was.  On the other hand, our seats were perfect for regular people watching. The Clevelander won me over.  Prices are okay for South Beach and it's a chill spot, a nice place to kick back and relax.  I'll be back....for Happy Hour.  ;-)
I went to Miami for the first time in October of 2009.  The location of the Clevelander is dead center the strip on South Beach. You can't go wrong staying here.  The rooms are very small, but good for 2 people.  The front desk people were extremely nice and helpful.  I don't want to sound like an old fogey because South Beach is a party scene, but when you do want to go to bed at 4am...people are slamming doors, screaming, blasting music till 7am...had to buy ear plugs.  This place is pricy as is every spot on South Beach...but I recommend the Clevelander.
we went to the outside bar part for drinks only so I can't comment on the food.  We were there on a Friday and there was a $20 cover for guys and no cover for girls (yet).  They start to implement the cover for everyone whenever it gets busy enough to warrant it which from a business standpoint is fair but not too many people see it that way.   Our bartender (Roberta maybe?) was great and explained how the drinks work there.  they don't serve doubles but add a little more for $3 more.  Weird, I've never heard this practice in my life but it worked out.  They also auto-grat every tab because of the foreigner-heavy clientele, I guess everyone was getting tired of getting stiffed so now gratuity is included in this and pretty much every bar and restaurant in South Beach.  We tipped on top of that as well, she was worth the extra cash.   The audience is mostly young and the music is typical EDM music that pretty much everyone plays on that block.  This was one of the only options for a "club/ bar" on Ocean Drive without going to a hotel lobby bar which all looked deserted on the inside during this time. We went in to support the Bike Week event and was glad we did, will be back!
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE The Clevelander!  When I come to Miami, I am always here for lunch or dinner or the afterparty.  The music they play here is amazing.  It is in a perfect location on Ocean Dr. and you will be on the scene while over here.  The food is great.  The chicken avocado wrap is my favorite here.  It is so light and refreshing.  It goes perfect with their Miami Vice drink.  They even have happy hour during the day here. Bottoms Up! They have really good fries here (the sweet potato fries are the best)!  The service here is impeccable.  The waiters are always recommending different drinks to try and they make sure your glass is never empty without placing another order for you.   They also have really good salads here.  You can't beat this popular spot.  Pool...check.  Awesome DJ...check.  Live Bands....check.  Bar...check.  Dance floor....check. Great food...check.  Across the street from the beach....check.  I can keep going, but you get the picture.   I don't think I'd ever stay at this hotel just because the party never stops here and I do like to get a few hours of sleep each day to keep me energized.  However, I won't be too far from this place since it is the most fun spot on Ocean Dr. to me.
My friend and I had a good time at the Clevelander this past weekend. The live music on Saturday night wasn't that great, but the music they played after the performances was good - today's hits. It's right on South Beach making it a great people watching spot. A lot of tourists stop by here and you get to know some great people from all over. The staff/bar tenders are extremely friendly and very professional.
Drinks are pricey, crowded, but the location and atmosphere is what you really pay for. Nice outdoor area although it's crowded it's spacious with plenty of bars. Would come back but for happy hour only which is only offered on the weekdays.
This place is crowded from mid afternoon until whatever early morning hour when they close.  It's a frat party by a pool atmosphere, people seemed dressed up a bit and in the mood to mingle.  The outdoor area is huge, so you can really feel like you're in Miami with the warm ocean air all around you. One warning - prepare to drop a lot of cash on your visit here.  There was no cover on Thursday night, but from our seats at the bar, we saw some astronomical bar tabs being rung up.
Every time I visit Miami Beach I end up here. The servers are good, the food is good, the drinks are good and overall the place is alot of fun. I like the fact its outdoors and the vibe is energetic. Its Touristy but hey Im a tourist. Love Miami Beach!
Went for my birthday Sept 2014, Cool vibe, kind staff, and its near all of the good restaurants.
Yeah, The Clevelander usually has a cheesy tourist crowd but you know what? You're in South Beach.  Embrace the cheese!   This is a fun spot to sit and have a drinks and people watch. Make your drink extra strong for a buck more.  Worth it.
Everything is awesome at clevelanders! I mean everything! Drinks, Service, etc..... Has been one of my favorite places on Miami Beach! Can't beat this place! I was last here back In January!!!! There is one hell of a pool party going on everyday and night here!-until next time......
Wow, Clevelander you know how to have a good time.  And on a Monday no less*.   To me, this place is pretty much exactly what you'd expect it to be.  When I first arrived, I thought it looked like a lot of fun and it did not disappoint.  I'd say make this your last stop of the night when you're a few drinks in and all you want to do is dance. *Obviously, I can't vouch for what it's like on a weekend (probably sh*tstorm crazy) but for a Monday in July, it was a blast!
Every time we're in Miami, we hit the Clevelander. Awesome place to have a few drinks, a burger and watch some interesting people walk by. Mojitos are fantastic, try adding some of the fruity rum to it. Raspberry was really good, watermelon was good too. Burgers are amazing, American cheese and bacon all the way. Onion rings with the chipolte aioli was delicious! We've only gone for lunch, so I don't know how it is for dinner or basically anything after 1:00pm. They do serve breakfast!
Had an amazing time with my Best friend in the Rockstar suite... Pitcher of Pina Coladas.. amazing.. Room Service Roof top Amazing.. Room and views were amazing but I prob wont stay in the rockstar suite again ... It was not the partying till 4am it was the power washing on the street next door at 7am that killed it...
The drinks are pricey but really everything is pricey in the beach so that's fine. If people really have a problem with the drink prices they should pre-game or go elsewhere. The bar food is decent but what really makes this place awesome is ofcourse you are in the heart of ocean drive music's blasting, sometimes big name dj's play here, awesome lighting and of course sexy miami people all around. It's a must go atleast once place for tourists to dance the night away. Very few things scream Miami like the Clevelander.
This review is for the bars in the Clevelander because I didn't stay at the hotel. The sports bar is good for watching sports, but who goes to Ocean Drive to watch sports. The best thing to do here is grab a drink from the bar and keep moving. The pool bar is crowded, congested and doesn't look like much fun at all. I avoided it because it seemed to perfectly capture the negative side of Ocean Drive. The rooftop bar is the best of the three. It has nice layout, friendly service, great views and it isn't too crowded since only guests of the hotel (and the Essex next door) can get in. Membership has its privileges. Have fun. G
Don't book a room there unless you can sleep through anything. This place is as loud as it gets, specially the 'pool rooms'. The rooms are not all that good and the service is mediocre. The pros: - Location - Great roof-tops
Good wings. Great drinks. The waitress had on booty shorts but it works for her so I'm ok with it. Did a shot pineapple bomb and it was delicious. Also had peach Ciroc lemonade and wow it was delicious and refreshing. I liked the wings but didn't love them. They could use a little more variety when it comes to flavors. Great place I'd go back.
Our limo driver suggested this place and it was pretty decent. After leaving the previous very expensive bar, we came here for some drinks and dancing.  It was a much better option.  It was a decent evening in Miami and we spent it outdoors. The music was good, the crowd was pleasant and the drinks were not that expensive. $10 cover.  Not sure if that's just Saturday nights or always.  Either way, not so bad for what you're getting. It's touristy sure but what the heck, I was on vacation.
As a tourist in Miami, this place was great.  Love the atmosphere, had a great time dancing outside with my girls, great music, etc.  Sadly ,the drinks are pretty expensive, but it's on Ocean Drive so...that's expected.  Apparently there is a bar inside and upstairs that I didn't go to but the outdoor area is totally worth visiting if you're new to Miami and want to enjoy the weather!
Love this place!!! Can't wait to go back in 2015!! You just can't bring outside drinks in but they have really good drinks. They have a pool but they close it in the evening, my sis and I went September 2014.
I'm an afternoon saloon person and I always like stopping here for a drink or two. Any place on South Beach is going to be very pricey, and they're going to include the tip with the bill regardless of whether you're in a small or large group. So, I won't dilute this review with the ever-popular "this place is very pricey" sentiments. On my most recent trip, I sat down at one of the outdoor bars and Aleks was my bar-server. She was terrific. She made me aware of the different types of drinks, food specials, internet coupon deals and events going on at the Clevelander, and she provided me with a little background on the whole South Beach vibe. I travel down from Fort Lauderdale, and visit about four to five times a year, so I'm semi-familiar with South Beach. I had a couple of drinks, and Aleks engaged me in conversation, which I enjoyed. But, the afternoon D.J. turned up the music midway through my conversation with Aleks, so at times I only saw her mouth moving and just nodded as if I could hear what she was saying. I didn't have the heart to ask her to repeat herself. I'll always return to the Clevelander because it's one of two or three places to comfortably people-watch as folks make their way up and down the strip.
one word CLEVELANDER!!! yeah! my favorite bar the the Ocean Drive!!!!! music is awesome, C-LEVEL super cool!!!!! happy hour rocks!!! very cool and professional staff!!!! be cool and stay cool!
This is a bar that literally brings the party to you! They have the music playing, people in the pool, people on the dance floor, it's like a large party within the bar. We went here one night instead . The most fun I've ever had in my life ! The drinks are great &the servers are polite and cool .
Party, Drink, Party, Drink and repeat.  This is what you do at the Clevelander.  If you are looking to relax or sleep make sure to pick a different hotel.   This place is all about staying up late and playing loud music.  We had a blast while spending (4) days there for the Eagles game.  A lot of the rooms face the main bar and roof top deck.  They music plays loud until 5am and if you are a light sleeper you will not be happy.  The pool was closed during our trip (december 11).  They had installed a dance floor over the pool and I was totally ok with that.   Thankfully we had a few drink specials since we were traveling with the Greenlegion.com.  With that said the drinks are pricey so make sure you have a lot of $$.  The drink we drank the most of was the Raging Bull.  It comes out of the frozen drink machine and they put an extra test tube shot in it.  It normally costs $16.75 but at happy hour thats just under $9 which was worth it.
Now that I spent $150 and didn't get a buzz or a satisfying meal, I believe all the bad reviews. Adding a gratuity is the only way the servers make any money because if we could tip based on their performance, they would all be broke. This place is no good and there are plenty of great bars and restaurants on the beach you can spend your money. Food: plain, service: horrible, drinks: expensive and weak! That is why you get one star from this local
Very pricey. Not into seeing topless girls (body paint competition) while I am eating my burger. Food was okay. The waitress we had was very spacey and kept forgetting to get things. Staff over all is very attentive.
This review is for the outdoor bar... You can't beat live entertainment, there are usually bands playing and it really gets you into the party mood...it's a great place to catch a couple drinks and take in some of the free, live entertainment before you go off to party the night away.
I enjoy this spot for day-drinking.  All different sorts of people are here and they usually have something cool going on. When I went I ordered a bucket of beers and watched a crazy dance contest on the stage. It was well worth it!
Day drinking and partying? Come here. Can get busy and service can lag, but if you are with a good crew of people then this place can be a blast. Chicks in bikinis, decent bites to eat, and non-stop music. The crowd is diverse.
Pretty cool to have a drink outside. Music was good. Cocktail were really not good (tried margarita and mojito). On top of that if you really want to taste some alcohol you need to add $2... What a joke! The service was not good...
Awesome Hotel! Definitely aimed for the younger crowd. It really reminded me of spring break again being that the hotel surrounds itself around the pool/bar/lounge/ which parties all day into the morning. I figured something was up when they gave us complimentary earplugs on our bedside.
The most lively place on sobe the weekend I came.  Come here for a drink, great music, dancing, and people watching.  I ordered a steamed Maine lobster for $18, which was decent.
I grew up in Miami and go back often, yet I haven't managed to go to The Clevelander until recently. I was in Miami with a group of girlfriends celebrating a bachelorette party and the staff at The Clevelander were fantastic (especially Brian - he was super accommodating). They made sure we got to sit exactly where we wanted - and we were a party of 8. What a fun place to spend an afternoon. We went on a Sunday, so there were a few DJs that entertained us throughout the afternoon and a body painting show that lasted a couple hours - at least. They didn't have any drink specials, so be prepared to spend South Beach dollars, but the atmosphere is very chill. Everyone shows up in their swimsuits, ready to enjoy the nicely-sized pool which shares a large stage right in front of the DJ booth. The bars are conveniently located all around the pool area and near the sidewalk, so you don't have to be in the middle of the crowds if you don't want to be. The food dishes are reasonably priced for the portions - they are quite large actually. Between all of us, we tried the spinach dip, calamari, fish tacos, sliders, chicken tenders, sweet potato fries, and marg  pizza - with no complaints. Everyone was thrilled with their meal. I HIGHLY recommend the mojitos too! Seriously delicious. If you find yourself enjoying a South Beach weekend, definitely make this one of your stops.
The Clevelander is a great place to people watch & LOVE my favorite bartender of all time...Melissa!! She always has smile on her face and gives the BEST service!! : ) Good Times!!!!
Not much to say about the Clevelander except that its freaking awesome! I always make it to this spot whenever I find myself on South Beach at night. The scene is great: beautiful people everywhere, music pumping, drinks pouring (expensive I might add), the best terrace view on Ocean Drive, and, of course the best beach in the world only footsteps from the exit of the club. My only recommendation is that if you're not into loud, obnoxious 25-30 somethings "YOLOing" after the fun has subsided, DO NOT STAY HERE! This place is not for the faint of heart, "sometimes I like to party" people--your feelings will be hurt and your sleep will be seldom. BUT if you're the opposite to what I just spoke of, then this is definitely the place for you and YOU WILL have a blast!
LETS SEE! First time in Miami we chose The Clevelander, two nights Tuesday and Wednesday. Its the perfect place throughout the week because although the beach may not be as live as it is on the weekends, its always entertainment at The Clevelander. -Friendly staff upon arrival -We were able to check in early -We received drinks called "Miami Vice"!  Although it was only about 11am I needed a drink and this was right on time! -Our room was upgraded at no charge, to poolside view -Access to the hotel behind (Essex house/hotel) -Very secure CONS -No fridge or microwave in the room -If you come here to actually sleep, you're wasting your money! The party and live DJ goes till about 4:30am. They do provide earplugs! -No complimentary breakfast, just water & coffee -The restaurant/food is very overpriced, but they have happy hour (half off) from 4pm-7pm The late night staff was nothing like when we arrived, at a certain time they have security post out front and check-ids for access in. They were rude and unfriendly. The highlight was being called prostitutes! We couldn't bring outside drinks in so we stood on the sidewalk (corner) just people watching and enjoying the entertainment, while we finished. During this multiple people came up to us making small talk and being friendly. As we finished and tried to go into the pool/entertainment area the security told us not to be offended but they had just said thru the radio that they assumed we were prostitutes! Excuse me?! Overall, The Clevelander offers a decent stay, convenience,and entertainment. Would I stay here again, maybe. For the rates, I believe you could also find somewhere cheaper and just as nice.
had my bachelor party in Miami and the best part was the Clevelander's Saturday party. Got there around 3-4pm and had one of the most amazing bartenders, Melisa! drinks were great music was great staff was great couldn't have asked for a better time. Thank you Clevelander and thank you Melisa!
We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon. No cover (thank god!), and it was happening. As soon as you walk in, there's a bar immediately to the right and we ordered shots. Damn, those were good. The bartender was really nice, and the guests that were in that area were extremely friendly and offered to take our pics while we drank. Our group moved to another spot where there was a portable bar serving beer and more drinks. Then we befriended a group of foreign guys who offered even more drinks to us since they had a table. We eventually made our way to the pool area and soaked our feet in the water as the show began. That day we were lucky enough to watch some of the performers and special guests, Chippendales. Yup, they were there, and boy did they put on a good tease(r) mini show. We noticed that they had a table and a couple of the girls made their way to their table and low and behold got us comped tickets for that night's Chippendale show. HOLLA!!! The performers/dancers all around Clevelander were awesome. The music was pumping and we were all dancing. What a scene! We had a great time, and expect tons of people. It's on the main street (Ocean Drive) with tons of tourists. It's worth a stop if you're in the area! Oh and the foreigners can be a bit aggressive and touchy so be very defensive and upfront about personal space. However, if you like that kinda stuff, you may get more free drinks! HA!
The exact opposite of all things classy. I won't say much about this place... Since I don't have anything nice to say... Besides the view of the city from up on the roof top. But who can even enjoy that when sloppy drunks are knocking into you and screaming "I'm in Miami bitch!". Another trashy Ocean ave. bar for the people that come to Miami, and leave their dignity at home.
Manager named Edgar treats patrons like jailer. I went with my fiancé, I took a seat for her to be more comfortable due to the long walk in the South Beach and I offered her a chair in the open area and he came with another security guy to tell me I had to return the seat to its place. He made me feel miserable by the way he approached to us. Especially being tourists from South America and having experienced the best face of Miami. Then we went dancing and my girlfriend put her purse on the floor to move and dance with me and Edgar showed up again making us feel even more uncomfortable by mentioning to my future wife that he would through her bag to the trash!!!!!!!!!We decided to leave the place due to the unnecessary rudeness of this jailer named Edgar. The rest of the staff were really great. IF YOU WANT TO SPEND A GREAT TIME WITH YOUR BELOVED ONE, AVOID THIS PLACE... Dont know what people Edgar is used to deal with, but he would have to be trained on how to deal with customers!!! Its a pity that the place is great, but because of people like Edgar we had to leave...
Came here for some Miami fun with family visiting from out of town. Needless to say, this place is always a party and they enjoyed it ! Want to first mention that Sharrod, our server, was awesome ! Very friendly and gave great recommendations ! He was fast in delivering our drinks and food. My boyfriend and I shared the huge Pear Berry drink and it was delicious !!! We added the extra shots for $2 more :) We also shared the shrimp and they were really good too. Colossal sized shrimp and Sharrod brought us this special sauce from the kitchen that was amazing ! We also got Ribs and a chicken caesar salad. Everything was great ! Even the entertainment ! They had a twerk contest and it really got the crowd going and was so fun to watch. Giving a round of applause to the women who went up there. Definitely a fun time ! Thanks Clevelander and also for your service, Sharrod !
I didn't really like the food too much here, the fries were ok, but my burger wasn't that memorable; which is why I only gave 4 stars.  But most people don't go for the food, they go for the parties and atmosphere.  And I was there on a Monday, and it was karaoke night. The host was a little cheesy, but at least he was funny.  The band "Higher Ground" was on point.  I have never seen karaoke with a live band...it was awesome. Be prepare however, it is LOUD!!!  The drinks are good also. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because parking was a little sucky, and my food was blah.  The waitresses are attractive though, so if you go with your wife or girlfriend, keep your eyes on your fries...litterally
I had a great time at Clevelander; my buddy did as well.  We got here at about 1am and stayed until 4am.  This is definitely prime-time on a Saturday night, and we really just waltzed right in after waiting on a short line.  There was a cover, but it was small; especially compared to the large in-land clubs in South Beach (especially when you are only two guys).  I had coronas all night, but my buddy was hooked on their mojitos, which came with a full sugar-cane in each drink.  It was pretty cool.  The place has multiple bars, a pool, and a stage area with a DJ, lights, and dancing.  The people were really pretty, and the time was unfettered.  People were doing whatever they wanted.  The crowd had a mix between toursits, locals, europeans, hip-hoppers, after-workers and just visiters; the age quotient was also all over place.  It became hard for me to tell who was 25 and who was 45 in this place (another perk of Miami).  The music was my only sticking point here; especially considering the party was touted as a Brazillian Carnivale theme.  I would have liked to hear some authentic music, a blended fusion between authentic music, dance music, US pop music, and also some trance music thrown in.  I was dying to hear some trance music, and it never came on the horn.  The music really stayed focused on modern hip-hip and hip-hop classics, which is always appreciated but one-dimensional.  Other than that, the time was fun, interesting, and capturing.  It is a wonderful alternative to spending a lot of money, buying bottles and tables, and dealing with the pretense at the major clubs (most of which are Manhattan brands with a South Beach location).  This is a localized South Beach experience, and you should come and give it a try.
The rooftop is lovely and I like the different colors at the water fountain. View is nice but of nothing really special. The space is quite small but has decent music playing. No one dances on the rooftop which is unfortunate.
On the strip great location and if you do happy hour on the side walk it's half off beers and appetizers. Calimari is salty but the wings are awesome.
Great place to watch Sunday football on the beach.   The food is great and there is always a waitress near your table.
Went on a Friday mid-day, great party atmosphere. Drinks are pricey with added-ons  but great service and cool mix crowd of people having a good time.
Went here on a Saturday night to meet with some other people.  The lack of a line and ease with which we snagged a table makes the Clevelander a great location and starting off point for the night.   Having just moved here from Cleveland, however, I am not sure what makes this place the Clevelander.  It kind of has a diner theme going, which makes it something like Cleveland with all its diners.  Also, it has TVs, which seem to be an ubiquitous fixture in the Cleveland bar scene.  The TVs are slightly distracting, but not to the point of obnoxiousness.   There's a dance area out back, near the pool.  I suppose that is a liability and a bonus on most nights.
The best place I have been to that is a bar slash club slash carnival show. I got in pretty early 4pm and started having a few drinks with my cousin, time flew by due to all the activities and shows they put on. The DJ was the greatest and we all had an amazing time. They start charging after 9 or so. The service sucked ass, but the experience was the best. all over Miami the service is the worst. Food takes 3 days to get, the bars try to over charge you. etc...
I cannot stress enough how much I loved this place. It wasn't until after my group stopped here that we read up on it and saw how popular it is- with tourists, celebrities, etc. We ate out on the street and enjoyed the scene of everything. You have to be ready for people to be walking right by you and cars near you as well- something some of my group were not expecting in Miami. The rest of the restaurant and club inside looks amazing. The water and lights and music made us really feel like we were on vacation and having a good time. We all ordered the frozen drinks that they display proudly- well worth it, even though they were very expensive ($11 for a small drink). Tables around us were doing the tubes of beer but we each started with one frozen drink and were buzzed. Our group tried the Clevelander Colada, The Raging Bull and Mickey's Rum Runner, all great options. We didn't opt for anything fancy as far as food- split many appetizers. The coconut shrimp were delicious, and the wings were pretty tasty as well. It was a fun time here, and if you want to feel like you're at the 'in' place, The Clevelander is a must.
This place is an institution in the South Beach places for the cool kids to be when ya wanna look like a cool kid. With a outdoor bar, pool, stage, dance stage, and lounge area, Clevelander is a very cool place to hang in both the daytime and night-time. Just walk outside it on Ocean Drive... if ya like what ya see, go inside.  Boom Bam Done.
This place is almost a must visit when going to South Beach.  The atmosphere is incredible, and the service is fast and friendly (not all that common in SoBe).  The prices are very reasonable while the portion size is generous.  Highly, highly, highly recommend!
Pregnant women from Canada dancing on tables....brides-to-be making out out with total strangers....sketchy men letting you take photos with their pet snakes....girls crying in the bathroom....open-air bar...pool side dancing....Warren G on the loudspeakers...new friends from Australia who will friend you on Instagram... The Clevelander is not one of the places I would frequent back home, but in Miami, it gets two thumbs up from me. The people watching and soundtrack for people watching is amazing. I wholeheartedly recommend this place for a casual and fun night out. No pretension, just good old-fashioned fun.
The Clevelander is a classic tourist trap.  The quintessential SOBE watering dump with crappy daquiries and annoying tourists.  Oh yeah, don't forget the annoying bar tenders and waitressess that are constantly harassing you to drink more or leave.   Skip this joint unless you have some out-of-towners with you.  It's just not worth it.
This may be a fun place to party, but is a NOISY place to stay. Each room comes with complimentary (and useless) ear plugs. Party here, but sleep somewhere else.
This place is so fun and affordable! Went to dinner with friends and shared a mojito goblet and chicken ceaser wrap, nothing great, but good enough! The atmosphere is exciting and vibrant. Great outdoor place in Miami Beach. I'll def come back here!!
What you've read about the Clevelander being a tourist trap is pretty true, but that's precisely the point. You go there, get yourself a Mojito, and watch the drunken tourists make complete fools of themselves. Then go hit some other bars on Ocean or Collins. Last time I was there, some dude who looked like Corey Glover, the lead singer of Living Colour, complete with long dreads and body suit, was the only one dancing to a rather decent cover band. Yeah, that kind of tourist-making-a-fool-of-himself kind of place.
There is no reason to go anywhere else. Period!!! So stop wasting time deciding where to go and get into The Clevelander
We had the margarita pizza here for lunch and it was delicious. For only $15 we got a pizza the size of our menu so it was a great value. It's a party atmosphere, so it's kind of a turn off when your not there to party. There were people at the bar rubbing on each other drunk out of their minds at 1pm which isn't a good look for the restaurant. It's a good thing the food here was great!
Amateur place. Can't tell if it's a bro bar, club, or something else. My group dropped several k and then they wouldn't let us back in after a cigarette on the street. "The bracelets are just to keep track of people, you have to pay again to get back in". Generally ok if you're into a douchy atmosphere, but there are plenty of other better places in South Beach.
What can I say it's South Beach!
We actually stumbled upon The Clevelander, while walking around Miami. We definitely wanted to have a drink and why not stop at a bar with outdoor bars and a pool?! We were happy we stopped there! We sat down and had The Clevander wings with sauce on the side, they were DELICIOUS! All the drinks we had were amazing, I would recommend the peach mojito!
We came early on a Thursday night and had  great time! LOTS of dancing involved and since we were early, (around 9:30pm) we managed to grab seats. Our server was extremely helpful and checked up on us consistently, even when the place got more crowded. No cover charge!
Great spot on the beach.  It's a bit pricy but the food was a lot better then I expected.  There are also some tasty mixed drinks. I suggest the Miami Vice with a rum floater.   Beware the chicken nachos are huge don't be brave and try to tackle it solo lest you be in a food comp the rest of the night.
It was OK. It was a Sunday night so it was a bit slow. My only complaint is the servers. They seem lazy and they're in no rush to bring the drinks you order.
Every night is a party,  and both the main (ground floor) bar,  or the rooftop is a good time with great music and fun entertainment. Drinks can get pricey so make sure you pre-game.
Was there the other day. Sat at bar alone. Melisa was Bartending. Took the time to talk to me even though she seemed busy. Introduced me to a few regulars. I ended up having a great time!! She rocks!!
Great service the front desk and staff were very helpful I couldn't ask for more they made this vacation even better.
This place is a hotel.  AND it is a SPRING BREAK type all night bar/club. LOVE THIS PLACE. The bar opens at 10am, there is a pool and two different bars.  The pool area closes at dusk and the place becomes a preparty bar.  But if you do not want to go out it turns into a rockstar late night club.  If you do go out, then you can come back to this place for after hours.  It closes at 5am! The bad thing about the property is the rooms are small, beds are horrible.  But we are not staying here for the rooms, but for the atmosphere. We stayed here and did this for three nights straight...awesome time.  I heard it was closing this summer for renovations...So who knows what were going to book.
Great service and food. So here u go SJ and the Clevelander. I loved it!!!! Thanks again.
This is probably the oldest place on a beach! Just love it! Great music and many great people from all over the world
3 years ago when I went....this place was happenin! Great crowd, good music, great weather, great scene. Now...it's apparently under construction.  However, definatley a place you should visit if you ever visit Miami beach.  If you love being outside at night with the perfect 70/80 degree weather, wind blowing, people watching...this is the place to go.
Went here for some drinks during a girls' weekend in SoBe.  Taylor was a great waitress and we had a wonderful time enjoying the pool and tasty drinks!
Came here on a Sunday night for dinner. We were seated for 6 people relatively fast. We ordered calamari (pretty good), sweet potato fries (okay, don't like they add brown sugar to them), turkey signature sandwich (alright - turkey was dry but the taste of the sandwich itself was good) and signature grilled wings (prob the most tastiest). Although we didn't order any drinks, 90% of their menu is catered to them, all of which looked pretty good. Won't be coming back for their food, but possibly for their drinks!
THE place to go if you want to watch sports, watch people, and not talk.  the 'not talk' part is because if you are anywhere near this place, it's going to be so obnoxiously loud that there is no way you can scream loud enough to be heard.  this includes the new glass cube of a sports bar which was designed for style over subtance and echoes louder than the inside of Sarah Palin's head. also, the beers are wicked expensive - $7.50 for a 16 of Bud Heavy. but still, if you want the 'spring break' vibe and want to watch the insanity of SoBe, this pretty much has it all
I come down to south beach a few times a year and always go to Clevelanders for happy hour. Fun place with good drinks and food. Closest thing to a club on ocean drive.
If u lik to party and want to have a great time this is the place to be.... if u don't like noise don't come here.... it is live at all times... great food, good drinks....it's a one stop shop our 2nd and 3 ND day we just stay at hotel no reason to leave cause everything is rite there.... and at nite u got 2 parties the one down stairs and the rooftop party it's all good there love it
Before heading out on a cruise, my cousin and best friend and I wanted to cruise the strip of South Beach to get a vibe for the nightlife we'd heard so much about. Problem was, it was Sunday, so we weren't expecting to see much. Not the case at Clevelander. This place was rockin'. Enormous outdoor patio, and i mean ENORMOUS, that boasted a few bars, some pools, maybe a little waterfall, and a big dance floor filled with people shakin' their moneymakers. Speaking of money, a margarita is $11 (tip included...WTF?), so don't go there if you're looking for dollar beers. The crowd was a mix of older & younger, which is unusual, and pretty much all were attractive. Not a bad place to be! Can't even begin to imagine what it's like on a Saturday at this place... Aside from Mango's up the street, Clevelander was the only joint in town that was hoppin'. They need to replace Rumors in DC with a Clevelander so that we can get our patio-drinkin' on in Miami style.
Nice place good music, good food, amazing view love the waitresses uniforms great service new favorite restaurant
Chill spot on a Tuesday night..... A beer and a whisky and coke will run u$ 29... Just in case u don't know... Be ready to spend some$$$$!....best spot I found on a Tuesday  night so far....
Great location right on the beach and at the end of Ocean Drive. Of course there are tons of tourists - what do you expect on South Beach, especially at a landmark hotel like this? It's fun to just sit back and take in the Ocean Drive scene here, so enjoy it. And if you are a tourist, it's worth a visit for both the atmosphere and to say you've been, so have fun! My school hosted a series of alumni gatherings here a few weeks back and the place was always busy and lively. Lots of activity in the patio area right outside and loud, loud music. This is not the place you stay or visit if you're looking for a quiet time, especially at night. The sports bar right off the patio is a busy place too - they have tons of TVs and fast, efficient bar service. Food looked a little sketchy (and pricey!) but it's bar food, what can you do? All in all, a fun way to spend a weekend night.
One word Scam!!! Avoid at all costs. They will lose your credit card and want you to sign a tab that is not yours. Even Miami-Dade Police Officers will try to make u forfeit a signature for a bill that is not yours so that they can go on their way. They tried to make me pay for a tab under a different name for twice the amount of my tab. After an hour of arguing with management and Miami Police my bill miraculously appeared with a 1/3rd of what they wanted to charge me. Gold Bless American Express. F#CK this place. From California, Better times in Vegas
Went here with my girlfriends to celebrate a bachelorette party. We went on a saturday night and had a blast! The people here are nicer, and they play good music! Average price for a drink was $13. There's a small dance floor in front of the DJ, which was empty at first and got pretty crowded as the night went on. Girls are free, but there's a cover for guys. It's outdoors so it can get pretty hot and sweaty, but we all had an awesome time. I would definitely check this place out if you're ever in Miami.
Had a good time! Music was great, view was good, mixed  crowd but all were very pleasant.. I would definitely go dancing here again!
holy fucking shit! yes, it really is my bad. i would never in 2000 light years would choose this place as a destination but i was hanging out with two out of towners who just do not know any better and they really wanted to check the cleavelander out because 'im in miami, bitch!' fine i said, ill join you ladies. how could i say no to two eastern european cuties? so we make the line for roughly 20 minutes. its 25$ to get in. ladies paid my cover charge. thats right. so as soon as i came in, i went up to the bar and i ordered two ketel one on the rocks. i got served right away which is nice. bartender says its 32$. i hand him my bank card. he asks for my id. he takes a look and tells me my id is expired, which it is but clearly, i am not and youre charging me 32$ for for two drinks and im willing to pay for that easily... and i will probably consume 6 to 8 more drinks cause, im hanging out with two cuties? satelite llamando a control? whats wrong with you guy? so he didnt want to take my id to which i replied 'i guess im not drinking then' and took my card and id away from his rightful dirty hands and i saved at least 160$ for which i am truly thankful. bartender guy does not know my ways; its cool... but he missed out his chance to get a nice happy tip. so we left a few minutes after that to a place less strict about expiration dates but more strict about who they allow to come in. namely, people with good taste and shit. response to Comment from The C. of The Clevelander you kiss by the book like dicaprio. how fucking sweet!
My friends and I wandered here after running from a pushy waiter at another establishment on Ocean. It was about 5 on a Thursday and the music was lively plus they had great happy hour specials. Half off appetizers and half off drinks. Not bad compared to the tourist traps we had to dodge to get there. I had calamari, coconut shrimp and some delicious frozen drink. It was a great welcome meal and we had a front row seat to the Ocean Ave shenanigans. Then we came here Saturday night for the rooftop party and the club. Both were fun and lasted all night. I'm definitely going to make my way here when I go back.
Its like cancun only with water you can drink.  The sidewalk area bar and related pool scene is packed at happy hour with an emphasis on total alcohol consumption and fist-pumping music.  If you're here to party and get crazy, it's the place you want to be.  Wet t-shirt contests, girls doing body shots and a very "easy" crowd is a sure thing.
I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. We were down in Miami for a large business conference and during the evenings I took out my employees to many of the different places in South Beach such as Mangos and the Clevelander. But because of how we were treated that one night, we will never go back and I will never be bringing any of our business (by the way we spent almost $1,000 that night) and still treated rudely. So I must tell eevryone the story. We went there on a wednesday night and we had about 10 people with us, so of course it was a very good bar bill for them. We ere in the back bar located near the pool and our bartender was the nicest guy and in fact even backed us up in the drama. While all of us are just chilling with our employees and senior management and drinking at the bar, we take in the sights and people watch. This included looking at good-looking people but mainly looking at people acting stupid. One person we were very intrigued at watching was this "drunk" guy not i nour party but randonly walked into the venue off the street and was "faking" to jump into the pool as the pool was off limits and noone was allowed to go in. He was faking it but at the same time he was drunk so if he made a mistep, there was a possibility that he may have catually fallen in. Now the Manager on duty that night (slightly short latin man with heavy latin accent) and I know that could be almost everyone in Miami but I forgot his name, saw this and got a bouncer and kicked him out. When the drunk guy had attempted to fake jump in, one of my employees did say "whoa, and do it" but we were having fun and we did not know this person and we only said it once. the manager came over and said you wanna leave, and we all said "Why?" and he said "thats it you are out!" So of course, I try to go over there and reason thigns with him and explain we don't know the drunk guy and we had a huge tab and we were just there to have fun not causing issues and he just walked away. Even the bouncer along with the bartender were on our side and defending us so thank you to them but this jerk of a manager was being ridiculous and we closed our tabs and left and they were allowed to take all our money, totally not fair. We came back to talk to manager two other times but he wouldn't even show his face and stayed in his office each time. If you want crappy food and drinks, and terrible service with terrible management, then sure go here. but if you want to have a good time, good service, go elsewhere, try Mango's.
This place reminds me of Spring Break in Mexico. Good Music and Drinks. Diverse crowds and packed.  If you go try the huge Margarita with a Corona or their mixed drinks delicious.  I love how this place is laid back chill. If you visit South Beach this place is a most stop.
I'd rate this as a late night dance place with Fridays and Saturdays being the best.  Offnites, the place is rather slow....BUT its a great place to sit and hang out in the daytime because of the pool in the center of everything. The music is great, comtemporary, you'll hear your favorite top 40 'booty shakin'" tunes and its a great place to meet people.  There are 2 or 3 bars here and its just an overall fun atmosphere.  Also the drinks are reasonable here and again, but that I mean a $10 mojito as opposed to a $18 mojito.
We stayed here for one night, it just happened to be the big NBA game, the Heat vs the Spurs--so I'm not sure if our experience is typical.  It was one huge wild party--which was a little overwhelming for us, but still entertaining. The party was fun, but you can't get away when you're done for the night.  There is no where to relax because the halls are full of drunk shouting people all night long.  We finally tried to go to bed around 3 am and the party was still hopping in the hallway and it woke us up about ever hour after we finally fell asleep.  The party was still going on at 9am!  I am all for a good time, but really??!!  200$ should at least buy me a few hours of sleep.  This review is for the hotel, the bar and the restaurant combined.  The food was surprisingly delicious and the service in the bar was good too!  They have some great drinks, and even affordable during HH!  We had fun, but next time we will hang out here, but stay at another hotel.
Music was good not great. Service was pretty good and quick. I went on a Sunday so crowd was not amazing. Just ok. Would like to try a Saturday.
When I pictured a cool SouthBeach experience, the Clevelader definitely surpassed my expectations. I did not stay in the Hotel, but had some friends that were. The rooms were very nice and white/clean looking. Bathroom door was like translucent, so I do not know how some will feel about that. You feel that whole art deco/miami vice theme. Their room overlooked the pool/outdoor entertainment area. Do not count on using the elevators though because there are only 1 or 2 or something, and you will be waiting forever!!.  Oh also, if you have the room overlooking the party outside, be prepared to fall asleep to the thumping of music that goes on until 5am, it isn't too bad, but if you need it to be dead silent, might want to stay elsewhere. The daytime activities were cool. There were some  dancers and music going on. Food  was pretty good. Nightlife was about the same. It is literally a 20hour party every day. The DJ was decent, they have a dance platform where you can get your 'bump and grind' on. Then you also got the tables all around if you just want to lounge. Drinks are pricey-ish of course. I got two shots of vodka, paid 19, that included the gratuity. They were also charging 20 bucks cover to get in at night, but if you know someone who is staying there, or if you are staying there, than it is a free party every night ! Also do not neglect the rooftop, if you or someone you know is staying there. It is really cool to lounge up there during the daytime, and at night there is a party going on up there as well. I  recommend staying here, or at least hanging out here during your visit to Miami. It is literally a one-stop shop. Food, drinks, entertainment, beds, pool, great location right on Ocean Drive. My friends said they were even offered drinks right when they arrived !!
Ocean drive is high pressure sales in the form of restaurants/bars. It's entrapment the way they setup their restaurants right on the sidewalk so you have no choice but to walk through and get harassed by the staff to coerce you into eating at their restaurant. So we walked the back way on washington and then made our way back to ocean drive. Here we ran into this spot. It was live and the music was going off. We liked the vibe and decided to give it a try. Found a table fast. The server was quick too. Good service but hate the cigar smokers. So try not to sit in the area in the corner where the fans are because that's why there are fans there...for the cigar smokers. Anyway, I guess it's expected in Miami. Great vibe overall. It seems to be the most live spot around here as I mentioned earlier. We got there when they had happy hour. It was 1/2 off on their large drinks. Normally $34 and each drink was only $17...well you know the math...Our server recommended the drinks and he was very friendly and attentive. The drinks came out in no time flat. We didn't eat but the food did look good. There is also a stage setup for dancing if you were drunk enough. The dj played great music and kept the vibe going. I recommend this place if you're on ocean drive. It's better than the restaurants before you get here where they try all their sales tactics to lure you in.
Music was good not great. Service was pretty good and quick. I went on a Sunday so crowd was not amazing. Just ok. Would like to try a Saturday.
Drinks are pricey but the atmosphere is great. If you're looking forna quiet place to grab a drink--this is NOT the place for you. It is actually a hotel, but God bless anyone that stays here--you have to want to party. On the weekends, hit up the rooftop bar. It's a nice view and great atmosphere.
Our first bar stop in Miami Beach. We got here after 3am since we had just flown in and gotten settled. The place still had a good amount of people. The crowd was fun and friendly and the DJ played really good music. I like that the bar was outdoors. It's pretty big too so plenty of room to move around. Loved the vibe here!  The drinks, of course, were expensive but they are expensive everywhere in Miami.  Would definitely come back here next time we are in MB.
Driving down the oceanside street seeing people in their 26 inch rims and walking on the way to the Clevelander seeing a buncy of clubby overly dressed people I anticipated a night out in Miami to be filled with douchey-ness and stuck up people, but upon arrival of Clevelander it seemed like you were in a different world. Huge outside space with 3 pools a couple bars a dancing area and a dj.  The drinks were cheap for Miami - $7 beers.  It was also seemed to be the popular bachelorette party spot.  People came here to have fun, talk to other people, and dance.  No douchey-ness here. I want to go back.
Love the bar lights! And I think this place was shown in Jersey Shore... but I still love this place because it's not as sleazy as they are! They had the funniest sign for "reserved" tables: "Sorry Sexy, I'm Taken!" Mojito. THE BEST MOJITO I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! It was super smooth and delish! I love that they used a smooth simple syrup or the sugar actually melted, I hate when I find grains of sugar in my mojitos. It just makes me feel like I'm eating sand and gives me a major sadface! I literally craved this mojito every single night! (Disclaimer: I promise you, I am not an alcoholic!) Weird how my second mojito had a sugar cane in it but not the first. Nom nom nevertheless! Also weird, they checked my ID on the second day I went but not the first. Interesting, no? I'm still hoping it's because I'm Asian and look young (hopefully)? Anyways, it's a pretty cool place to hang out and watch a game. It is a bit on the loud side though!
Seriously, the best hotel on South Beach! We stayed at The Clevelander for my friend's bachelorette weekend! We had the time of our lives! I've stayed at a couple other boutique hotels on SoBe and this one was far superior in every way. I definitely recommend this place for couples and parties looking to have a fun time in Miami. You're literally steps away from the beach and the sweet staff have complimentary frozen drinks waiting for your arrival! They even have free coffee in the morning, too!! Trust me, you'll need it :)
Party atmosphere.  They have some kind of permanent happy hour, which to me means "we over inflate our price so we can offer it half that and still gouge you -- but for less than the menu prices".  The frozen monster drinks we had were good, but you really did have to add the additional shots of alcohol to make it have any kick at all. The appetizers (half price, all of the time -- again, isn't that just regular price?) were ok.  We had calamari and coconut shrimp.  I had the turkey bacon avocado sandwich and it was pretty tasty.   It is what it is, a South Beach sidewalk cafe/bar.  High pressure to get you to sit down and then gimmicks to get you to purchase food and beverages.  Overall it was as good as any of them.
I stayed at Essex House but wound up at the Clevelander both days.  This is a fun bar and atmosphere.  During the days, we went up to the rooftop which was surprisingly empty and enjoyed drinks and the wonderful views.  I really didn't want to leave that area - it was so relaxing. I can't vouch for staying in the hotel - although it looked nice.  But if you are looking to stay here, be warned that it is a rather loud place and not great if you are the type of person who prefers to go to bed at 10pm.  If you're up for some partying, the location is great and the vibe was fantastic.
young crowd from 25 to 35, they bring in live music and live DJ's often, food was good, a lot of tourists.  cant beat the location, this place gets your attention just walking down the strip
Stopped off at the familiar Clevelander with my guy on our recent trip to Miami Beach during the day and it was a completely different crowd and vibe. We sat at the bar and ordered a couple fun drinks. I ordered the Miami Vice with a shot of rum "floater". It was perfect for the sunny day and about $13, which is less than most drinks on Ocean Dr. My guy ordered a couple beers and a shot of 1800. It was great to go back and hang out at The Clevelander again, love the sunny patio, the drinks and the music.
The Clevelander is a alot of fun! It is a cute outdoor club and you feel the Miami/SOBE ambiance in the air I went in mid-september and a thunderstorm hit at night NO ONE cared people were dancing in the rain so Miami Rain, drinks, and good music calls for a good time! cover is 10 pretty reasonable for SOBE
now here's a place where there's ALWAYS a party going on... always a good crowd, always good music, always a good time... never a hassel to get in, drinks are priced as to be expected for the location, and you can almost always find a place to sit.... the rooftop lounge is very nice, with a great view of the beach and ocean drive... i tend to forget how much fun it is, because i don't go often... that needs to change.
Shittiest place ever with bartenders that want to get you kicked out because they are insecure and lie to have you thrown out. Sad and disgusted at the service here.
Ok so this review is for both staying here and partying here. Staying here wasn't so great, but I loved coming here to dance so I would stay at a hotel nearby next time. This place is so strict, it became quite annoying. This was supposed to be a vacation, but it felt more like a chaperoned high school trip. I can't even tell you the number of times I was asked to see my room key. Additionally, I was told I had to stand against the wall when I was waiting for the elevator even though there were no other people around. I was first in an invisible line of people. I felt like I was in a prison lineup. There is only 1 elevator so be prepared to ride it for extensive periods of time, usually crammed in with a bunch of other people. There are no refrigerators in the rooms so you can't bring any of the expensive south beach food and delish seafood back to munch on. We ordered the huge beer towers for a certain price one day and the next day we were charged a completely different price and were informed that "they just changed the price." Riiiight. Also, when you go to the beach there are booths (Boucher Brothers) where you can rent beach chairs and umbrellas and things, but the Clevelander wasn't affiliated with these places. Next time I would stay at a hotel that includes the beach chairs and umbrella with the room reservation. Lesson learned. I really liked the nightlife scene here though so I would definitely stay nearby next time around. I liked the numerous bars and outdoor dance floor. The DJ during the day time was also fun. This was def. my fav. place to party, had awesome music, and the best crowd. *****Get the Tachos aka: Tater Tot Nachos. They are friggin amazing, especially to snack on after a few drinks!!*****
stinky mildewy bar + dingy pool + skanky girls + schizophrenic DJ = The Clevelander
I love the music ..., chill place to be on Sundays !!! Full Of tourist but still fun !!!! A lot of sexy guys and beautiful girls !!!!
They will steal your iPhone and  not give a shit. WE BOUGHT BOTTLE SERVICE and they did not care that someone that worked there clearly jacked a phone off the table. The security managers told us that iPhones go missing all the time from their bar.... Like really??? That doesn't raise any red flags? They were not helpful AT ALL.  They legit laughed at us after we questioned the security managers about the staff and asked about security camera footage. Terrible. David Leffler is the security manager and he sucks
Good drinks but uber expensive for out-of-towers.  Great variety of top shelf, good DJ and fun and unique poolside dance floor.  Really liked the ambiance and crowd..not too uppity!
In terms of customer service,location, a free room upgrade. Got a great same-day rate, and this place did the trick. Nice room, was upgraded to a mini-suite that overlooked south beach, Also , this place is poppin, It was a Sunday but you wouldnt know. Easy access to beach, Nice people that work there
After all the remodeling, i just didn't see much of a change.  The pool was dirty and the place generally looked the same as before - just with a sports bar at the back, I guess... I would probably hate to stay here, but it's a cool hangout if you want to avoid the clubs.  it's cheap, no cover, and outdoor, so it's a nice alternative to expensive, crowded, and surrounded by smoke.
Fun place off of Ocean. They have a large outdoor area for service and a stage for shows. TV's are everywhere and nice misters to protect you from the humid heat. They have good specials on beers for their happy hour, and they're really clever about keeping the pitcher of beer cold. Ice in ziploc bags. Pretty genius! Hahaha. Anyway, it was a good atmosphere overall with the friendly wait staff, nice bartenders, and good music playing in the background. When I was here with my boyfriend, it was in June (yeah, a little late for my review...but I had most of in on a draft saved up anyway). But anyway, besides that, I just wanted to mention some free entertain we had when we saw a bum sleeping on the sidewalk and people freaking out about him getting a heat stroke. Had to call an ambulance and everything. I don't know why I had to add that little detail. I guess it just made my experience here that much more entertaining. LOL.
To be clear, this review is solely based on the wonderful time my husband and I had at the bar! We did not stay at this hotel during our stay in Miami, however, as we were strolling down Ocean Ave, we passed this amazing party with great music and people clearly having the time of their lives. WE HAD TO STOP IN. And let me just say, it made our night! We sat at the bar, ordered a few drinks, ate wings, laughed, danced in our seat, people watched, danced a little more, and so on and so forth. Good times! Great drinks! Awesome DJ!
There I was on Ocean drive in Miami going crazy, my first night and tripping out becouse I felt like I was actually in a game, Vice city to be exact. I felt like opening a door of an aston martin and just rolling of with it, but that would be a hard getaway becouse there was too much traffic and this spot cought my eye,  there was live performers and an awesome dj laying down some cool tracks to keep me pumped. The vibe was exactly as the song from LMFAO, drink all night! I shure did. The negative about this spot was the prices of the drinks but hey I expected it to be so. Not as bad as las vegas prices but still worth the money..
drink drink drink!
Very nice outdoor club for tourist and very reasonably priced compared to everywhere else on sobe.
I love Cleavelander. The music sucked at first but progressivly got better. I only had one cocktail and still had a blast. Very fun party atmosphere very young but there were people of every age there. I would go back on a warm day.
I stayed here for 2 nights before going on a cruise, the rooms were so small it prepped me for the cruise. I left in the morning for my cruise and had forgotten 2 dresses and my friend forgot her shoes and pants, all in the same location. We called 30 minutes after leaving when we realized we forgot to check the closet for our things, they said no problem the items were found, we returned from the cruise to give them our shipping info, and all that arrived was my friends shoes and pants, my dresses that were in the same spot, convieniantly disappeared. I called over 3 times and everyone continued to ignore me, and I still have not received a call back nor even an apology for one of their staff obviously taking my clothing.
My friend  and I stopped by The Clevelander for a drink after walking the beach. Carla was are server, and because of her service, I will return there any, and every time in Miami! She was bright, funny, engaging and knowledgeable. She even helped us prank my friends wife. She was always close, but never hovering. Our drinks were never empty for long, but she wasn't pushing them on us. I We didn't try the food, we were on a liquid diet that day, but Carla had plenty of suggestions in case we did get hungry. I was in the restaurant industry for over 30 years in Seattle, and still do large festival beer gardens. She is the exact type of person I  hire. She's a managers dream employee! Thank you Carla for the memorable time. I look forward to checking out the food, and club next time I'm in Miami!
Super friendly and easy check-in experience.  Upon arrival we magically had complimentary drinks in our hands.  They were sticky sweet blended something, but I appreciate the gesture and it did kind of get us in that "I'm in Miami, let's get the party started" kinda mood.  We were allowed to check in early which was great because we could soak up as much sun as possible at the hotel's rooftop and pool areas. On a tip from other reviews, we did not fall for the special pricing on Pool View rooms and it was well worth our money to upgrade to Ocean View.  The Pool View would put you so close to the pounding club music (open til 5am mind you) that you would be forced to stay up and party until that time because there would be no sleep to be had.  We came here knowing it was a party spot, but I'm on more of a passing out by 2am schedule.  That's just me... That said, we could still hear the music in our Ocean View room!  So I can only imagine what the people in rooms closer to the pool side were hearing.  It was a managable volume though.  Our view was pretty nice, however across the street from the hotel is a park, then the beach.  So the water is actually a bit farther away than I expected.  I don't know why I was put in a room with 2 double beds instead of one queen/king.  My boyfriend is 6'3" and the bed was just way too small for us, but other than that the room was bright and clean and well put together.  Totally beach appropriate with white linens and blue and sand colored accents. The C-Level rooftop deck was my favorite area.  It was a little smaller than I hoped, but there were plenty of cabanas and lounge chairs, a nice water feature, and a fabulous view.  Maybe this was because we were there on a Thursday, but there was no bar open up there!  We ended up walking down to the main pool bar area to get drinks and then taking them back up with us.  Most likely a blessing in disguise since 2 mojitos set us back $24 so having limited bar access limited the money going down the drain. The second rooftop area, SPF4, was a total letdown.  It was tiny and there was just nothing to really keep you there.  Looks much nicer in pictures. The main pool area was kind of dirty and didn't attract me (other than to grab drinks).  The pool is pretty much a waste of space since they just cover it up with a stage for spring break style activities (when we headed out for dinner it was set up with beer pong tables, when we returned late at night it was the dance floor).  All the lounge chairs you'd expect around a pool are only found in the rooftop areas, the pool area is really just the bar and restaurant. The restaurant didn't really suck us in either, we ventured out to find something more interesting and were happy we did.   I think overall for the price and location it's a good stop on a Miami trip as long as you're aware of the spring break vibe.  The other places that we liked more we couldn't have afforded, so it worked out just fine.
I was very impressed by the customer service we received when checking in.  The lobby was clean and bright and full of energy.  All of the staff was very attentive and what better way to welcome me than with a pina colada!  There were people checking in ahead of us and it took quite some time but never once did I lack a drink in my hand.   The bell hop chatted us up as we waited and told us about good spots to eat.  I was in my uniform as I had just flown in from Afghanistan, and one of the guys that worked there was a former Marine so he came up and talked to us too.  Once it was our turn to check in I was relaxed and not anxious due to the long wait because of the dutiful staff.  The front desk attendant was also cheerful and helpful.  Even the key card holder was fun and bright!  Once in the room I was a little disappointed in the size and lack of a chair to sit in.  But since I was not there to hang out in my room it really wasn't a big deal and for the price, the room was more than adequate.  Once we got showered and cleaned up we headed down to the bar to use our $50 food and beverage voucher that we got for booking through hotels.com.  Usually when you get a voucher like that, it isn't good for alcoholic beverages but this one was.  The drinks were good, not the best beer selection though.  We got the cevice and it was good.  There were a lot of people there having fun and hanging out.  The music was fun, almost too loud but not quite.  Definitely a good people watching spot.  Across the street form the beach, walking distance to many restaurants and good shopping.  All in all, a great location.  Had bloody mary's on the patio the next morning and they were good,  not as spicy as I like them so ordered them spicier the second round and they came out great.  I would not hesitate to recommend this spot as a great place to stay.
I've done a few fashion shows here and let me say: drinks and food are always great! They're always on point with their flavors. Everytime I am in the area, I try to stop by whenever I can to have a tasty burger or appetizer... And of course, if you're into caipirinha, this is the place to have them... :))))
What can you say about this place really?  TOURIST TRAP!!!  But I bring all my out of town guests here.  It is a fun place with a lot of energy. I recommend having lunch and a few drinks here.  The BLT is very good.  I always get it with the Challah bread and sweet potato fries on the side.  For an appetizer try the onion rings.  They are served with a nice dipping sauce. Another thing I like about this place is their honesty.  Many places on the beach add tip on the check and do not warn the patrons.  Even if you go to the bar and order one drink here the bartender gives you a receipt and tells you that there is tip and tax included in the price!
Excellent. Great music, open area makes the place feel very airy and not suffocating that you may feel in some of the clubs.
Oh, the Clevelander. One of the most memorable spots we've been to in Miami. My parents have a condo on Collins, so during our week stay, the boyfriend and I were able to trek up and down on Ocean, grabbing drinks here and there, but always end up coming back to the Clevelander. Don't get me wrong, I'm not the type of person who enjoys a Jersey Shore-like crowd, which can be found in almost every corner here, but it's the structure, ambiance and atmosphere of this club that really gets me. I love that it's outdoors, so we don't have to deal with the stuffiness of Cuban cigars and mojito breaths inside, and I love that the DJ booth and dance floor is overlapping the pool. Literally---there was a stage covering the pool. The layout of the place is just plain awesome. I also enjoyed their mixed drinks and daquiris. I especially loved the Miami Vice with an extra shot of Bacardi. That kept me going! The only downfall here is that the service fluctuates. The first night we were there, the waitress (by the way, all of them are wearing sexy tank tops and cheeky spankies) was really attentive and nice. We ordered our drinks from her and got them shortly. The next night wasn't the same. We got our drinks at the bar and decided to sit exactly where we were the night before, and the waitress told us we couldn't sit there because it was reserved. Given this was a Tuesday night, and the club wasn't really crazy, I call bull. She probably kicked us out because we didn't order directly from her. Plus the drink prices at the bar weren't consistent. We ordered two kamikaze shots from one bartender and she charged us 9 bucks, then when we ordered 2 more from another, she charged us 12. Pretty much the only reason why I reduced a star. The DJ on both nights was kinda whacked. He played some songs more than twice, and his transition would go from an upbeat Rihanna song to an emo Drake song. So we would end up being all turnt up one minute, then just swaying back and forth like trees in the wind the next. Sometimes he wouldn't even transition. He would just cut the song short halfway, leave an open gap, then play another song after a few seconds of silence lol. So awkward! And the last thing to note would be... As "broken in" as I thought I was about clubbing in LA etc., this is actually the first time I've ever seen people walk by, kiss/dry hump/suck each other's faces off/grope all within a few feet from me, within 15 minutes, involving the same people---switching like line dancing partners. "Yolo" I guess?? It's a great venue for watching and mingling with tourists. Since I am a Californian, I am considered a tourist here, but I guess what I meant was foreigners. We got to talk and interact with people from Europe etc. and it's alot of fun to see how they like to party. Overall, I will definitely be back here on my next Miami trip.
Ended up at the Clevelander just walking around on Ocean Dr. Lots of attractive people lounging by the pool having some fun. Dancing picked up as it got later at night. The dance floor is pretty cool.   The drinks aren't too bad, but I stuck to beer most of the night.
worst customer service i have ever experienced (wouldn't even let us use the bathroom). very very slow and outright rude workers (servers and security). unfortunate because it could be a cool atmosphere. i would avoid this bar (so many other options in miami - don't bother)
Don't stay at the Clevelander. As a hotel, the Clevelander is nothing to write home about---small rooms with a bathroom that definitely used to be a closet and still kept its sliding, unlocking doors. The people at the front desk are pretty worthless, especially at night. On the weekends it turns into a glorified college dormitory, so if you're looking to relax while staying in South Beach, this isn't the place for you. What you're paying for at the Clevelander is not the amenities, it's the location. And what a location right on Ocean Drive. The Clevelander is really best as a place to hang out and day drink. Or night drink. The "pool party", which is definitely not like a Vegas pool party (think a very small pool surrounded by a couple of bars and a DJ), can still be a good time until a certain hour when it can sometimes get a little ghetto. The food served here isn't very good and like everywhere else in South Beach is relatively expensive. If you're in South Beach, the Clevelander should definitely be one of your stops. Just don't stay here.
I love this hotel! I originally was staying at The President Hotel a few blocks away. I got 50 percent off on-line, and it said it was a 3 star hotel. I got to Miami, checked in, and realized I was staying in a dump with pretty wall paper. That's another story for another time. Anyways, it's 4am and I can't sleep. I leave the hotel in search of another hotel and found the Clevelander! They let me check in immediately. Beautiful hotel facing the beach. The hotel has a restaurant, a few bars, a dance club, and nightly pool parties. The room was beautiful with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. It's a little pricey, but you can probably get a better deal if you don't book at the last minute.
Good spot to chill, people watch, and listen to good tunes. Probably going to stay here next time I come back! My girl and I really enjoyed this joint!
Jessica, our server, was one of the nicest and most thorough servers I have ever had. Be sure to request her if you can! She is a 5 star server. The food however is in really only 3 stars. Pretty average bar food.
Go on sunday! this place is popping with DJ Kristian Caro's sexy Miami beats! great crowd! drinks are kinda gross and a lil pricy so bring ur own flask ;)
Freestyle night! Too damn expensive though.
When u are walking down ocean blvd and want to enjoy good music other rather than having to see women dance at Mangos, this is the place to go. They have a stage for live music but mostly they have DJs to liven the place up. There are also 3 pools surrounded by a number of bar areas where u can drink and eat if u'd like. The last time we tried to come there they charged a fee to get in just to go to the bar...which is why they get 3 stars. Not to mention the drinks are pretty pricey and not so strong. But the vibes are great!
Great spot. Sat on the sidewalk side and enjoyed half priced drinks. Great atmosphere, great waiter, and tasty booze. Love outside drinking in December!  Would go back.
BEST hotel on Ocean Drive! Best customer service! Best pina coladas! (Your first one is on them at check-in!!) And there's always a party going on! Seriously is the place to be on Ocean. I've stayed here twice and would def stay here again. Beach is right in front, they provide beach towels, and the food is amaziiing. And I do have to emphasize the customer service, which they do take pride in, since customer service does not exist on the rest of the Ocean Dr. strip! Being from California, I'm not use to having to involuntarily tip 18% for horrrrrible service, but here, especially after eating at other little spots on Ocean, you honestly do tip extra on top of what is already on the bill cause you appreciate it that much more! Their sister hotel, Essex shares the same amenities, I've never stayed there, but I probably would if I was going for a more quiet "I wanna sleep at night"-kind of Miami trip (yeah right!) cause you will hear the party right outside, if you're sober! But they do provide earplugs!!
Where do the hours go when you're at the Clevelander? I'm not quite sure. Recently visited while on a Bachelorette Party in Miami and we stopped by the Clevelander. They incorporated the bride-to-be in a game of musical chairs, we watched a "fashion show," the staff is pretty nice, and you can hang out outdoors. What more could you ask for?! We ended up partying here for hours and met tons of pretty cool peeps. This place is no frills and typical Miami to the T, but still a great place to hang. Plus they have a pool that you can jump in; now that's a party!
Freakin' AWESOME pina colada. Mmmmmm... The Carribbean Punch was also really good. Now that I got the important part out of the way -- the drinks -- the food was good, too. We had a pepperoni pizza (6 slices to that bad boy) and it was very tasty! It was an excellent way to spend the afternoon -- watching college football, hanging out and drinking with gang, and enjoying the dance music coming from the other end of the bar. This place had an amazing energy and vibe about it! It probably would have kicked all kinds of ass late at night, too.
We were here over Memorial Weekend (which is also the Urban/hip hop weekend in South Beach), and it was a nice haven from the madness and crowds out on the rest of Ocean.  The bar is nice and chill with a large outdoor area, plus a smaller inside bar with about 6 decently sized tvs for watching sports events.  The outside bar area has a good amount of seating under huge umbrellas, and there is usually a DJ or live band on stage playing hip hop or reggae beats.  Pretty casual and unpretentious.
This place was live on a sunday nonetheless. Pretty expensive, but definitely worth the visit.  If you dont wanna fall into the trap at Liv/Story/etc..this is the place.  Strong drinks and good vibes.
We came here for breakfast and boy was it interesting. I think our waiter was new or a sub-in because he sure did not know what was on the menu or how to explain it. My friend had to ask more than once what the cornflake french toast was, just to make sure she understood what she was getting. The waiter kept saying it was a bowl of corn flakes, with bread, and syrup. Umm, no! LOL. My other friend also did not get brown sugar with her oatmeal. The waiter kept trying to give her the natural raw sugar from the packets. The only thing good about the restaurant here is the egg sandwich! TASTY! p.s. High energy music seems to be on blast at any hour here, even at 9 a.m.!
The outdoor bar would have been cooler if it had not rained. Good music- hip hop and current stuff. Upstairs was all house music- not so much into that. The crowd was pretty old too.
Been here tons of times. I dislike how on my last visit in feb 2014 their menu changed the  food was great now it sucks! Drinks are good. Good music !!!!
Excellent people watching spot on southbeach. The staff was great, i think it was Felipe...took great care of us during brunch. Reasonable price compared to the other rip-offs in southbeach. Will definately come back again.
Stop here every time I am in SoBe. Always great music, a good crowd, and strong drinks. Come here for a plain ol' good time that doesn't include the pretentiousness of the typical Miami hotspot.
* shots are tiny :( * beer is good :) * cocktails are super weak :( * staff is very nice :) * 17% gratuity is included even though menu says not * DJ was a 10+ super bomb. We will go here again next year after Ultra, it was super fun just wish the drinks were cheaper.
I came here 6 years ago - It was my first experience of Ocean drive and south beach - OVERWHELMING FOR AN 11 AM DRINK. 6 years later - It did not disappoint but a great reminder of memorable spring breaks.  go to the rooftop bar - great venue and great atmosphere - I almost enjoyed salsa dancing there as much as I enjoyed Mangoes! Don't get too drunk to walk down stairs - If you're a guy going one alone - it's a perfect pick up location lol
Such a cool, fun vibe. Performers walking around in cool outfits! Towards the inside courtyard with a pool is a Dj and full bar. Very fun! I went New Years with family and had good clean fun, great music!
This is a review of the bar/club: You can do "classy" South Beach (expensive drinks, gorgeous bars, beautiful people, yadda yadda...usually found inside Miami's group of high-end hotels) OR you can do "trashy" South Beach and hit up the row of bars/clubs along this touristy strip of Ocean Drive (drinks are still pricey but the bars and the people are way more down to earth). For whatever reason, we love trashy South Beach. And the Clevelander is the epicenter of it for us. (Others in the trashy group include Mango's, Wet Willie's, etc). People come here to drink and have a ruckus good time without dressing up to the nines (unless they want to, of course)...they come here to throw back beers and sickly sweet drinks such as frozen peach margaritas (with an extra "floater" shot of tequila for $2, natch)...they come to dance to the clubby mix of top 40, and to hoot and holler at the tacky performances they call "burlesque shows". Last week, we partied downstairs for awhile and then we went upstairs to the Clevelander rooftop, which has a more exclusive feel (lining the dance floor are roped-off bottle-service sections complete with for-hire girls) but the vibe was more reserved up there and it was only fun because I was a drunky, dancy mess. But in hindsight it probably wasn't as fun as the party down below. We left the bar at 4am on a Thursday. As I walked to my hotel, arm in arm with my husband, two black men called me a prostitute. Well...that's dirty, trashy, gritty South Beach for ya! Not as glamorous as you may think. But FUN
I have mixed feelings about this place. It seems like the weird combination of sports bar, club and hotel all mixed into one. It's right on Ocean so it is a spot I have hit up multiple times. The music was great and we were able to stand on top of a platform over the pool which was cool. But $8 for a beer makes you roll your eyes until you realize that you are in one of the most overpriced cities in America. The crowd is a bit more on the bro-ish and older which is off putting for me. It also tends to get very crowded for reasons unbeknownst to me. If you are an explorer then go here just to experience it but there are other good bars that you can go to in the area.
Went to school in Miami and I used to always go to the Clevelander. I always make sure to come back when I come for a visit. Love this place.
Bar review: don't waste your time unless you like congregating with douche bags. The crowd is mostly earlier twenties looking to do dumb stuff. If you come with a girl (and she is attractive), be prepared to have guys give her rapey eyes all night. The music is generic. Mostly the same songs you hear in every club (Kesha, J-Lo, Pitbull, generic EDM tracks etc....). Do not expect to hear hip hop. The drinks are a little watered down but not too pricey. Also, the dance floor is tiny. It is hard to get on and off the dance floor. Great place to watch big sporting events. Also, there is a lot of seating.
If you walked down Ocean Dr on South Beach, you've undoubtedly encountered Clevelander, a staple of Miami tourist industry.  We had a drink here one night.  The drink had almost no alcohol in it and was super overpriced but it was worth it because the people watching was phenomenal and they had a bar/dance outdoor area as well.  It's absolutely hilarious to see how many clueless tourists try to take a photo in front of this place while blocking foot traffic for about 50 people per 3 seconds.  They all get really flustered and frustrated as a result and it never fails to amuse me.  I wish I had a chance to stay and party it up but instead had to go back to the hotel.  I intended to return and check it out more but intentions are rarely realized in Miami.  Oh well.  Next time.
i like sitting outside an listening to the bands and also watching the game on the tvs by the bar. the mojito was too sweet.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon for an enjoyable lunch and Clevelander did not disappoint! I had a bacon grilled cheeseburger with Sweet potato fries and a bucket of Modelo beers. This was one of the best tasting burgers I've had in a while! The music was great, some nice reggae and hip-hop jams, people watching was awesome, and it was an all around fun experience. Definitely check out the Clevelander, even if it's just for a daytime snack. Loved it!
Awesome DJ on Saturday night!!!! Always have to go here when I'm in South Beach!!!
Nice place to hang out at night on South Beach. Had a good time there
Carla our waitress took care of us! Promptly and efficient! Couldn't asked for better service!!
If you want to experience a South Beach patio, this place might be for you.  It has everything you'd expect... oversized & overpriced drinks, beautiful people, loud music, pools and water features,
This is my favorite place to go in South Beach.  Friendly staff and my favorite bartender is Melissa...... Her ongoing smile is contagious!  Her drinks are delicious. She makes the best Bloody Mary's in South Beach.... She is the reason I keep going back there..... Keep up the good job Melissa and see you soon.....
I've never felt so trendy! We stopped in at The Clevelander for lunch while spending a day at the beach. As you walk down the main drag of South Beach on the sidewalk, you have to pass through many hotels and restaurants 'sidewalk seating' area. This was annoying when we were not hungry, and extremely enticing when we were. The nice tables and friendly staff lead us to chose The Clevelander. The menu was....overpriced. The food was pretty good, but $15 for a flat bread pepperoni pizza seems a bit outrageous. I knew it would be, so I shouldn't complain too much. The are was very clean and trendy. Art Deco was oozing from every clean line on this building. We finished our lunch and went back to the beach. I wouldn't be opposed to staying at this hotel on another trip to Miami.
The clevelander is a terrible deal in an area with so many better options. dont let you and your friends get conned. They post online deals that they do not honor at the door. They escalate prices and they separate groups across different floors/bars. If you are in Miami beach for any special events E.G. Cotton Bowl, National Championship, Ultra... Do not try to meet friends here. Some of you will inevitably get separated because the clevelander is a money extraction focused location ONLY. They let half of our our group on an elevator to the 4th floor and told the rest to wait on a second elevator. When that arrived they said the 4th floor was full and the rest could go to the second floor. The deals were different (and hardly deals) on both floors and we couldn't hang out with our friends.
pretty good food and athmosphere... good drinks! no specials for lunch on drinks, DO NOT get CEVICHE it's watered down, small and tastes like old fish.... go to La Granja instead for awesome peruvian ceviche
drinks here are sweet. just too sugary to even taste. atmosphere is nice. it's a party place. great place to watch or be seen. mostly a mid to late 20s type of crowd.
This place is super fun, funky and has great music and drinks. We went one night after the Food and Wine festival and had a great time. The service was great (thanks Sarah) and the atmosphere was very unique. The fountains, pool, large stage, funky lights, odd shaped bar and outdoor seating make this a unique spot to stop on Ocean Blvd. The food was good, the drinks were cold and stout and the kitchen was pretty fast with the pizzas. We sat outside and listened to the DJ while the bar proceeded to get packed and the fountains were going off in the backdrop. If you need a laid back place to stop and grab a reasonably priced bite to eat in South Beach this is a great choice.
A bit pricey for what it is. Nice location and good service. The food was alright. It's typical bar food so you can't expect a 5 star meal. We got a pitcher of caiperinas for like $50 and it could have been wayyy stronger. But overall, very cool and chill place to grab a beer while at the beach :)
This review is about one thing: the live shows which run from approx. 9-10p. They're great! Over two nights, I watched salsa dancers, go-go dancers, burlesque dancers, capoeira athletes, a drummer, and a live cover band. The DJ somehow kept picking songs from my iTunes playlists. Kudos to the show director and the MC, too. Shockingly, The Clevelander manages to be adult and fun, but not sleazy - and the crowd reflected this. And on one night, the music volume was actually not deafeningly loud (which I appreciated, since my hearing's intact). I was unsure how they felt about photography, but they're savvy. They encouraged visitors to take photos and videos, and post them; and the performers obliged. Several even (unbidden) stopped and smiled to allow taking a non-blurry photo. The staff is polite, too. Occasionally, someone (a waiter or security) would accidentally bump me, and promptly say "Excuse me"; or politely wait for me to take a photo. The courtesy was appreciated. There's no cover, but drinks are expensive and perhaps a bit watered down, like the $12 piña colada. But they're worth it, given the entertainment. Frankly, the value was higher than some places in NYC, SF, or Las Vegas.
Being a local, I don't go here as much as I would like to.  The Clevelander is a must visit if you want to experience the real South Beach.  It has the best staff - all the way from the owners down to the bartenders.  They have awesome theme nights and parties almost every night and sometimes they have drink specials.  It is definitely one of the best outdoor bars and has a pool as well.  They have some great concerts once in a while. Definitely pay them a visit and see Grace at the outside (or sometimes inside) Bar !  Also, the hotel and rooftop is awesome !
great party scene here but two stars because of insanely pushy servers/waitstaff..drinks were pretty typical..dj was good..i cant get past how rude the waitstaff were. literally had a menu thrown at me. was told we couldnt afford table seating.  was told i wasnt drinking enough or fast enough.  overpriced drinks.  told waiter id be paying cash.  he said he needed to authorize my credit card anyway. ended up he charged my card anyway.  18% tip added automatically and he said he'd appreciate additional tip..
This is actually a review of the C-Level Rooftop Terrace at the Clevelander. My friend and I were on Ocean Drive trying to decide where to go when a nice gentleman informed us that the party on the rooftop was free. My favorite price. We checked it out and were pleasantly surprised. There was a decent sized crowd, good music, drinks and a nice view. Drinks were good but a bit overpriced which is to be expected in Miami so it wasn't a big deal. There was also a decent amount of seating that wasn't strictly for those with VIP status. The only negative comment I have is that after a while the DJ started to play the same songs then switched up the music completely which I wasn't a fan of. Unfortunately it started to rain so we decided to take off earlier than we would have otherwise. The rain didn't last long but we'd had our fun by then. Overall it was a good time and I'd definitely go back.
I didn't stay @ the Clevelander as a hotel guest, but rather @ their property next door, The Essex House (another amazing establishment - be sure to read review) -- this review is for the Clevelander Restaurant, which deserves 5 stars, hands down (I wish I could give it more than 5 stars, trust me, I would!). The foods is delicious and there wasn't a single thing on the menu that we ordered and weren't absolutey pleased with. You can't go wrong with anything here at the Clevelander and I back that statement up 110% :-) While all the food in Miami is quite a treat, I feel beyond confident in saying that you won't get better service than what you'll get @ the Clevelander -- and trust me, that makes all the difference!! We were greeted by every single staff member that walked by. We were accommodated beyond belief, so much so that we didn't want to dine anywhere else while staying in Miami. Frankziller, the most amazing server anyone could ask for had just about everything to do with our wonderful experience, and needless to say, we can't wait to go back. We got to meet the GM, the Sous Chef and numerous other staff members at the Clevelander who made our experience memorable and clearly, one worth yelping & praising about. Thank you so much to The Clevelander for hiring staff like Frankzilla and keeping patrons like us coming back for more. It's the little things that made our visit so special and something that we still talk about. We really can't wait to make another trip back and enjoy all of our meals @ The Cleve.
There was something going on here every night beautiful servers black white and otherwise. Me and a friend had happy hour (which they seem to have everyday) half off drinks(only a few drinks) and a small selection on the menu such as wings bbq smothered or buffalo the bbq wings were exceptional (all three times I dined here) the smothered were way too salty (I am a salt lover) the fries are good 2.50 during happy hr chicken wings are about 5.50 but the server seemed to charge 5.00 each time you get a good amount for that price. I am not a fan of calamari but here I am! 7.00 fish sandwich crispy and good 13.00 miami vice 15.00 (half pina colda half rum runner) I don't remember the amount of ounces but you can share it with someone or they will give you a cup to take to go since you can drink on the street (bonus) each night there was a dj playing hip hop, Pop, and r&b and classics from Bob Marley. If you are a people watcher they have booths and tables right on the street. Bad thing about this is the stare from obvious locals who are people watching as well and the bums who are begging posing as a nice person with friendly Banta. Mostly guys so me and my friend didn't get bothered by them. Friday night they had 2 awesome djs on this night my friend said "we should have stayed here!" (Essex hotel) the dance floor was packed dancers in the front. Since we were not staying at Essex we had to pay ten bucks each (worth it) we could not sit because it was for bottle service this was fine since place was packed and dj was awsome. Beware of 18% tip which is suggested and for me was worth it. On ocean drive most host will try to get you to stop and have a meal or a drink "2 for 1" Clevelander half off beats that  try it at least once during your stay.
Total tourist trap. Even though you can see everything that's going on since it's all outside, for some reason I thought this place would be bigger. I guess it feels small once you're in, since the place is jam packed. Wish the drinks were better! Asked for a Red Bull/vodka and got what tasted like straight up Red Bull. I can't remember what I ordered the second round, but it was super sweet and not strong either. The vibe is laid-back and everyone is having a good time. Sweat it out on the dance floor where you will see some crazy characters. DJ was pretty good, and they had some dance contests which were amusing. Also, there was a cover charge (but this was LDW, so that may have been why). Worth a stop if you're in the area looking for something to do.
The Clevelander was sort of fun for what it was. The entire time I knew it was a nightclub designated for tourists because, but hey, that's what I was. I suppose I had fun because it was enjoyable seeing my friends have no luck with local or tourist girls. I hadn't really been drinking that night so I can imagine my enjoyment level went up because I didn't really care to empathize with them. It was free to get in and I paid $11 bucks for a mojito so I suppose my total evened out somewhere. They also had live music and a cool dance floor. Not bad, if you're visiting, so check it out.
I used to visit the Clevelander on sundays after hanging at the beach, but recently the staff has been just plain rude.   I love the atmosphere, the music and the food, but the service has went to hell.   A few weeks ago I grab a table with some friends and the waiter comes up and says "what you guys want?"  Im a little lost because I didnt know that is how you great your guest in the service industry.   I asked him for some menus and he kinda just rolls his eyes and walk off.   This guy seemed like he did not want to work that day.   It was pretty upsetting since im spending $16 for just a burger.   I stayed away for a while.   So yesterday I decided to give the Cleve a second chance.   Terrible mistake!!   Im walking  by on the near the pool side and one employee almost slaps me with the door.   I calmly said "hey be careful you almost hit me with the door.   He starts laughing then tells me "did it hit you though?" I said "no, but you could have."   He then tells me "quit talking to me before I get you kicked out of here."   I was completely shocked at this point and wanted to know why he would speak to a paying customer like that.   5 minutes later the security guards escorted me out.   This behavior only reflects the management running this place.    South Florida really needs to work on our customer service.   These business are acting like they are doing you a favor by letting you come spend your money with them.
This place is EVERYTHING you need for an amazing night out in South Beach. The atmosphere is high energy and this place is just an endless party!  Great dance floor, great music, beautiful people. If you head upstairs, you'll see a great view of the ocean. It seems like a lot of tourists hit this club up on weekends, and we met some really nice people. The layout of the club lends to meeting people and you can have a nice chat with other travelers.
Great outside bar/club. $10 cover but not bad for south beach at all. Our waiter was awesome and told us the specials to save us some $$$. The perfect combination of club and bar. Good music, cheap bottle service, and solid crowd!
Maaannnnn hold up!! Was passing through Miami on our way to St. Lucia, from small town Dickinson Texas. The atmosphere was absolutely amazing!! Couldn't have been a better time; summer, pre-4th of July, FIFA and 5 o'clock in the evening. Music was nice and loud but not too loud, the main section of bartenders were very helpful. Although be mindful, gratuity is already added in to tab so don't get mad. Waitresses on hand with all tobacco needed by tray, grab you a cigar and live it up Miami style. So cool to see all types of people roaming and drinking and eating, having fun by the pool and bar. Love it, will be back
I stayed here about 3 weeks ago. Peak Spring Break Time although I am far removed from Spring Break activity. I decided to stay here after confusing it with the hotel down the street with the huge drinks. Though a tad disappointed that my memory failed me, I wasn't disappointed with my stay. PROS: - Me and my friends were greeted with Pina Coladas upon arrival. - All of the staff were very accomodating and cordial, even when we requested additional towels and washcloths at 3 in the morning. - The beds were super comfy. - The water pressure in the shower was fantastic and the water stayed hot. This is very important to me, as I take lengthy showers. - There were mirrors all over the room. Also important because I like to look at myself and so do the 2 other girls I was with. - There is food all the time. Drinks, too. - The location is great! Close to everything! Right in the middle of the action. - Barring the outside noise from the party from 5pm- 5am, our room was quiet. - The view from the room enabled us to people watch and I LOVE watching people. Especially drunk people. - The drinks. Tasty is the only word that comes to mind. CONS: - The party that went on until 5am. I know its Miami and its Spring Break but my Lord...there was a party EVERY night right outside my window. Maybe if I was 21 or if I was awake until 5am, it wouldnt have been a problem. Had I had known that, I probably wouldve booked a room on the other side. Or maybe I'm just getting old. - The bathroom. We could see each other through what I am assuming was supposed to be an opaque sliding door. Imagine going into the bathroom and sitting on the toilet only to have everyone in the room say: "Mita are you on the toilet?! We can definitely see you.' OR my personal favorite: "Mita, step to the left, we can all see your boobs." Great. Eventually we got used to it and started doing fake sexy dances behind the door but initially...definitely weird. - The room keys kept getting deactivated. I think we got at least 4 new sets of keys. - The DJ was ass. His selection was terrible. I would absolutely stay here again and again...just on the other side.
Walking the streets of South Beach and we hear loud exciting awesome music and we see a pool and outdoor bars. I figured this was my type of scene and I must go in. I had a great time! The DJ was amazing and everyone was dancing. Drinks were delicious but definitely pricey. The price of two pina coladas was thirty bucks but I'm on South beach so I expected that.
After walking down ocean in debate of where to go for lunch, ESPN filming across the street from the Clevelander caught our attention. I hadn't been back since they reopened, so I popped in for lunch with hubby and family from out of town..   They have a great vibe, frozen drinks, fun music.. its a touristy place, but great for locals. Girls running around in their bikinis, and a tempting monster sized drink for $80 (we almosttttt got  it... was so close) My husband ordered his favorite addiction.. a mojito, and about peed his pants in joy when he got it.. It came with the sugarcane stick, which no one does!  Bonus points..  We started off with the calamari, and whatever sauce it came with was spectacular.. spicy, but very good.. I had a greek salad and topped it off with mahi.. The mahi was cooked perfectly, salad wasn't so bad either.. My sister ordered the cobb, very big.. with thick strips of applewood smoked bacon on top.. it made me want to switch plates :)   We also got a steak burger... it wasn't that it was bad, but it wasn't exactly a "steak".. more like ground steak into a burger patty... really wasn't in the mood for a burger... thought a chunk of steak on a sandwich would be better.. so they should specify when it's ordered that its ground up.. Overall fun experience.. Definitely a good place to people watch, and you can always expect to see some characters.. Oh- and another bonus.. they serve breakfast until 2pm!!! Unfortunately I woke up a little late this morning, but.. will keep that in mind for the future!
I visit Miami very often, and I always have a great experience in Miami, except for when I stayed at the Clevelander with my friend. It was the worst experience that we ever had staying at a hotel. It is extremely distressing for a frequent traveler to experience such poor service. Before I share my awful experience at the Clevelander, I would like to stress the good points. It is conveniently located on Ocean Drive, it is near the beach, the food was delicious and the security in the evening was superb. However, overall, I would not give high ratings to this hotel, nor would I recommend it to anyone. When my friend and I arrived, our room was not ready. I understand that this can be the case with hotels sometimes, but this was the first time I was told to come back later. We were not compensated for this inconvenience.  I was told that someone would contact us as soon as it was ready and if we waited a little bit longer that we would get a "better" room. I didn't realize until that night that we were next to the Staff Elevator. It was noisy and extremely uncomfortable at all times. We got very little sleep. I complained after the first night, but we were told that we were not able to switch rooms. The next morning, to our surprise, we discovered that the elevator was not in service. We were forced to walk up and down three flights of stairs in the heat throughout the whole day. We were very upset, especially given the fact that we had to carry heavy shopping bags. I think the staff could have done better by alerting us with a note apologizing for this inconvenience early morning and offering refreshing complimentary beverages at the very least or offering to assist us with our bags. That same day, we went to the front desk to ask for beach towels and the friendly employee behind the counter told us that they "ran out" of clean towels. It is a nice gesture to offer complimentary beach towels for the day, but if the Clevelander offers clean linen to all of the guests, then someone should keep track when the stock starts to run out or maybe the hotel needs to order more linen. Throughout our time there, I was most shocked at how unknowledgeable the staff was at the Clevelander! I had asked for a bus map, but nobody could provide one. Instead they suggested I use my phone. Another time I had asked about the nightlife around Miami for that particular weekend, but nobody, not even your "Rockstar Concierge" could give me suggestions. Other questions we had regarding shopping, restaurants, and activities (such as parasailing and jet skiing) remained unanswered. I expected someone at the hotel to help us out since we weren't familiar with South Beach. I feel that more training can be done. Our last night was pretty bad. We came back to the hotel earlier than the other nights because we had to catch our flight the next day. When we got to the elevator, we saw a line of more than 25 people waiting for the elevator to take them to the lounge/club. We were furious! The line was indescribably long, practically out the door. I insisted that guests go first. After all, we are paying guests at the hotel! I was told the next day that the club is a new addition to the Clevelander. While this is great news, it was definitely a hassle for us. We should not have to wait on line to get to our room. In understand that it is a small hotel and there is only one elevator available, but if anything, there should be two lines: one for guests, and one for outsiders. There were other details that bothered us on our trip that may seem trivial, but are actually make the whole stay not enjoyable when you add them up. For instance, the house keeping service was lousy. We never had enough towels and whoever cleaned our rooms shuffled our luggage and belongs around. Another detail is that there are no ice machines or mini fridges in the hotel. I do not understand how a hotel does not have an ice machine, especially since it is extremely hot and humid most days! I have a very bad injury and had to go to the kitchen and ask someone working at the Clevelander kitchen for some ice so I could treat my injury. This whole experience has been a horrible one. I am a frequent traveler and this was my first time staying at the Clevelander. I am very unhappy with the customer service I received. The staff at the Clevelander was not helpful at all. I do hope that the customer service improves in the future.
Great service, atmosphere, and scenery. Best night place I went to in South Beach. Go for the bucket helmets.
What's not to love about the Clevelander??? It's loud. It's cheesy. It's touristy. Its outside. Its on Ocean Dr. It's fun...every single night. Ok, ok. So there are some things not to love, like the overpriced drinks, the cover if you get there after 9pm, and the music is mostly Top 40 nonsense. But there's always something going on here. I saw DubFire here for WMC 2014 if that tells you anything. And when it rains, they escort to the hotel bar on the 2nd floor where the fun continues. Clevelander is one of those places for locals (like everything on Ocean Dr) that you just hate to love and love to hate.  It's a love/hate thing.
Good food, good drinks, nice spot.  But be prepared to shell out some serious cash...$120 for lunch for four!  And none of us got anything extravagant.   HOWEVER...if you want a good South Beach experience, some great people watching, good food, and don't mind spending a bit too much, this is a great spot.  They sell mixed drinks by the pitcher for God's sake, they can't be all bad...of course, the pitcher is $50...
I LOVED the food!! Drinks were overpriced but its to be expected since its a big tourist atmosphere. Other than that, it was awesome!!
This review is for the Restaurant, I stayed at the Essex House (Their sister property next door).  What sets the Clevelander apart from all other restaurant steps away on Ocean Drive is their impeccable service.  I ate here several times in my week long stay in South Beach.  The wait staff remembered my friends and I, the waiters to the bus boys, the restaurant manager and sous chef even introduced themselves to us and stayed and talked with us for awhile.  Their friendly outgoing attitudes were like nothing else we experienced in all of our South Beach Restaurant Dining.  On top of that the food, although nothing fancy, was delicious, I recommend their burger and pizza. Frankzilla was our waiter and if there was a Michael Phelps of servers he would be it.  I am in the hospitality business myself and as an insider I have nothing but praise for this establishment. As far as the atmosphere is concerned, I agrees with all other review, it's always busy, always a good crowd.  It is a bit of a mixed crowd, young, old, all ethnicities, great vibe any time of the day.  In the evening we treated it more as an after house spot, good DJ, dance floor over the pool, plenty of bartenders, etc. I highly recommend the Clevelander as a must for any South Beach going patrons, request Frankzilla as you waiter, he an angel.
This place is great! Definitely a party atmosphere. Great drinks and girls in tiny tank tops ans short shorts. Pool in the middle of the patio with a dance floor and loud rockin techno beats. It's a club scene but outside! we wanted a cigar while there and they have a server that walks around with a tray of cigarettes and cigars. We had the Honey and a strawberry. Very flavorful and smooth. At the bar we had the very famous Miami Vice, half rum runner and half Pina colada. Definitely yummy!  A must try while in Miami.
Pros Great service Good food Loved our drinks   Cool not pretentious crowd Cons None When in Miami Beach you should def check this place out...
* bar review; not hotel * The Clevelander is in a great location. My friend and I went here on a Sunday night. To our surprise, there was a decent amount of people. The music was good; the dance floor had a crowd. The bartenders were very friendly; they made time to talk to us and suggest items on their menu (but not in a pushy way). The drink prices aren't too bad considering they are directly on Ocean Drive. I will definitely come back the next time I am in Miami.
First off- let me start by saying I came here on a rainy (EXTREMELY RAINY) football Sunday. I really liked how helpful the staff!! They made sure the outdoor seating that was somewhat covered, was dry enough for us to sit on. My boyfriend & I ordered a couple drinks & some chicken tenders which came out super quick! Chicken tenders weren't out of the ordinary but good all in all. After the rain picked up some more we decided to move indoors. There was 1st & 2nd floors both with LOTS of TVs & seating! This is a plus for football goers on Sunday!! We ordered a pizza inside with a bucket of beers.. Pizza was awesome!! Waitstaff inside was awesome too!! All in all, this place rocked for football Sunday!!
So much fun - overpriced,  etc? Who cares!   This is all about shots,  beers,  some random shenanigans and the occasional burger.  But the music and the scene are all that matter - and they are good!
My wife and I came here for the Mountaineer Meet and Greet for the 2012 Orange Bowl (Let's Go...Mountaineers!).  Bar was laid out well, a little tight as we had TONS of fans there but that was to be expected.  We had unseasonably cold weather (a high of 57 degrees that day) but the bar had gas heat warmers throughout the outside bar area.  Bar specials were pretty good, $25 for buckets of 6 - 16oz Bud Lights, and shots of tequila for $5 if you bought buckets.  Needless to say our group partook to the fullest. Bartenders and waitstaff were excellent.  Our waiter Phil was quick, cool and pretty awesome.  They ran out of 16oz Bud Lights so to our surprise, Phil brought us 6 - 12oz Bud Light Platinum, which tasted ok and was 6% ABV and made up for the oz difference! Some of our group had food and said it was delicious. I'd recommend this place if you want a great party atmosphere, some day drinking or an evening out with friends.
If I could award this disaster of a hotel zero stars, I would. One word sums up the Clevelander succinctly: trash. It's absolutely filthy, the rooms are tiny, and the security staff will physically assault hotel guests. More to come as far as this review is concerned but BEWARE this place. I don't want any other unsuspecting potential guests to book here and experience the horror.
I stayed at a hostel around the corner from here and someone recommended I check this place out. It was a Saturday night and I was a bit hesitant since everything on Ocean Blvd seemed to have a cover.  However, it took less than 3 minutes to get in with ZERO cover ( and no, didn't have a group of girls from Miami with me).   Once up top, the view was really nice, not spectacular.  You could see most of South Beach and a snippet of downtown.  The place wasn't that crowded and they were playing electronic/techno.   The drinks were good, I had a mojito.  Someone had recommended a "Miami Vice" but there didn't have anymore.   Overall, the venue was awesome, the drinks were great, and the music was really good.  If you're not into electronic/music, I wouldn't recommend coming here. The people there were cool, it was a good mix between tourists and locals. If you're in Miami for a short amount of time and want a relaxing night out without all the pretense, I recommend stopping by this place for a drink or two.
REVIEW ON THE BAR NOT HOTEL Stopped by on a Saturday night, grabbed a table and was ready to have fun. Drinks were pretty good. Got the hot wings they were pretty good as well. Overall it was a pretty good vibe. Good music! Chill people! Reasonably priced
The greatest part about the Clevelander is the fact that the whole setting is outside.   There are multiple bars and plenty of room and usually always a scene no matter what night of the week it is.  I spent the last two nights there while visiting South Beach and I only returned the second night because I had so much from the first.   Once you have had your fill or the bar closes I highly recommend walking out to the beach which is less than a block away and continuing there.  You can order a drink at the bar and take it with you out to the beach without a problem.
The Clevelander is a totally shameless frat party right on the boardwalk. You should know exactly what you're getting yourself into when you come in. Even if you don't read Yelp reviews first, you can see the shenanigans as soon as you walk in and there should be no surprises. However, I was pleasantly surprised when the bartenders were friendly and fairly speedy, and overall we had a fun time here. The drinks are high in price for sure, but when you're in Miami and right off the beach, you shouldn't be surprised to pay double digits for drinks. I got one of their rum rummers for a little under 15 bucks including tip. Each transaction includes an 18% gratuity. I was fine with that, and appreciated that the bartenders were super up front with telling you that. The only thing I didn't really enjoy here was the lack of shade on a hot summer day. I heard that in order to score a table with an umbrella, you need to ring up a pretty pricey bar tab. Maybe another time. When someone else is paying.
Had a great experience here 2 weeks ago - there was a half price menu during happy hour, LOTS of entertainers, great music, the place was packed, Margarita Pizza was FABULOUS, everyone was NICE and happy (no idiots!), and it was a great raging party again.  LOTS OF FUN!!!  Thanks!!
Review of the Bar I was in town for a bachelor party with 4 other guys and we spent our nights here. We stayed from 10/16 -  10/18. first night was pretty quite and we just enjoyed the music and had tons of drinks. only problem was a few people kept walking around and asking if any of us wanted any "blow." Second night was even better when we managed to luck out and mix with a bachelorette party that just got in town looking for a good time. i was able to party with one till about 4:30 am because of all the fun we were all having. and jess from maryland, if your out there... msg me
We had a fair share of hiccups (which I will share with you), but nothing that would make me not LOVE this hotel! The Good: 1) Amazing service. From the moment we walked in, we were welcomed by our hosts Domingo and Alan. They gave us a full run down of what we would expect, showed us to our room, and of course provided us with their signature welcome drink -- Pina Colodas! 2) Amazing outdoor hotel bar. The most fun I had at South Beach was at the outdoor hotel bar on the main floor. There is also a rooftop bar with AMAZING views, but all the fun is on the main floor. They have a great MC who interacts with the crowd with some kinky games and contests. 3) Weekday happy hour! Half off drinks and food during the week here. We pretty much lived off bar food during the week because the prices were that good. Non-happy hour prices ARE expensive though. 4) Steps away from the beach and a prime location. You are in the heart of it all at the Cleavlander. You are literally a stones throw away from the beach. The Bad: 1) Small rooms, EXPENSIVE. I love this hotel and will likely return but wow did I have sticker shock! You will pay a lot for even the most basic room. 2) Noise -- but that's expected. I did not mind the racket in the hallways since you SHOULD expect this. I'm only pointing it out because this could bother some folks. 3) DO NOT BUY ANY PACKAGES. We worked with the hotel to get a package deal set up. We had arranged it so that we would pay $45 for a 2 hour open bar (at another location), limo ride and free entry into Mansion. What we discovered is the promoter changed the open bar venue on us to a dusty, quiet hotel bar. He also changed the open bar times on us, so we missed out on a solid hour. The limo ride was packed (there were about 20 people in there) and the ride was literally 2 minutes (not worth it). Oh and we also discovered that others paid $25 for the identical package when they booked with a different promoter. I suggest if you want to go the package route, don't go through the Clevelander. Do the bookings on your own. Overall, I was happy with my stay and will be back!
I'm not going to lie - this place is trashy and disgusting, and that's what I love about it. Now, I don't make a habit of coming here often on my own, but whenever someone is in from out of town we always end up here. They're always shocked, appalled, and leave having had an amazing time. Example: one of the last times I was here a girl that looked exactly like Michael Jackson was up on the stage, took her top off, and gave another girl a topless lap dance while the entire crowd cheered them on. Where else but in Miami do you get that kind of show on a Saturday afternoon poolside? That basically gives you the gist of what you're going to get here. A lot of tourists looking to get loose; a crowd that's looking to have a wild and crazy time. Because of this, the music is always great (fun, popular tunes) and the liquor is always flowing (at expected South Beach prices). Apparently they also have a pretty good happy hour (I've yet to make it in time) where everything is half price during the week from 4-7. Not a bad deal considering this place is always pretty packed so you'll get a good bit of the experience no matter what. I've had some of the food here and it's not bad. Not much else to say here as you're not really coming for the food, but they do an OK job. Parking on Ocean is a nightmare - hit the garage on 7th and walk on over.
Tourist trap! But also a great place to dance drink and enjoy yourself around the pool!
This is play-land for adults. No one can do wrong here. The staff is the epitome of incredible. I had more than fifteen transactions here over my stay and after each one i was astounded how amazing everyone is! The music is great and the drinks are SO good.
Mediocre at best. I don't know why people love the food and drinks. It's really poor quality and not worth the higher price mark.
I've only been to the club/bar whatever you like to call it so my review is on the bar. Drinks: totally not overpriced.  What is everyone talking about?? This ain't NYC, you guys think this is bad? Sorry to bust your bubble when you buy a $20 drink in NY.   Downside to it? The drinks are cheap liquors, it's fake liquor.  You ask for a Dewar's and you get a hangover.  You ask for a gg, and you get a Georgi in a Grey Goose bottle.  Delicious! Not.  I woke up feeling wretched the next day.  Only after 1.5 drinks, I couldn't drink anymore of it! Music: Super awesome. Well, walking in while they're playing "I'm from NY" is kind of awesome.  It was like my own little entrance and all eyes were on me.  (Maybe it was because I was singing off key in a hoochie dress, but this is my review damnit.)   The DJ kept it going with a nice mix of R&B some old Biggie some of us non rappers trying to rap our way through the night. And the bathroom? Girl's bathroom? What? No line? No wait?  Do girls even pee anymore? I found this oddly strange the place was packed and there was barely anyone in the bathroom? No girls doing cocaine in the stalls?  No girls throwing up in the toilets.  Unreal. I stayed until the night was over, and the worst part...I had some guy stalk me.  He wouldn't leave me alone, kept begging for my number.  He even followed me out to my car, asked to take a photo with me.  I'm no celebrity. But the best part is he asked where I was staying, I didn't want to tell him.  My cousin said, "Sofitel, room 236".  I screamed at her for telling him!  You can tell he was one of those psychos who probably would've came to the hotel.  My friends and I got into the car and we left...we were never staying at Sofitel. ha.
It's funny, you can walk down the entirety of Ocean at night and this will be the only place poppin'. (Except maybe Mango's down the street, but it's a different crowd all together) The music they play is a little out-dated, not the newest, but rather like a  few years old so you definitely know all the words. There's still something about dancing outside that makes you feel so uncomfortable & exposed without getting boozed up first. Not to mention all the creepy men standing around the dance platform. There's also a pool but I didn't see anyone swimming. It's a good place to hang out in the afternoon/evening during happy hour. You get carded before even walking in. Their big drinks are half price and you can add Coronas & shots for a few bucks more. Alicia was our server, she was awesome. Party atmosphere, nice people, games on the TV.
This place sucks!!!  unless you are in the mood for an overpriced spring break/rap video setting.  Service with an attitude. The food is decent. the vibe not so much(unless what I stated earlier is your thing.)   They have a cool karaoke on Monday nights with a band and a large bar tab prize. For people seeking the spring break experience I did witness a women in her 30's receiving cunnilingus in the pool. Choose wisely.
This place is the place to go when you are in South Beach and don't want to go to a club. First things First, this place is not cheap to drink at.  You are across from the Ocean and it is outdoors which is the big draw.  The other reason why it is so expensive is that they need to pay for the remodel they just did. Also, like most places in SoBe, tip is included.   They do have Bikini contests here which is a lot of fun to go to for both men and women.  They change the time often, so make sure you ask when you are there. Avoid this place as a hotel unless you plan on staying up all night.  This place is very loud till very early in the morning.
Im a local and every time I pass by Ocean Drive, The Clevelander always catches my attention. It is always playing great music! Theres always a party and great light system they have at night. Ive eaten and drank here. Food is great and drinks are good. It is a good spot to watch sports or if you want to party! Always have a good time coming here.
Pretty cool Place, good atmosphere, nice bartenders and you can have a Cuban cigar right there while enjoying the beach. The reason it doesn't get that 5th star is because of the stupid Plastic cups (seriously, What am I 5 yrs old?) And the Limited Menu. Will definitively come back (and bring my own Margarita Glass with me).
LOVE THIS PLACEEEEEEE!!!! This is my first stop as soon as I get off the plane every time I visit! (This and wet willies of course!) Never had a bad experience here. Miami vice drink is off the hook! Food is good too! Decently priced. Free to get in during the day. Cover charge after 9 or 10pm (not sure what time, but it's $10 for girls, $20 for guys). Rooftop is free to get in. Great music. Outdoor spot. You can get away with pretty much wearing anything from sneakers to heels. Guys can wear t-shirts or tank tops (unlike Mangos a few blocks away where guys aren't allowed in with tank tops past 10!). It's Miami. You should be able to wear what you want! TVs everywhere so you can watch games when they're on. They also have a small indoor bar towards the back with a full bar and tables. TVs also.) This entire place has a higher-than-a-sports-bar feel, but not as fancy as a club. Bartenders are great! Definitely go here!
Pros... *Location....close to every good place on Ocean Drive. *Crowd...cute girls (boys for the ladies) including the shot girl in a tiny ass bikini :) *Prices...actually not bad for South Beach...pitchers of beer were around $17, which is twice what you find outside the area, but you would spend $30 to get the same amount of beer in bottles at the other areas. *Fun...laid back, good crowd. Con... *Parking. However we got a great spot right on the beach - but that was pure luck. *Seems to slow down at nite, appears to get really busy during the afternoons.
Great music and Great Atmosphere!  Great place to people watch and hang out with friends and meet new ones:)
Came here for some lunchtime debauchery on a sunny Friday morning in October and it was great!! I ordered an awesome chicken wrap & fries and washed it down with a couples of cold ones! The waitress was great, real attentive, crowd was decent, good mix of tourists & locals. I'm sure the place is even more awesome at night! Headed back to SoBe in 2 weeks, so I'm def gonna make a stop at this place!
I know this review is timely but I'm no bandwagoner: I've been a fan of The Clevelander for a while. Yes, it's on Ocean. Yes, it's a scene. Yes, it can be filled with loud out-of-towners making bad decisions. But... it's on Ocean (with a view of the beach). It's a scene (you're in Miami, [redacted]!). It's filled with out-of-towners making bad decisions (whether you want to observe or join in, it's a party). While The Clevelander is known for its late night carousing, sports-love, C-level balconies, fruity frozen drinks, karaoke, and semi-naked servers, there's more to this Sobe icon. Namely, the location. Don't believe me? Come here on a lazy Friday afternoon in the fall. Order a frozen beverage (forget the beer cred; you're at The Clevelander and you should give in to the entire experience). Sit at a table facing east. Feel the breeze. Look at the beach. Look at the beachgoers. Sip your beverage. Recognize that this is your life. Not so bad, eh? I can imagine that late at night it's a different story and, indeed, I've been here late at night when TC is packed to the gills, there's a cover to get in and the likelihood of getting spilled on is high. That's no fun. Anywhere. But, besides watching the drama of drunken cryfests/hook ups/bad dancing at 2 in the morning, I remind myself that I can steal away during the day time for a tasty sandwich and fries and take my time taking in the sun, fun and scene of one of Ocean's most tolerable entities for locals (you know what I'm talking about). It's almost Friday. Where are you spending your late lunch?
Been here before. They play pretty good music. Definitely a great spot to people watch. The dancefloor is above half of the pool. We saw a guy jump into the pool in his underwear. Great entertainment but super hot. Its outdoors so you only have a huge fan blowing on the dance floor. If you sit at a table there is a two drink minimum even if you already walk up to the bar, that doesnt count. The music is hip hop, for the most part but has a mix here and there. Also went to the roof top club above the hotel, very nice view. Small cabana sitting area with a waterfall type deal on the wall with florescent lights that change colors. The drinks were pretty pricey but that is everywhere in South Beach area. The female DJ was playing top 40, my first thought was who's top 40 was this. After a bit she started playing some pretty good songs. Worth a try. Met some cool people.
My cousins urged me to visit this place when I visited South Beach since they had such a blast when they visited years ago. My friends and I got to the Clevelander and thought, WTF is so great about this place? The first time we visited, it was around 7 p.m. so we grabbed a table, and our waiter was friendly and efficient. The second time we visited, it was around 10 p.m. and a bit more packed. We hit the bar, and the bartender was a old hag from hell. I know the service industry and dealing with tourists and drunk people can get old fast, but WOW this chick... Drinks are expensive here and not worth it. I'm pretty sure the next time I'm in Miami or South Beach that I will not visit.
Every time I go to the Clevelander I feel at home.  Great music, great atmosphere, and AMAZING drinks! It's ALWAYS a good time.  I can't wait to come back!
I was in South Beach for work, and a coworker took me here for lunch. He wanted to make sure I got a glimpse of the South Beach scene... and yup... sure did. I've lived by the ocean in different cities for almost 5 years now, so I know the definition of a tourist trap and what exactly that entails... and ya know what? Sometimes that's OK. Huge, huge HUGE fruity drinks... I can't remember the exact ounce-dge but the glass was bigger than my head! Normally a $32 drink, but luckily for us it was happy hour. :) The "scene" was absolutely there.... we sat outside facing the beach, saw vacationers living it up, scantily clad, skinnier than thou servers in hot pants and a ton of folks arriving for Memorial Day weekend. I did not have high expectations for the food selections, but I was pleasantly surprised by the tachos. (What?! Tater tots that are covered in nacho goodness?!) I dove right in and was a happy girl and they helped soak up some of the alcohol from the fruity frozen concoction. Pizza, eh, not good at all but my thoughtful coworker lugged it around with him all day and ended up giving to a homeless guy on the beach. Speaking of beach, after lunch, we just jumped across the road and hit it up. Great location, I'd say a must for a vacationer. Great people watching here with a great view.
Had the best time at the Clevelander last Friday! Was with a group of 9 girls (bachelorette party) and we had spent all morning/early afternoon at the beach and decided to roll up to the Cleveleander (in our suits and cover-ups) and grab a few drinks. Arrived around 3 PM and were able to be sat close to the DJ Booth with our whole party. Thanks goodness - we got there JUST in time! Twenty minutes later I looked around and people couple barely move around it was so packed! Our group ordered the HUGE drinks (30 bucks a pop) and they definitely got everyone going (and man, we only needed that one). The music was loud and fun and we even got a pic with DJ Pauly D right before he sat down at the table next to us! Everyone enjoyed their food (nothing out of the ordinary but the chicken fingers were delish) but it was definitely the BEST way to end our afternoon!
Not sure what else I can add to the hundreds of reviews.  It is a typical tourist trap.  Loud and full of drunk people young and old.   My one tip:  They automatically tack on 18% tip for any order!!!!  There are tiny signs around that bar that state this but I highly doubt people actually pay attention.  Someof the bartenders are nice enough to point this out when you pay but beware of double dipping!!!!
Priced for the naive tourist set, incredibly loud music, flashing lights, bring you own dbag to bop his head at tempo. That's at night. One star added for the reasonable lunch we had here during the daylight hours. Burger and fries were at least 5 guys level (at Ruth's Chris prices).
Eh... maybe it was a personal experience vs. what the Clevelander actually had to offer, but I wasn't blown away with this place. A group of us for a bachlorette party weekend stopped by and hung out on the rooftop bar for a while, but it was pretty chilly, there wasn't much room to sit or stand, and the music was pretty awful with screaming rap and ghetto rap playing.
Clevelander is a fun hot spot to dance all night until the morning! Great music and everyone in the place is dancing non stop! So much fun can't wait to return!
Visited the Clevlander during Ultra. The party atmosphere was pretty good. However, the menu is limited to basic bar food. Wings, burgers, wraps and salad. My BF ordered a burger which he was pleased with. I had chicken tenders. Just blah. Fries came out cold but the manager replaced them immediately. Customer service was good. But THEE worst part was the drinks. We both ordered the $30 Peach Lemonade with one extra shot. Tasted like pure juice.  We added 3 extra shots of Ciroc Peach for a total of four shots and still NOTHING.  Kinda wish we would have gotten a bottle.  Apparently,  mixed drinks are a rip off at the Clevelander.
Good crowd, good music, and open till 6am, so plenty of time to enjoy yourself!
I love it here drinks are a bit pricey but the energy is great. I really had a problem with the security didn't know what the new Passport ID look like or thought it was a fake ID. haven't tried any food but will come back to review.
A Miami staple, located right off of the busy street of Collins.  Hear that music bumping from about 5 blocks away?  Its probably the Clevelander .... it hosts one of Miami's most fun outdoor bar scenes.  At night, the pool is covered by a dance floor and there's a stage where the DJ is playing some of the best hip hop tracks.  The music is good, the service is fast .. what more could you ask for?  If you don't mind paying a $10 cover, come to the Clevelander to shake your group thing and people watch the beautiful people of Miami.
It's kind of like--ok, our friend is in from out of town.  We'd better take them here for the famous rum-runners (tm) and just to say they've been. Then we'll skiddaddle! Ok, it's not like that--it's exactly like that. And there approximately one MILLION better places to grab a bite on the beach.  Save your pennies.
This is regarding the bar, not the hotel. Never stayed there. Typical So. Beach mess, nothing unexpected. Unremarkable overall. Just beers, a DJ and a bunch of drunks.
Going to keep it short and simple here. I have never been here during the day for lunch or dinner. I have never stayed a night at the hotel. I simply come here some Friday or weekend nights to have a great time with my friends without the whole having to stay in a line for hours or pay a high cover charge or having to dress in high designer clothing. This place is everyone and you will have a good time till dawn, trust me! At night the outside bar area turns into a club scene with a DJ and a stage with entertainment. There is limited seating when it turns into a club scene but who wants to sit down when you can dance or post up. This truly is a place to come and let your hair down on South Beach. Turn up!
Ha d agreat time last night at The Clevelander Bar. Lots of fun! We had the Chicken Wings and a House Mojito. The wings were great and just 1 Mojito had me feeling allright. Lots of nice people too.
In short: I came here once during my Miami visit and I'd definitely come back next/each time I'm in Miami! After getting 2 recommendations to come here, my boyfri. and I stopped in to watch the Eagles lose this past Saturday (biggest disappointment of my trip lol) and I must say I am definitely a fan of The Clevelander! We sat inside at the bar area the whole time because there were tv's all along the wall and I'm pretty sure the outside area was strictly the club part this place... like a few other reviewers said, most of their clientele are twenties, borderline-douchebaggy frat boy types but they weren't too bad so don't let them deter you from stopping by here. Service/food: We sat at the bar and a pretty bartender came, got us menus, and took our order right away. She even gave us a free round of shots because she noticed my birthday just passed! ;) ...$15 for a medium sized pepp. pizza is a little expensive but it was surprisingly gooood, I'd go back for more if I could! Wings weren't memorable but still good. Drinks were usual Ocean Ave prices. $8 for a Heineken and $11 for a frozen daq. SO basically, if you're staying near Ocean and you're looking for a spot to watch a game, this is a pretty good place to go. This is obviously a TRENDY type place so if you're not into that and like dives more, skip this place! I throughly enjoyed The Clevelander and I work at a popular, local sports bar/restaurant myself so my standards for this place were a little higher than other places we went during our trip... A little better than average game-time food (but for typical Ocean Ave prices), friendly, pretty bartenders and servers wear small black shorts so there's some eye candy for those who need it lol, and they'll play the game sound over the speakers if it's a popular game.. Next time I'm here, I need to try the outside bar!
Stayed there from 8/22/11 to 8/24/11.  Great atmosphere to party, rooms was small but very quaint. If you can't sleep with noise at night, they provide you with ear plugs. Overall great experience. Make sure you try the pulled pork during happy hour. Mike Shotti from rockstar was of great help. We didn't use any of his services but was very helpful with picking out restaurants to go to as well what was going on at night other than the party at the Will definitely go back!
We came to the pool area bar while walking down Ocean Dr.  They had loud music and misting fans on, which was a welcome sight at 3 PM on a hot and muggy Wednesday afternoon.  The drinks were plentiful and happy hour was great. Beily and Eta, our bartenders, were awesome and very friendly.  Looking forward to seeing them again when we return!
Came for lunch. The food exceeded expectations, and was surprisingly good. I would recommend getting the tater tachos! Tater tots with nacho toppings! Not something you see everyday. Skip the fish tacos. The pizza is average, so if you're hungry, I would say go for it. The servers are very friendly, which is a plus. Not a bad place to get lunch.
I love the atmosphere of this place. its one of the few places on the strip that don't have a cover charge. Plus you"re guaranteed to have a good time at any time of the day. I love it here.
Awesome...even on a Sunday afternoon. Can't wait to go back.
Got a huge mojito with 4 shots of tequila in these lil' test tubes for $23. The whole block is filled with gigantic drinks, so take your pick! I liked how you could choose on drinking the shots or pouring them in so you can manage how strong your drink tastes, hehe. They should totally provide these kinds of drinks in the clubs!
Inviting atmosphere, Decent music (DJ), cold beer and $5 shots of 1800. Oh, great burgers too!
It's basically a big outdoor club.  Drinks are pricey and watered down, but there is a dance floor and plenty of seating.  If you want to go somewhere and just listen to music and drink frozen sugar water, then this is the place to go.  The staff there is pretty friendly.   Tip - If you want to get buzzed, skip their frozen drinks.  My wife has pretty low tolerance and ordered one of their huge 40+ ounce drinks for like $30.  She didn't even get a buzz.  I ordered like 5 of those frozen cocktail things and barely got a buzz either but this really isn't much different than what we experienced at other places in SOBE so pretty normal.
Service is great, but they tried to scam us. We tried to watch the Mayweather/Alvarez fight and we were told that if we sat at the bar, there would not be a minimum charge. We were polite, tipped well and waited patiently for the fight. Around 8 o clock when the preliminary fights were going to happen, we were told by management that we would need to spend an additional $50 after 9 pm to watch the fight. I felt that my time was wasted. We were told one thing earlier in the evening and then blindsided. I will not be returning here.
This is probably the most happening bar on Ocean Drive.  It's outdoors, so you get plenty of people watching and drivers cruising up and down the blvd.  There's lots of bars, so it's always easy to get a drink.  The night I was there, the DJ was really great and getting people on the dance floor which is set up over the swimming pool. I was about to get a couple of Corona's and the bartender suggested a Pitcher.  I found out that a bottled beer was about $10 and the pitcher was only $18.  That's great customer service.
I loved, loved this place! I am a picky girl- I know! I visited this outside restaurant/bar on the outside of this location. It was beautiful. The music was awesome! The ambiance was spectacular, the food was delicious, yummy tachos, everyone should have this potato version of the nachos it was great. The staff was WOWWW!!!! Talk about customer service- the best I received in South Beach.  I was impressed because there are some rude workers on the strip. I believe my waitress was Chamara, she was very welcoming, full of smiles, knowledge and patience. Thanks for the experience!
1.50 stars.  If you've read a modicum of my reviews, it's pretty clear that I love quite a few things about South Beach.  The Clevelander is not one of them.   To me, the beauty of South Beach comes from the emergence of different cultural expressions into a unified whole.  Whether it is high end European fashion or humble Cuban cuisine, there is a level of color and pride in what people are doing that commands your respect.  A good percentage of South Beach reflects this character.   The Clevelander is a mid-end pretentious shit hole where drinks are egregiously overpriced and the staff is incomprehensibly rude.  Unfortunately, this is a part of South Beach as well.  Thankfully, it's a portion that appears to be dying and is being replaced with high end cocktail bars, extraordinary restaurants, and fashionable shops.  I will certainly not miss the days when places like this and the incorrigible Tantra are no longer part of the South Beach mantra but rather the laughingstock of yesteryear.  And thankfully, that day is coming soon.   There is a time and place for this bar.  It's when you are young and impressionable, and you think that the driving rhythmic noises of an outdoor night club represent fun.  It's when you think that paying a 400% percent premium on watered down drinks is OK since you are on vacation.  It's when you think that wearing a shirt that says, "I'm in South Beach, bitch" is a wise sartorial choice for the afternoon and the concept of an artificial line provides you with any emotion other than laughter.   There are people who will tell you that this is what South Beach represents.  And I will tell you that these are the exact same people who are entirely missing the point.   If you want to enjoy South Beach, take in the gorgeous sunsets, eat at some of the country's best restaurants that fall in every price range, allow yourself to fully embrace your own personal expression, and live like a human being.  Or you could just have some insipid drinks that may or may not contain a roofie or three, wait approximately thirty minutes in a line, get yelled at for absolutely no reason by staff who are suffering from a latent steroid-induced rage, and be another lame South Beach stereotype.  The choice is yours.  Choose wisely.
Great place to come wether it's Saturday during the day or Saturday night. And this includes every night of the week. The whole menu is at a reasonable price. I recommend the sex on the beach drink. Anyone who come should deff sit at a table and order some drinks with appetizers. Also they have a rooftop in which they open for guests to also enjoy music and drinks. The music is always urban.
Very fun. Loved the live current songs band. Attractive and talented. Drinks a little weak, stick with shots. Lots of seating and small dance floor/light show. Must do on any Miami night.
The Clevelander used to be one of my favorite places to come on Miami beach.  It's a great place to have fun without being pretentious.   HOTEL: Upon check in: "Would you be interested in a pina colada or strawberry daiquri?" me: "uh, I love you!" Rooms are small but clean and modern.  Yes it's noisy but you come here to party so if you are looking for a quiet place, go elsewhere or stay at home with your grandma.  You're in Miami beach and if you are visiting, you are partying PERIOD! I've stayed at the hotel on a number of occasions and was a huge fan until once incident broke my heart.... KEEP AN EYE OUT:  There was one occasion where my hotel bill was incorrectly charged because an employee thought they could satisfy their thirst at my expense thinking I wouldn't notice the extra $16 charge for two bottles of water.  I immediately contacted customer service who insinuated that perhaps I didn't want to pay for the water.  Not only was I offended but I demanded to speak with management adding that I was a repeat guest and had chosen to stay at their hotel on a number of other previous occasions.  Like seriously? I just shelled out 300something/night on a room for a few days, spent $ at the pool bar/restaurant and would complain about $16 in water?  Come on dude!  The principle of an establishment would defend such dishonorable staff disheartended me since I was such a huge fan of this place to begin with.  To their credit, management discovered I was telling the truth, apologized and immediately corrected the situation but that was ONLY after I was persistent.  You just have to pay attention for some dishonorable staff but that could happen anywhere I guess but this knocks off a star for my review. FOOD: I've had the Ahi tuna salad, nice big portion and pretty tasty.  Wings, fries, not bad or it could have been the massive alcohol comsumption, either way.  Frankie is one of the best servers they have there! POOL BAR: Delicious Miami Vices and Vodka Redbull slushies (go for the extra shot in the test tube).  Gratuity is included.  No wonder the bartenders and servers were EXTRA nice to me.... Daytime: Quiet for lunch; Crazy during HH with different performances and beautiful people; nighttime: crazy and party goes all night. Entertaining everytime I've gone (Dejays, bands, models, contests, overall FUN!) ROOFTOP BAR: No cover when I visited and more secluded if the pool area gets too overwhelming for ya.
This is a fun spot to be at on Miami Beach. Great location, near many people and things to do. Great frozen drinks and food. The atmosphere is very young and sexualized though. Depending on what you're going for it could be a hit or a miss. Definitely for younger crowds and people looking to hook up (although I'm a fan, NOT what I was there for).
The place is nice enough.  Cheap (all relative) drinks.  Average crowd.  Valet guy totally sucks.  I have never seen such inefficient valet.  Overall park somewhere else and stop by to party.
DRINKS!!! DRINKS!!!DRINKS!! gotta love the drinks big and will have you fuckd up on the strip I definitely have been 4 times and have had a great time!!
$10 cover on a Saturday night, not bad for South Beach.  ~$10 shots of SoCo lime, not bad for South Beach. The DJ this night played some good music but had musical ADD, where he only played 1-2 verses and he was off to the next song, maybe 30 seconds tops on some songs.  So once you get into the song, he's off to the next.  So after a while, that got old.  But we still had a great time dancing the night away. The dance platform was big enough. Then two of our friends got their cell phones stolen from their purses.  So just watch your surrounding or carry a clutch purse ladies.
looks like fun but I only stayed for an hour on a Tuesday. I want to come back and give it another try.
**WARNING - REVIEW FOR OUTDOOR POOL/BAR PATIO ONLY** The Clevelander seems to be a great spot on a late afternoon for a drink and some grub after beachin' it all day.  I like to stop here when the sun's still shining, and I am done being sandy, but want a late lunch bite with a crisp beverage to cool down.  After being at the beach all day, we came here on our way back to the hotel prior to getting freshened up for the night.  There was a good amount of people here at this time, chilling poolside with a beverage, and catching some rays.  We ordered a couple of mixed drinks and a Buffalo Chicken Pizza.  The pizza was AWESOME!  I don't know if this truly was the case, or if I was just starving so badly from food deprivation at the beach, but it was good!!  This place is a little pricey though, a pizza and 4 beverages later...comes an $80.00 bill.  It's a must visit while on South Beach, definitely worth checking out.  (I never ventured over here for the nightlife so I can't comment on that).
I've been to Miami practically every year for the past 10 years...Been to damn near every Miami hot spot. This past venture to Miami which was my 11th time there made it to Clevelander the first time ever! Wow, have I missed out over the years! Rating on the bar and not the hotel itself but the Clevelander is THE SPOT you wanna go to when you're not too much into the club scene and wanna avoid spending money to go to Mansion and Liv, not too much into the touristy scene and wanna avoid places like Mango's and the Deco beach restaurants. Clevelander is the place you wanna go to when you wanna drink, meet people, don't have to dress up and not worry about being "past your age limit" to be there. Drinks are F'N awesome...had the Deco Beach Margarita and the Carribbean Rum Punch...and was BEYOND pleased. Decent prices, gorgeous bartenders/waitresses. Friendly staff. Hugh TV to watch the games of the day. Cheerleaders, great DJ, bumpin' music. It is all someone can ask for in a Miami hot spot. Not to mention the place is super colorful, no dress code and with the exception of Friday and Saturday nights there is no cover charge! I don't know how I have gone so long with NOT coming here and how ironic that one of the best nights EVER I've had in Miami was here on my last night before heading back home this past Sunday. I don't know the next time I am coming to Miami being that I have to the age where I really wanna venture out to new destinations especially outside of the US, but rest assured the next time I may it back to South Beach whenever that is and whatever age that Clevelander will be my first and last stop while staying in Miami! It definitely is a place and experience you will NOT forget!
A MUST GO while in South Beach! Love their rum runners and happy hour finger foods.  Music is awesome and dancers are fun to watch :) perfect for all times of the day/night! Indoor bar available for Chicagoans who can't handle the extreme humidity ;) me included! Love it!!!
If you are a big sports fan and love the outdoors then this will be right up your alley! The Cleve is great for hanging out with ya boys during big games. They have every sports package you can imagine. Though drink prices can be pricey but hey you are on south beach haha. So be ready to spend although they do also have beer specials during games and great wings. Late nights they have live music, djs, a rooftop lounge and an inside club. If sure you will have a good time! Cheers!
Went for lunch and the food was so expensive and not very good. There were 3 of us and we each had a salad and cocktail. The cocktails were small and weak and the salad was no more than a plate of lettuce and a tomato.   The bill came to $120. The service was good and the staff was very friendly and the waitress was very nice. It is obvious they are mostly a night time bar and not a place to go for lunch. I wouldn't go there again.
If you are looking for the party atmosphere you will not be disappointed. I attended a day party on Saturday and it was amazing. The staff as well as the crowd was fun, and friendly. The drinks and appetizers are fairly priced. This is one of my favorite places to visit when I'm in Miami, just a ball of fun!
Went to The Clevelander for Spring Break.  Had the most awful experience ever.  I was a guest at the hotel and we decided to go out for a drink at the pool bar after an early night of drinking.  The bouncer did not believe it when me when I handed him my I.D. And then proceeded t hand it to 5 other bouncers.  Keep in mind I have a New York ID and they are a little hard to believe but they accused me of having a fake ID and told me the only way to get it back was to get a Miami Dade police officer.  I was completely humiliated and embarrassed in front of my friends and the whole hotel and bar.  I even had another form of ID with my picture on it and told them my room number.  They even looked up my name and saw I was in the correct room.  The bouncers and managers were very arrogant and rude and made me feel like I was 16 years old trying to get it a cool bar for spring break.  I complained to the manager the next day and all he did was offer a drink.  Which I never received.   I'm not sure I will ever be back.  The rooms were nice but small which was expected for a boutique-ish hotel but it is in a perfect location in South Beach. I did have fun at the pool the next day when we were there for happy hour.  Prices were still a bit up there but definitely reasonable for SoBe
I had an awesome time here. The happy hour drinks are fabulous and the servers are great. Best place to party night or day. I can't wait to go back. I'm back in new york but dream of the good times i had over the weekend. Oh the calamari is really good too.
Came here for some drinks and to dance and it was awesome!  Definitely a great way to start my vacation in Miami.  The drinks were fairly priced and after a few they did the job.
Went there last night around 2:45 AM after other plans didn't fall through...ladies were free and men had to pay an entrance fee of $10....had a great time...loved the vibe, the sounds, and the laid-back unpretentious attitude... Only complaint is that I wish they had the kitchen open ....while everyone around me wanted to get drunk, I just wanted some onion rings :-( !!! Bathrooms were quite clean considering the situation, the hour, and the level of drunkness in the area....staff were friendly..great place to end your night with cool people from around the world. Loved it!
Saw Dannic here at the CR2 Pool Party during WMC 2013.  Yeah, it is "intimate"- their pool was the size of a jacuzzi. Should have been called a Puddle Party har har har.
Probably one of the best spots on South Beach to start off a night.  Great deals, music and people watching
I was there on Friday around 1am and it was free entrance for girls and 10$ for guys. It was really good place with big place for sitting down and some area to dance. Great place if u wanna party but not "too crazy "
I was here a few days ago visiting Miami for my friend's birthday. We dined here twice on  separate occasions during our stay in Miami They have an outdoor dining area and bar with a DJ playing music. It's a great spot for people watching or having a good time. Service is pretty good considering it's a busy restaurant. I had the chicken ranch wrap with sweet potato fries. Overall the food was good. Gratuity is 18% and it's included in all meals as a service charge. Please be specific when paying cash because our waitress walked off with our change and didn't bring it back. I think it's proper to allow the customer to tip you not the other way around. Also, they do not spilt checks because their high customer volume.
*Apparently* living in South Florida your whole life and not going to the Clevelander is like living in NY and never going to the Statue of Liberty. One of my dearest friends, CeeCee, was celebrating her birthday last weekend and one of her coworkers sold her on the Clevelander as a place to hold her birthday celebration; according to said coworker, "everyone HAS to go and experience it at least once!" We arrived to the Clevelander around 10pm on a Saturday night and after a brisk ID check, we paraded in to the main level pool area and It was just as I imagined the restaurant/ bar/ danceparty/ mating grounds / open air extravaganza to be... except maybe a little dingier. I will hand it to them, The Clevelander really does cater towards tourist well. We all know that when we are on vacation, once the sun goes down, our main goals are to: 1) get drunk 2) drunk dance like nobody's watching 3) vacation nookie. Well with the multiple bars, randomly dispersed shot stations, and servers walking around asking you if you want a shot, I'd say your chances of getting blackout drunk are pretty high. Once your peripheral vision goes and the buzzing in your head starts to blend in with the umphz umphz beats of the music, it is time to shake your booty on the dance floor where there is no shortage of Ed hardy clad juice heads and girls who make underwear a fashion statement doing the Jersey turnpike to a club remix of Call me Maybe. Whether or not you complete vacation goal #3 is totally upon you, but The Clevelander sure does do everything in its power to increase your odds. As a place for locals, ehhh I'm not rushing back and I would say that had I never experienced this place, I don't think I would be any less woman for it. It was alright for my friend's birthday, but really just because we were a fun crowd. We scored a few tables and ordered food and drinks. The menu is the basic TGI Friday's type fare: salads, hamburgers, wraps, nachos, etc. I split a margarita pizza ($13.50) with the birthday girl and it was fine. I thought it tasted somewhat like skating rink pizza, but she really liked it. The sweet potato fries were a huge hit at the table and everyone was fine with their food. I mean, we went in knowing that we were not getting gourmet or anything. Big disappointment with the cobb salad CeeCee ordered though. After quick examination after it was placed in front of her, my friend asked the waitress if the dressing was already mixed in, to which the waitress said yes. CeeCee took a closer look at the salad and said it looked dry and could she please have a side of dressing. The waitress said, with quite and attitude may I add, that it was going to be 50 cents extra. Really? The drinks were much better than the food was. They have a really fun menu of cocktails and nearly all sounded fruity and delicious. They have frozen drinks too, if that is your pleasure. I got a "strawberry fields" and it was quite reminiscent of a strawberry lemonade. I have my doubts about how "adult" this beverage is however, I didn't taste or feel any liquor in it. The drink was 10$, which on a South Beach standard is pretty cheap, but there was what I'm approximating to be like 1/8 of a shot of liquor in it, so I probably got ripped off.   My hypothesis is that The Clevelander is one of those places that is super fun when you are drunk and all bets are off, but if you come here just looking for a chill night, you are going to feel like someone watching the monkey exhibit at the zoo.   Things to note about The Clevelander: No cover They don't split checks I got my ID checked 3 times while here. (sorry minors.. ) Gratuity included in the bill
Great people watching- expensive hard liquor! But OMG- sooo saw a hooker make a business deal!!' Love it! People watch is the best on Miami
Terrible Food!  My burger smelled and was out of a freezer!  The chicken fingers were also hard and out of a microwave.  The service was slow and our waiter disappeared.
HANDS DOWN THE BEST HOTEL TO STAY AT IN SOUTH BEACH. I honestly have so many great things to say that I could write a book. If you're looking to party & have a great time stay here. If not, then you probably shouldn't really be in the heart of South Beach. 1. The pina coladas they give you at check in, CLUTCH 2. The hotel staff is so accommodating they are absolutely willing to help you no matter what. Great at recommending places to go, etc. The staff is so friendly and cheerful, it makes you never want to leave. 3. The bar is amazing and the food is as well. Just be aware that 18% gratuity is included on ALL tabs (food & drinks). 4. Did I mention the pina coladas? 5. There's a rooftop party that hotel guests can go to without waiting on the line. 6. The security is so on point. They don't let stragglers wander around and they are so attentive to the hotel guests, especially if you've had a little too much to drink they will helpfully get you to where you're going! The only thing that my best friend & I found strange was the bathrooms in the hotel room.. see through doors? Whatever, spring break we didn't care - but some people might. ALSO, the closets are too small, but we made it work. Such an awesome place. Great food, great location, tons of fun!!!!!!!!!!!
If you're under 30, single and in South Beach, stop by the Clevelander at least once.  You'll see the best and worst of the locals and Spring Breakers on display.  If you're a guy, apply excessive amounts of Axe body spray, and if you're a girl, hike that miniskirt as high as it'll go.  If you think your outfit is sparkly enough, add one more piece of bling.  This, if I recall correctly, is official Clevelander etiquette.  Then put on your dancin' shoes, avoid beer-spillers and get out on the prowl! :-)
Came here for the recent NBA finals game 6 Heat vs Spurs, looking for a good time and we did get one. Drinks are expensive, what else can you expect in SoBe. The place is pretty huge with a gigantic basin in the center of their vacant gaping pool. No where to really sit and when we did find a table, the lady quickly came up and told us it's a $100 minimum to sit there. We didn't mind too much... but it was a small round table for two right next to the restroom and their service door. So much freakin traffic, you have no idea. We were about to order some pitchers until we saw their special for a half bottle (375ml) of grey goose and 4 red bulls for $75. Not too shabby. We ended up ordering that "boat" and requested for sugar free red bulls. It came out about 15 minutes later and we started downing as many ice cold "windex" flavored shots as we could. Next thing you know, we ordered another "boat" and our tab came out too $190 with tip and tax. Not too bad. Would I return... hmm maybe.
Looking to pay $14 for a weak drink...? How bout an additional $2 for a shot which brings the alcohol content to where it probably should have been to start with?  If this is what you've been dreaming of.... the Clevelander hotel is just the thing you've been looking for! In addition to mediocre drinks you can also enjoy all the hits from the 90's which you probably never wanted to hear again. All the while cheese ball Jersey Shore cast offs are sitting around hauling butts.  Definitely not worth it.
This place is amazing! I heard about it from some new friends in KC and they were right on the money! This place has it all! It's sexy, it's fun and the drinks are delicious. I had 2-3 Pina Coladas every day by the pool watching their dancers and DJ's. It was incredible. They have a huge World Cup party going on next month for every game and we are flying back to see it. Clevelander is definitely the best place to watch World Cup 2014 on South Beach or probably even in Miami. Our server said that ESPN will be there and lots of Samba-awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Overall, this was a very satisfying hotel stay for the price. It's been recently remodeled and has a very stylish, "fresh" Miami look. It's the place to stay on Ocean if you're young and looking for a trendy scene with loud music and decently-priced drinks. My favorite part of the hotel was easily the rooftop terrace, which was never nearly as full as you'd imagine and had bed-like cabanas and a great ocean breeze. I'd often get my drinks downstairs (miami vices and rum runners !) by the crowded pool and bring friends up top for a great view and place to chill. The rooms were clean and trendy-looking (with one slightly awkward design choice to have frosted glass doors so you can see the person sitting on the toilet....) I felt the staff was extremely sweet, if a bit young and inexperienced. My one complaint was that my bf and I booked months in advance on hotels.com for one queen bed, and when we got there we were given two separate beds because they "didn't honor third party reservation requests." Every day we came to request a room change, and because on the weekdays the hotel was no longer full the front desk people would say "sure, we'll call you later today !" Of course this happened every day until checkout. On my last day I heard a gentleman in the elevator complain he'd been put in one queen bed with his buddy and found it extremely uncomfortable, and they hadn't been able to change him either. Clearly there was no coordination or followup for hotel guest requests. In addition, the pool was closed, which was never mentioned on their website. It should be open soon though, so shouldn't be a problem for future guests. But nonetheless I definitely recommend - great ambiance and a very decent price !
Heads up, tried entering wed. night, $10 cover. Crowds different.  Goes off every day!
I must admit I could have done more and raised quite a fuss but decided to walk away and let others know. I'm referring to what i believe is an ongoing scam that was alluded to by earlier reviewers. I was in a party of 4 and we stopped and sat outside around 4pm...well within the 12-7 Happy Hour time period. 5 of our 8 drinks were priced incorrectly based on the advertised 1/2 price drink. The beers were correct but the mixed drinks were incorrect. The one interesting price is the $2 Rock Star additional shot of booze. For example, if you order a $11 dollar drink and add the $2 shot it's $13....I can add but it's presented like it's a $2 add-on and you think the drinks are half price so you think $5.50 plus $2 = $7.50. You would be wrong...it's $13. So why wouldn't they say 'hey, save your $ and order two happy hour drinks and pay $11. No because that would be honest. $13. Food scam...we ordered nachos and chicken wings. We should have know something was up. The waitress asked if we wanted the happy wings or regular. There is no distinction on the menu of happy hour apps and regular but there is in price. Happy hour apps are to be have price. We said we wanted happy hour apps. The wings were half price and the nachos full price. And to add salt on the wound a member of our party said she did not want an additional shot of booze in her drink and we were charged the infamous $13. We were halfway down the street when the total bill's amount didn't make sense and we thought about returning to confront the scoundrels but we chalked it up to forgetting that tourist traps count on you stopping by once and probably never returning. Mission accomplished. The place had some great thumpin music and it looked like a great place to dance the night away but I can't imagine the tab you'll be handed at 3am. If they'll cheat people in broad daylight at 4pm then 3am is almost guaranteed. Oh, the wait staff is pleasant and accomodating....just dishonest.
So you're either Headed to South Beach or you are already in South Beach.  This is definitely one of the spots to check out while you are in town.  If you are not sure what to do at night, and you want to sit outside and enjoy music and drinks, come here.  The music of choice is top 40s, and there were many places to sit and hang out.  There was a small stage where people could dance, and the drinks averaged $12-$16 which is a little pricey compared to what I pay for in Arlington, VA or in Washington, DC., but  It's Miami, so why not splurge a little.  Small note,  there is no cover to get in.  If you get there early enough they have live dance preformers.
Fun place with average drink fair food. Lets face it, if you are coming here it's most likely for the alcohol and food to snack on. The place is good for what it is, a place to come hang out, listen to good music and have drinks with some food for snacks. Our waitress was friendly and courteous. Great place for a Friday or Saturday evening.
This is my favorite place on the beach to watch sports. This place is so entertaining! I went with a group to watch a NFL playoff game at the sports bar connected to the outdoor area, Game On. TV's all over the place, good service and deals on beer, which is good since drinking at the Clev can add up over three or four hours. Outside the Clev they sets up a stage where during the game they provide live entertainment with dancers and tumblers, beautiful athletic women doing their thing. With sports, beer and food all around, what is not to like. Most of the restaurant and bar are outside and just a lot of fun.
Decent day drinking bar-nice bartenders!
The place is an outdoor bar located in south beach, mainly catering to tourists.  Overpriced and food is bland. Only thing worth the 1 star for the martini stroli strazberri martini the waitress made made for me... negative 4 stars for the fact the drink was 13 +3.50 to make it a martini.  I thought it was a martini.  Total false advertisement.   My friend was charged $2 for ice in his rum and coke?!?! Never again, if the place was classy I would understand.  But it was more of a dive bar.
Location, location, location!  How fun is this place?  Very fun!  Food is good, the ladies on the wait staff are very friendly and beautiful and the place is definitely beyond hip.  I love taking my dog and sitting out on the side walk and watching people.  Life does by get any better than it does when you visit this hot spot.  I recommend!!!
Happy hour was great! Appetizers were 1/2 off. We had th coconut shrimp, calamari and mango wings.  They were all pretty good. They good music too. Some of the girl bartenders are rude. But overall, its a cool spot.
i have been here everytime i come down to maimi! i love it. the drinks can be a bit pricey here. so you might shell out some loot here if you are looking to not spend a lot of money out here. last time i came here they had the dance floor open with the DJ playing some poppin music. we had just came from the beach and we were just dancing and drinking for about 3 hours. my friend and his new wife just got married and it was just alot of fun and it was a nice 75 degrees at night! the bouncers or the guys who check ID's at the front was cool and not dickheads. i say if you come out of town check this spot out! they also had the giant game playing as we were dancing so we got the best of both worlds! haha Check it out!
This place is always hopping.  Go anytime on a weekend and there will always be a crowd.  That's probably the best I can say about this place. What stinks is the drinks are outrageously overpriced, but I guess that's just South Beach.  Adding insult to injury, the DJ (at least this past Thursday night) was horrendous and while his song selection was passable, his mixing skills need some help.  How does this happen on South Beach?  If you're going to charge $15 for shitty drinks, at least put some of that cash toward a better DJ.
I have been coming here for many, many years and have loved it ever since I was a tourist. Tonight I learned about the Rockstar Membership. As  locals, we were able to sign up for Rockstar Membership. This gives you specials for Monday night football and other nights' specials as well. The food here was delicious and fresh. (we had the greek salad and the onion rings.) There was a DJ playing outdoors with huge tv screens all over to watch a large variety of sports. At the end of our dinner I requested something that required a manager's approvel. The manager, Victor, came to our table, introduced himself, and very respectfully explained everything to us. No wonder Clevelander is a landmark here in South Beach.The service here is exemplary.
"I'm taking my talents to South Beach." - LeBron James After Lebron left his longtime wife (the Cleveland Cavaliers) for his 19 year old mistress (the Miami Heat) on national television, the city of Miami decided to rub salt in the wound of Cleveland by opening a bar called the Clevelander. That's the only logical explanation for the name of this bar. The other option would be that "The Clevelander" is a new sex position that I have never experienced. But then again, I was raised Catholic. Ridiculous pondering aside, this place is pretty cool. It's an outdoor lounge full of humidity, expensive drinks, and tacky outfits. If I ever need a place to wear my lime green skinny jeans while my hair turns into an mini afro as I sip on $27 drinks, the Clevander would be at the top of the list. Now excuse me while I take my talents back to the South Bay.
Couldn't be better.  If you want the South Beach experience this is the one place you cannot miss out on.  I love love love the Hurricane drinks!  The staff were very nice, cool, accommodating and fun.   Great views of the ocean and the rooms are wonderful.  This place had it all--ambiance, bars, ocean, party, food and drink.  Will come back again soon!
Apparently, this is the place to come and watch people of all walks of life get together.  It was! Some girls in nothing but underwear, heels, and pasties, getting airbrushed.   Drinks are a little pricey, but I guess its a function of the location.
i can't stand tourist but i love this place... go figure.  i just love the fact that when there's a game on it's almost guaranteed that you'll find people from both sides so there's gonna be plenty of shit talking.  plus they project the important games on the back wall and play the sound throughout the entire bar... i've been here for many a playoff games.   another thing i love is there's always no dress code (for the downstairs bar) and usually no cover.  they were charging $20 during the superbowl but i was able to talk my way out of that bs.  the best thing you can do is get to know one of the bartenders because if you're from the area they will give you the "locals discount". i am not gonna lie during the 2 yr renovation i was really starting to miss this bar.  now that it's finally up and running again i am really happy how it turned out... but i just hope they don't try and charge $20 for the outside every time there's a big event on sobe... otherwise it'll end up like the parking garages... every weekend is "$20 flat event parking".   eat a ____!!
The Best Jerry, The Best
Oooh Clevelander! Your mojitos suck, and I would never swim in that pool of yours, but I never leave here without having a blast! Not much of a choice on the menu, but I recommend the nachos. Everyone here is drunk and dancing like crazy whether it's day time or night. DJ spinning the hottest hits outside. If you are seeking a more chill spot, go up to the c-level (rooftop). You get to look out at the beautiful beach or lounge on the chairs while sipping on your anything other than a mojito. Enjoy!
We stopped in to the Clevelander a few times during our stay in Miami. The first time we stopped in for lunch. It was packed but they had plenty of severs, managers and hosts walking around making sure everything was in order. It was the day of the Pride Parade so it was extra crazy. We got seated quickly, and served quickly.  My wife got a mojito or margarita and was told by the server it would be weak if she didn't add an additional shot for an extra charge. That was a bit strange. They should get the drinks "right" as ordered off the menu. I just ordered a West Coast IPA which was tasty and I was happy they had a draft craft beer. For lunch I ordered fish tacos and they were some of the best fish tacos I've ever had. My wife got a Cobb salad which was good. Her second drink was a top shelf Long Island and that was good and strong as it should have been. Our return visits were both during "nightclub" hours. It wasn't overly packed, there was no dress code, it was quick service at the bar. The lights and sound are pretty good for an outside hotel bar. I really felt like I was at a nightclub. It's a good spot to casually go out and have a good time and dance, without getting all dressed up and paying super high cover charges. Not to mention it's right on ocean ave making it easy to take a quick stroll along the beach path.
Sunday Funday FREE rooftop party overlooking the ocean on one side, and city skyline on the other. Can't really go wrong with this place. Nice day beds, decent DJ. good times.
This is going to be one of the most sincere and helpful reviews of the Clevelander you will yet to find on yelp, TRUST ME! For those of you who don't know about the infamous Clevelander, it's actually a hotel (you heard right) located on the corner of 10th Street and Ocean Drive. Aside from being a hotel, it's an outdoor restaurant and venue with most of it's seating outdoors. From pool-side seating to seating out on the sidewalk cafe (great for people watching) up to seating right next to the stage (great during shows) you have a lot of tables to choose from. They're three bars located out on the patio, and one indoor hidden bar which is the Sports Bar with AC (for those hot days) and tons of tv viewing (great during games). Operating from 8am (for you early breakfast eaters) pumping music up until 5am on the weekends or busy nights. They recently updated the breakfast, I would try one of the Benedicts or the Pancakes (order the short stack, people never finish the full stack!) The food is traditional american-style food. From personal experience I would definitely recommend the Coconut Shrimp (comes with a great sauce on the side), Sweet & Spicy Shrimp and the  Calamari (bring a lemon caper aioli and a spicy marina side sauce) for appetizers! I wouldn't recommend the shrimp cocktail. Pork & Beef sliders and definitely the Sweet Potatoe Fries and Onions rings (love the spicy chipotle aioli) Mahi sandwich is one of my favorites, and the pizza's never fail! Not a big fan of the Salmon. The burgers are delicious (med well is recommended) and not to mention HUGE! I also love the pressed Italian sandwich. Love the desserts and the fact that they are like you're own personal mini-cake. If you're there for a drink you must try the Special frozen drinks. One thing about these drinks is most of the time the will taste exactly the same as every other time (very consistent) and you don't taste the liquor (definitely NOT wet willies) and trust me it's there! Try the Piña Colada or a Miami Vice (half Piña Colada and Rum Runner) with an extra shot of rum for just $2. If you're into vodka redbulls, the Raging Bull is the drink for you, refreshing and frozen try it with a flavored vodka shot for again just $2 (I recommened cherry or grape). If you're ordering anything on the rocks I would highly recommened adding the "Rockstar" pour for an extra $2 as well, trust me it's worth it! Aside from the location and just the overall appearance of the venue, I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a chilled laid back environment (not a fancy indoor club). If you have the right person taking care of you...You will have beyond great service, whether it's a bartender, server, busser etc. You're experience at the Clevelander is meant to be memorable, and customer service is their pet peeve. You will never wait (or atleast not intended to) more than 3 mins for your first round of drinks, and there should never be a empty cup or plate sitting on your table. They take pride in what they do! I personally reccomend happy hour (Mon-Fri 4-7pm) and Friday nights during Carnival begining at 8pm. Every night there is some sort of entertainment, whether it's live music, a DJ or a show. For all my day-time party people Splash Saturdays and Temptress Sundays on the weekends during the day are a must! If you're planning on staying in the hotel you're in for a ride! This is a party hotel, if you're on vacation to RELAX & SLEEP, this hotel is not for you! If you're in Miami looking to have an unforgetable time- STAY AT THE CLEVELANDER! The rockstar host will show you around and guide you during your stay if you're not familiar with the area. The C-Level Rooftop is a must see. Great for lounging and tanning during the day with an amazing view of South Beach, overlooking the water and Ocean Drive. At night, it's an outdoor lounge, filled with music and people dancing everywhere, it's lit very nicely and the view is still great! Great place to watch games, but I will say this place gets hectic when it's extremely packed! Enjoy!
Yes Clevelander is a major tourist spot. Yes the beverage pricing is a little ridiculous. With that said this place is still great! talk about major renovations. They have totally transformed this place for the better. Many people are not aware that they have a roof top bar now and the sip of one cocktail with that amazing view makes it all worth it.
Ah The Clevelander, a tourist trap worthy of some local love. I recently stopped by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised at the service and the food. True the music is loud and cliché True the random bikini clad chicks dancing out front are tacky and reinforce the worst stereotype of Miami being full of over-the-top cheap sex appeal Still, the location is nice, the people watching is prime, the eats are better than expected, and bringing out of town guests here will give them that "Miami" experience and/or Spring Break moment they miss.
total tourist trap - but i've always had fun and laughs here.  lots of fun during WMC - guidos and guidettes in abundance -- did they reopen this place yet?
SO FRUSTRATING...  Since I saw that someone Yelped this today to say that it was still under construction, I decided to call their 800# (on their website) and find out what the HELL is going on. The generic automated message you get when you call and push 2 for General Info is SOOOO outdated.  It's litterally from before May 2007, because it talks of that date in future tense.  Then it says that the Clevelander will remain OPEN while under construction, which all of us Miami natives know that is NOT TRUE.  This place closed the day it started construction! So I pushed 0 to speak to an actual person, and I advised them that their message is super outdated and should really be changed to reflect their current situation. THIS WILL NOT REOPEN UNTIL THE SUMMER OF 2009.  The guy I spoke to said "Mayish" for his exact words... When the hell is "Mayish"?!   Don't expect this place to open in 2009...  See you in 2010.
The place is ok, good location and spacious... but with horrible music, and the worst mojito (and most expensive - $14) i've ever had!
Let me break down some Clevelander rules for someone who has never been there. My 12 friends and I just got back from a 4 day bachelor party weekend and stayed there. 1) Stay there if you want to party and only will go to sleep when you are passed out drunk. Music and partying will not stop until 5am. You have been warned. No complaining about the noise.This is not a family place. (My 2 friends did stay at the Essex which is next door and another good option) 2) Beware of the call girls that ride up and down the elevators after 3am. They are not girls who are genuinely interested in you, just your wallet. 3) Happy hour I think was from 5-7. I can't really remember. But it was half off everything. 4) Recommend when ordering a mixed drink, make it a double for $2 more. This will save your wallet in the long run. In south beach the drinks are reasonably priced here. Remember that tip is included. Mixed drink will run you about $10 and a beer $7. 5) Do not eat here. Food is expensive, small portions, and awful. Even during happy hour with $5 selections the food is not worth it. There are very affordable and great places to eat at in south beach. Just take a walk a couple blocks in from the strip. Check out a few of my other reviews for good spots. 6) If anyone you are with is interested in any "recreational" party favors do not buy any from the people right outside the hotel. They are cops. 7) Pool party on Saturday is awesome. Go with buckets of beer. They have decent DJs and entertainment. 8) If you are sharing a room, under no circumstance drop a number 2 in the bathroom of your room. The doors are see through, do not really close, and there is no vent fan. Use the lobby or pool bathroom. Who designed these bathrooms? The worst concept ever! In general the service here is outstanding. Everyone from the bar tenders, check in, and cleaning staff were first rate. The rooms were also nice. Beds are very comfortable. Go with the pool view, it is worth it. Do not try to fit more than 2 in a room as the rooms are small and they have a weird policy that if you do 3 a room, you have to pay more but do not get a cot. Then what is the extra money for? Makes no sense. They have a no food or alcohol policy at the hotel, but as long you are not out in the open about it and causing a scene, you are good to go. Highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking to party and who wants a great, affordable, home base in south beach.
Annoying inside club area BC we couildnt even set our drink down on a table for a second without bouncer/host barking down our throats.... Get over yourself!! The place was empty and we had just finished dinner at tables on the sidewalk! When we were eating we ordered from their hh menu.... Pretty good. Drinks were priced well for hh'....otherwise pricey as is anything in south beach and drinks inside while a club are pricey but as a club it's definitely a fun time!
The Clevelander is one of those truly versatile places. What do I mean? For one, you can make it what you want. Do you need a hotel? Well the Clevelander is obviously a hotel on the ocean. Do you need to enjoy a cocktail on a rooftop? Clevelander has that too. It has an ocean view rooftop bar. Do you need a spot to dance the night away? Well, you can do that in the hidden second floor dance room or on the dance floor down stairs. Do you need a spot to get wasted.... chocolate wasted that is? They got bars all over the hotel. With a little commitment, one will be wasted in no time. Do you need a spot to grab breakfast, lunch, or dinner? Check, check, and check. Their breakfast is really underrated and cheap. Do you need a people watching spot? This a great spot right on the beach. This is hot bod central. Do you want a spot on South Beach that will not harass you to eat at their spot? Maybe, they are lazy, but no harassment here. Seriously, Clevelander must be a synonym for versatility. Hotel, breakfast spot, rooftop lounge, Club, and people watching spot all in one at the Clevelander.
Came here a few times during my SoBe visits so I can give a review now that the honeymoon phase about SoBe is over. The first time I came here my friend and I had the luxury of ordering whatever we wanted because a nearby table picked up the tab...can we say....THANKS. The second visit here was out of my pocket so now that I've seen how pricey this place is I'm really saying THANKS GUYS whoever and where ever you are! Food: I had the plasure of trying the wings, buttery ranch was excellent! I'm not a ranch dressing fan at all but ranch flavor I can handle, they are really really good. The fries are hit or miss not a big fan, but again I am starting to thing folks down here in FL are not fans of carbs in any shape, form or fashion like they are in ATL or other parts of the south and thats ok. The buffalo shrimp was great, big juicy shrimp in not too hot buffalo sauce for those that can't stand tooo much heat. Coconut shrimp was great as well. Drinks: Had the infamous Corona-rita, it is HUGE, larger than you may expect, people were stopping by our table to take pics with us and the drinks because they really are unbelievable when you see it in person. Good and will get you where you need to be. I couldn't drink all of mine, it kept melting and the "I'm On It" guys had to keep bringing me napkins and wiping down my table because I'm a rookie lol. But if you want a strong drink that is your best bet, I will say you need to share this drink with someone because it really is a lot to take in. It has two Coronas, 4-6 shots and the slushie drink all in one....yeah. And its not cheap so split it with a pal. Service/Atmosphere: We always opt to sit on the sidewalk because we love to people watch and as long as we are under an umbrella we are good to go. The service is pretty good, the servers are kind of like the girls at Hooters they talk with their customers I liked that because I was able to find out the stuff about Miami/SoBe that many tourists wouldn't know and the atmosphere....lets just say you have to see it for yourself. There are all kinds of people out here from all walks of life. Will make for a great time.
Yay! I am for sure a fan! I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! I've been here a bunch of times and every time I go I have a better experience than the last visit! I haven't actually stayed at the place, just partook in some adult beverages. I haven't had any food here either.... The first visit was a little rocky. Went on a Friday night after work for happy hour. There was not nearly enough staff, it was pouring rain and we were neglected for some time. After a while everything worked out. We ended up chatting with the bartender and she apologized profusely for our initial service (or lack there of). So, in the end we left happy & I thought I would go back to see if it's always like that. It was not. The other times I have gone I have had good luck (quick) with the service, my drinks have all been good. The play good music out by the pool bars & I've always managed to run into and meet friendly people. This has turned into a bit of a standby for me. Especially when I have people visit from off the beach. Not too pretentious like some places, good music & fun times! Plus, I dig the changing block panel lights that run around the bar...
The Cleavelander was halfway between our hotel & the beach. We stopped in for breakfast. We were promptly seated and given menus. I ordered an omelet and OJ- pretty standard breakfast fare. Food was brought out quickly, and was delish. It cost about $30 for two breakfasts and two drinks. Not as pricey as I was expecting for Ocean Drive. I would love to come back and check out their nightlife.
A trip to South Beach isn't complete without an amateur burlesque show, complete with an MJ and Miz Janet karaoke number and a partially nude ballet dancer, right? Right??? Well that's what the guy on 7th and Collins with a parakeet on his shoulder told me... A semi-intoxicated stroll down Ocean led my party of partiers to The Clevelander's outdoor and highly ruckus bar and stage. Expertly blended Miami Vices in hand (strawberry daiquiri and pina colada swirl for all my northern-born friends) we shook and jiggled our way to the main stage, where Tuesday nights turn into, "Who's an Amateur Drag Queen/Karaoke Beast/Laid-Off Exotic Dancer Anyway?". After a riveting re-enactment of the music video, "Scream" by the Jackson clan's two largest cash cows and a game of how badly can we embarrass audience members for free drinks, we wandered back over to the bar for some NBA action on the flat screens. The Chicago Bulls and burlesque ironically go together quite well. The Clevelander is clearly for the tourists with an open container in hand and not a clue where they are, but I give them credit for peddling a different tune that many of their competitors are singing. Had I been three sheets to the wind instead of two, I probably would have graced that stage myself with my own talent, funneling tequila, of course.
Good drinks and good appz! The atmosphere is jumping! When you're in South Beach, this is a good spot to grab a drink at and people watch. It can get noisy because of all the partying at this hotel, but it's worth sitting and eating and drinking just to watch all the people on Ocean Drive.
I'm one of those awful tourists the locals all seem to hate so much (*eye roll*), and I'm just not fancy.  I don't own "club clothes" or go out in 5 inch heels and wear 10 pounds of makeup and 20 pounds of boobs.  South Beach isn't really my scene because of this.  We wanted to go out, but we didn't want to go somewhere that would decide to let us in based on our looks.  That said - I ended up at the Clevelander with a bunch of my coworkers on a Thursday night and had a ton of fun.   The drinks were pricey, but the bartenders sure were quick on the draw.  The dance floor was bumping, but a good chunk of the crowd was watching the Lakers game on one of the many TVs outside.  There wasn't really anywhere to sit, which was kind of a bummer.  We solved that problem by spending most of the night on the dance floor, though.   While not really being my scene, we still managed to have a blast here.  I know tourists are evil, but we gotta drink somewhere, eh?
After walking around in South Beach, I decided to come here for drinks because they have a hugh open air bar and it was the perfect place to drink and people watch. The drinks here were expensive, We got a pitcher of mojitos for $50 and they asked us if we wanted to make it stronger then we had to buy tube fill of rum for a extra $2 a piece. At first when i was drinking, it was too lite and sweet for me so i added a few rum tube to my drinks and at the end, I brought 6 extra tube lol.....It a good place to people watch but overall it was a ok place. The drink are expensive and weak. They has a DJ playing but he wasn't that good. The music overall was weak.
BEWARE USING OF YOUR CREDIT CARDS HERE!!! they have alot of crooks working here and the Miami PD or or bureau of investigation should conduct some operations to put a halt to a widespread practice at this place that has gone on for way too long...& the sad part is the management does nothing to combat and protect their customers and all complaints fall on def ears. I travel to Miami constantly, I have heard over 14 instances in the last 3 years of people  who have had their CC information stolen after visiting the Cleavelander.. There's even accounts of this in some of the other YELP reviews.... Just this week yet another one of my colleagues spent the entire week with VISA's customer service disputing fraudulent charges after visiting this place, the funny part, is his acquaintance he was meeting here also had their CC info stolen and both where ransacked for the full limit amount of cash that their banks would allow per day & this was the first only place both used their credit cards.
Pretty cool pool side "club" within the hotel. Its has that retro feel but still plays good music and provides a good scene in the south beach area. If you're balling on a budget and can not afford the fancy nightclubs, this is a good spot to check out. Good for bachelor and bachelorette parties. Tons of bars and lounges in the area too.
People around here seem to think house music is classier than hiphop, but what about the fact that hiphop is a trillion times more drunk fun than house? This outdoor club/bar rocks the hiphop without shame (though if you're deemed special, you might get invited to the lamer rooftop party, which plays house - our bachelorette group came back downstairs to the real party after about 5 minutes). There's a raised stage for dancing, across from the actual stage for the MC, or entertainers, or dance competition, or whatever's going on at the moment. There's also plenty of space off the dance floor to chill with your drink and get hit on, if that's your steez. Super loud, super fun, super drunk, and a greeeat time. This place is such a great time that after going out at some of the fancier clubs around town (which woo in groups of girls with free entry, free bottles, couple hours of open bar, etc.), I left my passed out friends in the hotel room and snuck back out with the still-conscious to REALLY get down at the Clevelander again. Also, I have no idea, in general, why people would choose to go to an indoor dance club in Miami. Crazy. Outdoor party spots like this are where it's at.
A bit dirtier than the other beachfront hotel bars/music venues-but mostly in a good way. One might find themselves dancing on the stage, for example, to funky Chicago DJs.
1 star for the location, right in the heart of South Beach (of course, if that's your thing) Another star for the Miami Vice drink (mixture of their BOMB.com pina colada + strawberry dacquiri) I enjoyed the location b/c I was able to walk everywhere - everywhere meaning: Wet Willy's for Frozen Drinks, Le Sandwicherie, Bliss Spa at the W hotel, and of course David's Cafe! Not to mention, Amber Rose was hanging out in front of the hotel on multiple occasions. As for the Miami Vice - I think I gained 10 lbs just by slurping this drink. It was hot, it was humid so it left me no choice but to order what must've been 30 over the course of my 4 day stay. Extremely refreshing and worth the trip in itself. Ok, no why such the poor review? The freakin rooms are small - OK totally fine, we're in South Beach but the freakin doors were SEE THROUGH. DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE if you are not with someone you wouldn't mind seeing you sit on a toilet or shower. We spent the entire weekend, having to play our iPod insanely loud anytime someone needed to go to the bathroom. Not to mention, we showered in complete darkness so that the we were not magnified when showering... you can only imagine how difficult this was. We survived but it was a very uncomfy 4 days. Second, the music is loud. Yes I have no business staying here if i am complaining about the music, but instead my issue was with there was no escape! The hotel was full of party goers so even their rooms were blaring music. No matter what corner you turned, there were loud thumping noises in form of house music. Third, the price you pay - you can get a much better place somewhere else in South Beach. With a little patience and persistence, you can easily book a room at the Standard or Bentley. If you want to stay at a 24 hour party hotel, shower in the dark, and refuse to stay at the swanky Standard hotel - then stay here.
Great entertainment without the cover at the cost of watered down drinks. The night we wandered over, there was a show going on featuring a girl dancing on stilts, fire breathers and fire dancers, and more. It was pretty cool, especially since there was no cover fee (unlike Mango's $10 cover charge for similar entertainment).  However, unless you're drinking bottled beer, this place kind of sucks. I downed a goose and tonic like it was lemonade. Strawberry daiquiri went down easily too. Still not even a hint of a buzz. After that, I had to stick to bottled beer to get my buzz on.
Went to clevelander for the seconds time this weekend, and I, as always, had a blast there. From the open air dance floor to the cool people you meet there, to the great service, clevelander can't be beat. Nothing but good times.
When I went to the Clevelander it was an all around good experience. It was a good vibe from start to finish. We were able to find a seat right away near the bar and was helped as soon as we were seated. The Miami Vice was so yummy and the hot wings hit the spot! Definitely will be going there when I get back into Miami
The Miami Beach strip (a.k.a. Ocean Drive) is like a huge fashion runway. Either you're dressed to impress or get out of the way. That was the impression I got after eating at The Clevelander. We got a table right on the sidewalk, on the corner of 10th street and Ocean Dr., the area with the most foot traffic. Our waiter was awesome, Antwan, very polite and efficient. I have to say though that our table was located in the worst spot ever. In the middle of our lunch, a passing shower rolled by, soaking everyone who didn't seek shelter. Being the most accessible table under a huge umbrella, we found ourselves surrounded by complete strangers, trying to avoid the rain. Once in a while some of them would comment on our food and how big my salad was. Thanks, but I'd rather you kept the comments to yourself next time. Regarding the food, my Greek salad was delicious (as Antwan said, "the pita chips make the salad!"). Had a couple of Amber Bock beers, and was having a great time people watching. I asked Antwan if he could bring me a to-go box in the next minute because I was literally being picked up in 2. Unfortunately he didn't get it in time and I had to leave half of my enormous salad in the wind because my ride showed up.
Overall pretty fun place..indoor and outdoor bar and tv's all around. The music is okay and atmosphere is nice.
Th damn thing goes down here! I loved every minute of hanging at this popular spot on Ocean Drive...its an all day/nite party! Drinks are kind of expensive...$15 patron shots!!! Wish I would have known that beforehand! Good for people/couple watching and being watched Lots of good music being played here and they have a banging rooftop with a nice view! Sad to say i was thrown out one night for being overly drunk...damn $15 shots :(
By chance, a table was getting up as we walked by.   So we got a table right in front of the lounge area in the front on a Saturday night.  From the outside, this place looked like a really chill spot.  Most certainly a good alternative to being in a hot and sweaty club.    The music was off the chain!!!!!!  I will most certainly be coming here on my next trip.
For nightlife, this place doesn't disappoint.  Was in South Beach for a bachelor party with 15 guys and we ended up here at some point each of the 3 nights we were there.  The rooftop bar was no cover every night with great music, amazing beach views and a good mix of locals/tourists.  Drinks are pretty pricey ($8 beers/$12+ cocktails) but hey, it's South Beach, and they also had some decent shot specials ($5) each night.  Definitely our favorite spot of the weekend. FYI...they include tip in all drink prices, so don't leave any additional tip unless you really wanna...
THIS CLUB IS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! My transgender gorgeous friend and I were on spring break and when had our IDs checked (we are both over 21) the very RUDE bouncer DENIED my friend because her ID said Male.. she showed a back up id from our school and the disgusting bouncer laughed in our faces and said he does not allow transgenders!!!!! COMPLETELY outraged I tried to tell him how horribly illegal and discriminating that is & wished to speak to his manager..he still did not allow us in! No one should ever go to such a horrible place and from there on I wish I could take legal matters! This club is a disgrace to the world and represents todays horrible society! I wish to give it negative stars for rating but it required me to click one in order to post this!
This review is for the bar only not the hotel. Went here to kill some time between arrive in South Beach and our hotel being ready. Intended on grabbing some quick food, wound up with a 4 gallon bucket of sangria which myself and 2 friends successfully managed to finish. The food was typical bar food, burgers, chicken fingers, sandwiches etc. There's always a DJ and the place is always a party even during the day. Centrally located too and close to the beach so its a great for anytime or even in between other activities. Right on the Ocean Drive strip and great for people watching. Get some friends together and get yourself that 4 gallons of sangria. You need that in your life.
The Clevelander was our go-to place when we got bored of club hopping in SoBe.  My girls and I made a stop here our first night in town and decided to come back late and end our night here on the rooftop.  The DJ plays good music and on the rooftop, you can sip on some drinks and watch the sun rise.  I also like the crowd the place attracts as well.  Everyone we approached was friendly and easy to chat with.  My friends and I liked the place so much that we can back the next night and left before we had to cab it to the airport.
What can I say...I love this place...it is so laid back. I don't have anything witty to say...I like the place...and tend to bring all of my out-of- town-friends here as one of the "places you must visit when in Miami". Anyway...back to the Clevelander...good music, good food, delicious drinks. ...if it is not raining...you may even get a show. Public Parking is not far...about a block away.
There is no better place to party during the day on South Beach. Seriously, this pool party is rocking all day long! Good drink specials and food, too. If you're in South Beach, you'll want to check this place out. They have good hosts, short lines, models, a day pool in the middle of the bar, and a DJ spinning music all day!
Like Jova said let me upgrade ya Clevelander! Besides a couple of Miami Heat playoff games (both of which they won!) I was here most recently for this past Sunday's Dolphins win (seeing a pattern here?) It's not white table cloth but I've gotten two hottie lady and a cool bro bartenders on different occassions. Mojito pours have certainly improved since last year's opening,  and are now solid enough where I'm rocking a good yet smooth buzz by drink #2. Fries are always hot, and bar staples (spicy wings dripping in sauce, burgers and buffalo chicken sandwiches) are tasty. There are plenty of TVs all around you, to the point you feel like a sports-obsessed mad scientist in Cheers, bantering with the bartenders and the other fans sitting around you. On the off chance your team is losing that Sunday, go outside and check out the talented ladies being body painted, or otherwise in a talent show. They do charge a cover charge for fights or big sporting events and have an automatic tip but based on my last experiences it has been worth it! Much improved as a sports bar and glad I've been back!
We went on a Monday night and that might be why it was so DEAD there.  The music was bumpin', but there wasn't any festive atmosphere and no one was dancing.  Real BLAH time.  I remember passing by on a Saturday night and it looked like everyone was having fun (and it was a younger crowd too).  Next time I return, it will be on a weekend night instead.
I didn't get a chance to have a drink here, but I did pop in to take a look. I get why people like this place... It's outside so you can enjoy the nice Miami weather, and there's no cover charge. Reminds me of Carnival Court in Las Vegas but way better as they have a DJ spinning here and not a generic cover band. Oh, and no cover.
Always seems to be busy. Gig outdoor space right on Ocean Drive. Food i surprising good and fast set survive. Great drinks. Music is if  good. Often go there for a quick bite before we go to the beach. Maybe a little touristy.
As most reviews say - this is that place (assuming your young and looking to party) that when you get home and talk about your trip - your gonna say I wish we stayed at the Clevelander.  Checked in 2/24 and our rock star host Chad had piña colada's waiting for us.  One of bigger rooms there with a sitting area and an additional flat screen.  The rest of the group stayed in rooms with twin beds and there wasn't much room for four big dudes - let alone luggage.  But we only showered and as informed by Chad "only time you can sleep at this hotel is from 7am-11am" .  Other than shower, sleep or entertain a "new friend or two" .  The place to be is downstairs - all you have to do is look out the window and look at line of people wanting in your hotel and not to mention pay to do so.   First day we got there super early and the nice girls had no problem finding us a rock star suite so we traded bag for drinks with chad and were shown to our room.  He took the time to put us by an elevator that is never crowded and goes straight to the indoor sports type bar with direct access to the outside scene.  We put shorts on and headed straight to the bar - get the extra shot if you get a frozen drink - it's worth it.  Ate lunch - hit beach - than meet the rest of our bachelor party back at hotel - they had a very pleasant checkin experience as well.   Showered put on our attempt at Miami wear and right back down to the pool area which is all bars and no real swimming - you are allowed to go next door to Essex house to use their pool.  After dark we ate dinner which we all enjoyed - wonderful waitress split the bill 10 ways perfectly and with a smile.  Don't remember much more about that night.   Trust me and the other thousand reviewers - if you want to party till 5am and have new people at your hotel every time you leave for a bit than this is the spot. Some people complained about drink prices - it's standard south beach pricing.  Your on vacation or if like me adult spring break - let go and have fun - worry about money when u get home.
Great place to people watch and to have a great time. Loved the vibe and style of the bar however the service needs a little work. The price of drinks and food are pretty reasonable also.
Stopped here for a post-SOBEWFF drink with friends. Having lived in Miami for most of my life it's a real shame haven't been here and I must say I can't wait to go back. Their rooftop bar/lounge area boasts comfy couches and a very nice menu. The sliders were delicious and the sweet potato fries were out of control good. Perfect in fact. The view is ridiculous, the crowd is nice (no scumbaggeries or chongaliciousness here) and the servers are friendly and professional. Prices are surprisingly reasonable for a spot in the heart of trendy SoBe. It loses a star since it was a little too crowded for my taste and the bathroom is coed, which would be uncomfortable if I didn't have my husband to let me cut him in line. Great place to bring out of towners for a drink after a beach day.
Nice place for spending your afternoons amidst great music, decent food and drinks in the outdoors. Simply put the place makes you feel welcomed which is a must for me. I will definitely be here again on my next visit. I did not visit the place at night so cannot write about that but like I said, a good afternoon club.
A must if you want an outdoor bar/lounge/club experience in Miami beach. We got a bottle for our group of 12 and had a nice seating area reserved in the back. The music was great, there was a dance floor area to the side. Of course I had to try the miami vice- one of the best I've tried. It came with a test tube of a shot in it (kind of cool, but yuck!) lol. The weather was perfect for outdoor clubbing. I think we had one of our best nights here.
The drinks were good, the crowd was very much tourist/eclectic. Have been there several times and always a nice easy going crowd as the night progresses have fun watching "drunk people dancing" it is great past time if visiting the beach and want to have a drink and enjoy a free entertainment. The food in my opinion is a hit or miss.. but when it's good its really good and fresh..
This is the place for you if you a) LOoOooooove frat parties or b) feel nostalgic towards MTV Spring Break footage circa 1993. Food is gross and overpriced (you can get 4 whole onion rings for about 10 bucks!!!), it's always packed with the Ed Hardy-wearing/puka-shell loving/too old to be partying-set, and the contents of the pool can cage-match Paris Hilton's crotch for the title of the filthiest place in America. Last time I was here, I saw a drunk, hefty, chick (with lots of cellulite she didn't mind showing off) grind on a bunch of 21 year-old guys, slip, fall, and then hump the floor until she wiggled her way over to the pool, belly-flopped in, and proceeded to grind on anyone (or anything) who swam her way. But they do have good frozen drinks...and there's nothing else quite like it (well, other than Mango's) on Ocean Drive...and because of that, they get an extra star. If your a tourist, hell, even if you're a local and have never been, it's worth checking out. Just once though, more than that, and you may lose a small piece of your soul.
Come here early so you don't have to pay to get in. You must be over 21 to enter after a certain time. Drinks are quite expensive and so is the food. There is a restaurant inside, and outside is a bar and a pool. They have little shows with dancers and people who do wild acrobatics. It's one of the more luxurious hotels on South Beach and well worth a visit.
The Clevelander !! I went to this restaurant/ night club/ bar/ everything else for the superbowl... what can I say... it was great, the food is junk food, but that's what we are excpecting for the superbowl, the mojito was great ( the pitcher is a bit expensive, take care). There was a bunch of TVs everywhere... There was really good vibes, totally what I expected for this kind of night !!! And then we met some people... they were from new york they asked to sit next to us because of course the place was full. It was a friendly night, cool, with great vibes, and good food... also beautiful Madonna, and funny Ads!! Thanks Clevelander for this party!!
I went here a couple of times and enjoyed it pretty much everytime! The roof deck bar was my favorite because it has such a gorgeous view of the ocean and I especially enjoyed the $5 pina coladas during their happy hour. The staff was always super-friendly and even agreed to take pics for my friend and I (numerous times). They also had a DJ that was pretty good and around 7 or 8 they had a guy performing live upstairs. I was here vacationing and I thought it was lovely. At night I went downstairs to the deck outside and they had a live band playing; they mostly played 90s music so I didn't care for them too much but overall it was ok for a pit stop. I would recommend going there during the day, when the sun is high and you can get a tan, have a gorgeous view of the ocean and partake in some fabulously-priced happy hour specials.
I know, most people come here to party and club it up, but not me. We went and watched the tennis match and ate dinner... while watching others dance the night away on Saturday at midnight. But the point is, we had fun and this place was amazing. What do I remember? Bright neon lights flashing, lots of people dancing (so many you could barely push through to the bathroom), a big pool. Where we were, there were also flat screen tvs and a cute outdoor dining area. The food was good, but nothing fantastic. I also enjoyed the Life Saver drink, 100% supersweet, just how I like it. I also liked my Asian Noodle Salad and some of my boyfriends Shrimp Tacos. But - my favorite item was the four crispy shrimp they put on my salad, those were definitely perfect, and I think they have an appetizer of just them. I'll keep that in mind next time, yes there will be a next time here.
Perfect place to eat & watch/meet babes! Its literally across from the beach and the food prices are reasonable! My total was only like $13 for a Real Philly Cheesteak and Fries! It was REAL STEAK! Not that fast food crap! Impressive and the women made it even better! Very friendly! And, dont worry bout tipping cuz they take gratuity anyway! But, I still threw her an extra $3.00!
I watched both seasons of The Jersey Shore. I admit it. And what? I vaguely remember this place being the scene of some dramatic storm-off. But who cares. It's the same place minus the cameras. If you stay at this hotel and want to sleep, best of luck to you. House music was bumping harder than ever out on the patio where weak looking drinks in super small cup sizes were being poured for too much loot. The various neon lights, open air aspect and nifty art deco water features were cool but definitely not enticing enough to stick around. I wouldn't say the crowd here is too Jersey Shore-esque to handle, (at least in the winter) but it's getting there.
When you're visiting South Beach, make sure you stop for a drink here. I loved our server's was amazing! Although she had many tables we never had to wait...also they had their security looking servers help and we felt like they were always being attentive! The food was good and so was the live entertainment!
I'm a South Beach local, which means I avoid going east of Washingon (EoW) unless I have to.  Dating someone that lives EoW means that I've seen the Clevelander menu twice in the past month.   The fact is, the only reason to go to the place is ambience, or if you want a NSA hookup with a drunken tourists (nothing wrong with either).  The menu is not the best.   First time I ordered from the menu.  Nothing looked remotely good, so I went with a greek salad.  It was ok.  Small for the price.  Last time I ordered an off-menu special that the waitress didn't mention but my date did.  The buffalo chicken burger was good, sweet potato fries were an abomination against the noble yukon potato (this outcry against white potatoes seems like reverse tuber racism to me.  Is the flesh of a Idaho potato so white it offends?). There was a pool, but sadly closed (I even had my bikini on under my clothes, what a waste!). I'll stick to WoW (no, not the game, I have a life, which I will continue living West of Washington).
Always loud, always interesting. There is nothing redeeming about this bar aside from that the service is fast, and they try to give you deals and drink packages on everything you order. The location is good, and its a fun time. Not sure I would eat anything there ever!
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE Went to the Clevender for happy hour, 4-7pm, and the waiter with his 2 trainees told us the happy hour specials. He listed off the specials that he said were 50% off, that included mojitos. We ordered mojitos, which were on the menu for $11. First round was delicious so we ordered another round. Second round tasted like a stomach ache. We were in a rush to get to the next spot for dinner so we were just trying to finish our drinks and get the check. When the check came it was for $5.75 a mojito. So I asked our waiter how is 50% off $11, $5.75? His response was well that's what the computer said and walked away. WTF And on top of that he left his trainee deal with us. I'm not complaining about a $5 drink on South Beach, cause that's a bargain regardless. I have a problem with advertising half off and then lying about it. And they have the nerve to include 18% gratuity on the check. Which by the way, you can adjust gratuity according to what you want to pay. Wish I had known about that before.
Good place to sit and watch the strip. Prices were like everywhere else on South Beach... expensive... $6.50 for one domestic bottled beer. Employees were a little pushy to get you to sit down (like every where else). Mixed drinks were decent, although not that large for the price you are paying.
We were greeted by a promoter passing by the area as we had just left Mangos and we were so happy that we decided to end our night here. We were on the rooftop bar the entire time. We paid for the VIP section which was about $200 for the bottle which was pretty good. As soon as the bottles are done you have to pay another $200 or your VIP service is over (due to the crowd and others wanting the section). Drinks and a nice view to party with all night. My only complain-- I wish the music were better. The DJ seemed a bit inexperienced.
If you are taking a trip to South Beach, this is definitely one of the spots to check out while you are in town.  If you are not sure what to do at night, and you want to sit outside and enjoy music and drinks, come here.  We walked in and the DJ was playing top 40s, and there were many places to sit and hang out.  There was a small stage where people could dance, and the drinks averaged $12-$16 which is a little pricey compared to what I pay for in Texas.  It's Miami, so they will take you for your money.  The weather was perfect, and everyone is hanging out outside.  There is no cover to get in.
Yes, the Clevelander finally finished their 40 Million Dollar make over and it looks GREAT!   I always use to walk past this hotel because the music was always blaring raunchy music fit for a 16 year old.  While their song selection in their outdoor bar/dining/dj-band shell area might not have changed much, they do keep it a little mellower during the day and early evening hours. Their outdoor area is multifaceted, to say the least.  You can dine there in the patio area or on the sidewalk. There's 3 bars outside.  You can sit and sip under their huge bar umbrellas while you check out the dj's or bands playing on a lighted outdoor stage across the pool.  They still have a pool there in the middle of it all.  I don't know if they actually use it these days or if it's just  there for aesthetics. If it's too hot for you outside, inside is a cozy little sports bar w/flat screens that's refreshingly air conditioned. Upstairs on the 2nd floor is a little club called Music Box 1020.  It over looks the pool area and Ocean Drive.  It's modern w/lounge sofas and a decent sound system. Over on the roof, they sport 2 more bars.  The Clevelander is two buildings next to each other and they have a bar with beach vistas on each of them.  The rooms are nice and modern, w/ Terrazzo floors and cool European bathrooms w/seamless showers.  No tub walls, the water just flows to the drain that is slightly depressed in the middle of the bathroom floor.  Simple, chic, and efficient. Not necessarily an evening destination, but it makes for a great spot to bounce to along the way, and a perfect spot to check out anytime during the day and early evening.
Nice spot, good crowd and great vibes. Charged about 10 dollars to get in around 330am  in the morning.
ok....so I know this is a very tourist place but hey...which place in ocean drive isn't? I hadn't been back to the clevelander in years! and when I mean years...prob 7-8, so it was a nice to see it has improved in terms of their decor. Between a girl giving body shots and doing the "teach me how to doggie" , it was a bit too much,  but if you are in the company of great friends, any place can be a blast. So yes...I drank, I danced, I partied...will I be back?... if it's with the same group of friends yes, otherwise...not really.
Touristy spot on Ocean Drive but worth popping in for drink to check out the scene
Touristy bar This place is actually a lot of fun even though it is a pure tourist trap on the ocean strip in South Beach. We had some fun in here after walking around watching the other tourists - the music was fun, the pool and the people around it are fun to watch if only for a few minutes- after a while it is just the same ole idiots vying for attention. Drink prices were average for the area and frankly it just wasn't my sort of scene - but fun to drop in at for a few good laughs with friends. Have fun, don't get roofied!
Wow.....I never thought this place would ever reopen again. It's been a long time since it shut down and now it's a-l-i-v-e. My wife and I decided to give it a shot and actually had a great time. We drank and danced our asses off till 3:30 in the morning. The dj played different types of music from reaggeton to house. It was sure packed (Saturday night) but we had plenty of room for the two of us. The drinks were a bit pricey but remember, it's a "tourist trap" like others like to call it. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes loud music and don't mind all out people.
Went here during a girl's birthday weekend.  Great music - lots of singing and dancing. Very laid back - no cover (Thursday night) - and a good crowd. I would definitely make a stop here again.
Like Rob says can't find a local within 3 blocks of this place...not sure if its because of all the tourist or the fact that the drinks are bad and so are the bartenders...this place is way over rated...I had one of the worst mojito's in my life there!!!!
I concur w/ Pedro P.'s assessment: 1.  Riddled w/ annoying tourists 2. Smothering servers 3. Just not that cool Not my thing. I'll skip.
Good spot to chill, dance, and people watch. The vibe is very laid back. The DJ is fantastic- blending old school and latest hits. Also, the venue is outside which is nice so you don't feel claustrophobic. The admission was free when I went with my girlfriend- 21+. I took one star off because the waitress was trying to constantly hustle more drinks out of us- which is her job but it gets annoying. 18% gratuity is automatically tacked on- South beach style. I would go back here again.
Came here for the first time with my boyfriend for my birthday back in June  and had the time of my life. It was my first time in Miami and absolutely loved it!!
Place gets pumping at night good sh good environment and its right outside gets only 4 stars due to the dance floor its too small and it gets kinda pack sometimes but if you want to go out for a drink this is the place to hit in south beach
So this is actually a 2 part review. One for the daytime, one for night Day- a nice chill spot.  its like an outdoor bar with extra seating on the outskirts of the entry.  Me and my friends came here to get some drinks before naptime and had the nicest waiter.  I wish i could remember his name to give him a shout out haha.  What i loved most was that the cups were souvis (souveniers).  I ordered a margarita and as i was talking, i hit my straw and my cup flipped over and waisted 3/4 of my drink (i just started drinking it when it happened!). less than 2 minutes later, our waiter came over with a rag and cleaned it up without us even asking or bringing it to his attention.  about 5 minutes later, he was back with a new margarita for me.  so nice of him to do that.  happy hour started at 4pm and majority of the drinks were 50% off. now thats how you get messed up!! haha. Night- kind of like an outdoor clubbish atmosphere.  Still chill so you can come dressed as you are and clearly it costs nothing for you to get in.  it starts off playing hip hop but then towards the end of the night, it plays reggae for the remainder.  closes around 4am.  We came here about 2 nights out of our trip.  You go to clevelander when you wanna have a low key night and not get dressed up in heels but still wanna dance and mingle
The food and drinks very appropriately priced!!!  We got huge beverage with a shot in, its wonderful people watching and a huge pizza, sliders, wings for under $50.  The BBQ pizza insanely fresh sweet and seasoned perfectly.  We even hit the club later for bottle service got right in and danced away.  The commercial hot spot for Oceanview, sold out and loved it;)
Love this place!! We stayed here for two nights on our vacation to Miami. The roof top bar is amazing to hang out, the party place!!! Rooms are nice and small, very clean though! But you are staying on the south beach ocean drive. When ever I am in Miami, I am coming back to clevelander!!
Absolute love this....friendly staff, clean hotel/rooms. food is great and the drinks are good too. No complaints. great place to try if you visit Miami.
Very disappointing! We purchased a room ahead of time and once we checked in they tried to UPSELL us on a pool view and when we declined put us in a room next to the elevator. Check in was suppose to be 3pm but our room wasn't ready until 6pm with NO apology! The outside patio was fun and we did have great service but we will be staying at another hotel and walking to the outside bar next time.
I have been to a lot of crappy bars but this one takes the cake.  DON'T GET SUCKED INTO THIS PLACE.   I can see the appeal - the place is on a corner in a great location, loud music is always pumping, and there always seems like there is a decent crowd.  But seriously, the touristy patrons, overpriced drinks, and horrible staff will make you rethink your decision to even enter this place. Our experience began at the very front of the Clevelander.  There were just 4 of us - 3 girls and one guy.  The doorman told us that there was a cover that night, but that he'll "accept tips."  Mt boyfriend slapped $6 in his hand and waited for a reaction.  The doorman looked at his palm as if someone had just hauked a lugie in it.  Clearly, he was expecting upwards of $20-$30 for us all.  He asked for a $20 and when we realized we weren't going to give it to him, he made a face and pulled the rope away so we could walk in.   Five seconds later, we spoke with 2 other friends who had walked in a minute before us, and found out that there was in fact no cover that night.  What, draining us through overpriced mixed drinks and added gratuity isn't enough??  Our other friends were locals - perhaps that's why he didn't bother asking them for $$.  Maybe we looked like we had TOURIST tamped on our foreheads. Once inside, the place was nothing special.  Okay music and atmosphere, but mostly d-bag patrons and miserable bartenders.  Won't be stopping at the Cleve our next trip to Miami.
sssoooo bachelorette party weekend...this was our first stop for the weekend... eeehhh.... it was a Friday night and it didn't feel tight...  10 sexy hot ladies...ZERO sexy men!  It was packed...with lots of drunk icky dudes. Mostly non-American. Which is fine and dandy, we are in a tourist hot spot, but it goes to show that the locals don't hang out here...for a good reason. I wouldn't wanna be surrounded by stinky drunk men all night...and the bathrooms were quite disgusting. Maybe we caught it on a bad night...but it just wasn't all that great. The only saving grace was having my girlfriends there to party with.
This is for lunch time only... amazing food and amazing service! I tried all of my groups' variety of burgers and tacos and they were all delish! Also had the Rum Runner mega sized cockatail and it was just what a girl needs in the hot SoBe sun.
As soon as I got in, I begged to leave. On the positive, The staff was nice. Music was OK. The place gets packed, but it's more the spring break crowd. One star for being tacky. Limited alcohol selection. Obnoxiously loud. Definitely a waste of time.
Yes, this is a total tourist trap but alot of fun! Music was good the couple of times we went and no cover. The best part was the frozen red bull vodkas that the guys in our group went nuts over. I have to agree they were pretty fantastic and perfect for those hot nights...
REOPENED!! Traveled by foot to the Clevelander to see the changes in store for 2009 and beyond. The lobby actually looks like a hotel now instead of a sports bar like it used to. Bright furniture and decor. Outside of course is the place to be. Tables lining the sidewalk with huge umbrellas overhead. I think they are all prepared for raining season. They had a temporary stage set up for the opening weekend that actually covered the pool. A 9 piece Reggae band was playing that had great beats but because the stage took up so much room...no dance area. Now anyone that went to the old Clevelander remembers their weekly Saturday afternoon Bikini Contest. Wow I mean if you like female bodies like I love females bodies, don't miss this in '09. The most memorable then was a bikini made with fishing line....yeah she won! Free cover when we went during the daytime and lots of beach goers. A  must stop for any tourist and day/night outdoor hangout for locals. Might have given it more stars but need to revisit when pool is open and dancing area can be utilized. Plus yes there is a hotel with rooms for rent.
We stopped here a few times before going out but the piece de la resistance was easily the Raging Bull. Frozen red bull vodka??? Are you serious??? I must have had close to 10 over the 4 days we were in town. The club was okay, def a tourist trap but I'd walk on broken glass to get another Raging Bull
This was the perfect end to our beach day.  After the Sobe Food & Wine Fest, we needed a place to sit and chill after eating and drinking everything in sight at the event.  Their rooftop lounge was unexpected; I never knew that was there!  With its own bar & wait staff, full menu, and live music, it's swank in chanks! They sport plenty of seating, 3 mini-pools, and a view of the skyline and surrounding ocean that can only be described as iconic Miami.   Everyone seemed to be having a great time.  By the time I left, the place was bumpin' and I couldn't help but think that this would also make a great happy hour or cocktail venue under the sultry Miami moon. Food for thought...
Expensive drinks, cool fire show and sexually harassed....fun times.
I'm a serious believer in getting more for your money, and The Clevelander takes this to levels not yet reached in outer space.  You've got a hotel NEAR THE BEACH,  a restaurant, 5 lounges and a nightclub.  You could literally stay here and not go anywhere else, unless you wanted to shop, but I'm sure they're finding a way to put a mall in there somewhere... The best part (no, lovely yelpers, the all inclusive heaven on earth-ness wasn't the best part) is that the rate is competitive (or as competitive as it could be for Miami).  I usually book early so my review may be a little biased because of that.  However, with all that you get in this hotel, the price may be worth it, take some friends, Miami is always better in groups! This hotel is usually the first I mention when I have clients interested in Miami.  The only other hotel that sort of competes with this one for me is the Avalon, because they provide free breakfast.  However, the Avalon, with it's famous restaurant, is not as active or as beautiful as this one. When you come to The Clevelander and you see a short, round, but fabulous person lounge hopping, that will be me.  Stop by and say "hi", I party all night long!!!
My first timr herr and it was nice. Good prices, good food, good drinks just all around good. I love the grown and sexy  outside and the good music. I will come back again
My review is limited to random Saturday afternoons, like the one which just passed... I was definitely surprised at the change in the crowd from the last time I went to the Clevelander (granted - it was over 4-5 years ago). It was a bit rowdy, the crowd was questionable to the least, & the "promoter" was doing nothing but parading around 2 girls wearing nothing but tape. I guess I'm getting old, but it's just not my scene. I could definitely sit in the corner & laugh all afternoon long, but then the really, really expensive drinks would deter me from staying very long. It's surely still the touristy spot, but I'll probably keep going the next time I'm walking by...
I really like this spot.....definitely better than the club scene. I mean, I don't want to compare but since you asked (lol). If you consider yourself a mature, sexy yet drama-free person, then this hotel hangout spot is for you. The club scene has become childish in my eyes and it always feel like a dramatic fashion competition. I don't like competing; I just want to look nice and vibe with great people. I went here during the Memorial weekend, a month ago. The music (mostly mainstream music which can include hip-hop, rock, alternative, etc) was definitely up to par, it wasn't extremely pack but it was a good amount of people to draw you in. I am not sure if they always have hotel parties but if I was to go back to Miami (and it won't be Memorial weekend, lol) I will deinitely check this spot out again.
This was probably the best outdoor lounge/bar that we went to during our stay in Miami.  It was always available and packed with no cover.  The music was great and represented the miami nightlife with fist pumping and booty shaking!  I love the mini pools around and multiple bars around the area. We also came here for the superbowl party and boy, every table was given a limit of $150 to be able to sit in.  It's miami and it's all about partying and not caring about money!!! I loved the vibe of The Clevelander.  It screams out Miami with its palm trees surrounding and colorful decor.  If you want, they also have the Clevelander rooftop bar, which does not get as crowded though.  It is a great rooftop view of Miami though, check it out!
Even though the view is good, there is a total cluster**** dowstairs with people waiting to get on the elevator to get to the roof. While we avoided that, it's still something that needs to be fixed. They also need to learn how to make drinks. Really bad alcohol=bad drink.
The Clevelander is a great spot on Ocean Avenue. Tourist trap yes, but we really enjoyed our time here. It's a great spot to get some day time cocktails after a day of soaking up the Miami sun. The prices can't be beat and the drinks were yummy! We were able to get a table on the porch of the Hotel and watch the Flyers play off games when we were in here in April.  Yes. Ice hockey! (Especially with a Heat game on!) It was a nice buffer away from the regular bar crowd. It has a great vibe and out the patrons were pretty friendly, not to mention the people watching was phemonenal!   We camped out all day and didn't feel that we needed to order a ton of drinks or rushed out because they were trying to turn over the table! The stage is pretty decent for live music and they really pack people in here. My husband laughs as he spent every day here during his college spring breaks over a decade ago. All, in all a great place to relax and grab drinks.
I have never sat down for a meal here but I have done my share of drinking and partying.  The atmosphere is always electric and the live music is always great.  Drinks are a bit expensive but what isn't on South Beach?  If you're in town for a chill place to go have a good time than I highly recommend The Clevelander!!!
Everything about our trip to Miami was PERFECT. CLEVELANDER= PARTY HOTEL.  MUSIC til (seems like) all night.  The party does not end, and I love that about the Miami scene.  The beach is across the street.  The pool is in the front of the hotel along with the restaurant and bars.  The staff... always pumped.  When we first arrived, we were greeted with pina coladas!   The concierge people send you to the most popular clubs. Only downside- our room was small for 4 girls.. atmosphere, vibe, service, and HOT men (waiters/hosts/party planners) 4 stars.  Juan Phillipe (works at the restaurant) so DREAMY! room 3 stars. Would I stay there again?  Maybe if I were in the age range 21-25, haha.  Next time I'll upgrade to the bigger/classier hotels.
The Sunday rooftop is so chill here.  I was really not in the mood for a big crowd and just wanted some chill time to myself.  I took my laptop up to the rooftop lounge and there was chill R&B music and free wi-fi.  The Miami shore line was amazing.  There was a cool breeze and an amaing view of the setting sun over the ocean.  They also had a pretty nice sized flat screen if you wanted to catch up on your Sunday football games. There is a full restaurant staff to order food if you're in the mood for a bite to eat. Nice.
(insert The Cleveland Show theme song here) Da Da Da DA DADA! I stayed at the Clevelander on my bday visit to Miami ..and I liked my experience .... i liked it alot! The Clevelader is located on the South Beach Strip and 10th.  The rooms are art deco design so its so Miami Beach and extremely small.  I thought the rooms were a bit tooo small when I had friends over to visit, but the hotel service makes up for it.  We arrived to Miami from Los Angeles early in the morning, tired and jet lagged.  While my friends hotel treated them like a wet food stamp, my hotel "The Clevelander" welcomed me and the fee with opened arms. Early check ins are awesome!!! Everyone who worked at the Clevelander was polite and very helpful.  Moreover, the Clevelander just happen to be a great place to hang out during the day or at night. I just knew the Clevelander would suck because most touristy places do, but I was wrong. WIN! WIN!! The Clevelander gets my stamp of approval: Q!
this is def a unique place on south beach. as you sit down you watch all the freak shows pass by on rollerblades and thongs. lol. j/k circa 1995 but I was only in middle school then.... I'm use to tourist guys coming up to me saying.... " hi where are you from!!!??? " There is a pool and a dance floor outside... really a freak show to say the least... but if your super duper drunko I suggest you stop by and shake your moves. Dont worry the next morning everything seems a blur of the overdosed tequilla shots penetrating in your liver the next morning. this is more of a tourist trap than a real miami hang out. the prices are a bit up there but its good to go on a sunday for a football game. i suggest you toursits to check it out.. parking may be a mission so be patient.
Our last night in Miami after Ultra neeed to be something special, We were all showered, fed (woohoo, first meal in four days!) and looking to kick back on South Beach. Well, someone had the great idea of the Clevelander (which I have been calling Cavender's, since I think my heart is truly in Texas...) anywho. We left the Doubletree and were about to hail cabs when we saw that there was an escalade Limo parked outside. Lucky? Fate? Whatever, we're in! We end up outside, and informed there is a cover. There are about 20 of us...so naturally, the best solution is to pay about a grand for bottle service. OK! We got a private table and seating on the roof and four bottles with mixers and a waitress. Everyone was very nice, and dealt with our general debaucherousness. Our waitress didn't skip a beat, even when I asked for club soda and limes...since god forbid I consume juice! The view is gorgeous, and it made me wish I spent more time on South Beach while I was in MIA for Ultra. We had our own dance parties too. I have a very vague recollection of this evening once I left the taxi. I blame it on stimulants, dehydration, ASOT 550 and my intense love of vodka. Pictures are priceless, and I love my #trancefamily.
Good times here.  You can meet people from around the world here.  Its all outdoors which make this place an extra neat place to hang out at night.  No cover and reasonably priced drinks.  For an extra $2 they will make the mix drink a double.
From now on I'll be bringing any friends from out-of-town that want to experience the real South Beach to The Clevelander. What a jewel, and I mean this in the way that you can drink while surrounded by every single stereotype to ever come out of this city. However, that can be refreshing every once a while, I think it helps you get back to your roots in a way. I came with a friend who is very anti-South Beach and more into nature-and-playing bongos and she was outraged at having to pay $15 for a Mojito (or any other drink for that matter.) The bartender must have felt bad as he watched me struggle to explain to her that these were standard beach prices, as he very kindly let us know that if we waited 15 more minutes we could get their Happy Hour prices and drinks would be HALF OFF (very reasonable, and you better believe that wait-we-did.) We had a good laugh, when at Happy Hour time our male bartender was replaced by a female one in a bikini top who attended every other guy at the bar before turning to the only two girls-- she was perfectly nice, and again I had to explain to my friend that these were all things that came natural to the situation we had placed ourselves in. The guys would tip her better, we would be catty girls who would just talk about her bikini top. The drinks were fine enough, and we had a great conversation sitting at the bar and people watching. We actually got pretty buzzed after a couple of rounds and really enjoyed walking around the area afterward. Will definitely be coming back to take advantage of their Happy Hour again, or will the Happy Hour take advantage of us?
Pretty cool place. I was visited my buddy here for New Years and we chose to come here (everyone I met was from out of town). It's different clubbing outside as oppose to indoors. I will say that they could have done a far better job for New Years then they did. Wouldn't mind coming here again on another visit.
We really aren't into the whole "clubbing" scene, so the Clevelander is just the right mix of drinking, music and dancing for a relaxing weekend night. We came here with a group of friends from out of town, and we really liked the whole ambience. It isn't one of those "see and be seen" kind of places, which really makes the atmosphere more laid back. I can't comment on the price, as I didn't pay for any of the drinks, but the service was really slow. The bartender seemed to be a little lost and despite the place not being very busy at 1 am, we still waited over 20 min from walking up to the bar to sitting down with our drinks. The music was great, a mix of hip-hop, rock, techno...everything. If they could only improve on the service, this would definitely be a four star place, and possibly a five star. A great place to bring friends from out of town when you don't want to go to the clubs.
I came here during my stay after a cruise.  They were having a costume contest that got wild!  I met the owners and the GM. The Miami Vice is out of sight!  I'll be stopping here my next visit to Miami. -10/30/2010
The Clevelander is sort of a South Beach Ocean drive institution. I do prefer having afternoon drinks at this bar then a night time piss up. Mostly cause it's my feared meat market and can't even get to the toilet without being groped by some tourist looking for some. However I do enjoy the feel for this bar. I'm not much of an Ocean Driver on a Saturday night, but sometimes i'll stop by this bar for a few.
By far the worst bar I have ever been to. After the bartender not only over charged us ..first $80 then $60 for two drinks, she gave us major attitude when we politely asked to have the bill corrected. I understand people make mistakes, but seriously we didn't deserve to be treated like we were. Way better bars in South Beach. P.S. The signature Vodka Lemonade was a disappointment. Weakest drink ever made
Your typical tacky Ocean Drive tourist trap restaurant/bar in South Beach....but they make a damn good drink (try the Miami Vice, oh jeez) and relatively good appetizers for an afternoon beach break snack. When we stopped by for said snack, I ordered the ahi tuna sliders. They were good I suppose, but not at all what I expected - the ahi was ground and fully cooked. Literally like little fish hamburgers. I'm used to rare ahi so I was a little surprised, but whatever. Our servers were really nice (one was almost a little TOO nice) and our wait time wasn't bad. Oh, and they seemed to have much better music than the rest of the places we walked by (house/techno as opposed to salsa-type stuff). And on another note....am I the only one who kinda giggles to herself at the thought of the name "Clevelander"? Yes? Okay. I'm secure with my immaturity. It's fine. [giggle snort]
YESSS this place was the Bomb! I so happen to go when they were having a costume party so It was a TRIP!. Lots of good lookers and great music The waitresses are so funny! they were quite flirty! hehe...
Great music!  We went during half off food and apps.  The waitresses were great looking and thee drinks were good and strong when you add the floaters.  Definitely a good place to people watch.
One word: cougartownsville. The music was good and the dance floor was bumpin later in the night. The best part is cougar watching tho: the hilarious 40 something's hitting on guys half their age. My friends and I unexpectedly at a good time. Not a college spring break place but still fun!
Spring break central!  The Clevelander has it's time and place, but understand that you're basically going to be partying with other tourists.  If you're looking for a more local feel or if you want to see the famed "beautiful people" of Miami, you need to get off of Ocean Ave. Because it's a tourist spot, the Happy Hour drink specials are good.  2 for 1s, buckets of beer, and slushy margarita style drinks abound. The Clevelander also does do a great job marching out "models" in bikinis during  their "fashion/swimsuit/dance" shows. If you're a 20 something on vacation with a spring break mentality, there is definitely a lot of low hanging fruit at the Clevelander.  If you're looking to hook up, you'll do okay at this place.  Gotta count that as a positive I guess. Overall, if you're visiting Miami, the Clevelander is probably worth a visit.  I just can't imagine that you'll be a repeat offender.
If you really want the spring break/girls gone wild/jersey shore vibe check this place out. If you want a couple drinks while you watch a basketball game, I don't recommend it. Potential for a fun night of dancing but when we were there there weren't many people on the dance floor.
my friends and I stayed here... unknowingly. We booked at the Essex behind it and they "upgraded" us to the Clevelander. The bathroom in the room had frosted doors that were hung backwards and wrong. They didn't close all the way and you could SEE INTO the bathroom but not see OUT when you were in. So pretty much, my friends and I got to watch each other take shits and showers. Good thing we know each other pretty well.....!! Other than that, the location is AMAZING and the rooftop was to die for. I spent nearly my whole weekend on the roof and the beach. The scene downstairs is really crowded and loud, it's not my thing but people were having fun. I'm not sure if i'd stay again but i did like the location because it was beach front. i don't know when it was rennovated, we stayed in the middle of May.. but it looked like it JUST opened... we might have even been the first in our room it was so new and clean. The club scene at night was ridiculous... loud, pushy, fast and crowded. Need i say more? One thing i want to point out = SoBe is EXPENSIVE. Coronas are like 7 or 8 bucks and a hamburger and coke lunch for four is around 60 or 70 bucks. Plan on dropping lots of money.
So much fun and had a great time here! No wait to get in and the bartenders were fast and made yummy drinks! I would love to go back again when I'm in Miami!
Lots of really hot women with great food, music, and drinks. What else more could you want. 4th of July craziness is insane right now. Love it.
This place is great, because it is in Miami Beach, and is outdoors. if this place was indoors anywhere else, i would hate it. But grab a drink, dance a move, listen to some sweet beats and enjoy your night under the stars. Super diverse crowd, very laid back, and alot of fun.
Visiting Miami Beach for the weekend with a group of 12, we walked by the Clevelander on Saturday night and dismissed it because of the cover charge. But when we went by again on Sunday, the bouncer told us that the rooftop club had no charge. Party on the rooftop? Yeah, we're going up. There's a small dance floor and a bar up there, plus an awkward unisex bathroom. The DJ played the same kind of music you hear coming from every club on Ocean (read: Pit Bull every other song), but they also had a dude playing along on a bongo set, which was pretty neat. It looked like you could get bottle service if you really want it, but since we were just there to dance our faces off on a roof, we went with the free option.
didn't stay here but did drink and party. Great time, good drinks, fun people. Rocked it out on the roof until 4 am on a Thursday night. Staff was super nice.
This review is strictly for the outdoor bar area. My 9 girlfriends and I came to Miami over the summer, and the Clevelander was one of our first stops during our trip. Our waitress was an absolute sweetheart and was very attentive. She and a few of the other servers gave us suggestions about which clubs/bars to go to while we were in town. We LOVED Happy Hour, the frozen drinks are delicious and the appetizers are priced reasonably. I'll definitely be back when I am in Miami next month!
This place is completely fratastic and so much fun! ;)  I hung out here on a Saturday afternoon, watched some college football, ate some pizza...If you're not that into college football, they were blaring the hottest dance mixes on the other side of the bar.  There's something for everyone!  I could hang out here all day!  My friends got some frozen drinks and the pina colada was yummy!  Not too sweet, pretty strong.  Wish I could've checked this place out at night!
We were visiting Miami and decide to grab drinks at The Clevelander.  We went to the bar to get drinks, paid, and never got back our credit card. We were then informed by the bartender that we started a tab, which we did not! He was fumbling and trying to ignore me for several minutes. We kept telling him that we never got our card back, the check was not even signed for. He looked around again but cannot find our credit card so he had to call manager over. Now the manager comes and looks and still nothing! Card still missing... He looks around again and where does he find our credit card! IN the THRASH! They did not even offer an apology! He just walked away and gave back the credit card.  They really think that throwing away your credit card is fine and that no apology is necessary!  We were visiting, so we really need our card back.  I have never seen  this lack of professionalism, esp from a manager.
The last time I was here, I barely remember being here. All signs point to a good night.
Came here for my first happy hour in Miami, and had a good time.  1/2 of well and beers during M-F happy hour so it makes for a great place to hit up right after the beach.   It's no not overly pretentious but still very Miami.  You can hang at the tables, stand around two round bars, chill on couches, stew the outdoor pool (nasty), or do some dancing in front of everyone on stage. There are several cigar girls walking around with affortable cigar (quality = ???) if you want to go that route too.  No cover.  Not too crowded.   Service was mixed.  The same bartender who was rude at first turned super nice later.  Overall pretty attentive staff though.   One huge complaint -- There mojitos were the nastiest things I've tasted.  Basically sugar water w/ full leaves of mint and fruit floating in it.  As if its not sweet enough, they stick a piece of sugar cane for you to chew on.  It's all fine and dandy, but when you charge $12 for a mojito and consider it to be a specialty drink -- it better be special.   Locals probably call this a tourist trap -- but eh, who cares.
This place was different.  It was like a crazy outdoor bar/club which also had restaurant seating.  The crowd was diverse and there were some pretty hot waitresses there in booty shorts, haha.  There was a band on stage and a dance floor.  We had dinner there and I ordered their watermelon mojito, which was quite delicious.  I also ordered their burger sliders, which were surprisingly cute and good!  Our waitress was nice and attentive.  It's a cool place to people watch, to eat or to dance...
Had a hella good time at happy hour. Pit came on and folks lost their minds in the place. The Goose had me feelin nice too. Props to the staff here - real cool peeps. Just be sure to watch your drink. If you even move, the staff will remove it faster then a speeding bullet! This place is very well attended to and the security does not mess around. Watch yourself if you even think you are going to dance on top of a ledge or table top. Security don't play that! We were tourists, so of course we stayed for Carnival. Those Brazilian dancers were so good that they made me want to quit my day job - maybe in another lifetime. I agree with the other reviewers. If you find yourself in South Beach, definitely make your way to the Clevelander. You can't miss it, it's one of the liveliest places on the Ocean Drive.
Ordered 2 burgers, a diet coke, and a beer and paid $50. Don't get me wrong they were food burgers but they charged an extra $2 for cheese each burger. Idk if I'll go back for food. However,  I did watch the USA v England soccer game there and the energy was good.
Came here with my girls last night (Sunday) in the mood to par-tay. Music was great (Top 40, Hip Hop and Reggae). Waitress was extra courteous. Only thing missing was that no one was really on the dance floor : /
Saturday night. Football playoffs. Packed to the gills. Live music. Hot bartenders...yeah sure, I blend right in.  This place was hopping.  Bring your wallet, it ain't cheap.  But it's like something out of every made-for-TV stereotype you have in your head about South Beach.  Gotta do it.
The waitresses tried to charge full price during happy hour and were rude when we called them out on it. We tried to go back at night for a free night club... the bouncer told me to "fuck off" because my ID looked fake despite the fact that it was real, I'm very much of age (I had even already had drinks at the place), and the rest of my friends had the same exact ID's from the same state. Great location but TERRIBLE service.
If I can afford it YES i would stay here again!!! TWO funny things though...You cant take liquor back up to your room and you get ID'd to go back to the hotel....Its pretty cool though and the rooms are the typical small rooms but I liked it
I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews about the Clevelander because it's "too touristy"-- It's in the heart of Miami Beach, there's a pool, bars upstairs and downstairs, it's outside, loud music, bright lights-- the place screams MIAMI, what tourist wouldn't want to visit? So, can we be a little friendlier to our fellow tourists? If you tend to have a good time anywhere you go, you will have a GREAT time at The Clevelander. If you are looking to find the negative in places you visit, then seek and you shall find.
This is just based on the Nightlife: it half way sucked. This is something just for the tourist. Not the people that are in Miami for the weekend, but the little English speaking people that are gone for 2 weeks. At night go any direction north or south of this place and you'll have a better time. The dj- sucked. Drinks - sucked. Cost of drinks is about average for the area but that too = sucks. The roof is the only place that was worthy and even there you look down and think if you jumped would you hit someone that have a travels check.
Oh, the Clevelander.  Consistently good/strong drinks, always busy, great music, amazing people watching, excellent service & killer location!  Ladies can usually skip the cover, too... and for the guys, it is only $10 (or was when we were there on a busy weekend night).  For how expensive South Beach is, this place is slightly better price-wise.  Best part -- it's easy to get a drink even when it's packed!   Don't miss their rooftop bar.  And for you South Beach newbies - check your bill, as almost all bars and restaurants there include gratuity (Clevelander included)!
I've happened into this bar while visiting Miami on two different occasions.  The music is decent, but the crowd is lacking.  The drinks were good, but nothing special.  Definitely not my kind of spot.
Can't go wrong here, a South Beach classic. Always a good time, always something going on. They even put the Stanley Cup on for is in their Sports Bar when it was technically closed, just so we could watch it, and still had a waitress serve us from outside.
I had lunch outside here at their bar/restaurant. The food was standard bar food. Nothing to write home about.
I stayed here back in '06 with my boyfriend, we had a really good time, the room that we had was decent even though we asked for a king they gave us two queens but we didn't complain because when you go to miami, you rarely stay in the hotel anyway. The nightlife is pretty good, wet willies was enough for us though :] They're still renovating the hotel I heard, it's been two years already and we're waiting for them to re-open so we can go back and stay here again. So excited!!!
I always have a good time here, beautiful bartenders don't hurt either.  Food is decent, drinks are strong.  It's of course Miami pricing, so don't really think the 2 for 1 happy hour is anything special, since you're basically paying one high price to cover two drinks.  But again, I like this place, it's always got some kind of entertainment, such as the bikini/evening gown/lingerie show that my boys and I got to see.  Or just their random "dance" contests.  It's definitely a tourist attraction, but go and you'll like it.
The Clevelander is an awesome place to grab a drink and soak in the vibe in Miami Beach.   After a stroll down Ocean drive, the man and I decided to grab a seat at the bar and grab a drink.   I  LOVED my pina colada which was made just right while Shane got a beer...  Our bartender was awesome enough to take our pictures.  Their pool is just a few steps away from their bar but no one was enjoying the pool while we were there.   They include an 18% gratuity in your bill so you don't have to worry about adding it on.  Awesome place.  If I'm ever in town again,  I will be back.
Not just a spot, not a liver spot, not a spot like your dog Spot, but THE SPOT on Ocean Drive. Perfect for outside drinking day or night. Lots of free Brazilian entertainment goes down here from girls shaking their asses doing samba, dudes performing capoeira, go-go dancers and even fire gimmicks. There is a dance floor, a few bars, a gang of tables, and lots open of space to treat yo self. If you are staying in South Beach you owe it to yourself to come here and have a good time. I even know a few locals that give this place the oh-kay-kay-kay.
The last time I came to South Beach, my friends and I were searching for cool clubs to go dancing at.  We ended up going to Clevelanders every night for about a week because it was absolutely the best club in the area.  Regardless of whether you find someone to dance with there, it's always a great time.
After a recent visit to the Clevelander, I was reminded why I never reviewed this before.  There are simply no words.  One part tourist-trap, one part sports-bar, and all the liquid courage you need to get on stage and shake -- ahem -- whatever you got.  It's one of those experiences that can only be described as controlled chaos.  It's a quintessential taste of Ocean Strip that brings together the best and worst of South Beach under the soft glow of neon lights and high def LCD screens.  Next time you feel like taking a night off from your double-life as a scenester, head over to the Clevelander to watch the game and make some poor decisions.  You won't remember them anyway.
Ugh this place was such a disappointment happy hour is limited drinks are pricey they automatically add to your receipt. I'm here visiting from NYC and might have my standards high but when I say this on the number one list for happy hour I thought why not. Now I would think twice before listening to yelp terrible choice I felt like I was 17 in the 90"s.
This is a fun place with a  great view and the option to hang out on the rooftop bar, inside, or outside. Plenty of TVs for watching the game, a DJ spinning some good music, and killer bar food. Drinks were pricey and they add a tip, what's with that? The staff seemed friendly and the service was good. Fun place.
I've been to the Clevelander before, but just to party and the parties were always fun. I finally decided to stay here and boy oh boy. What did they renovate? The hotel is small. 1st things 1st, why is there only one elevator in the entrance and it is by the kitchen?? Too much traffic in one area. The decor is very basic and the rooms are small and plain. I know you pay for the location, but my goodness could there be something to talk about when it comes to the rooms?
Fun Friday night outdoor party, with beautiful dancers and lots of room to spread out. The patio is nicely landscaped with lots of areas to sit and move around. Drinks are a bit pricey but decently sized and strong. DJ could be better, but not a bad option if you are in the Ocean Drive area.
BEST PLACE IN SOUTH BEACH!!! Next time i come to South Beach, want to stay at this hotel!!! I been to The Clevelander twice during my trip to Miami. My two buddies and I stayed at the boring South Beach Plaza Hotel, not too big of a hotel but got it was cheap and got the job done. Hey ITS ME AND TWO OTHER GUYS, WE DONT COMPLAIN! But every night we stayed in South Beach, we decided to A ROUND AT A BAR EACH BLOCK, starting at 14th street (where South Beach Plaza Hotel was located) and head down. Wow what a plan that was! We were FUCKING SMASHED BY THE 5TH BLOCK!!! But each time we did this, we'd somehow end up at the Clevelander! The drinks were fairly priced if not cheap. But my buddies and i were just drinking buckets with, if i remember correctly 5 or 6 beers in them. They also served food. One of my friends had the sliders, which he said were pretty tasty. The service was great and the bartenders were most good looking females and very friendly. There's always loud music playing if not a live band playing. So its very enticing once you pass by. The hotel just gives a Miami vibe when you sit and have a drink here. There a little 3 ft pool to the right where people lounge around during the day, and a stage where the live band plays. The Clevelander is outside so tank top and shorts are fine. All the people we met that stayed at their hotel said it was a party hotel! I was so jealous! But i WILL STAY THERE NEXT TIME!!!
The Clevelander has yet to disappoint me party wise. I love the open dance club and also the rooftop views. Definitely a must do on South Beach. :) Never stayed here or tried the food, but if you are looking for some night life make this one of your stops.
Another good place to people watch in South Beach. Stopped for drinks in the afternoon, but made the mistake of sitting in a booth by Ocean Drive. Every tour operator, club promoter and aspiring rastafarian rap star dropped off fliers hawking their wares.  We made it a game to see how many different ones we could collect. Ordered the: -COCONUT SHRIMP -MIAMI VICE (blended drink that's half rum runner/half pina colada) -CAIPIRINHA (national drink of Brazil made with cachaça sugar cane rum and lime) At night, this place transforms into an outdoor dance party.  Shots shots shots!
Came here a few days before New Years with my bf & a group of friends . security and staff is great . Staff seemed very helpful with a situation that happened that night . The rooftop party is awesome !
CONS 1. Come here if you want to re-live Cancun, the marketed clientele are touristy young people that want to get tanked and wild. 2. Sorely disappointed in most of the wait staff... reserved a suite and was going to depend on the room's dedicated host/concierge who introduced himself and informed us he was going to NYC for the weekend but call him if we needed anything. Servers were sluggish and uninterested. Impression was that due to the volume of guests they did not need to worry about the wants of a particular guest. The registrar was the worst I've ever experienced, was rebuffed on separate occasions asking for additional amenities, contact information for a different concierge, and  requesting late check out. 3. LOUD- they give you ear plugs in your room... If you want to go to bed before 3:30am you will definitely need them. PROs 1. Centrally located, great for getting anywhere in Miami Beach, sort of landmark reputation, anyone knows where it is. 2. Don't have to go far for something to eat or a good party scene. Convenient restaurant down stairs with good food and the bar was always packed. Conclusion Not the scene I was looking for in Miami Beach, for the money I could have done better in accommodations.
The caipirinhas are weak, just juice. It's not strong at all. Other than that its a chill place to hang out with friends with a variety of music and entertainment. Wink. Wink.
What can I say? I'm a Miami native who had some good times in this place. So good that years later, I went back with colleagues and they remembered me HA. Food is okay, but the gem of this place is C-Level. Good seating area(s), dance floor, service and great views. This is the Miami I miss every so often.
The Clevelander is always a good time.  Drinks are overpriced but they have a pool and bar downstairs outside on the strip of ocean dr., as well as a roof top area where you can overlook the beach, ocean drive, and enjoy a few of those overpriced drinks.  They usually have a DJ hyping up the crowd outside, and people are usually dancing.  The Atmosphere is vibrant and full of life, good times at the clevelander.
Lodging The Clevelander is a 21 and up hotel. Meaning you get carded when you walk up to check in. The hotel staff is extremely friendly. Though I'm not sure if that's because we were a group of four ladies? ;-) The rooms are small but who comes to Miami to stay indoors? We were fortunate to get a room not facing the pool. They have music blasting at the bar downstairs until 4am so it's close to impossible to sleep if you get a room with a view. The bathroom is the room was my only issue. It had sliding doors that didn't really close/lock and the doors were made of translucent colored glass. Why? Why would anyone do this? First level Bar This is a tourist spot. It has to be. I can't imagine locals wanting to come out here. Everyone is dressed pretty casual and the music is what you could expect from any bar in any city. No hot Miami beats. I recommend this to anyone who isn't into the club scene. I can't imagine wasting a night here though where there are so many other options in the city.  There is an amazing rooftop that is open at night but it was too windy to enjoy this weekend. Our room was $250 a night which i guess was good for the location (beach was about 100 steps away). I don't think anyone (young and down to party) will regret staying here but I'm not sure if I'd book this place again.
Daytime on the weekends - can be a little crowded - stopped by for a drink - mine was a Miami Vice, pretty weak. Music is VERY loud, so not conducive to anything other than just chilling for a short period.
We are new to Miami Beach and thought we'd go out our first weekend here.  The Clevelander was our first stop after dinner and it is a good bar with lots of great people watching potential as it is full of tourists at night.  The drinks are a little on the expensive side ($14 for a beer and a well vodka cranberry) but reasonable for the location.         We have not gone during the day nor have we gone inside.  We hope to try it out for Sunday football soon.  All in all, a fine place to have a drink but not a spot to hang out in every weekend or with friends you want to impress.
The hubby and I are from Cali so being there the first time, was good for us. I looked at some other places, did some research on this place and decided to give it a shot. We had a blast! Their drinks are over priced, but delicious. The place is pretty big so there's hardly any elbowing. Big screen TVs a huge dancing floor, like a bridge under water really cool. We had a great time dancing! Good thing in Miami, places close late!
Went to the The Clevelander for New Years Eve 2010.  Will defintely recommend to anyone.  The price of a ticket gives you access to open bar with top notch drinks and champagne all night. Parties on multiple floors, banging music on all levels.  Outside dance floor bar by the pool on the bottom with entertainers, lots of good looking people. Great dance music, energetic crowd.  Great multiple rooftop views  firework shows over Atlantic Ocean. I luv South Beach for New Years.  Hell, I just luv South Beach.  What more could you ask for 75 to 80 degrees, drinks, and having fun?
Seems pretty touristy, but what isn't on South Beach.  The sports bar didn't seem to have many sports fans watching when I was there to watch the MLB post-season.   Food and drinks were adequate, but nothing to brag about.  Outdoor dance area was hopping at night as the area is pretty big.
This review is ONLY about Sunday Football viewing. I'm new to Miami, moved here 9/29/10 and was on the hunt for a fun spot to watch NY JETS football on Sunday's. I tried going to Monte's at the Marina and it was lame. It was land of the old folk and zero sportsbar vibe so I left and walked up Ocean Drive. I figured I'd give Clevelander a try. The back bar on 10th ave has a bar with friendly bartenders and tv screens galore with every game going. I walked in found guys in JETS shirts went up to them and said YAYYY My PEEEEOPLE!!! Turns out they were all Long Island transplants who still root for Jets. Ultimately the boneless buffalo wings and fries were deeelish (a little expensive but when you taste them it all makes sense, good quality chicken indeed). The Crowd: Ok the Clevelander is very diverse. Black, White all yelling for their teams in peace and harmony. It's a little umm rough around the edges though so ladies...if you are looking for a more upscale sportsbar where the guys are a bit more ummm Michigan State and a bit less Community College or GED, then skip the Clevelander. The guys here are fun, very fun but either married on a Sunday pass or, well rough around the edges. MY QUEST FOR A SPORTSBAR (where I can actually meet someone I can date once the clock runs out) CONTINUES...
I didnt stay at the hotel, but I hung at the pool and ate during the Winter Music Conference in 1999-2007. I go every year and the place is jumpin. Lots of beautiful people and great food. This is definately a hot spot to hit everytime Im in town.
This is my favorite hotel in Miami. We got a great deal this past December and had such an amazing weekend escaping the cold of New York. Our room was cute and clean, the hotel is funky and an absolute blast to stay at (plus, you can't complain about being welcomed with a pina colada), the bartenders are fantastic (Sandra was our favorite!) and the location is perfect. Proof of how much we loved the hotel- one night we had big plans to go out but ended up staying at the C-Level all night. It ended up being one of our favorite nights in Miami. We also extended our trip to get extra time laying out on the roof. This is a total party scene, so don't stay here if you're a bore. I can't wait to go back.
It does not get better than this on South Beach for no cover charge! The drinks are moderately priced. JD with coke for 11 bucks.
*review is for the outdoor bar area. Wasn't my kind of scene. My flight got in late on a Thursday night and my friends were just looking for something casual. Popped in around 12:30am and it was pretty empty. The people that were there were a really strange mix; saw older men in Hawaiian shirts, groups of older ladies, wannabe thugs, rocker chicks straight out of the 80s, etc... just strange. If the crowd was better it would be a pretty dope spot, it just seems to be content to be a touristy spot in a great location that will let in the rubes in cargo shorts and tank tops to pay $15 a drink.
This outside sports bar is mainly for tourists, like the Patriots football fans who come down here once a year. There are several big screen TVs and the special events features Hooters like waitresses who'll serve you buckets of bud on ice so you can save your cash for the clubs. For some male bonding to watch the big game with the tourists, this is the place.
PARTY CENTRAL! If you are coming to South Beach to have a good time then The Clevelander is the place you wanna be! Seemingly from sun up- sun down there is a party going on and everybody is invited. While I can't give it 5 stars because I haven't actually stayed in the rooms, the ambiance of the lobby, the action on the rooftop, and the outdoor entertainment that is offered warrants 4 stars alone. Their is a DJ that spins the hits, live entertain,ent that include Vegas style show girls, capoeira performers, samba dancers. multiple bars for the lushes, and ample room to boogie for the dancers. The food looks and smells delicious and the staff is definitely eye candy! DO NOT COME TO SOUTH BEACH WITHOUT STOPPING BY THE CLEVELANDER!
Yup I'm a fan. There was a good vibe here. We got a bucket of 6 beers for 35 buck and for Miami that's pretty good. The music, shows and DJ's keep the party going all day and night looong. This place is a must stop. have some drinks and let the good times roll.
I am reviewing the bar/club and not the hotel. We were a group of 20 or so who were looking for a place to hang out on an ordinary evening, and the Clevelander is, in my opinion, the place to be! (We went on a Thursday evening) You get in through the hotel entrance, but once you are in, you are met by the spot where the DJ plays music from. The DJ is just amazing! He switches from rock, hip-hop, soul, pop and any music that you listen to, and does something that I have seen very few DJs do; please everybody! They have a Happy Hour, and their prices are very reasonable! Even after the happy hour, the prices are quite reasonable! As for drinks, try the Miami Vice, a frozen drink made from Barcardi 151 rum, piña colada and strawberry daiquirí. To eliminate the Miami heat, they have sprays spewing cool mists of air, which may feel quite refreshing after a long day in the sun. They have a pool but not too many people were swimming! It had a diverse group of people sitting out in the chairs having a good time, and service was quick and efficient. We grabbed well-done chicken wings and breasts, and we saw people ordering full meals too. It has the feel of 'Yes, I am in Miami', and I would recommend it for anybody who is in Miami for a visit.It is also a large place, with an array of seating arrangements for those who prefer seating at the bar, next to the pool, the terrace or a ordinary restaurant table. Since it is outdoors, it has a sensual feel. There is a fence that keeps prying eyes of strollers on Ocean Drive off, but those at the Clevelander can somehow see the outside. Try it, you have nothing to lose; no cover-charge (until late into the night), a fantabulous DJ and reasonably priced meals and drinks. For an out-of-towner, the ambiance is truly great!
Everyday I'm shuffling!! Ocean Drive- touristy!!yikes says me who is also a tourist in Miami. I love Clevelander bar-  piece of a party land under the skies filled with stars. Reflections of stars, lights,and drunk  people on the pool, cigar girls and party crowd. Round elevated dance floor is an ultimate party starter and finisher. They have a rocking DJs who know who to rock the party and the good thing about the bar staff if that they are super nice and do not try to rip you off as many other touristy places on Ocean Drive. Im looking at you the places that serve margaritas in flower pots!!
I went here 4 nights in a row, so though I was only in south beach for a week the staff there started recognizing me, which I like. It's a pretty big place so being able to recognize customers isn't the easiest. Those waitresses I talked to were all very cheery. Probably my favorite thing about this place was that you can really get pretty much any vibe you want out of it. It's huge and mostly outside so if you don't want to have overbearing music you can go to the far side and talk normally, if you want to dance, there is a dance floor and cover bands 3/4 nights I was there. You want to watch football? there are a whole bunch of TV's set up to do just that off to the sides. If I have any complaints it's that 1: the well drinks all use top shelf liquor which wasn't something I was used to so after getting a 50 dollar tab for a handful of gin and tonics I was kinda shocked. However as I understand that is the norm in south beach.  Second, the crowd during weekdays seemed to be all 30+... as of writing this I'm 24, so I spent the first half of the night hitting on the bar staff til eventually some other girls my age came in round 11. The age thing was not remotely a problem on a Friday night though.
Lots of fun, great south beach location and unbelievably hot people
Extremely good time!! I liked that it was outdoors. Lots of people and a great atmosphere. Lots of places to sit and I enjoyed that there were people walking around and taking drinks, so you did not have to always wait at the bar. I would give it 4 stars, but the music was pretty awful. Not dancing music. Also, when I went to buy 4 drinks, the bartender asked for the ID of everyone who I was buying a drink for, yet it was 21+ to get in, so why was that necessary? Overall, a good time though!! I would definitely check it out.
I love this place. It's always a great time. Every time I have gone there the servers were great. Much better than some of the other places in south beach. The prices are very high but so is everywhere else in South Beach. The food is better than most bar/restaurants. Definitely a good place to go during happy hour since the drinks are 2 for 1. That brings the prices down almost to a normal (non south beach) level. Always good music playing and hot women dancing.
The Clevelander is always a go - to spot to refer tourists in the area. It's fun too sometimes as a regular if you want to experience the whole south beach craze im in miami b**ch vibe. Drinks are pretty reasonable. Always have a DJ and a dance floor to keep the party alive. Theres like 3 out door bars and an inside bar with tv's. TV's are out side too. Fun to watch games at. The food is okay. But nobody really goes there for the food anyway. I always have a good time when I go there...Def. should be a place you visit when you come to south beach and are looking for party outdoor vibe.
Well - this bar rocks....  If you are hungry-  the Cheeseburger here is pretty good- the local is great-  we sat on the sidewalk and watched the ballers drive by.  Great location to meet friends for a few beers.
Finally found a bar that wasn't overpriced, packed, and pretentious. My is a great spot that is outdoors. If you're looking for a casual night out or a starting place this is it. It's right near all the action. The drinks are all reasonably priced and there were plenty to choose from. The bartenders were super friendly and attentive. They have a DJ too which is a nice touch. Definitely would return here if I'm back in SOBE.
We had a great experience here! Great music, awesome drinks, hot people! The service was a-ok. I'm surprised how the servers keep up with everyone since there's so many people walking around. The food was alright..expect typical bar food. The drinks are amazing. Try their mojitos! Later at night, a dj started spinning and there was a whole lot of dancing. It's outdoor, so the pool is by there, the tables are fairly small, the main bar is kinda by the entrance, it could get crowded. It could get hot. Some of the Kardashians were here too in one if their episodes..can't remember which one. Great place to scope out if you want to experience Miami's nightlife. It's more chill and laid back than the nightclubs in the area!
Whatever you do, don't ask for a PBR at The Clevelander, the bartenders there will hold you hostage. What you can do is walk around the outdoor bar and see if there's anything remotely exciting going on, which in most cases, tends to be an utter disappointment. I'm not mad or anything, I mean, just to get in requires little effort, but the great thing about the The Clevelander -- maybe it was just my night -- is that you'll meet some really interesting people. Like, I met the back up dancers for Chayanne, only later to have a one-minute conversation with two French international students who spoke very little to no English. I mean, these students aren't influenced by the Situationist or anything, they're glitter and gloss -- but it was interesting; they seemed interesting. Look, everyone's trying to network, and maybe a touristy hotel on Collins isn't the place for it, but what the heck, you have to take your chances somwhere!
Thumbs up to this place for having go-go dancers in broad daylight on a Sunday afternoon!  It's kind of like Rosarito, Mexico meets Miami:  daytime drinking and club music, but beers are $10 each!
I love the clevelander. We were attracted to this place because the vibe just brings you.So much music. Lots of people. Every night we went here we had a different show. First night had sexy dancers and great music. Second night they had DJ and live music. The drinks were good. Not over priced . Not extremely cheap. We met great people at the bar. Lots of attractive people. Feel good spot. I liked this place better than Mangos.
Amazing show! The food was great.. surprisingly. Party does not stop until 5am!! Great outdoor party and drinks!
I didn't eat here, but I did visit twice for drinks. Once in the afternoon, once late night. The vibe is pretty much the same regardless of the time of day. It's busy, and it's...um, busy! There are always people hanging around the bars, the seats outside, the sports bar inside, the dance floor, and the pool. A dj will always be playing something during the day, and playing something even louder at night. What won't get better is the drinks. I had a southern sweet tea in the afternoon. Whoever made this thing did a great job, because it was a good balance of flavor, but had a great kick of alcohol. I came back later that night and had the same thing. It tasted like water, and it was more expensive at that hour! They do charge a cover in the evening (which you will most likely not need to worry about if you're female). Definitely a nice spot to spend some time. My fun time might have been influenced a bit by a guy who came in and bought 100 coronas to distribute to everyone, but whatever. Great time!
It's a happening spot for all of us young peeps under 30 thats for sure.  I may be getting a little old for this place. The pool parties are great but it's your typical party place. If you're looking for that type of atmosphere then it's the place to be.
I'm giving the Clevelander 4 stars purely for the fact that it's a great place to drink! The music is hip, the drink menu is a mile long and you can't beat the view - right across from the beach. I can't vouch for the food - I have never had it there - but everything else is good! A shout out to Al our waiter! He knows how to give over the top customer service and make your visit fun! Thanks Al...
Great outside bar.  Ask for Kelly - you'll get attentive service. Very near the beach.  Great food even.  Plus a full bar.
Hmm... where do I start with The Clevelander? Outdoors, live band, pool, dance area, flat screens for sports, dj front and center oh and did I mention it was outdoors? This place is everything NYC is missing! It is the ultimate tourist trap and I had no problem with that. We came here our first night to participate in their happy hour specials and I'm not sure if that was such a good idea. We drank pina coladas and bahama mamas with extra double shots in them until I couldn't sotmach the taste of another Pina Colada again. Wednesday night we walked by it it was completely crowded, like shoulder to shoulder. We missed the live band that was rocking to 90s jams and current music. The following day we came to the Clevender and hung out for a few waiting for the dj to come out and play some music. I will say that it does take a while for the people to get up and dance but after the liquid courage was poured the crowd joined in on the dance floor and was moving to reggae, reggaeton, r&b, pop, dance and rap music. I had a good time dancing like there was no tomorrow. **they include there own tax and gratuity with drinks. I saw people walking away with $50 tabs and only 2 small drinks!!!!
Great place to hang out poolside during the day/do happy hour OR to start off your night. They have good dancing beats, a good crowd, friendly bartenders and door guys (I was really cold and they moved TWO heaters in the area I was sitting... without me having to ask!). Me likey.
This definitely seemed like one of the more popular clubs around Ocean Dr..  They seemed to have a cover for the ground floor area, but no cover for their rooftop party (which closes earlier).  If you're sneaky enough, you might be able to enter towards the rooftop party and slip into the ground floor area when the bouncers aren't looking. The rooftop part was pretty cool, especially if you like nice views, since... well, you're on a roof, so you get to see pretty far.  The music was pretty good and the drinks were moderately expensive both upstairs and downstairs.  There were more drinks downstairs though, like those slushie-like drinks with alcohol. Also, both the rooftop and the ground floor parties are out in the open, so if it starts pouring you're kinda screwed.  The ground floor area has a good sized space set aside for dancing, but it does get a bit crowded. A great place to get drinks and dance, both on the roof or ground-levels, but definitely expensive.
Good location. Good music. Bouncers were fairly nice. No dress code the night I went. Was mostly a chill night because everyone was watching the Miami/Chicago bball game everywhere. Drink prices were fair. Had brunch here also and it was pretty good. Price wasn't too bad for that either. Liked this place a lot.
**Miami Takeover 2012 -- Beach Bash: An Indoor/Outdoor Day Party** Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaan, this place IS "Party City"! All the way live. I've never stayed here, but the booming music and crowd is always on-point. Come here to party HARD. If you're a wallflower (me, sometimes), it's a GREAT place to people-watch.
This is another south beach must, I had alot of fun.  My only complaint is that it's never consistent.  Sometimes there's a cover sometimes not...  sometimes you can go to the rooftop sometimes not.  I gotta admit that rooftop lounge is a ton of fun.  I met so many awesome people.  And there's alot of cute girls...  Well I was rolling with 5 so...  yeah.  I had fun.
This club is definitely one of the most popular ones along Ocean Drive and around Miami Beach. When we we walked by during the day time, it was super packed already and I made a mental note to circle back at night. Come night time it was decided that we would hit up Clevelander after stopping by Mangos. There was a cover fee if we wanted to enter the downstairs area, but luckily they also had a rooftop area that was free. The view from up here is quite amazing at night since you get to see a lot of Ocean Drive and the beach also. There were also lightening storms in the distance, which made for a spectacular show as we were dancing the night away. The music here is a mix of mainstream music with Spanish music. When the mainstream music was on everything was great, but everything else was kind of meh. After we left the rooftop area, it must have been a lot later because there was no longer a bouncer for the pool area. We decided to checkout downstairs also and the DJ here was much more mainstream. The dance floor is a lot bigger and we can order drinks/food downstairs. The rooftop only had a small drinks bar.
I LOVED the C-level terrace. Great view of the beach! DJ playing up to date hip-hop music.     M-F they have a happy hour with $5 drinks. The pina coladas on the c-level terrace are made from scratch and sooooooo delicious! Seriously the best pina colada I have ever had. I ordered a pina colada downstairs but it came out of the machine and wasn't that good. Downstairs they have a live cover band which I didn't care for.
Certain bouncers think they are the most important people in the world. They pushed and shoved me (a girl) and 2 other people I was with. We did nothing wrong but they had something against us from the very beginning. The bartender and other employee were backing us up but these bouncers didn't give a care in the world. Speaking with someone outside of the club who knows this place very well says that they treat several customers this way and that the owner needs to really rethink who he hires to represent his business. Never coming back here again.
This place showed me a good time through out my visit. I must of had hung out here every day through out my visit. Great drinks and awesome environment.
Went here for happy hour drinks and a snack.  Exceeded our expectations!  Even though the drinks are a little pricey, they are so enormous that it's actually a good deal.  Excellent drink selection! Ok, so expected the drinks to be good... but what really surprised us is that the food was excellent too!  And our server was fantastic.  Went way above and beyond in treating us and providing recommendations. Loved our time here.  Great people watching, drinks, food, service, and ambiance!!
We didn't stay here just had a meal. But the service was good and the everyone was friendly but not overly in an annoying way. Watching the people walk by as we ate on the patio was of course one of the fun things to do in Miami. Later we were able to go up to C-Level, club like setup on roof of The Clevelander. That was fun!! The DJ was on point although the drinks weren't as good as the bar downstairs.
Had a great time at the bar. Drinks we're a bit on the pricey side but so are all the drinks in the area. I also came back during the day and ate at the restaurant. Service was good and so was the food.
Wonderful hotel, great location and good services.  Food was pretty good here although we only ate here one night.  I would highly recommend staying at this hotel for the value/amenities/location.
It is a Club, thats it. Nice drinks, nice girls but nothing special.
Overpriced drinks, and the service was atrocious. Don't waste your time here.
We were walking around on a Sunday night looking for a place to grab drinks after a heavy dinner at Mango's. I agree with Lo S. - from the outside, it looked pretty happening. It's all outdoors, and it has a good lounge-y. We got sucked right in. As it turns out, this is SUCH a tourist spot; seemed like a lot of Europeans and Canadians there. The drinks are moderate in price; you will probably get the most out of your money by ordering buckets of beer. The DJ was spinning some GREAT music, but people were not dancing!! This might be attributed to the fact that the dance floor was probably....oh, 5 by 7 feet big. We actually cleared the dance floor b/c the five of us took up all the space. Oops. Some advice to the Clevelander::  increase dance floor = better ambiance and more yelp stars
I have not returned to the clevelander but i have raised this place 1 star and i am willing to give this place another shot. I received a message from the clevelander and its not often that a location that receives hundreds of people every day has time or cares about what the people think about their business. Because of that i give this place another star and next time i am in the area i will give it another try.
My first time visiting Miami, we ended up at the Clevelander on a Saturday night.  We got there before 10pm, so there was no cover charge.  The crowd was laid back and not pretentious, which is just what we were looking for.  There's a dance floor and deejay, making it a solid destination to have a drink and relax. We went back the next morning to watch football at the sports bar located inside the Clevelander (it's called GameOn).  The food there was surprisingly good.  I've been to a lot of sports bars where the food is not the reason to go, but the food here is really, really good and the service was excellent.  If I'm seeking a sports bar in Miami, this is the place.  The only downside is despite showing all the games on multiple TV's, the sound was tuned into only the Cowboys game, and they're not my team.  Outside on the dance floor, they were spraypainting nude models in body paint, which is an unexpected perk.
Whether you're starting your night or ending it here, this is a great bar.  The bartenders and waitresses are fast and the guys that go here are always buying girls drinks.  And for the guys, the girls are willing to mingle walk around the pool just to be seen and strike up a conversation with a cute guy.  Good club to meet new people!  Music is pretty good too and the drinks are reasonably priced.
Went Sunday afternoon to catch a few games. Outside tables were full, as was the bar for the mostpart. Sat inside at a table. Gameday specials include bucket of either Bud, Coors, or Landshark (6 for $25); wings at $.50 each; SoCo drinks and shots for $5, and $7 for a larger cup. If you've never had one, Landshark is a lot like Corona, created by Jimmy Buffet. Ordered a bucket of Landshark and Buffalo Chicken Tenders. The tenders were crispy and flavorful. You get 6 large tenders. Plenty of TVs and games to go around, so you'll see all of the action. Also, the waitresses are easy on the eyes. The day I was there, several girls were bodypainted. Fun place to see games and the sights of Miami. Probably more touristy than local. Great place to bring friends from out-of-town. FREEBIE TIP: Each week there's a special, usually a free drink. One per table if you have the "ROCKSTAR" card. Ask your server or the bartender.
I went here back in 2004, newly 21, and I had a great time here! The drinks were good, the atmosphere laid back, and fun. However the past few times I've been back, it has been closed, but I am looking forward to checking out the new renovations!
First and foremost I don't know why they say it's 21 and over, more like 31 and over. I went last night and it was filled with  a much older crowd. What happened to the south beach I used to know and love? The people there are rude as hell, they see you trying to get through and don't have the decency to move out of the way and the men purposely move their elbows to brush against your breast as you walk through. The club itself looks fabulous, the drinks are a great price, love that it's outdoors, especially now that it's not as hot. The upstairs looked like it had potential but it was empty.   Unless they do serious work on trying to get a more young and live crowed I will not be returning to The Clevelander ever again.
Pretty cool atmosphere to hang out and catch a few drinks and late night snacks. Their servers were really nice. I was served by Al (alvin) he took care of everything we needed and was very helpful.
This is a review of the club/bar outside.  After walking along Ocean Blvd. and trying to find a good place to dance, my girlfriend and I decided to try The Clevelander.  Walked up, expecting to pay some sort of cover, but they just let us in for free.  Hmmm...fluke?  We got a couple moderately-priced drinks, then hit the dance floor.  The DJ was playing great music, but there weren't really many people out there.  Given, it was a Wednesday night, but there were still a lot of people at the bar...disappointing they didn't get to the floor. The next night, we went around to a few different bars and clubs, but decided after a while to head back to Clevelander.  Again, we got in for free - hmm, guess it wasn't a fluke.  This time we brought a couple drinks with us (they don't check bags) and repeated the night before.  Again, great music, good atmosphere, with more dancers this time. Finally, our last night in Miami (a Friday night), we decided to go somewhere "nicer," and went to Mansion after dinner.  Wow, that sucked.  After hanging out for a few hours, praying it would liven up, we eventually left and headed back to the Clevelander...again.  This time, we had to pay $10 (only me, the girls get in free) and the place was much more packed.  Lots of dancers, better music than Mansion by a long shot.  We ended up staying there until 5 in the morning. Given it's so cheap, yet so conveniently located with great music and decent drinks, I'm surprised this place wasn't filled to the brim with people.  One thing I didn't like was the size of the dance floor.  There isn't really a specific dance floor, so people sort of string out along the pool and dance there.  It'd be nice if they got some sort of hard pool cover to make room for more people, or installed some sort of specific spot for people to dance.
If you are in South Beach, the Clevelander is a must visit!  I was in Miami last week for a business meeting, and while I did not have much free time, I had to go to the Clevelander. Met some colleagues to watch college basketball, a few drinks and burger. But you go there for the fun more than the food. Great outdoor bar right on South Beach, bands, great drinks. Step inside for a great sports bar experience too. I have been to Miami 3 times and have always made it a point to go to the Clevelander.
When I thought of dining on Ocean Drive in South Beach, the Clevelander is exactly what I imagined. The hustle and bustle of south beach, complete with good music a lively crowd and GOOD FOOD. My friends and I were in town and we ate here for brunch/lunch on a Saturday afternoon. I had the ahi tuna sliders.... fantastic! The tuna was seared just right and the little mini buns were toasted to perfection. My sister had the vanilla pancakes and we are both still talking about them. My other friend's Greek chicken salad looked very good as well. This place is perfect if you are looking for more traditional cuisine in a casual fun setting. The prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good. The only downside is they were not offering any lunch specials or 2 for 1 drink deals. ***We did come back at night, it was packed and the DJ was playing good music. We didn't stay long because we kept getting run into by extremely drunk people and the excited touristy crowd wasn't who we wanted to be surrounded by at the time.
I think what I liked the most about this place was that it is an outdoor club - and I haven't really seen that before.  So I'll give it four stars!
So fun! Crazy, touristy, loud.  Outdoor dancing in fab weather! Can't get anymore SoBe than this! Great mix of people from around the world.  They have entertainers dancing, singing and creating an energetic atmosphere. Order a Raging Bull- a frozen concoction of Red Bull and Vodka- get the one with an extra shot in a tube!
Great hotel, lots of fun. Talk w/ Mike if you're not familiar w/ Miami. He knew all the good spots for food, night life etc. Great guy, treats you like family. Can't wait to go back. DEFINITELY staying here again.
Great entrance price (free or $10 depending on the time) Good drinks and bartenders Fun atmosphere I always went after the sun went down, so I can't say what it's like during the day. In the evening it is a sweet outdoors club.
Great atmosphere all around. It's of course on the famous boardwalk in the art deco district. really spectacular at night when the lights go up. In the afternoon it's a good place to people watch. Becareful of the menus,everything is so technical that ordering can be difficult and expensive.
Not a huge fan of the place.  I came here for a bachelorette party (which, by the way, was a LOT of fun).  I guess I wasn't sure what to expect, and had zero prior knowledge.   The crowd was pretty sleazy, and the hotel was EXTREMELY loud at all hours of the night. If you want a party get-away weekend where you are out and raging 24/7, then this is a good spot to be!   Otherwise, I felt it was EXTREMELY overpriced for very average rooms.  The drinks are VERY expensive!  Beware!  The food is moderately priced at the bar downstairs.   I think I would have enjoyed the experience more if I was 5 years younger, and in the right mindset.
This was my first visit to Miami and we walked by this place on Ocean Dr. This was the livest outdoor party and music was great. The Clevelander stayed open later than some other spots on the strip. Would definitely return and the drinks were reasonable as well
A bit touristy for locals, but ALWAYS have a great time! Music, sports games, fine people watching, and fun atmosphere. Food recommendations: the caprese salad, BBQ chicken pizza, ahi tuna sliders, red velvet cake, and their mojitos are tasty! Try a big boy if you're with a few friends!
Awesome place. Great happy hour and vibe.
This is definitely a spot to check out on Ocean Dr. when its not raining. Me and my fiance came here around 10pm on a Wednesday, our first night. I was impress with the party. It's basically an outside bar with a dance floor and a small pool as well. Drinks are definitely pricey & small but good. We had a strawberry lemonade "something" that was $13 or so. There was a DJ and people dancing on the dance floor. He was playing a lot of top 40 music. The was a bouncer but just checking for ID & no cover charge. So i'm sure it was a 21 and up deal. Not overcroweded. There were two bars with at least 3 bartenders on each bar. And there were some servers that would come up to people. My fiance loved it, so we would definitely come back.
The most lax and beautiful lounge like place I've come across on South Beach so far. They play all types of music. The scenery from the roof top is beautiful. MY girls and I are from NY so we know how to dress for a night out and from the looks of it, others didn't. They begged us in although it was where we were going, we were brought to the front of the elevator line and told we go to the rooftop party. The party on the bottom looked fun from the top but def not as beautiful as far as the scenery, they weren't dancing. However the roof top is good for dancing or just relaxing and holding convo. Can't get enough. I will be back
