After not being offered a menu and placing an order anyway. A sandwich was presented to me that was incorrect. I asked for different bread and they were extremely rude. I had to pay my check before my food came and then was told that the bread I had to pay an additional $1. The server usually asks the brad choice. She never did.  The guy was extremely rude to me and apparently everything was my fault. They cares nothing about a costumer who had already paid her money
After having this bookmarked for 6 months, I finally made it to this place to try "le sandwich." Sandwiches are pretty rampant in Miami so when so many people raved about this, I figured this guy must be a sandwich guru. My friends and I spent the day at the beach so we stopped here for lunch. It's a whole in the wall, which I don't mind at all since those are usually the best spots to eat at. I read a lot about the turkey and camembert- and me loving any foreign, imported cheese, I figured this was the sandwich for me. The sandwich is quite large and the fillings I found to be generous. However, here is my gripe- first it wasn't camembert I was given; it was brie (and no they are NOT the same). I don't know if they ran out but they should have let me know when I ordered it. It was still quite yummy. The bread on the other hand was on the rather hard side as other reviewers have mentioned. It was chewy and very thick- I think maybe the croissant would have been a better choice. Also, I ordered a strawberry smoothie which was very watery and lacked taste so I threw half of it away. All in all I'd sum it up this way- the sandwich is good but not something I'm gonna dream about eating again.
What a pleasant little late night spot. Open til like 5 am? And reasonably healthy? Nice. This is a walk up and order food cart type spot, with barstools to accommodate about 12 people. Food is prepared right in front of you. I had the Pate sandwich and the smoked salmon and brie salad. The pate sandwich was full of veggies to make up for lack of traditional proteins. Pate was oozing out both ends. Bread was not as fresh as it could be, but i'm hoping this is because it was midnight? Still i would expect more from a late night spot. My salad was great. There homemade vinaigrette salad dressing was AWESOME. Salmon was as fresh as could be expected. Freshly sliced brie was a nice touch. The salad just came together. Lettuce, cucumber, peppers, it was just delicious. Even at 12AM every seat was taken, and the 2 man crew were busy, but efficient. The guy taking orders made suggestions of what cheeses went well with the salad, and was very attentive (versus the rude get em in get em out attitude many places like this have). A good dining experience.
i love this place. I tend to come here late night after I'm done clubbing- so yes it's open at 4am! The sandwiches are delicious- just ask for all the toppings on it and you get so much flavor and hits the spot. Thank god this place exist late night!
I was here on the saturday evening of the October 11. Found this place while walking around streets. Wow, love it. Good sitting area. Happy people working at this place. Great service. Menu is easy and sandwiches are highly customizable. Everyone should explore this place.
I live in Brooklyn where 3.50 gets you a spectacular Boar's Head sandwich, made your way to perfection. Now, 7 dollars isn't expensive, but with all the Yelp hype I was expecting the Gauguin of all sandwiches from this quaint spot in debaucherous South Beach. Instead, I got some very hard French bread and a sliver of pretty mediocre turkey. While I commend them for using ultra fresh veggies, hot peppers and cornichons -- seriously, why aren't they used more?-- the sandwich I had was lacking in flavor. Their French dressing is also okay, literally Dijon, apple cider vinegar and water- but hey, if you SoBe goers enjoy, c'est la vie!!
Based on the Yelp reviews, we decided to try this place out on our trip to Fort Lauderdale/Miami in October. Venue - The place is small. Basically, it's a sandwich stand with a few chairs at the booth. When it gets crowded, there's nowhere to sit. It's near Miami Beach so you gotta find street parking which can be difficult. Sandwiches - They were alright. I had better. We had two sandwiches: Prosciutto and Fresh Mozzarella (yelp.com/biz_photos/phZB…) and I think we had the smoked salmon (yelp.com/biz_photos/phZB…). Honestly, I can't really remember the 2nd sandwich cuz it wasn't that memorable. Pros - sandwich was packed w/veggies. Cons - Not enough meat and it was soggy by the time that we ate it. The bun was kinda chewy. Smoothie - Awesome! We had the Rain Forest - strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, and bananas. Smoothie goodness! I would have given this place just 2 stars but the smoothie bumped my rating up by an extra star. It was made with real fruit and very flavorful. Service - 20 min wait. Service with a smile.
Hah my friends and I came back here 3 times within 24 hours. It's convenient, the service was nice, and the baguettes were yummy. I just really like all the stuff they put in the sandwich - it's so filling. The french vinagarette was delish!
Ill start by saying im the kind of yelper that only yelps when I have a good experience. This will be my first negative yelp review and it is well warranted. I've gone to sandwicherie twice now on visits to Miami. I was born and raised here and as a Miami girl I know that customer service here isn't always 'a thing'. On my first visit to sandwicherie I was disappointed by the whole experience. The bread was hard and dry and the girl behind the country was so intensely rude. Zero customer service skills. I wish I was exaggerating because I'm in the service industry and I see clients dramatize bad experiences all the time. I thought maybe she was having a bad night and when I got to Miami yesterday I thought to give the place a second chance. But after my second experience at sandwicherie I will never return again, nor will I recommend this place to anyone. The two guys behind the counter spent a decent amount of time pretending my boyfriend and I didn't exist. When one of them finally acknowledged us he said 'are you ready or what'. I was taken aback but again I started finding excuses for the behavior of their staff. 'Its late they're probably tired'. We ordered the tuna sandwich and chips (which were pretty much thrown at us I kid you not) and then we waited...and waited...and waited....when it finally came the bread was the kind of hard that hurts your whole mouth to eat and it was unacceptably dry. There was maybe enough tuna on it to cover a couple saltines (the tuna tasted great though it's something I'd be stoked about out of context) and the bread was cut so haphazardly that I couldn't keep the sandwich fillings in the sandwich when I bit it. We asked for pickles and they literally just dumped a bunch of super acidic cornichons on the sandwich. I figured I'd ask the guy for some condiments to make the sandwich a bit more edible. Well they didn't want to do that either and I had to ask them both twice which was easy because they were walking back and forth in front of us ignoring us. When we got the condiments they were slammed down on the counter and came with a complimentary death glare. I decided at this point it was acceptable to be audibly unhappy about my experience. I wrapped up what was left of whatever that sandwich was trying to be and we started to leave. As we walked away the guy very passive aggressively said 'DO YOU WANT A BAG MISS' and it took more effort than it should have for me to keep my composure. He could tell I was livid and gave me a bag with a little container of 'magic' sauce (which is super tasty when it isn't served with a side of sarcasm). I really couldn't understand the poor attitudes and service especially since we were pretty ideal customers. Sometimes people write reviews about being treated poorly but they forget to mention that they themselves were contributing negatively to the experience. But we were just two good people who wanted a good sandwich. I really hate this place. A lot. And it sucks because I'm pretty sure nothing will happen about anything i just said management wise. But at least you know now!
Good sandwiches, I have been going here for years, but they need to use gloves  and not bare hands in making the sandwiches. This is one of the few refuges in south beach to eat at to escape the horrible overpriced bad food in south beach.       I have seen them handle money then go and make the sandwich.One day there is going to be some kind of  disease break out from this place.
I ALWAYS order the Pros w Mozz with everything on it. I especially love the cornichons!!! The other one I order is the pate with brie cheese. And you get a big sandwich for about $12 bucks. I can eat it in 2 sittings but it's so delicious I end up eating the whole thing! SoBe Local.
The sandwich was delicious. The smoothie was amazing. And I love the fact that the owner was kind of an asshole to his underling, but really friendly towards me. I don't know why, but I found it charming. I wish I could go again soon, but alas, I have to return to DC.
Upon sinking my teeth into my sandwich, my first thought was, "Wow. Whatever this dressing is, this place should bottle and sell it." Then I look up, and sure enough, sitting on a shelf, is La Sandwicherie's logo printed on bottle after bottle of their house-made French Vinaigrette. Clearly, we (LS and I) are onto something here. My Napoli sandwich was pretty standard on paper (mozzarella and proscuitto on French bread), but when ordered with the works, this sammy soared into tastier territory. And when I say the works, I mean it - this thing was bustin' with fresh fixins (cornichons, olives, peppers, lettuce, you name it), as if it slathered itself up with that dressing and did wind sprints through Ina Garten's garden. Like the best of sandwiches, it was far too big for one sitting, but I ate it all in one sitting anyway. Speaking of sitting, La Sandwicherie is essentially a food stand limited to stool-side seating. It's low-frills, with a good crowd vying for spots at the open counter. LS is one of those adorable spots that can only really exist in a year-round beach town like South Beach. The curt French staff may be a turn-off to some (it was to a few customers when I was there), but from what I've encountered in my sandwich travels, such attitudes seems to be a trend at the better sammy spots. And with the French in general. So, it's kind of a double-whammy you'll just need to get over. At least here, they smile. Given the quality of their product, I'll let the snark slide... and continue to eat an entire sandwich by myself, if you wouldn''t mind.
The people working here have bad attitudes.  Horrible attitudes actually.  The sandwiches are decent but nothing to write home about.  I don't understand all the hype.  Bad service, average sandwiches sum this place up.  Just because it's a unique place to walk up to doesn't mean their food should get 4.5 stars.  anyone who gives this place five stars is giving it five stars based on nostalgic value alone.  the food is just average, trust me.
This place is amazing. My only regret is having only visited once during my Miami trip. I ordered the French Salami on french bread with everything. Fresh vegetables, delicious vinegrette, and tasty little pickles! The jalapenos in there were divine too. Best little place in Miami in the midst of so much mediocrity.
Great service , fresh ingredients!! Croissants are amazing!  The best of all inexpensive which is hard to find in South Beach...
Fresh fruit smoothies, and affordable and generously sized sandwiches. They deliver, too. Can't beat that!
Someone said in their review, "I don't get it -- what's so great about this place?" First off, it's delicious.  Simple, but it's all fresh, healthy and tastes good. But that's not why this place gets 5 stars when most other places on Miami Beach get 3 stars typically. Here's the reason:  They actually give a f*** about service.  You will never find a place that serves you faster than La Sandwicherie -- heck, you won't find a place that you would call "fast" on South Beach, period. So the fact that this place values service is why people love it.  Frankly, as much as I love South Beach, just about every establishment has slow, untrained, lazy staff. La Sandwicherie is the exception, and that's why people give it the best reviews in all of SoBe (hopefully other businesses will take a hint).
Oh man, this place... Please believe that when you see the line out here packed at 2, or even 3 in the morning that this is NOT your typical Jersey boy last call pizza slicery. The food here SLAMS. La Sandwicherie is so legit. Disclaimer, the building and the staff is small (1 person at night usually), so be patient! You will be helped and the staff (again, 1 person-please don't yell at them) are super nice here. Anyway, the veggie sandwich and the tuna were incredible and the ingredients are simply top notch in selection and quality. Tourist or local, do yourself and your crew a favor and help yourself to what comes out to be a surprisingly cheap, and equally surprisingly large, sandwich. Great selection, high quality, and a laid back walkup atmosphere make this place an absolute winner for me. A true must for your visit to Miami Beach.
So amazing. Literally some of the best sandwiches I've had. Tried both a Turkey and Ham and a Turkey and Roast beef while in town and both were great. Had tomatoes on the sandwich one night and their little french pickles the other night. Really enjoyed them both!! This is definitely a must visit in Miami Beach. Customer service is great--fast, friendly, and efficient--and the price is pretty darn good. Come here. You'll like it!
Hole in the wall goodness right here! Best sandwiches in town, and absolutely yummy smoothies! y fa sandwich - the fresh mozzarella with bright red tomatoes and cornichons on the side.. yummm! There isn't a lot of place to sit around here - this is a true hole in the wall. Service is always super friendly. One of my fav haunts while in Maimi - they are open till 5 am :)
I have been rendered speechless. This has been the best sandwich I have EVER had. Due to my horrible sense of direction, I stumbled upon this little treasure trove while walking to the beach from my car.  It was meant to be, I swear. I ordered the turkey sandwich on a baguette with everything except pickles and mayo.  Took it to go because the place was slammed, so I ate it on the beach.  Let's just say this sandwich was more like a heavenly experience.  OH! and that little vinaigrette sauce on the side is amazingggg. It's better than crack... not that I've ever tried crack or anything, but yea. You get it. La Sandwicherie! You are like an orgasm on a bun! I will be singing your praises and dreaming of my sub until the next time... Bottom line:  crack is whack.  La Sandwicherie is like whoa.  'nuff said.
After dealing with all rain for 3 days, this place gave me the only sunshine to my trip to Miami Beach. This place is clean, efficient and serves the best sandwiches I've had in my life hands down. That house made vinaigrette dressing is to die for as well! I wish I purchased a bottle. I am not sure what the other reviewers were saying about the french bread but our order was great and the croissant was so moist and buttery. The chicken salad is very tasty and addicting. They serve french pickles on the side. The sandwiches we got were overstuffed you definitely get what you pay for here. The best part is that this place is cheap and has such fresh ingredients. One of the hidden gems of Miami. Just take a little walk away from Ocean drive and you'll see such a difference than all those tourist traps. Just to let you know.. that this is a walk-up place. With stools on the side of the building but that is all for seating... I love this place.
Just finished eating smoked salmon croissant sandwich for lunch... Yum yum yum.....I looove smoked salmon and I looove croissant..washed down with medium cafe au lait...what a wonderful lunch I had. all those for $ 13.50. pretty good deal, right..?! The smoked salmon is good as always...and the croissant...buttery, flaky, pretty big size too.  beside my favorite smoked salmon sandwich, I also like their pate with camembert on croissant. You have to try it. It's darn good!! the place is really small. they only have probably 10 bar stools so if you go there at their rush hour (which seems to be all the time), you might have to wait for the seats, anyways, i never mind that cause i know it's worth the wait. So far, La Sandwicherie is the BEST sandwich place on South Beach.
Came here for lunch on a hot and very exhausting day for me and the lady.  Had the ham and cheese on a ron a baguette with the works. The sandwich itself was amazing but i wasn't a fan of the french dressing but this is also a biased statement since I'm not a fan of horseradish or wasabi.  But overrall huge sandwich, inexpensive and very cool bohemian atmosphere.
This spot's a completely unexpected goldmine. Don't expect anything fancy, La Sandwicherie's atmosphere is basically a huge colorfully-painted bar which is open to the street. Stroll up, grab a stool and start stretching your stomach - $7 will get you a gigantic sandwich stuffed with incredibly fresh ingredients. I tried their rainbow smoothie and wasn't impressed, but the sandwiches and salads here are absolutely amazing. This place is proof that fresh ingredients are king.
There isn't one bad thing I can say about this place.  The sandwiches were awesome and the service was great too. I got the camembert on french with all the fixings.  It tasted so fresh! The sauce, the sauce, the sauce is amazing!!!!! This place is so good, I had to go back the next day.  The sandwich was worth the 14 block walk in the hot miami heat!  Yes...it was that good!
Decided to check this place out after talking to a friend that has been to Miami on many occasions.  All i can say is wow...this place was very good.  The line was pretty long but it was def worth the wait.  I had the prosciutto and mozzarella which was amazing.  The portion size was big and their special sauce was very very good.  Had i of known how good it was i prob would of asked for extra.  This place is a must try.
Amazing sandwhich, fresh ingredients, stacked and so delicious! Couldn't ask for more! Got the Italian and raspberry and mango and just a mango smoothie. The Italian sandwhich was delicious.. Make sure to pour that extra sauce on there! The smoothies were made with fresh fruit! Absolutely delicious try to get one! Will be returning next time I'm back in Miami!
This is the creme de la creme of sandwich shops! I just went yesterday but I have been here at least a dozen times. The walk-up counter, for me, is one of the most appealing aspects of La Sandwicherie! No frills, no glamour, just a straight-up, no gimmicks, sandwich shop... Though I have ordered some of the menu sandwiches in the past, my "usual" is the following: white baguette saucisson sec (French thin sliced salami) Camembert Lettuce Tomatoes Onions Black Olives Green peppers Cornichons (gherkins) Olive oil & balsamic vinegar All the veggies are super fresh and the cold cuts are "deli"- cious! I will never stop coming here!
The bread, the cheese, the prosciutto and of course the cornichons mixed in with all of the fresh vegetables and then the secret vinaigrette couldn't have made me any happier at that moment. The atmosphere alone is just worth just sitting down with a smoothie on one of the many stools positioned along the open air counter... just go, you'll be happy you did.
After 375+ reviews there isn't much more I can say other than delicious!!! I ordered the salami and prosciutto. Tons of meat and cheese, and they add every fresh, crisp vegetable topping you could think of. From black olives, hot peppers, those mini pickles, etc.... Service was nice and quick. They also opened one on Brickell that I will check out. Best sandwich place around!!!!
During my recent staycation in Miami Beach, I had to follow Yelp's guidance and try out the deliciousness that takes place at La Sandwicherie! We walked over from where we were staying and was happy we did so since parking on the island is sparse, especially on this street. At the corner--located next to some scooter rental shops is this cutesy window set up to order delicious sandwiches and enjoy the warm weather. I ordered the croque monsieur with smoked salmon. Absolutely delicious and equally so was the simple yet tasty salad that accompanied it. I also ordered a croissant (cause that's what you do when the gentleman taking your order asks you in french--is that all). I walked away satisfied and trying to figure how to add it to my food agenda before heading back to the mainland.
Fresh food, great taste.  Perfect stop after the beach because you can remain sandy and eat at the walk-up bar.  Anything on the menu will do the job.   Somebody put "wheelchair access" as a "yes" - there's no ADA access.  All the counters are high.
I went here for lunch yesterday and it was great. It did take a little long to get my sub, but there were lots of people. I tried the proscuitto w/ fresh mozzarella with all the veggies and it was amazing! Their carrot ginger juice is very good too. I of course also enjoyed their dressing!
The sandwiches here are insanely delicious - esp. if you're in the mood for some late night eats. The sandwiches are huge and totally gorge worthy. They offer a limited number of outdoor bar seats that aren't very comfy but the food is so good that you quickly forget how uncomfortable they are.
The place to eat in Miami beach! Fresh ingredients, sandwich, salad and smoothie were flavorful! Amazing place and delicious even if the bread can be better but I'm French so I'm little bit demanding...
I went to MIA for the 1st time in 2007 and I have to say that La Sandwicherie was the high light of my 10 day vacation in S. Beach lol (other than all the great times/stories) yes its totally hidden and easily missed, no its not on ocean drive, and yes its robbing you from the south beach experience of social dining, drinking and eating. You're also missing out on 99% eye candy Ocean Dr. has to offer- people, cars, the beach & beautiful weather... Why even come here? Well id have to say yes, the sandwiches are just that good! So good that my friends and I literally planned our days around this sandwich spot, sometimes eating here twice a day!! The great thing about this place is their hrs of operation, practically 24hrs.. and cool to watch them make sandwiches too, its like the little Benihanas of sandwiches, they don't touch anything with their hands, using a knife & prongs they slice and dice up fresh meats and veggies making a few of the best sandwiches I've ever had.. When someone ask me about Miami this is the 1st place I mention, other restaurants, stores, bars and clubs come 2nd lol Kind of emberrassing but Funny story, so the last time I went to s. beach I of course couldn't wait to eat here and show my cousin and friend how great this place was, we ate there so many times that it gave all three of us the shits! but this place is so damn good we didn't give a shit that it gave us the shits, idk its just so damn addicting that we couldnt resist and still ate here through out our vacation haha
I could write paeans about this place, the freshness of the ingredients, the decent serving size and the selection they have on hand at hours no other eatery seems to be open. As a visitor from San Francisco I was looking forward to trying out some Cuban and other ethnic cuisine in Miami but by far this little French salad and sandwich place rates the highest in my book of the places I visited. As a bit of a health foodie and someone mostly bored by the heavily Spanish-influenced Filipino cuisine back home I admit I wasn't very fond of most of the similar Latin-style offerings that came my way (except maybe for the black bean soup I had at Puerto Sagua which was reasonably good, a chicken empanada I had in Calle Ocho and the terrific fried yuca in Cafe Charlotte) and the branch on South Beach was just the right mix of food options and accessibility for me. Their veggie juices are wonderful. I loved their Pink Goddess veggie juice combo (carrot, cucumber, celery and beet) and kept ordering it when I came here; my last Pink Goddess came with a surprise spike of ginger. I aim to make this stuff at home. They can give it to you as juice or as a semi-smoothie (not enough ice in the ones I got to be a proper smoothie, but it sufficed). Their smoothies are decent and my favorite was the seafood salad, which is a mini-mountain of "everything" - fresh greens, cucumbers, jalapeno, red and/or green pepper, cornichons, olives, tomato, onion - and a seafood mix of crabmeat (imitation though, not bad for the price) and shrimp. My only complaint was that I ordered a fruit cup (fruit and frozen yogurt) at a very busy time. This place is always packed during "normal" busy hours for restaurants, since it's basically just a small food kiosk with stools, but my frozen yogurt stood a bit too long on the service counter and it was just a minute or two in the Florida heat before it succumbed and I ended up with fruit and yogurt milk instead of froyo. My tip is to not be shy about asking about your order up front and make sure it gets to you before someone else butts in line. Go easy on these guys as they are quick, efficient and sufficiently courteous (as can be) and I've seen some pissy customers being unnecessarily rude to them for not hearing the order right the first time.
They must put crack in these sandwiches because we had to fight the urge to come here every day during our vacation.  Mind you, we were staying right in the heart of SoBe (packed with rest.) and kept coming back here.  The croissant sandwiches (get it toasted) are amazing.  HUGE portions.  Half of a sandwich had me satisfied from lunch (around 11) to the point where I could have skipped dinner.  I live in Southern Cali and I have been looking for a comparable place. No dice.  Don't let the outside fool you, you will leave here a happy camper!
delicious!!!!! and the service is great
yum!!! the only time I will indulge in a whole crossiant.  I love the seafood salad, egg sandwich and the turkey.  All on a crossiant! with everything minus hot pepper and oh so def the french pickles! prices are super reasonable. The staffs so friendly including the owner who is always there.  I always also get a double espresso because it is soo yum. Oh and do try their french dressing. How can someone also say they are not clean. I am OCD about germs and very observant when food is being prepared I must say they are clean and the owner is pretty tough about things being organized. Yum pls try it!
After reading the reviews I knew I had to try this place.  Just got back from a week in South Beach and yeah, the reviews were spot on.  Great fresh bread, packed with meat and veges (I had the turkey sandwich with the vinaigrette dressing) and it was superb.  I almost couldn't finish it.  Pair that with of their smoothies and you're good to go for lunch or a light dinner.  Take one of their sandwiches across the way to the Club Deuce, they'd go great with one of their beers!   As long as you don't mind sitting al fresco at the counter it's a great place to stop and in my book it's a can't miss when you're in South Beach.
I came here every morning for my fruit smoothie. It was always packed. My bf enjoyed his sandwiches. One of the couples we were with ate here every day. I have a gluten allergy :( so I, unfortunately, didn't order any sandwiches, but they look really yummy.
Best sandwich shop in Miami!  I had the roast beef and my husband had the turkey,prosciutto, and mozzarella. The toppings are fresh and delicious.  My husband called it "eating a salad with your sandwich".  The sandwiches were filling but we finished it all.  The rainbow smoothie was refreshing.  The sandwich guy was really friendly. Don't expect sit down restaurant.  This is a small place and seats are outside the sandwich counter
I don't normally give 5 stars, and this is my first.  A kickass French sandwich joint in South Beach, Miami.  You just have to go, it's that good and it's that simple.  Just go.  Really.  Just go.  You won't be sorry. Can't go wrong with the Saussison Sec (Dry French Salami, proper spelling is Saucisson, but that's how these guys spell it) and Camembert cheese sandwich. I get it with everything sans mayo, and that includes black olives, French cornichons (French pickles) and all the usual veggies, all very fresh and all very tasty. There's a bit of French attitude from one of the guys working there, but it's authentic I guess.  Almost lost a star for it, but it's part of the flavor and it goes with the South Beach ambiance - you can usually find quite an interesting bunch of characters at the outside bar (the only form of seating).  If you only had one chance to eat in South Beach, this would take the cake, and the sandwich above would be it, drenched in the house-brand vinaigrette, which is amazing in its own right, and can be purchased for home consumption (as can the cornichons).
Stuffed Subs with AMAZING French Vinaigrette Crack sauce. Try to snag a seat at the bar, & there's usually a crowd.
This place is the BOMB!  Please come to Chicago and open up at Montrose Beach.  The mozzarella and turkey sandwiches were top notch.  Fresh ingredients on perfectly baked bread.  I had high expectations for this place and Le Sandwicherie easily hit them.  I can't wait to head about to the beach and grab one!
I don't understand the hype about this place. Everytime I have been here the customer device is horrible. When I review a restaurant it should be the entire experience. The food is definitely fresh, but the service needs improvement.
This sandwich place is like no other anyone has ever enjoyed. A variety of sandwiches you can mix and match with your choices of breads, meats, and vegetables. You can't go wrong! It's like making a sandwich at home with whatever you want.   Parking is a problem but the friendly staff have your back. My last visit was for lunch and a meter "person" was ticketing everyone around. A staff member noticed and told me to jump on the car and drive around the block. Once I did, the food was ready and the staff member brought it to me.     Another plus is that it's open late which means you can enjoy a healthy sandwich instead of a junky fast food.     Finally their secret DRESSING is to die for. Every time I go I buy at least 2 bottles to take home.
Why are you even reading this? Just go. Don't forget it's cash only, and DON'T MISS OUT on the VINAIGRETTE.
The owner of this place is adorable, and has such great customer service.  The smoothies and sandwhiches are absolutely amazing.  I went there a few times visiting Miami, and everything I had was great!
Healthy delicious sandwiches that easily last two meals. The dressing is drinkable it is so good.
What can I say that hasn't been said in the 250+ reviews before me? Well, truth is nothing much. But I can reiterate the powerful effect of the sandwich from La Sandwicherie. Yes, I was already running ten minutes late for a meeting. Yes, it was risky parking in a tow-away zone. And yes, I had to eat the overflowing sandwich while driving down the causeway. But was it worth it? You betcha! I ordered my prosciutto-mozzarella sandwich with the works and there was no skimping on any part of it. Here, you definitely get what you pay for. My $10 sandwich got me through two meals. I probably could have finished the sandwich in one sitting but wanted to savor every last bite. People driving alongside my car probably got a good laugh watching me stuff this sandwich into my mouth while handling the steering wheel at the same time but it was worth it.
Amazing sandwiches (really loved the proscuitto and mozzarella) at good prices. A good meal to have before/after hitting the beach or if you're keen, take it with you to the beach for a picnic. Better option than the expensive and touristy restaurants lining Ocean Drive. The staff is also friendly.
Great sandwiches! Not cheap but fresh and delicious.
Cool. Tasty. Unique. Fun. The vinaigrette is delicious and the ambient is chill and beachy. Two blocks away from ocean dr. Just went back a few days ago and they made some changes to the place it looks even better than before! Much more organized and comfortable. Definitely recommend. If I had to give them some advice I'd say that the only annoying part is ordering the food. Sometimes takes a while but, I guess that's because the set up is like a bar.
I came here 3 times when I came to Miami! 3 times! that's everyday except my first day. The ingredients, fresh! the meat was good! they had little pickles and spicy jalapenos, and their special spread. I ordered one before i left for the airport and ate it in the  plane ride. It was delicious!!! Definitely a good hearty sandwich!
We have gone the past two days for lunch and were impressed both days. Great smoothies and sandwiches! Very fresh ingredients. Highly recommend for a quick bite.
Great sandwiches, toasted, divine pickles and one certainly must try the salami and something with Camembert.  Smoothies are fresh and the cortados are smooth!
This place isn't for sure the best location I've seen, but food is super fast, fresh, delicious and not expensive at all. I truly recommend it for breakfast or lunch. We hot 2 sandwiches.. They are huge!! Smoothies are great as well!!
You know that craving you get late at night, right before you go to bed, and you have nothing in the fridge to quiet down the hunger roars? Well, a sandwich from La Sandwicherie is the kind of thing I dream about at that very moment. I ordered a turkey and provolone sandwich, with lettuce, tomato, onions, and a side of that delicious vinaigrette. Sounds plain and tasteless, right? WRONG! It was hands down, the most delicious sandwich I've ever had. The bread is soft with a little crunch. The turkey and cheese were...well, for the sake of creative writing, I will refrain from using the word "delicious" again and say that Subway only wished the taste and quality of their deli meat and cheese  were anywhere near the Sanwicherie's. When it comes to condiments on sandwiches and subs I'm a purist (slather mine with mayo, please), BUT not here! A drizzle (and maybe a few dips) of their mustard vinaigrette is all you need. It makes me feel like one of those healthy types who skip mayo and all that junk. In short, I love this place and plan on having it delivered to my office quite often (lucky me!).
Best and only sandwiches I've ever had in Florida. Good place for a quick lunch and they are right, you will love the "Sauce".
Amazing. Done. One of the best straight up sandwiches I've ever had - whatever you get on the sandwich (PACKED OUT WITH STUFF) and that vinaigrette... best ever.
Rice baguette sammmich is a good alternative to regular bread and gluten free. A casual spin on French style food.
I LOOOOOVE THIS PLACE!  The best place to eat whether you're drunk or sober.  The French guys that work there are actually really nice and totally make you forget that French people are rude. The mini pickles there are out of this world.  Good coffee too.
Love this place! Turkey and roast beef on croissant with cornichons, house made French vinaigrette, provolone, green & hot peppers ALWAYS hits tha spot! Open since 1988 and the background music they always have playing comes from that decade as well...Depeche Mode, The Cure, New Order, The Smiths....love it!
Ordered a sandwich on a croissant. They made it on baguette and said they were out of croissants. It was JUST OK.
This is a designated stop every visit to Miami..Multiple times each visit actually. Its the perfect beach-bum lunch AND hits the spot when late-night hunger strikes... So many layers on yumminess in one bite. I had the tuna-melt with everything (sans onions) - asked for extra love on those delish baby pickles...and that magic dressing - yes! get into it. they make fresh juice to boot..... and service with a smile.... love this place....
My friends and I ate at La Sandwicherie late Saturday night. We had just arrived in Miami and were starving. After a quick Yelp search we decided to try this place out. With almost 600 reviews and 4.5 stars is had to be quite good. We were pleasantly surprised. It's small restaurant. Basically just a booth with bar stools and a counter to eat. The servers are helpful, friendly and quick. While the food is fresh and delicious. I ordered the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella. It was HUGE and very good. Topped with a bunch of veggies and hot peppers. La Sandwicherie is a great place to grab a quick sandwich. They use quality ingredients and are open pretty late.
The turkey and roast beef taste funky.  Especially the turkey.  Needs better turkey, I say.  The bread is good.  These are the things that are important to me.
All my favorite beach days include a trip to La Sandwicherie! It's a little "hole in the wall" french baguette sandwich shop off the beaten path that you'd probably never find unless the locals let you in. Its bar stools and counter service, super casual and never ever a let down even when there seems to be a wait, I get my food quickly. OR get something from the juicebar to tide me over. The prosciutto/fresh mozzarella and Camembert/turkey are phenomenal!!!! I've been by in my bathing suit, and I've ordered it to go with a bottle of wine for a beach date night.... reasonably priced, and a great amount of food....don't miss it and you're welcome for the suggestion! The frenchie owners/ are also extremely friendly.
After years and years of hearing about the great La Sandwicherie in Miami Beach I finally got to go...but to the one in Brickell.  I am not sure if the quality between the two are the same but it was great!   I did not realize this was right next to Ocean Juice and Pizza - that just makes me mad!  So many nights were I could have just taken 10 extra steps and enjoyed fresh and healthy sandwiches. The restaurant is large and bright.  I could see myself parking here to eat and study till 5am, because that's when they close ... and because I have already picked out the next 5 sandwiches that I want to try. Fresh ingredients, great bread .... get it toasted for an extra crunch. I died for the Tropical Sandwich (added Turkey for some extra protein).  It was basically a fruit salad on bread and it was incredible!  It was topped with fresh mango, papaya and pineapple and with an avocado spread.  I find myself craving this more and more. And the cheese?  Brie, Mozzarella - no matter what you get La Sandwicherie is always generous and this does make the sandwich.   I hear the salads are great too... so now the list expands of things to try.
First off, the name is great. I can do an obnoxious French accent like no other, and I use it to scream out the name when we approach it. I have only been here a couple of times, but both of the times I was greeted by friendly staff, and had a customizable sub that was entirely delicious. It's a great late night place because the set up makes you feel like you're at a sandwich bar, which makes it more fun in my opinion, but obviously it's not a formal kind of place. Last time I was there, I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, which had a large portion of fresh mozzarella cheese, along with the chicken salad, some lettuce/spinach I believe, red peppers and hot peppers and cucumbers and tomatoes. It was so cumbersome with all of the ingredients it's almost difficult to eat, but it's so fresh tasting you can't put it down. I would definitely recommend this place at anytime though, and although I've only been here late at night, I would not mind trying it at any other time of the day. The ingredients were all so fresh and melded together perfectly. DEFINITELY ONE TO TRY!
Don't be put off by the location... essentially in an alley next to a tattoo parlor.  Sandwiches are great and not what you'd find at Subway, even though the prices aren't dissimilar.  The people behing the counter hustle with uncharacteristic friendly banter.  Local color with great sandwiches. It receives a top rating from us... we'd come back again.
Thank you to all the yelpers who suggested this place and thank you to La Sandwicherie for being so freaking amazing! I was in Miami for 2 short days and, with all I had to choose from I still ate at this place twice. It was a hot, balmy day in South Beach (oh yes, I'm taking you there), and after baking on the beach for hours I sauntered over to La Sandwicherie at the insistance of my partner. (sarcastic 5 year old voice) Ooooh it has a lot of reviews. Ooooh we have to try it. Ooooh it has blah blah stars. Whatever. I'm hungry and I don't care...was what I was thinking and feeling before I sank my teeth into the freshest veggies and bread and that garlic sauce. That mouth watering lemon garlic lava that I would have bought in cases had I had the time to ship. It's. That. Good. Go there or miss out on all that his holy in life.
Cheap, fast, healthy. A hard combination to come by on Miami Beach, and a combination that usually wins me over (see Go-Go Fresh). In this case, I was not impressed. Two main reasons: (1) To place an order during busy times is a struggle. La Sandwicherie is nothing more than a shack in which the sandwich and salad assembly occurs. Around the perimeter of the shack is a counter with stools. There is no real line to place an order, rather patrons form an amorphous blob around the counter. Step right up and don't be timid. Your goal is to make yourself noticed among the crowd by the frantically busy staff taking and making orders simultaneously. And when you do get noticed, do not hesitate, do not stutter, just spit out your order lickety split so they can keep the process moving. An unnecessarily stressful and disjointed process. Why not pull numbers at the very least? (2) The food was unmemorable. Order "everything" on your sandwich/salad and you get shredded lettuce, tomatoes, green peppers, hot peppers, black olives, onions, cukes, mini pickles, mayo (not included in salad), vinaigrette. These ingredients just add up to create very uninspired food. All in all... This is a high volume joint. Customer service is not their forte.  The focus in simply on cranking out one beast of a sandwich after the next in rapid fire succession.
Subway should hire these guys to teach their "sandwich artists" From the baguette, to the meat, cheese, and coffee shake... I really couldn't find anything wrong with this place. Watching the guys make the sandwiches was an experience in itself. In the time it takes me to make one mediocre sandwich, the guys are busting out 10-15 servings of sandwicherie. Definitely a place to come back again.
Great, hearty sandwiches, good smoothies and reasonable prices considering its south beach.
Love the sandwiches here. Would never go anywhere else for sandwiches in South Beach.
The only reason why I can't give it five stars was due to my and other yelp users experience with the bread (French baguette). If it wasn't for the French vinaigrette (very good), I would have chipped a tooth. The bread is indeed stale and not freshly baked. Time to pick another supplier or bake it in house. It's a shame because other than the bread it was a fantastic sandwich.
Believe the hype bc it's pretty damn good. Mozzarella and Prosciutto on a croissant. Go get it.
So I came here, even though I wasn't even that hungry just because I've heard so many good things about it.  So it was great that it was so close to the beach, which I was headed to. It helps to know what you want because once one of the French guys asks for your order and you don't know, he'll move onto the next person ... and it'll be five to ten minutes before he acknowledges you again.   When I was finally able to get his attention again, I ordered a saucisson sec (French salami) sandwich, which I split because it was plenty big.  The cornichon (pickles) and spicy vinaigrette definitely make the sandwich but the toasted bread and high-quality meat with camembert cheese were also excellent. Love the casual setting, the the affordable price, the squished counter sitting.  Can't wait to go back, especially since it's open really late.  And next time, I'll know exactly what to order when asked! :-)
Healthy, fresh, opened until 5am.
Almost five years later, the Sandwicherie is just as good as ever.  The vegetables are fresh and abundant, the fillings are tasty (egg and avocado this time, but get whatever you want), and the vinaigrette is so delicious that I wish I could mail order it.   Apparently there is an imitator a few blocks to the South, but I am skeptical that it could be as good.  (As the owner apparently said of the upstart, "he's not even French!") A truly excellent sandwich, and it is a miracle that they can turn out so many, so consistently, for so long.
This tiny sandwich shop is located in an alley on Collins and 14th street.  They have managed to become absolutely adored in the area for providing incredible sandwiches to late night revelers unti 5AM.   At first glance, the menu is deceptively simple, with not really any unique combinations of meats.  What sets these sandwiches apart is that they are all made on fresh French Bread, can be ordered with little french pickles, and come with a maddingly addictive French vinagrette dressing.  Seriously this dressing is crazy good and it brings all the sanwiches to a new level.  I always order extra to kick it up another notch.  I usually order the Proscuitto and Mozerella or the Turkey and Camembert.  One of the best sandwiches in Miami no doubt and I have been there sober.  After a night of going out just imagine how divine they taste!! There is extremely limited seating here, but the good news is they also do take out and delivery
Always fresh and delish! I once drove into Sobe JUST to get the egg sandwich! Staff has always been quick and friendly enough. May seem pricey for "quick" food, but it's worth it.
This place is another locals fav/ fresh joint with great salads, smoothies and subs. Sit outside at the bar and see a wide variety or SoBe locals and tourists who know or have heard of the delicious food here. What's that secret sauce all about?!
My fav pitstop when I'm bicycling!!!! Love all the natural fresh juice made right in front of you, orange, beets and carrots is my favorite. The salads are always fresh and in abundance. Great place of a quick stop!!
Any time going to the beach I make it a priority to stop here for some lunch. It is hands down the best place to get a tasty treat for a beach day. The mustard vinaigrette is to die for! I always end up smoothering my sandwich with it. Parking is annoying but so worth the hassle for this shop. Whenever people from out of town come to Miami this is one of three places that are a must do while visiting. The staff is so nice and you always leave there with a smile.
I noticed a lot of other people gave this 5 stars; I have to disagree.   The sandwiches are HUGE, due to large & multiple slices of meat, so that's a bonus.  At first I thought the sandwich was a bit expensive, but when I saw the size of the sandwich, it made sense. I had the Ham/turkey/salami with Provolone cheese.  The Ham was unimpressive.  The turkey was NOT dry, which is a definite plus.  The salami went well with the provolone, but was definitely not high quality meat.   I am a fan of sandwiches, so I go to deli's like Claro's, which have much better quality meat.   I very much enjoyed the pickels, and the veggies they put on were definitely fresh.   The smoothies don't really go well with the sandwiches, and it seems to not have any sugar in it.  If you want a healthy smoothie, this would qualify.   The vinagrette sauce was good. Overall, 3 stars.  I spent near $15.00 for a sandwich and a smoothie.  The sandwich, although served the purpose of filling me up, did not lure me away from the likes of Claro's.
believe the hype because this place is good! i mean, its just a sandwich right? i recommend the prosciutto sandwich or the croissants. The prices are not bad considering it being in sobe. the little french pickles are my fav. great for late night and drunk eating (without the greasy guilt) & people watching :)
I've eaten here a few times My last experience was really bad, late night ( 11pm ) decided to grab something quick to go, I got the salami sub and the bread was really hard, with no taste and all the veggies were already saggy. With so many different options around the beach, this place is no longer on the list. Onto the next one!
Just a walk away from the Courtyard Marriott!  It is a hole in the wall, open air, sandwich bar feel-type of shop.  Seating at the counters available only. A great healthy alternative but with savory flavors to it.  The owner is definitely french and the name is so cute.  Service is quick and friendly.  So many options to choose from camenbert, brie, mozarella, smoke salmon, prociutto, croque monsieur... etccc... Ordered: 1. Prosciutto and Fresh Mozarella Combination Croissant- delicious and so fresh. You must get the vinaigrette!! It's delicious and it is what makes this place so good and healthy!  The portions are huge and you can easily take it home to go! Parking is limited.  I love how regulars just pull up at the front of the shop and take their to go orders right away.
Very healthy sandwich which tastes super good. All the ingredients of the sandwich were fresh and delicious. Its a great eat for the price you pay.Also the shakes & smoothies are great!
This a beach landmark/staple. I've going there for many years at all hours. Always good no matter when you go.
Little hole in the wall between Collins and Washington, but great sandwiches. Outdoor counter only. Very big portions! All delicious.
Stop by this sandwich specialty outfit on your way to the beach. You wont be sorry. My friends got the highly praised seafood sandwich and I got the Turkey and Camembert. Both full of meats and toppings. The bread is soft and warm, and the blended drinks are a refreshing way to cool down. My sandwich was over flowing with ingredients that I quickly shoveled into my mouth. The wait isn't too bad, considering the number of orders that come in as you wait. There is even a stool eating area at the bar, occupied by what feels like regulars who seem to have the best of times.
There are many more convenient places to get coffee between my home and La Sandwicherie, a journey which spans a distance of about 1000 miles. Yet I dream of coming to this place because they have the best cafe au lait I've sampled on this side of the Atlantic. No matter where I am staying or what other plans I have for the day, I will unfailingly make the trip to 14th street to grab an au lait whenever I am in town. I wish I could figure out how they do it, but lamentably the coffee is lovingly prepared by management with their backs to you much in the same way that Eddie Van Halen used to perform solos facing away from the audience so pretenders couldn't boost his guitar technique. As with Van Halen, first timers won't even know what hits them when they experience the devastating axe attack of caffeination that ensues. Service is friendly, cool and French-accented in a walk-up counter setting that captivates Venice Beach. Take out and stroll or grab a stool and observe the wildlife while plotting your next move.
I dont see what the hype is all about.  I had a sandwich and a smoothie when I went with my daughter and the sandwich was bland.  It tasted like nothing, maybe it tasted a little bit too healthy.  I'm not sure what the problem was, but I want to try this place again to see if maybe I'm crazy or just happened to stop by at the wrong day.  Or maybe I didnt get the best sandwich, I dont know, but I really want to like this place.  I hope it wont disappoint me again....
I'm so glad we found this on yelp since we needed a quick bit before heading to the beach for the afternoon. This was on the way which made super convenient. Once we got to the sub sandwich place, we found out it was a sandwich stand, which was totally fine- don't expect a restaurant experience (sorta a bar sitting system) The staff is awesome as we were greeted promptly. The sandwich guy also explained to us how the place worked since he saw that it was our first time.  The sub was made with a French baguette, medium sized or a crosiant. We were going to order ourselves EACH a sandwich but I'm glad that we didn't when we saw the size of the  sandwiches. We shared a turkey and brie sandwich with lots of veggies. Now for the best part- fresh fruit smoothies. The cherry on top was that they had a no diary option. I had the Rainbow smoothie and the bf got the Miami sunshine- it  was sooo good and I felt super healthy (probably the healthiest meal in Miami lol). I was stuffed after half a sub and half a smoothie...a great way to start the day before some sunshine and tanning. I recommend this to anyone especially the hours of the place is almost 24 hrs!
I work late and was surprised when I moved to Miami to learn there aren't more late night spots. This is by FAR my favorite place for a quick bite on my way home from work... The smoothies are decent (Icon has better), but their croc monsieur is delicious (ask them to heat the ham first). I know most people only go here when they won't remember the next day where they were, but as a business professional, I can tell you it is just as good sober.
Ordered takeout last night. I hate trying a place for the first time this way and I knew we shouldn't have but we were painting our apartment and wanted something new. I got the prosciutto and moz on french with a few toppings. The Vin dressing was ok, barely tasted it. The sandwich was alright. I could have made it. I got a peach and coconut smoothie which was melted when it got here. Boyfriend got the pate sandwich which he thought was ok. He didn't finish it. His mango smoothie was good and less melted than mine was. After waiting an hour for food we were kinda disappointed. So all in all... we'll give it another go but takeout was sub-par. Update: So we have frequented this establishment quite a few more times and have decided it deserves a higher rating. Boyfriend is obsessed with the smoked salmon and avocado! I like the egg, avocado, tomato and mayo and anything with turkey or roast beef. The bora bora smoothie is to die for. I'll be ordering a salad next time because I am over all the bread. Not to mention the prices, hours, and chocolate croissants are fantastic!
I seriously don't know if I've had a better sandwich then the 2 i had here. The hubs and i were on vacation in Miami Beach for a week and as I do before i go anywhere, I yelped some places that i should check out... and you yelpers did not fail on this one! The first time we went I got the roast beef on french bread with everything except hot peppers and black olives). HOLY MOLY!!! I LOVE when a sammy comes with fresh yummy veggies and this one was loaded! It also came with little french pickles and a vinaigrette both of which took the sammy that one step beyond awesome! THEN because i couldn't get this place out of my mind, we went back a few days later... this time was even better! I got the chicken salad on french bread with all the same fixins as before only this time i got it with mozzarella cheese..jigga what?!?! Why didn't i do that last time?! this chicken salad is amazing! The only problem i had this time around was that i was so excited about that vinaigrette that i DUMPED so much on my sammy... still yummy as all get out, but the vinaigrette has a horseradish-ness to it and a couple bites really cleared my sinuses (but it is not Le Sandwicherie's fault that i love sauces but don't know my limit) The first time, we sat at the counter and that was great(clean, comfy, etc.) and then the second time we called in the order and picked it up and the sammies were ready right when they said they would be
I've been visiting this original location for well over 14 years now and it just seems to get better with time!  Whether it be a sandwich in the afternoon for lunch or a late night snack after a night of drinking, these sandwiches are always sure to please!  I have yet to take a friend there that hasn't immediately become a fan and loyal customer.  The sandwiches are well stacked with meat and cheese, if you're a fresh mozzarella fan, I recommend ordering it as they are not shy with the portions at all!  The vinaigrette is definitely out of this world and will leave you wanting to take some home.   Service is fast, efficient, consistent and always friendly.  If you watch the sandwich guy, he is like a machine in  how he prepares these works of art.  I highly recommend this spot as well as their new location in Mary Brickell village, at first I was worried they'd lose the consistency with the new spot but both are incredibly on point!
i eat at this counter every time i visit Miami. Usually i'll stop for an great sami, but Yesterday just had a simple breakfast: Espresso, Smokey Joe (juice blend), Croissant. Always great, super service, and tasty. Make your way if you're in the area. I think they are open like 7AM to 5AM...
Love this place for a late night snack after hitting the bar scene taste excellent and calorie friendly.
Great friendly fresh stop for bfast or healthy lunch. Nice Frenchman own bring light spirit and excellent croissant to this juicy spot.
With over 800 reviews and 4 stars,  we just had to check out this spot for a 3am meal after cocktails at Broken Shaker. The 1 mile walk is perfect for building up an appetite.  Obviously the perfect night time weather helps. On an early Monday morning there is no line,  and the servers are friendly,  chopping it up and sharing stories. The sandwiches are pretty darn great, I got the roast beef croque. Really plain and simple - exactly what I was feelin - but they out the side salad,  and pair everything up with their famous vinaigrette for some bomb ass good 3am grub. Mari tried the salmon and fresh mozzarella sandwich which was pretty good too. A lot of conversation happening while I was eating involved their vinaigrette sauce that is served with the sandwiches. In fact,  as I arrived,  a person was taking his to-go order and requested the sauce,  but the employee politely responded that it was already in  the bag. Fortunately, a couple guys began talking to about the sauce so they got hooked up with a bottle.  Despite being shy with asking ourselves, the guy hooked us up with their balsamic vinaigrette as well! Before we left,  the girl next to me asked if they did anything for bdays while her bf was in the bathroom. The two guys working went out of their way too look for candles,  and sang happy bday. I joined in the singing as well since I'm here in Florida celebrating my upcoming bday :)
Turkey and Camambert French cornichons yummmmm This is my favorite sandwhich, the ingredients are very fresh and if you are trying to kick the carbs, the salads truly show that. the smoothies are good too. The sandwich is big too, so you can share and its a cheap meal. Its best to walk there on the way to the beach, driving is tricky, watch out for your car getting hit in the alley.
I'm from new york so I know what a real sandwich tastes like and this place is the best sandwich ever I recommend it to anyone whos looking to get a fresh amazing sandwhich and the dressing they serve is to die for
mmm fresh ingredients make a lovely sandwich!  Can't NOT try it out if you're in Miami. just do it.
Great sandwiches. Amazing.  Open all night and sandwiches served at a window bar.  You can watch the owner make your sandwich right in front of you.  The bread is great.  The ingredients are fresh.  The sauces are unreal.  He will make whatever you wish or you can order from the menu.   Great little place.  $9 roughly for a sandwich....a really good sandwich.  Great service.  Really a fun location.
Ok, WHOA - this is probably the BEST salad I have had on South Beach HANDS DOWN.  The freshest ingredients you can imagine - the meat is deli style quality and the veggies are as fresh as though they were picked from a garden out back.   Don't be deceived by the cheap bar look and neon colored bar stools - this place is one of the best values on South Beach.   Another bonus - when the packed up the other half of my salad I couldn't eat (portions are huge!) they added extra dressings in the bag!  How sweet!
This place ROCKS! Best sandwich on the East Coast! Traveled to Miami for vacation and had sandwiches from here a few times during the week and it was the best - we were totally satisfed and loved the food. All the sandwiches were made on yummy, fresh French bread with very fresh produce and meats. The avocado! I thought California had good avacado, wow! They even delivered to our hotel which is totally amazing! The smoothies and crossiants were on point! Thank you for making my and family's experience great and my hunger satisfed! Please come to California!!
This place isn't super cheap, but it is very very good. The sandwiches and salads are both great. Their vinaigrette dressing is yummy! The walk-up atmosphere is fun and the staff is nice too. You'll wait a bit, but that's just because it's such a popular place. I'm always willing to wait for good food.
HUGE sandwich for a great price! Add the bree! I swear they slathered an entire wedge of it into my sub. (They have mozzarella as well, but it's not as flavorful as the bree.) Grab a bottle of the vinaigrette on the counter and go nuts!
Sandwicharia - Best take-out to grab a sandwich on your way to the beach.  My favorite is the mozzarella with French salami with everything on it. Their tangy mustard sauce is homemade and with all the juicy topping they pile onto the sandwich make it super wet and juicy and refreshing on a hot South Beach day.
This is a very small place with a bar table and few seats but it is definitely worthy. The sandwiches are delicious and super big! We had the ham&turkey croissant and the turkey&roast beef sandwich with extra avocado. Yummy! And BTW it is a very cheap place that it's open all night long.
Good sandwich, open late, don't remember much else haha.
fresh meats, always good for a quick last minute bite to eat...good service, good price...
Congratulations!  My first Five star review ever.... Best made sandwich I may have ever had.  Great fresh bread with just enough thickness to add an extra chew to the sandwich if you know what I mean. I ate there twice on the same stay to South Beach and it was delicious. Prosciutto and I recommend the Turkey and Prosciutto. All of the toppings were fresh and flavorful and the cornichons were just the right touch. It is amazing that in a place with beautifully designed restaurants and hotels that speak to the height of excess and grandeur....that a simple sandwich stand is one of the best meals that I have had all year.
If this place was everywhere there would be no Subway, Miami Sub, D'Angelo's etc. This is the place for the best fresh sandwich.... you have to take home a bottle of the dressing as well! I could eat lunch there everyday while in south beach! My inky wish is that we had one in COnnecticut.
Delicious prociutto and mozarella sandwiches that are really big servings! The strawberry, apricot and vanilla yogurt shake is amazing!
Lots of pluses here... Quality food, fast service, social bar atmosphere, and a bit of French character, all make this place stand out amongst the rest of Sobe's mediocre offerings.  Whatever you order, get it on a croissant.
What is up with people in Miami? This place gets all these accolades? The bread was terrible. At least a day old. Loaded with mediocre veggies and deli counter standard turkey. Only one person working the counter on a Saturday night. Please.
Love the witcheryyy... Coolest alley corner spot.. Chicken salad on a croissant is large and excellent!!! Homemade salad dressing the bomb!!
Love this place. Sandwiches with fresh ingredients and delicious vinagrette.
One of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life.  Whenever friends tell me they are visiting Miami, I tell them to visit this place!  I had the proscuitto and mozzarella sandwich with the Paradise Cove shake.  Perfect combo for relaxing at the beach.
I don't think much more needs to be said about La Sandwicherie, but as I eat there (far) more often than anywhere else in Miami, I had to chime in. I have an unconditional love for this place. The sandwiches are amazing. Pick a meat, pick a cheese, everything on it and leave it at that. You can't go wrong. The bread is a wonderful combination of crusty and chewy; the fresh toppings are piled high; and the vinaigrette sauce is, well, perfect (ask for extra if getting yours to go). But it's not just the sandwiches. The staff have great French accents (with attitudes to match, but in a funny way); the service is fast (but be ready with your order or you'll lose your spot); and the ambiance is wonderfully South Beach. In my year or so in Miami I have eaten here at least three times a week, at almost every hour of the day (you won't find a better late-night munchie fix on the Beach), and I've never been disappointed.
Don't think I'll write a detailed review about this place because everything's already been said. Prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich was amazing. The pickles were delicious! Can't wait to get my hands on another sandwich when I'm back in the area!
I loved this place so much that I went here 4 times within 2 days. I tried the mozzarella and prosciutto, smoked salmon and turkey and brie. The smoked salmon was my favorite although it may have been because that was the only one that I tried on a croissant.  The croissant is far superior to the regular french bread as I found the french bread a little hard and difficult to eat.  The last time I went, they were sold out of the croissant and I was really disappointed.  The french dressing goes really well with the sandwiches as well and I even bought a bottle to take back home with me.
I came during the week for lunch, definitely had no place to sit but it was all good because I just got my sandwich to go. It was really close to my hotel that I was staying in so I just got my sandwich and ate it back at the hotel. Definitely reasonably priced considering the sandwiches were pretty big.  My girlfriend and I split the prosciutto and mozzarella one.  Nicely dressed with all these fresh veggies and their homemade vinaigrette (My friend hated but I devoured it).   The staff for the moment that I did speak to them were pretty awesome and friendly.  The service was speedy and my fresh sandwich was in hand a minute later. I would have to say it was delicious, maybe because I was hungry and hungover. Comparable to my NY delis, I would say it stood it ground.   And if you are a girl walking through the streets, I was whistled and stared at like a piece of prosciutto so be forewarned.  Plenty of construction workers already undressing you like the way I took of the sandwich wrapper.
A great change of pace from all the five star restaurants and Cuban Diners in Miami.  The produce and meats are extremely fresh and they rock the chicken salad.  Thought it was strange that a Cuban sandwich was not on the menu. For Miami, this is a five star sandwich stop.  For cities like Boston, New York, or Philadelphia this is a solid three.
I never thought I'd ever be so hyped up for a sandwich! DELICIOUS SANDWICHES. Never had such a fresh sandwich! The tomatoes were such a deep red, the mozzarella was super fresh and delicious. Yes, the spot is super tight, you're lucky to get a seat, we were lucky both times we went that it was slow for a small window of time. But heck, these sandwiches are so good that you can buy it and take it to go. They were celebrating their 25th year anniversary. That just goes to show how great it is. The staff is super friendly and nice. I wish we could've brought some sandwiches in our suitcases, haha.
Great, great sandwiches. Very good service. Smoked salmon on croissant, warm, with brie is my favorite. Big, fat, delicious sandwich.
I am not a fan of sandwiches so that might also contribute to this opinion.  I think the food was just ok and it was overpriced.  I paid $27.00 dollars for 2 sandwiches with chips and soda. and I honestly didn't notice the difference between these sandwiches and those from Quiznos let's say.  The bread was very hard. I never tried this place and was curious about why it is so popular. Definitely overrated and over priced, and a long wait too.
The Sandwiches at the appropriately named, French-owned establishment are...shall I say Muy Bien. There's something that allures people from all of Miami to sit patiently and sometimes sweatily at this sandwich counter, despite overlooking it's enchanting vistas of an alleyway and gas station. The sandwiches are made with the best French attitude and baguettes you can find on this side of the pond. Their special sauce is spicy, delightful, and addictive (which also has a lot of sodium, so mind a beverage). Despite my urge to grumble, complain, and be generally disgruntled in the honor of the French dining experience, it is usually quite an enjoyable experience sitting at the counter. There's always the sights, spectacles, and smells of South Beach to keep you entertained as you enjoy your sandwich. In Five or Less: Saucy, Moist, Hearty, Satiating, Locals Moist you say? No, that's the misting fan that keep you cool on your stool. Enjoy, Enchante', and Bon Appetite!
Greek salad yes Whole wheat turkey no mayo This place is addicting wish we could have 1 in LA!
Visited on 8-1-12 during lunch. The staff was approachable and busy juggling orders.  Sandwiches are fresh and made in front of you.  Wished I ordered mine toasted but it was still good. What makes this place stand out was the french vinaigrette, so order extra.  If you sit down to eat, they'll have a bottle there for you.  Ordered the rainbow smoothie and it was good.  You can tell they used fresh fruit.  The French vinaigrette is the only thing that makes this sandwich apart from others.  They have their vinaigrette available for sale too. Oh yea, they had reasonable prices, plus didn't charge 18% tip like everything else around there.
love to hang at the place..good salads and sandwiches...hard to park but good if you are on the scooter...the place is outside so in the hot summer it is great to go because they have the cool spritzer on....
I just came back from a Miami vacation and could not wait to review this place!  Everything was delicious and fresh!  The service is fast and very friendly.  You sit at the counter and enjoy your sandwich and smoothie. I had a roast beef and fresh mozzarella sandwich on baguette with all the toppings except cucumbers.  LOVED the olives on the sandwich and the house-made vinaigrette (very tangy and tasty).  The fresh mozz on this sandwich was  PILED HIGH.  It was crazy.  The sandwich was huge.  After a day walking in south beach or lounging on the beach this sandwich is so satisfying.  You can get it toasted if you like.  It was very hot that day so I had mine nice and cold. I had a banana coconut smoothie which was excellent as well. Bottom line: Fresh ingredients, big sandwiches, vinaigrette, smoothies, fun. This is a must if you are in Miami beach.
3.50 stars.  I'm just wondering whether I ordered wrong because it seems like everyone else absolutely gushes over this place.  Like a few other people who have written about La Sandwicherie, I ordered the turkey and camembert sandwich.  However, I didn't add all the garnishments, and I think that was my mistake.  Apparently, adding cornichons, lettuce, green bell peppers and tomatoes is an absolute must here, and I think it was the difference between a pretty good sandwich and something subliminal.  I make this point because my friend loaded up his sandwich with everything and was basically saying everything that all these other Yelp reviewers are saying.  So if you happen to read this particular review out of the 650+ that are out there, the takeaway is PLACE EVERYTHING YOU POSSIBLY CAN INTO THE SANDWICH.
Great salmon sandwhich!!
very good and you can eat anytime! very convenient !
This place is my favorite sandwich place in Miami.  This remains true now as a visitor and 8 years ago as a local Miami girl. I always order the Salami and Camembert with everything and a coffee latte.  Both perfection. Tip:   One sandwich can easily be shared for 2. And you can park in the alley if there is room.
Sandwiches were huge! You can share 1 with 2 people. They also had lots of healthy veggies in them definitely great if u wanna grab some lunch to take to the beach! I got the ham and turkey sandwich. It had tiny pickles which I think are called French pickles? They were very tasty.
Good food for a late night. Nice selection.
One of South Beach best kept secret! Been coming here for years and it never dissapoints. Every Sandwich is on point and made fresh. Love the laid back alley seating. Locals best kept secret. I Always pick up one of their subs before heading out for a day at the beach.
The number of stars for this restaurant is well-deserved. This hole in the wall sandwich shop made my trip to Miami! I got a prosciutto + Camembert sandwich with all the fixings and wished I ordered two! They loaded the soft baguette EVENLY so you get a bite of everything each time. Although the veggies were generously piled on, they still left the spotlight on the proscuitto & creamy, wonderful camembert. The hot peppers and cornichons (french pickle) are the "cherries" on top of the "sundae," and the flavors work perfectly with each other. The veggies are also crisp and fresh--nothing like Subway veggies that has been put out since the morning. Fast service, wonderfully nice French-speaking shop owner, and delicious food. They even take credit card. There's nothing not to like about this small shop!
The best local hot spot we could have found on our trip to South beach!! Undoubtably perfecto! Came back more than once within 2 days. Incredible smoothies, delicious croissants, excellent chicken & tuna salad, love the choices of veggies and cheeses, their house sauce is awesome! Great prices!
Amazing sandwich and juice bar on South beach.  Had the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich.  Quite possibly the best sandwich ever!  My wife had some freshly made juice that she loved as well. The atmosphere is awesome as well.  Just grab a chair at the outdoor bar area and have a great meal and conversation with the staff.
Yummy sandwiches, generous portions, great salads and awesome smoothies at a reasonable price!
This might be the best kept sandwich secret on SOBE. I'm not sure why but these sandwiches are awesome. A friend introduced me to them a couple years back and I've been hooked ever since. I usually get the chicken with everything. Extra sauce. Its something like a "special" house made sauce. Whatever the put in it must have addictive side effects because I keep coming back for more!
Subway?  Quiznos?  This place is original and wholesome!  I continue to order the smoked Salmon with Mozzarella cheese, spring mix salad, tomatoes, onion and baby pickles!  Not to mention their homemade sauce (goodness) added as a final touch!   Thirsty?  Smoothies and Vegetable juices made to order!   Bon Appetit!
Excellent start to the day as far as smoothie & sandwich goes, great place to watch any early morning drama from Duece
Perfect for beach day.  Fast and deliciious.
After reading allll the reviews, I had such high hopes!  I'm sure that was the downfall of my experience. On a random weekday evening, I stopped by.  Like everyone else mentions, you order at the counter.  Staff was pleasant.  Sandwich was made very quickly. I ordered the Saucisson Sec.  While the sandwich seemed huge, once I started eating, I realized the serving of meat wasn't as plentiful as it appeared.  It was just right, I'll give them that.  But not a lot.  At all.  And there's no cheese on that particular sandwich, either. There were plenty of vegetables, though.  Enough to make a small side salad.  The bread was way too hard for me.  I don't know if I got a stale loaf or what.  I like a good crusty piece of bread but I needed a saw to get through my sandwich.  I *will* give them props for the cornichons!!!  They made my sandwich.  The combination of those and the vinaigrette?  I can probably sit down and eat that lil combo all day. Overall, I was let down.  I had all these great expectations going into it that by the end of the meal, I felt disappointed.  :-/ 2 stars for the freshness of the fixins and ordering experience.
This is the only place where I will take attitude from the guy in the window taking my order.   Hands down, this is the best sandwich you will ever eat.  I always get the roast beef and camaberet with all the fixings (french pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, olives, onions, bell peppers) on the french bread and extra crack sauce.  Yes, that says crack sauce because it is addictive and one of the best things ever created.  When the mustard based vinagrette mixes with the bread, something magical happens.  Total magic. I remember a few years back the plastic squeeze bottle containing the crack sauce was chained to the place.  Now, you can purchase a bottle to take home and enjoy.  So amazing!!  It's crack, it's addictive, it's wonderful. The ingredients are always fresh.  The camaberet is creamy (don't get tricked and order brie as you will get slices of brie instead of the gooey, stickey cameberet chunks).  The bread is crusty and chewy.  It is heaven on a roll.  Absolutely scrumptious. THEY DELIVER NOW!  :) I love this place.  I would eat here every day if I could.  Even when they serve you a plate of attitude, believe me, you will stand there, take it and be giddy when you get your sandwich.
A great place with awesome sandwiches.
Fabulous little find in the midst of the South Beach chaos. Little sandwich shop with outside stools and open air misters. Tasty milkshakes too!!
Now I understand why this is such a local gem/tourist favorite. Je t'aime, La Sandwicherie! Ever since I've been back from France studying abroad, my life has not been the same. Walking around eating the French baguettes that they make AMAZING sandwiches with, I have not felt so nostalgic until I came to this little sandwich joint. Based on all the reviews that drove me here int he first place, when they say they use fresh ingredients, they are definitely FRESH. I ordered the mozzarella and proscuitto with everything but olives, and wowwww. The crispy cucumbers, the delicioussss little pickles, spicy peppers (which was a surprise) the freshness of the mozzarella that jsut melts in your mouth mixed with some really good thick slices of proscuitto (they don't skimp you on the ingredients, that's for sure) concludes in a really messy sandwich eating experience. Also ordered a Smokey Joe for $5 which was a great morning starter: Fresh carrot/orange juice. Great combo! Practically unsweetened though, which was fine by me. Good thing they give you this lovely little vinaigrette and a ton of napkins. For $10 a sandwich, mosey on over the South Beach and take in the gorgeous view and have a great lunch. Also, the sandwich is massive, so be sure to share unless you have a heart appetite because it is definitely not as good when its soaked up and soggy. Also, the gorgeous French speaking man who made my sandwich, your "bon appetit" made my day if not VACATION. skjgsjglfl and /swoon.
I'm obsessed. I literately wake up in the morning and want a Sandwicherie sandwich.   They hand-slice the cheese for each sandwich- I usually get turkey and mozzarella with the works- lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion, hot peppers, green peppers, and, of course, CORNICHONS!!!  I really, really love those cornichons (mini french pickles). I think they only thing I love more than the cornichons is the dressing.  Oh, the dressing.  I think I use about half a bottle on each sandwich.  No joke.   Funny thing about the dressing though- I bought a bottle recently, and it doesn't taste the same at home on other things (like salad).  Depressing really.  But I guess that makes my visits to La Sandwicherie more exciting!
The first couple times i ate here i thought it was just ok. but then i found myself craving the flavor 3,000 miles away. when i returned to get my sandwich fix, it was all good! Acai shakes are a bonus, and a welcome detox to counter the less than wholesome Miami night life.
Great late night place to nosh on some good eats.  Hit or miss with the some of the baked goods when you go late at night.   Salads are good and made fresh, fountain drinks and free Internet wifi.   As a bonus you clean watch people try and return to their cars after being booted for parking and not patronizing any businesses at this local.
I ordered a salad which wasn't bad BUT I didn't know they had jalapenos and I hate jalapenos.  My sis loved her chicken salad and the smoothies weren't bad...I will try a sandwich next time. next day...went for a shake...#6 SO FREAKING GOOD. Next day...went for a shake #7 (I prefer #6) and sandwich on a croissant... OK these ppl totally redeemed themselves with me. 5 stars all the way...took me 3 tries in 4 days BUT they are definitely worth going to while in SoBe.
We almost passed by it even though Yelp had us on the lookout. Not to be missed. I had the turkey and camambert and my wife chose the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella. The vinaigrette and cornichons made for perfect complements to very special sandwiches. We were big fans of the lunch counter atmosphere and the French-speaking staff and patrons. My one initial disappointment was the lack of unique side dishes, as Ruffles just didn't seem appropriate -- but the sandwiches satiated even my massive appetite to the point where anymore would have been overkill. Magnifique!
A must visit every time I'm in Miami (usually in March for WMC). I always go for the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich. Major points for using fresh mozza. Don't see to may places that do that these days. Delis take note, fresh mozza can exponentially better a sandwich. One of my favorite Miami memories is pulling up to this place on my lil rented scooter, getting some grub, then takin off and driving around Alton road checking out all the dope houses. Writing this made me realize how much I miss Miami. Can't wait to go back in March.
Tips for la sandwicherie: - In the summer they have the mist machines going so you can stay cool while waiting for your sandwich. - Order from anywhere at the counter.. there isn't a set 'order here' line - It's the sauce that makes the sandwich. If you get a sandwich to go, ask for 2 things of sauce and not 1 - 2 sandwiches and 2 bottles of water will run you just under $20 - Take your sandwich to the beach .. eating at the counter didn't look pleasant. If you do eat at the counter- there are about a dozen seats. - The guy that works here is SUPER nice 3 stars because I thought it was an OK sandwich..  really nothing special about it. The sauce tasted similar to the sauce they have at Pat and Oscars in San Diego... but I'm embarrassed to say I like Pat and Oscars better.  Standard lunch food, glad I brought it to the beach, I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't recommend it
Great late night eats....parking a little tight but well worth it...park in the alley
La Sandwicherie is the stuff of legend.  The bread is great and fresh daily.  the veggies they put on are fresh and crispy and delicious. The meats are good selections and can be piled on high depending on the sub you order.   The thing that binds all of the goodness together is the vinaigrette!  Every once in a blue moon you will end up with a baguette that is TOO crunchy, but 98% of the time its perfection Also im a big fan of the chicken salad... I have a friend that is soo in love with this place, I have watched him scarf down 3 entire sandwiches from here.  I dont know where he put them but he knocked em back...its THAT good
We got the salmon salad and the chicken sandwich (with fresh squeezed orange juice as well).  I liked that you get your choice of very fresh vegetables in all the dishes, there is a good variety.  The prices are very reasonable.
Fast friendly service, reasonably priced good food - surprisingly hard combination to find on the beach. I got what everyone else seems to recommend, the prosciutto croissant sandwich, and it didn't disappoint. Large enough for two light eaters to share.
I have been back several times (almost every day I have been here).. awesome smoothies, great sandwiches, fresh juices, wonderful salads.  I bet there isn't anything on the menu that you wouldn't like (is that a double negative?It's ok my English is gooder then most) . I will be back in the morning as well!
Turkey and camembert w everything seems pretty yummy. The hot and sweet peppers are delicious, cabochons are a great addition.
Great place to pick up sandwiches! They are fairly big so the $11 you pay for them (extra for croissant and cheese) is pretty worth it.  Not the most friendly service, but the ingredients were very fresh and they really pile on the meat!  My friend had a smoothie which was delicious as well!
My husband and I ate lunch at La Sandwicherie every single lunch during our 5-day Miami vacation. And every day we left a little bit more in love with the place. The joy of La Sandwicherie is in its simplicity. Its authenticity. Its freshness. It's the opposite of every ridiculous, overpriced, annoying restaurant on Ocean Drive. Simple meats, fresh smoothies and a delightfully charming staff make this restaurant so painfully adorable and satisfying. And their vinaigrette??? Yum! During these long cold winter months in Minnesota I won't be dreaming about the sun on South Beach. I'll be dreaming about the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto baguettes, fresh vinaigrette and mango/OJ smoothies. I know that sounds annoying and untrue. But I'm not kidding.
Best value in South Beach hands down. Quality ingredients, fantastic bread, huge sandwiches. I literally ate here every day during my stay in Miami. The hot peppers and cornichons were fantastic!
There isn't much left to be said. This place actually should be a five, but as consistent as its always been, lately something has been ever so slightly off. That means that it's only 99% better than the other sandwich places. Boo! Lol
I recently found this place on Yelp before a trip to South Florida, and then literally ran into it during an ever-lovable afternoon rainstorm! I had the prochuitto and mozz sandwhich and it was awesome! I did pull a rookie mistake and eat 1/2 of the sandwhich w/o the vinegarette!! The owner came by and told us that it was "no good" (insert french accent)...and immediately had us add the secret sauce! Great size sandwhich with all fresh ingredients for $8 bucks, yes please!!
If you're a local, this place is a staple, and if you're a visitor, this is probably the best place for you to grab a sandwich and either head to the beach, or grab one on your way back from the beach. They are well priced, everything is fresh, and the portions are absolutely more than enough.  Also, their sauce goes perfect on every sandwich they make, so you can be plenty generous with it.
I knew the chicken salad sandwich on french bread was amazing, so when I called to order, I said no cheese, au naturelle. The man on the phone said "What? No cheese?!" And then I rethought this decision -- always go with the suggestions of a good sandwich man. I already was getting it with 'everything' which is not how i usually order anything, but in my experience, the combination of peppers and pickles they add are delicious. So I asked what he recommended. Camembert or mozzarella, he said. I chose mozzarella, not in the mood for a thick creamy cheese. Was he suggesting cheese because it really does enhance the experience, or because it adds a few extra dollars onto the total? I'm not sure.   The result was success, a tasty sandwich, chicken salad that's not at all too mayo-y, and the little pickles add great texture, moisture and crunch. I'm still on the fence about the cheese with the chicken salad. I feel like the mayo-ness IS the 'cheese' but I was open minded. It is afterall cheese. And they do not skimp - I was actually taking some of it off. I think I'll probably skip it next time, but it was by no means bad. Also, they were quite speedy, although to be fair I do live about three blocks away. And yes, I still got delivery. It just makes the sandwich taste all that much better knowing I exerted minimal effort to obtain it. Delicious 1, walking 0.
True "hole in the wall" place!  Great sandwiches, remarkable customer service.  There French Salami sandwich is amazing!
Not really sure why this place is rated so well, it's really just a mediocre sandwich. Good french bread, but kind of a lame sandwich otherwise...
I keep on coming back to this place. Huge fresh sandwiches, that is enough for 2 people, but I always end up eating the entire sandwich. Girls, don't wear bright lipstick when ordering your sandwiches.. otherwise, it'll look like you just made out with your sandwich lol. Unless you're going for that look. My favorite is the prosciutto with everything (you have to try their French pickles), but I have to come back and try their salads or try it with a croissant bread. Yes seating is limited but people eat and get up fairly quickly so you'll get a seat sooner or later. All the servers are French which is entertaining to watch them when they start talking in French. I'm not trying to be a stalker but something about the French language intrigues me... Anyway, always a great stop to grab lunch before heading to the beach. Public parking garage only a block away for $1 an hour. One of South Beach's gems.
I remember coming here for the first time on a date a long time ago and thinking next!!!!! Just goes to show never judge a book by it's cover! The sandwiches here are one of my favorites in Miami. Whatever you get just make sure to ask for loads of vinaigrette sauce as it slightly resembles crack. I'm addicted to it! The smoothies are a great way to wash down your sandwich. I love mango. Recently found out the owners will be opening in Brickell and I am ecstatic as it's walking distance from my place!
très bon!!! belle accueille!! all was perfect!! sandwich and smoothie bora bora!!!
I love this place and almost  always go for the Pâté sandwich with Brie.  I've tried countless other sandwiches on the menu though and they are all great.  The bread is fantastic and everything is fresh.
I almost always have the infamous prosciutto and fresh mozzarella which is amazing! They have another favorite of mine which is the French Salami and Camembert. Load your sandwich up with all the fresh veggies that the fresh crusty bread can hold! Now that's a sandwich!! It's an outdoor walk up window so don't expect anything fancy! But the sandwiches are great. They have smoothies and salad options as well! They're open until 5am, which is another plus! I'm sure I don't need to add anything further! Get your butt over there and enjoy!! :)
This is by far my favorite sandwich shop in the South! WHere else can you get a Proscuitto & Camembert cheese on a fresh baked Croissant?!?/! The vinegarette makes the sammie phenomenal! iAbsolutely love this joint! iWent here almost every weekend when I lived in Miami Beach...they don't have these stands in L.A.! :(
Super fresh ingredients on these sandwiches. I love coming when I'm wasted and need to dry up the booze. I a always get the same thing; sliced chicke, fresh mozzarella loaded with everything cornichons, black olives, lettuce, tomato and their amazing vinaigrette dressing with a much needed bottle of water to wash it all down. Then a find a taxi
Hands down the best sandwiches in South Florida.  The prosciutto / mozzarella croissant is breathtaking and quite ample.
Love this place!  Things are fresh and so tasy. Reasonable in cost and a decent size.  I love the idea, but there isn't much seating.   I was riding my bike around Miami so this added to the fun of my day.  It was so nice to come here.   Highly recommend it!
One of Miami's hot spots. Open almost 24 hours a day, fast food, but not your ordinary fatty fast foods. They have tons of sandwich selections, hence its name La Sandwicherie. It is hard to find parking so beware! There isn't like tons of seating here. The place has bar-like seating only. The food is made to its freshest. Mozzarella and tomato in a sandwich get me every time! Those two just make my sandwich already. Went with the Prosciutto and Fresh Mozzarella sandwich. It sort of reminded me of a Vietnamese Sandwich except Cuban style. The bread was so soft and thick! There were tons of fresh veggies in there. I am not much of a sauce person so I like my sandwiches with just the main ingredients. Gotta keep it light and fresh. This place isn't stingy on the prosciutto either. There is like a slab of meat in it! Prosciutto is already thinly sliced, so it sucks when places put about 3-4 slices. This place packs it up! When you bite into it, you can taste the meat. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Looks fresh right?! The Famous Cuban Sandwich. It reminds me of a grilled cheese just because of the bread they use. Comes with a salad and basically just has ingredients of a cuban sandwich but better. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Other sandwich options I wanted to try: Smoked Salmon, Salami Prolvone Another great find to add to my favorite sandwich list!
This is probably my favorite place in South Beach. First of all, they offer fresh juice and they're only $5 as opposed to $8 in some nearby juice bars. Also, the staff is friendly and most times comical and they generally prepare the food quickly. The sandwhiches are huge but somehow feel light. I guess the ingredients are fresh... i dunno
Really good, large sandwiches (we tried the turkey & camembert and prosciutto & mozzarella). And I loved the famous mustardy vinaigrette too. I'd recommend getting your sandwich on a croissant. Delicious. I was disappointed by the smoothie I got though. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, and for $4.45, it's overpriced for the amount you get. I'll come back to get another sandwich though and try their juices. Oh and I'm not sure why someone wrote to bring cash since they took our credit card, but our order was over $20, so maybe they require a minimum to use your card?
My only complaint is that there is barley any seating (about 10 seats) and the woman that always works there always has an attitude. Other than that i LOVE this place so i'll still give it 5 stars. It's worth the wait for a seat because everything is always fresh and quick and easy. I can't even pin point what exactly it is that makes their sandwhiches soooooooo much better than any other sandwhich place i've ever been to but they really are.
Excellent option!! Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find La Sandwicherie! We pulled up on our bikes to this cute little counter. Looking over while waiting, I saw piles of fresh ingredients. Cucumbers, black olives, ripe tomatoes, flaky croissants, blueberries, kiwis, and more. I ordered the chicken salad on a croissant while my friend got a "Rainbow" shake. I loved every bite of my sandwich. Even the second half which I saved for later in the evening. Delicious!! I am even taking a roast beef on croissant on the plane home tomorrow! Oh, La Sandwicherie, won't you follow me back to Chicago? I will love you forever!
Hey veg*ns, this place is vegan friendly and the sandwiches are huge!  I ordered the avocado veggie sandwich and it was tasty.  My travel partner really enjoyed their meat sandwich too.  If you plan on eating at the restaurant, just know that seating is tight and limited.  The food here is also super affordable and the location is close to the beach.
Stopped at La Sandwicherie based on the reviews I had seen here and it was one of the most amazing sandwiches I've ever put my lips to!!! I ordered the Turkey with Camembert sooo good! It was so fresh, the bread is just crispy enough outside and soft enough inside, the meat cheese and the OMGDELICIOUS french vinaigarette is truly addictive! I'm sad that If I crave it I'm S.O.L. since I don't live in Miami, but that's ok I will be sure to return on future visits!
I was so excited to come here because I LOVE sandwiches and so does my husband, so after seeing all the rave reviews and the high ratings we had to come here. Our plan was to pick up some sandwiches and walk to the beach and eat it there and get our Vitamin D-on! I ordered the Prosciutto and Fresh Mozzarella sandwich and my husband got the Italian. Both were very good and both were made with a friendly demeanor and done super fast! It was all done in 5 min! the mozzarella was a super thick slice all through the sandwich, yumm! The Prosciutto was delicious and had that salty flavor to it which complemented well with the mozzarella, but I wished there was more than one layer of it throughout the whole sandwich, especially since the bread is so thick. My husband's Italian sandwich was so much more yummier though because there was a lot more meat to it. If I could have this with the mozarella that would be PERFECT. Overall, great service with a smile and super quick. Bravo guys! Oh and open super early and super late at night, awwesome! Healthy post-alcohol food.
Let me explain something: I've never liked pickles. I didn't like their smell, their look, or their taste. However, I am now addicted to pickles!!  WHY? La Sandwicherie is why. Here are the pros: First, their sandwiches are HUGE. Second, ordering sandwiches with all their toppings (minus mayo!) is the only way to go. Third, there's a really cool mist lining the outdoor stand-like shop to keep you cool on hot summer days. Now, the cons: First, there's a really cool mist lining the outdoor stand-like shop! You can't go in your best work-wear. Second, I wish it were closer to my world -- downtown, Brickell, Coral Gables (yes, self-centered but so?!).
Wandering through South Beach at supper time and took Yelp's advice on a sandwich joint nearby. I found La Sandwicherie and enjoyed my experience. I would call it funky fun. It is  In a fairly shady part of South Beach between a tattoo parlor and new construction. This was part of the charm(?). Tiny place open on two sides with an awing to keep the weather off. There was a row of maybe 10 stools lined up to  perch on. A very nice young lady took my order and  told me what would be good for supper as I looked over the menu. I could choose from a wide selection of breads, meats, veggies, cheeses, and condiments. Two young men were working several feet in front of me quickly filling orders. They were comfortably laughing as they chatted with each other as they worked. I very much enjoyed watching the passing parade of humanity on the sidewalk several feet away on a Saturday evening. Lots of clubs nearby so you get the idea. The sandwich was very tasty. Nice, fresh ingredients. Service was very quick. A good choice!
Cold mist spraying over the bar and reggae playing-but I can hardly hear the reggae as I'm chomping down mozzarella and prosciutto sandwich--straw ap van shake is sick
One word: BETTER SUBWAY. Real fresh ingredients, breads, and friendly/efficient staffs. Quick and convenient. Hip. Huge poprtion yet cheap and healthy. Long hours of operation. I'm failing to find a reason not to like. If you haven't tried, go with "Roast Beef" with "everything" (minus any of your dislikes such as hot pepper etc as necessary). Or ham and camembert combination. I usually go for Roast Beef with everything except hot pepper, extra cornichons.
I make it a point to research for potential sandwich spots for any new city I visit. When my friends and I were planning to hit up SoBe I was incredibly eager to visit this place.  We were there for a bachelor party, and the most exciting thing to do for me was try a sandwich spot. Sad I know. Anyway, after a night of drunken debauchery me and the guys decided to drop by this shop. The storefront is reminiscent of a bar, and you order as such. Just find a open space at the counter that raps around the joint and someone will be quick to come around. I ordered the seafood sandwich and was surprised by the size of the sandwiches. For around 7 dollars they are pretty big. The vegetables made the sandwich as they were incredibly fresh, and it's packed with them. It's more like a vegetable sandwich topped with a seafood spread, which was delicious. This coming from a heavy meat eater speaks volumes about the quality of this place. I wanted to come back for a second run, but our schedule didn't permit it. Can't wait to visit SoBe again just to try the mozzarella sandwich.
Portions are huge!  Enough to share with 2 people.  Prices are decent for what you get and the ingredients are fresh.   Recommend: prosciutto with mozzarella
Good sandwiches. I had their Smoked Salmon sandwich and it was good. I liked the pickled veggies and the flavors. Pretty good price also considering that its a small chain. The service is also good.
You can now barely see this place with the new building built right in front of it. Had a substandard experience here.  Out of wheat bread and service not friendly either.  And the shady crowds passing by on nearby Washington Avenue at night....talk about the dregs of humanity...
Order EXTRA SAUCE.  That dijon mustard is the stuff that wet dreams are made of.  This sandwich is pretty much the first thing that I have when straight off the plane from L.A.  These Frenchies should really open a Hollywood location :) Each ingredient of these sandwiches are a thing of beauty.  From the bread to the fresh lettuce to the not-too-salty deli meats.  They put them together with fresh cheeses in wonderful combinations that make me think that its not the employees of Subway who are the real Sandwich Artists. _C$
Literally best sandwiches in Miami. Oh and Great smoothies as well. I'm not sure what I can add, but they have the best array of ingredients for their sandwiches. I usually get the turkey with camambert. It's served on a soft, delicious french baguette. Seating is a bit cramped when it gets busy, but that's the only complaint.
Over 400 reviews, there is definitely a reason! This place is easily remembered as the most delish sandwich joint in Miami Beach. You'd never think it from it's dive live atmosphere and location. It's a staple whenever I vacation here. The mozz and turkey is amazing. Their cornichons are not only cute but delicious! Salad is freshly prepared too. A wait is inevitable. The one guy is so French you just have to "yes" him to death. Everyone is pretty friendly. Feels like you're in Jamaica or something!
Wow! I've been wanting a good sandwich and this one one uped me! It was a Great sandwich!! The guy up front Victor, was friendly, accommodating, and great experience. We are definitely coming back.
I vacationed in South Beach for five days, and came here three times!  The sandwiches here are stellar, and I LOVE SANDWICHES.  The ingredients they use here are as fresh as it comes, and they really do stuff it to the max.  So be warned, it is not a small sandwich... The place is not a traditional restaurant-- more like a long outdoor bar, with stool seating.  The service is surprisingly good for a low-key place like this.  While we scarfed down our sandwiches, the guy behind the bar brought us waters even though we didn't ask for them.  I wish they had this in So. Cal!  The french vinegrette they have makes everything that much more delicious.  They set down a bottle with your sandwich (and trust me, you'll want it on every bite) and leave you to enjoy.   On my last night in South Beach, we cabbed it to La Sandwicherie (they open til 5a.m.!) , asked the cabbie to wait, got the sandwiches, and savored them back at the hotel.  I'll miss South Beach, and this is one of the reasons why!
Porchhhhuuuuuitto i think this is a good place for miami area...in the end, we shouldn't expect too much from a super touristy place.  their toasted sammies are yum!!
Awesome sandwiches, fast service, decent prices & amazing French vinaigrette! Fresh ingredients & unique dining atmosphere.
Never fails! Possibly the best sandwiches I've ever had. The sauce is what gives them a magical taste that will leave you wanting more- every time! The quality of their ingredients is excellent! What makes them extra special is having a croissant toasted as the sandwich bread.
Huge huge fan of this place. I tried it many times and I can't believe it is my first review on it. This is a tiny joint with probably 10-12 outdoor seats (bar stools) so unless you find one you might want to be ready for take out. I always go for their sandwich (you can pick croissant or wheat). They are all good and I recommend to ask for "everything" in terms of toppings which give you a great mix of greens and veggies. This is a big sandwich, fresh and so flavorful which nice vinaigrette sauce on top. You can't go wrong. They also do some yummy fresh smoothie as well. Sometimes it is a bit messy to place your order and stuff but hey it is french so bear with it; customer service isn't our forte lol Be careful they got a lot of good reviews on travel books, yelp, zagat and others so they could be some waiting time...
I have lunch here a few times a month. Never fails to be totally delicious. No matter what you order whether it be the sandwiches, salads, or smoothies, the ingredients are always really fresh and it makes the food taste that much better. Sandwiches are around $7 and very large which among South Beach's $10-$20 "lunch specials", makes La Sandwicherie something of an oasis. The only two things that kind of suck are the lack of seats (even with the fans spraying that cooling yet humidity-enhancing mist, you really just want to sit down in the shade and relax) and the $10 credit card minimum. The first couple of times I went, they let me pay with credit card even when my purchase was less than $10 but one day, the girl that works there refused to accept my credit card. Luckily, my friend had cash and covered for me. I was there another day when a customer didn't have cash and the girl told them she would "let it slide this time" and let them pay with their card. Even with this, the food is worthy enough of a five star rating. I just bring cash from now on.
Stagger over here when you wake up and get yourself a delicious sandwich after a night on the town. It's good, simple and reasonable.
When my company's jet setting CEO recommended this Miami Beach restaurant, I knew it was not to be missed. The ingredients were fresh, the smoothies were yummy, and the misting fans were appreciated. The location was low key and hip. Best of all, the owner, Olivier Farrat, goes out of his way for customers. Très bon!
In a beach littered with faux Cuban sandwiches that taste about as authentic as if my Irish grandmother were to make them, La Sandwicherie is by far the best sandwich shop on South Beach. Its easy to find on 14th street. Just look for the beehive of activity surrounding this small open-air counter between Collins and Washington. If you're lucky you'll get a seat. These frenchies know how to make a sandwich! On the walk over, I would always juggle the decision as to get my sandwich on their french rolls or the croissants. The rolls are mad fresh and tasty and the croissants are flaky, luscious, crescent-shaped pillows of  love. The next seemingly life or death decision is to choose between my three favorites. The Turkey and Camembert, the Turkey, Salami, and Provolone, or the Prosciutto and Mozzarella. I guess I would choose based on the time of day, night or really early morning I was going. Now what to get on it...Ummm everything! All of their ingredients taste fresh from the farmer and blend together nicely.  The little cornichons are an especially  nice touch. These baby's daddies (kosher dills) just don't make the cut on this caliber of sandwich. Last but not least comes.. the vinaigrette! This heavenly mustard syrup is peppery and tart. Its perfect. I'd say the recipe is well guarded by Michael Vick's dogs. If it were possible,  I would like to ignore interrogation and be water-boarded with this stuff. Its no wonder this place hasn't budged in 20 years. Its also conveniently located across from one of the best dive bars in south beach, Mack's Club Deuce (review coming soon). In addition to taste-bud blowing sandwiches this place also does great salads and smoothies. But I've never had them. I don't venture off from the sandwiches. Ask another yelper. Thanks for reading.
J'aime la sandwicherie!  Let's just say there is nothing like this place in Philly.  My boyfriend and I were in South Beach this past summer celebrating college graduation, and were definitely eating out on a budget!  La sandwicherie not only fit our broke budget, but it was DELICIOUS!  We ate here every day of our week in Miami and loved every sandwich and salad we had.  You really can't go wrong here. The only regret I have is not buying one of the bottles of La Sandwicherie secret sauce!  If we ever go back to Miami I will only eat here!
Every sandwich from here is made fresh, exactly how you want it, with generous portions! Almost always a crowd there at any time of the day or night when it is open!
Look at the reviews...They're pretty good. And they're right. I went with the 'Tropical' sandwich. I'm not only impressed by the combo of ingredients, but also the freshness of the produce on the sandwiches. (I'm thinking of taking a few ideas on my homemade sandwiches at home.) This hit the spot. Big thumbs-up for the atmosphere as well. The walk-up counter is very cool, and this is a great place to hang for a convo. The service is great, and they really hustle. So, don't expect more than a short conversation with them. The line is pretty long, and they're moving to satisfy. Extra Mango...Yes! BD
Top spot to eat a decent, affordable lunch. More stars were not given cause, the service can be spotty. The people taking the orders tend to be pricks. Brickell location has much better service. I hit up either location at least twice a week. Their vinaigrette must have crack in it, its's f;ing addicting. Love the prosciutto w/ mozzarella on a croissant or salad. Yummy!
The freshness of all the products, friendly staff and fast service can not be beat when you eat at the La Sandwicherie! And do not forget to ask for Extra "Magic Vinaigrette" secret recipe! I consider my self an expert... customer since 1994!
f you are looking for a great sandwich, with the freshest of breads and ingredients, this is the place. Great smoothies too! A must stop destination for tourists, and a great beach picnic option!
Hands down the best sandwich in Brickell and South Beach. Fresh French Bread + Freshly Cut Meats + Fresh Vegetables = La Sandwhicheria. I thinks actions speak louder than words... Go eat there NOW! PS: Don't be scared to load your sandwich up with their special sauce. It will not let you down!
In my culinary tasting experience what I've learned is Never judge a book by it's cover! This place is a small local joint located on 14th street on Miami Beach. It's a sit down bar sandwich place with outside bar stools. I was prepared  and knew what I wanted: The croissiant on procsiutto and fresh mozerella with tomatoes, pickles and lettuce. Great choice... the croissiant was fresh flaky and buttery, the procsuitto was very good and the mozerella was moist and on point! Was so filling couldnt eat it all!! La Sanswicherie is perfect for a casual bite after a day at the beach or a late night stop. They also have delivery for Miami Beach locals. Theres a reason why this little sandwich shop has been open for more than 20 yrs! Thanks see you guys again. Take care.
I am a creature of habit. When I find a place I like, I stick to it -- and this is one of those places. I have taken numerous, countless friends to eat here and not once has one of my friends not been delighted with the food. Their ingredients taste FRESH -- I mean, the lettuce tastes like it was just brought in off the farm, the cheese is delicious and the bread is NEVER stale. Their sandwiches are just incredible. I have chicken with mozzarella, and I've yet to have a sandwich like that anywhere else in Miami. The kicker to this place is how late it's open! On 14th at the beach, within 10 minutes of some of the most frequented clubs, it's no wonder that this place is usually packed at all hours. The service is quick, and the French people taking your order always have some personality and are quick to crack a joke. Their smoothies are awesome, and believe it or not I have a chocolate shake everytime I go and it is absolutely DELICIOUS. However, there is one downside...their vinaigrette sauce. It is a downside because it is INCREDIBLE. They sell bottles of it. Gods order these bottles and have them served at their parties. It is said Obama was in Miami not too long ago, and 75% of the reason was to personally pickup some of this sauce. If the whole world had this sauce, wars would cease to exist. It is THAT good. My girlfriend and I have to have our own bottles to squirt on our sandwiches because we fight over a shared bottle. It's exceptional! I honestly have no complaints at all about this place. I even consider sending the friend that introduced me to it a bottle of their sauce for Christmas every year -- until I realize that is sauce that I could be having. And then I do.
Yelp's 500+ reviews was dead on!  The food is oh so fresh and delicious!!!  I shared the chicken salad sandwich on croissant and the greek salad with my friend.  The salad was alright but the sandwich was worth the walk in the heat to get to this place.  It's outdoor seating only and it's limited.
Sorry I might come off as a little too critical about La Sandwicherie. A friend had recommended this place to get sandwiches after our visit to the beach. It is actually a cool, chill eatery that almost resembles a nice car train. You order at the front and along the establishment you can sit and eat looking into their work area, almost bar like. All the seats were taken when we visited and instead we ate on the little platforms behind the "bar" seats. I shared the Italian with all the toppings except olives ($10.50) and the Rainbow smoothie. Our order came up almost instantaneously in a silver foil and weighed a good few pounds. Opening it up, it was monstrous! It was stuffed with fresh vegetables and I just couldn't fit the whole sammie into my mouth all at once! However, my impression after the first bite was that there was way too much bread and vegetables. There wasn't a lot of meat and all the vegetables made the sammie very confusing and the meat got lost in them. I've had better sammies in Brooklyn, NY at Lioni's that are even bigger and meatier. The Rainbow smoothie was okay but not that memorable. It wasn't a bad eat but it looked better than it was. A plus is that they take cards.
La Sandwicherie is a place that I first learned about from a friend living in South Beach.  This place really has the freshest and best sandwiches I've been to.  Every time I go to Miami now I have to stop by this place!  The prices are decent for Miami Beach.  The service is so-so.  It feels like they assume everyone should know how to order here.  If the service was friendlier, I'd have to give this place a 5-star! I've seen some folks here mention their other sandwiches, but I have found that the go-to sandwich for me here is the Seafood Sandwich on a Croissant.  It's an additional 60 cents, but totally worth it.  I haven't tried their salads here, but the smoothies are definitely delicious as well.  You get to watch them chop up and serve the fresh ingredients right in front of you.   There's not much room for seating, and it's not a fancy place.  Come here expecting a side-walk eatery... with very fresh ingredients and great sandwiches!
Great, fresh sandwiches prepared instantly in front of you. Lovely owner and good service Loved it
The Bomb sandwiches on the beach if you are a forigner or a local you def need to go here!!!!
Bread is soggy chips are nasty
Yum yum yum! We picked up these sandwiches before our flight back to Cali because everyone said they were to die for! Absolutely right! Even though I got a sandwich without the sauce it was still moist and fresh. To everyone that loves sauce, get extra of their infamous sauce!
As good and fresh made as you can wish for... Just a great little sandwich place, perfect located - especially after being at the beach!
Want a quick sandwich at 1 am? Or perhaps 1 pm.. This is the place. French salami sandwich with Camembert and all the veggies, with house sauce... Amazing. Had it twice in 48 hours. Service is interesting, don't really know the best way to order and wait, but worth every minute. Smoothie was runny and ok, wouldn't order again.
Sooo good! The turkey Brie and avocado is the best! Perfect meal after laying out at the beach all day. Would definitely go back next time I'm in Miami. The greatest part is it's open late too so if you get the munchies in the middle of the night you can always count on a satisfying meal at this French sandwich shop. The food is so good you'll forget how disgusting the bathroom is. But I noticed many restaurants in Miami have disgusting facilities so I overlooked that aspect in this reciew.
After a day at the pool, we walked over here to try La Sandwicherie. La Sandwicherie has serious sandwiches that require two hands, a hungry stomach and a bib. Ordered: *Turkey & Camembert on Wheat: Okay, should've got the croissant. The wheat bread was unimpressive. The camembert was awesomely creamy and delicious which went well with the tanginess of the vinagrette sauce. And the pickled hot peppers were a tasty addition to add a bit of a kick. *Turkey & Salami: I only took a bite of this but it was good (salty as expected) as well. *Bora Bora smoothie: this smoothie has mango, pineapple, banana & orange. loved it. It wasn't overly sweet like Jamba Juice and tasted homemade. I almost wish I ate it there (booth style, first come first serve) so I could drench my sandwich. Service was quick and our order was taken by an obviously french dude which was awesommmeee! French accents ftw. Haha.
Delightful sandwich establishment.  I wish it existed in New York!  The ingredients are super fresh and delicious.  The portions are quite substantial and the prices are great.  I had a mozzarella and proscuitto sandwich on french bread.  The mozzarella was outstanding.  Also, the employees were quite nice and gave me as many soda refills as I wanted.  I love La Sandwicherie!
Honestly wasn't expecting to be impressed by a sandwich bar even with all the review.  It was really good and I would recommend it to anyone.
You have not loved until you have stood in line and eaten one of these to die for subs! The best sandwich in all of south Florida! Don't know why it's not 5 stars What is wrong with some people!?!?
The best sandwich and the best fast eats in South Beach. This tatooed French dude is the owner, I think, as he's been there every time I've gone, and it is basically a French sandwich shop. They come on either these outstandingly soft yet crisp french baguettes or on croissants. They roll out sandwiches with an assembly line precision that every widget factory warden would drool over. All of the deli meats are pre-sliced, fresh daily, and then individually wrapped in single serving packets of plastic wrap, so when you place an order, they just grab a bread, slice 'er open, grab a serving of your meat of choice, and plop it together. Their mountains of fresh veg are uniquely French too, well, they are standard save that they use cornichons instead of regular pickles. They also have really great hot peppers. The last and most distinguishing and awesome feature is their vinaigrette sauce, a creamy and perfectly viscous sauce that they have in squeeze bottles and that they will give to you to heap upon your sandwich. I suggest doing so in large measure. That and their breads make these sammies not only delectable, but one of a kind.
Great sandwich place. They are huge and the French bread is always fresh. Great spot on south beach. They also offer the fast delivery I've ever experienced. Must go to if in Miami beach area.
Yep it's good, fresh and a cool laid back outdoor sandwich stand. I'd be happy to eat there again and again.  I give the "Prosciutto and mozz with everything" two juicy sauce covered thumbs up!
Amazing little spot. Amidst the super pricey restaurants, this little unassuming spot has awesome cheap sandwiches. Ashley waited on me and she's super friendly and was a wealth of knowledge about the area and things to do for our group from out of town. I also came for breakfast - the croissants are huge and amazing! Espresso was also delicious. I'll be back here!
La Sandwicherie is the true definition of a Miami Institution. Before I even lived in Miami, I was made well aware of its existence and its excellence. Their fresh and tasty French sandwiches, served on either a croissant or a French baguette, are some of the best on SOBE. I usually order the turkey and prosciutto with buffalo mozzarella, cornichons, tomato and their AMAZING homemade French vinegarette on a croissant. I also like to order extra vinegarette to go so I can add it to my sandwiches during the week. The thing I like most about La Sandwicherie is the use of simple ingredients to create an incredible feast between bread, and the fact that they are practically opened 24/7. Additionally, the smoothies are very good, especially the "Acai Mambo" which consists of acai pulp, banana, and juice or milk. Au revoir!
A MUST GO... Very nice place for locals or tourists !!!!! To bad they don't have more stools to sit ...
For the last 10 years, I have eaten here when I am in town.  For me, the sandwiches are big enough to be lunch and dinner.  Plus the ingredients are fresh, and they are delicious every time!
The baguettes are SO good here. I asked for a recommendation and got a cheese and vegetable sandwich, warmed up, on a baguette. It was deliciously dripping with their sauce/dressing and the baguette was really fresh and tasty. The smoothies are also really good. I went with a friend who said the croissant was the best he had ever found in the U.S. and got a few to take home (he's from France so I trust his opinion on this). I like the laid-back layout, walk-up window with stools and a counter. Plenty of people watching, if that's your cup of tea.
Excellent spot to stop at after a long night of drinking, also good after a long day of soaking in the sun.  Their signature toppings are the best flavors to add anything to.   I had the duck pate sandwich and it was incredible, I would also recommend their smoothies.   Great little French Spot for locals and tourist.
The absolute best french sit down deli in south beach! i have been eating here for like 10 years. I do not even live in Miami any more, When i visit its a must eat! I have even got my friends hooked on this place. its pricey lik 7.75 for a big sub. 2.00 for a drink. the freshest lettuce you will ever eat, i think he grows it out back lol. the best french cornichons ( pickles) you will eat any where. I bought two jars to take home. Parking is a bitch!
This place is a great bang for your buck. The sandwiches are out of this world. I used to come to the walk up in college and grab subs to fill me up. This is the type of spot that can get you the sandwich you want quickly the way you want it. It is a South Beach landmark. Don't miss this spot if you are visiting.
This place is soo good!! Must try if you're in miami Hands down best place in miami Hours are really good The bread is good The smoothies are fresh The service is good and fast!
I'm not a doctor in anyway, but  the one thing I have to say about this joint is diagnosis DeLiCious!  I went with a couple friends at 1 in the morning and noticed customers were steadily coming and going, so they stayed pretty busy while we ate. I had the Proscuitto and fresh mozzarella on French and it was awesome.  The guy who makes the sub would make any subway sandwich employee look foolish.  This guy shoves all the veggies he can into the sub, slices up the fresh mozzarella balls, stuffs it with proscuitto, and the sub comes out fully loaded like it needs a diet. They also have this magic sauce that's something I've never tasted before, but fantastic! Heard they open until 5 am, and by the crowd we encountered at 1 am, I can tell they have a very eclectic customer base.  Get drunk and then eat one of these sounds good to me!
One fo the first places I tried when I moved to SoBe Only top quality meats, cheeses, and produce used here. I got the turkey and camembert on a french baguette.  It's good size sandwich with practically a mini salad on top. I certainly couldnt' finish it in one sitting, finished it the next day and the topping were still crispy.   Their vinaigrette is awesome, so make sure you put a good dousing on your sandwich. A great meal that you dont feel greasy or guilty after consuming.
My boyfriend and I came here for a quick lunch based on the rave reviews. It was much smaller than I expected (basically just a bar counter outside). It was scorching hot that day so we were grateful for the water mist surrounding the place. It gets pretty busy but the service is very quick and efficient. We decided to split a prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich to share with all the toppings except for onions and olives. We also got a lemonade. The sandwich was huge! If you're not particularly hungry or are a small eater, sharing is the way to go. The toppings were all falling out of the sandwich, making it a little messy to eat. We were also given a bottle of their French vinaigrette (I believe they make this sauce themselves) for our sandwich and we doused our sandwich in this yummy sauce. The bread was crispy and fluffy at the same time. All in all, it was a good sandwich but I'm not exactly dying to come back right away. I would love to try their smoothies though - they all sound delicious!
Got the terminator. Very light and fresh food. Veggies were colorful, the bread was fresh, and the French dressing was light a fulfilling. Nice, quaint spot.... Sandwich cost was $10.80
I have to say, I wasn't that impressed when I first walked up to the place - it was an outdoor shack with misting spray to combat the heat.  I came for breakfast, but only saw lunch-ish options.  So I opted for the egg sandwich and waited a few minutes for the man to finish the sandwich. I ordered it with everything, and by god, it seemed like everything was piled onto this thing.  On top of a beautiful croissant, two sliced hard-boiled eggs, cheese, cucumber, pickles, olives, hot and spicy peppers, and a special creamy sauce.  It was filling, yet seemed like a wonderful light breakfast/lunch.   Delicious.
One of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat on the beach. Sandwiches are all delicious, made with the freshest toppings you can ask for. I go for the turkey, salami, and fresh mozz. Prosuitto and mozzarella is also just as good. Only problem is the very limited seating, only about 12 spots at the walk up bar, and while most of the time there is a very limited wait time during busy times you may be waiting awhile. I've also spotted them delivering to the beach! A must go!
I ordered seafood sandwich or something like that. It was very tasty with lots of ingredients in it. The portion was huge. I was only able to finish half. It's not the cheapest but I think it's definitely worth the price. Now that I'm back from Miami, I still constantly think about that sandwich.
I got their chicken salad sandwich and smoothie. They were both decent. The man taking our order was super rude(ah Miami...) I don't really see how it was any better than Subway. Oh and there's like 8 seats. And it's outside. Nothing to write home about.
Love the sandwiches here. One sandwich is good enough for 2 people, unless the both of you are super hungry.  I like the option of having a croissant sandwich if french bread is too boring.  Even though it's practically in an alley, this sandwich counter/shack can be spotted easily by the crowd hovering around it.  The sandwiches are made to order and they crank them out fast.  There are sparse stools to sit at the counter so you either have to wait or take it somewhere else. We ordered the prosciutto & fresh mozzarella sandwich and the turkey & camembert sandwich.  Both were delicious.  They really pile on the toppings and the cornichons are yummy.
Simple joint, just a few bar stools along a long, narrow counter. I came there with my wife and 2 kids and it was packed and due to limited seating, we weren't going to stick around.  Then my wife saw them bring out a sandwich for another guest and she was not going anywhere.  We had the simple mozzarella sandwich (with all the veggies, pickles, etc.) and it was amazing, their French vinaigrette was like crack!  Servers are super nice too.  Not much for kids food but we were not coming there for them anyway.  My son did have a chocolate chip brownie that was amazing.
It's a cute hole in the way. About 4-5 guys behind the counter. Only one guy was making the orders. They don't skimp on the meat. It's packaged individually, which I think is a no no. The saran wrap is such a waste. It's a huge sandwich, about a foot long. I ordered the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella with everything. I kind of wish I didn't order everything (lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, etc) on it because you can't really taste the prosciutto.
Whether it's 1a.m. or 1p.m., I can come to have my favorite "Exotic salad."  It consists of FRESH (every time) mango, papaya, pineapple, green pepper, olives, turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and their special dressing.  The proportion is very generous! When it's brought out to you, you'll probably  say you won't finish it but you will most likely surprise yourself by coming very close if not finishing it.  Bon appetite!!
Liked the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella on a baguette, but not amazed... I'm a sucker for anything slapped on some baguette.  Turkey and Camembert with all the toppings was ok.  Sandwiches are big and decently priced, but they're too slow at churning them out.   Miami sunset smoothie is refreshing and yummy. Not sure if its worth all the hype, but seems like the best place in South Beach to get a sandwich.  Probably a little better than your average NY deli, but with a French guy behind the counter.
I'm so glad I tried this place. It's a wonderfully unassuming walk-up place that serves up inexpensive, well-made sandwiches. I had a mozzarella sandwich with all the trimmings, which really hit the spot after a morning of rushing around to pack and check out of the hotel. There's no indoor seating or anything, but they have misters over the outdoor stools to keep things nice and pleasant.
after a night out we found delicious food here open all night long
I've been frequenting this place since 1992. Best place ever. Greatest sandwiches. Awesome sauce, and to my surprise I was able to order it to take home! Soon via online ordering too.
This place is great!  It is a small walk up Sandwich Shop/Smoothie Bar.  The ingredients are extremely fresh and delicious!  The sandwiches are huge, enough for two people in most cases, and the croissants are fresh and buttery. This is the perfect place to grab a refreshing snack for the beach.  The only thing I don't like is that it can be hard to get to the counter to place an order as the place is usually packed!
I dream about these sandwiches ever since I left Miami. The fresh banquettes and fresh ingredients, the ambiance, the staff, the cornichons and the dressing/sauce poured on every bite is a must. Amazing!!!  *mouth watering*
Have the French salami with the cheddar cheese!!!!
Holy crap.  Yelp wasn't lying with the rating on this place.  La Sandwicherie was the first place visited upon arriving in Miami.  I love a good sandwich, and when it's complemented with fresh mozzarella and prosciutto and an awesome baguette, I just say shuddup and take my money. I can't stop thinking about this place.  Crack sandwiches.
I f'ing love this place!!! Open 24/7 and is a great hole in the wall place. The sandwiches are fresh and tasty. I deff recommend !!
My Husband and me we love that place! Everything is so Fresh. Love that you can add what you like. And the French baguette just great. And don't forget to try ther Cafe au lait! Yummy. In the morning I love to get the Camambert sandwich - and for a change I get the Prosciutto and Mozzarella. You should go and try it out. As we work just two blocks away we order for take out. So I can not tell much about the Noise Level.
Excellent place for breakfast or a quick snack. Run by an international cast of people, you will think you are on a trip to Thailand eating off a place where backpackers normally would hang out. Clean preparation, big portions, bargain and very friendly stuff, quick as well. Only cons they only have 2 types of bread, the french baguette and croissants, I miss Focaccia or Ciabatta. They also have one tea that is Lipton, no other variety or brands so if you don't drink coffee and you are a tea lover you  are a bit doomed. They have juices though. If you have a back problem take your order away and eat it somewhere else as they only have stools. Overall I would go back as it is a decent place.
This was one of our lunches on a trip to Miami and it was pretty good. We were a bit skeptical because it was a small shack on the corner of a street, but those are the best places to eat! They had seating along a counter and you order in the front. The owner was really nice and friendly, which made for a great meal! We ordered the Italian and a couple of smoothies. The Italian had delicious meats, such as proscuitto, which was amazingly flavorful! My smoothie, the Bora Bora, was perfect for the hot humid weather and a great way to have some fruit intake on my foodie vacation!
First bite: Oh yeah, this is a fresh, tasty sandwich. Second bite: Good grief this is good. FRIEND who brought me here: "What are you doing, you left off the special sauce." Third bite, WITH special sauce: I make When-Harry-Met-Sally orgasm sounds and proceed to eat the entire sandwich without speaking to anyone or breathing properly. So yeah.  Damn good sandwich.  One of the best I've ever had.
Our favorite spot for sandwiches! We drive out to the beach for this place!
This place is the best!! I've ordered just about everything, I usually order on croissants.. and love it all! AND.. they deliver!!  Best sandwich place for sure!! Mmm....
If you want a good hole in the wall sandwich shop, I recommend stopping here.  This place is literally in the side of a building.  All the eating is done in the street and outside on stools.   They have awesome misting equipment to help keep you cool though. This place is definitely a hit with all the locals and south beach elites.  While were were stopped there eating countless flashy cars rolled up to grab there sandwiches.   Anything you get here will be good (I recommend the baguette or the croissant personally).  However one thing you can not miss out on is their personal sauce.     Seriously check this place out for reasonably priced and quick place to eat.
Hole in the wall. The entire place is about 8' wide. There's about 12 barstools and that's it. No seating other than the bar. I liked the vibe. Not sure why it gets one $. My sub was $9. Not cheap. The sub was massive though. I watched the guy make it. It took him 20 seconds. He threw everything in it and then sat on it like overstuffed luggage. It was difficult to eat buy I managed. It was tasty but nothing I haven't had before. I'd go back... But we lucked out with the last 2 seats so if you're not into walking and eating... Move on.
Really, the only place on SOBE to find a decent sandwich on a good baguette (or croissant if you prefer). These guys do it right and consistently. Always fresh, always delish. Lines can be long, so we always call ahead and pick up our sandwiches on our way to a day at the beach or boating.
This place is a cute outdoors cafe.  The serving window faces the outside, where you sit at a counter.  Not sure how French that is, but it's very enjoyable when it's nice outside.  I've tried the prociutto and mozz, plain mozz, and the croque monsieur.  All I have to say is that the mozz sandwich blew my mind!  The others were nice, but the mozz is an incredibly simple sandwich that goes so well with all of their fixings (lettuce, tomato, dressing, olives, etc).
This place is delicious! Fresh ingredients! I had the terminator one night and the Italian another night. Both were great! This a great late night spot. It's cool how it's all outside with barstools you can sit at while you watch your food being prepared. Definitely worth a visit or two or three!
Bonjour! At the time of writing this review, 'La Sandwicherie' has 345 (+1) reviews averaging 4.5 stars. Is there any more that really can be said!? And for a place that's on the BEACH, this is especially impressive. La Sandwicherie is not a place that I would go out of my way and drive to go to. Notwithstanding the fact I live nowhere near the beach, parking is tricky near this spot and seating is severely limited. The best time for their delicious croissant sandwiches would be anytime you find yourself already roaming around on the beach, either day or night. Once mobile, its a pretty short walk from everywhere - even South Beach/South Pointe if you're feeling hearty. Personal favorite: Roast beef and turkey with mozzarella and lettuce on a croissant.  And really, if you're coming to this Frenchy bistro-y spot is it really getting your sandwich made on anything other than a classic, enormous croissant? Speaking of, I usually only eat half now and the other half later, so its really two servings for $6/each making their prices incredibly reasonable. Pair it with some fresh OJ and you're ready for the beach, the drive home, or the trot back to the hotel. Bon Appetit
This is a delicious must go place to eat. Prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich with a homemade vinaigrette dressing. Will definitely make it here again my next time to South Beach! Go here. Period.
What's the big deal? A slightly above average sandwich at a pleasant walk-up counter.
Great hole in the wall in the heart of south beach. Always a great sandwich. You'll definitely leave with a full stomach.
The sandwich is huge and staff are quite funny. Love the smoothie , lots people long queue
Been going regularly on every south beach visit since 1997. I love this place. It's where u can find amazing bites for every mood you might have. A must explore if you visit south beach. Don't miss out!
I'm a big fan of this place. It's small, outside seating. Though, I believe it to be a nice quick spot to sit down and get a real quality sandwich. I highly suggest opting for french cheese on your sandwich.
A friend and I stopped by for a late breakfast and the sandwiches were so big it turned into brunch! The smoothies we ordered were also delicious and made with fresh fruit! We were fortunate to arrive when they weren't busy, so we didn't feel rushed at all eating our lunch at the counter. I would definitely come here again on my next visit to South Beach.
OMG!!! This place. It's perfection. After spending the morning with my fiance walking around 10 blocks on the beach, we worked up an appetite. Our Miami trip was unfortunately pretty short so I did some research before we flew in and had a few options planned regarding where to eat. Well... we found ourselves on the beach and hungry and decided sandwiches sounded great so we decided to go to La Sandwicherie after seeing your great reviews for it. You guys never steer me in the wrong direction. This place was GREAT! It wasn't too far away from where we were on the beach and I loved how casual it was. It's a walk-up beach side bar. The staff was so kind and there are so many options to choose from. I wish I had spent more time in Miami because I probably would have come back here everyday for lunch to try some of the other items on the menu. My fiance and I both got the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwiches on french bread and it was fantastic. The sandwiches were HUGE and packed with the freshest ingredients. I got mine with everything except for mayo and loved it. The vinaigrette was excellent as well! I wasn't able to finish my sandwich because it was huge but I really wish I could have. It was THAT good. I'm still thinking about these sandwiches today and I really can't wait until my next trip to Miami so I can eat these to my heart's content. If you find yourself on South Beach walking around and needing a quick bite to eat, I highly recommend La Sandwicherie! It will not disappoint!
Thank you for being so delicious and open at what appears to be all the time. Whether it is an inebriated 3 AM sandwich craving or a 11 AM brunch, La Sandwicherie definitely hits the spot and is very affordable. It's consistently tasty with huge portions. I've never had a problem with wait time but I think that really depends on the time of day. This simple sandwich stand is very close to the beach and the clubs so it's at a convenient location and great for people watching.
Fresh sandwhiches great fast service
Brilliantly run sandwich bar - just a block from Ocean Drive and worth every step. Do yourself a favor and try it!!
After walking a mile to the place, got the roast beef and turkey which was awesome ! The smoothies were fresh and soothing for the humidity.
OK
Fantastic little french sandwich place in south beach. It's decently priced, the sandwiches are bignand the ingredients are fresh and delicious. If you're in a hotel nearby, its the perfect breakfast place for a sandwich and a smoothie.
I absolutely love this place! I have not been to the actual location yet, but I live & work on the beach, & I always have food delivered. My favorite menu item is the "SoBe Club" on wheat bread, & for desert a soft delicious brownie ! The delivery drivers are always very speedy. I defiantly recommend this spot to locals & tourists alike!
Great sandwiches! Fast and no fuss service. I couldn't live without their prosciutto with fresh mozzarella, fresh baguette and cornichons that pops in your mouth. And yes, the sauce! Coming from NY, it's hard to find great sandwich spots! And yes, New Yorkers, they are open 10am to 5am!
Perfect
Smoked salmon on croissant was heavenly... Something made the sandwich extremely fresh and yummy. And Bora-Bora shake was really really good too. We regretted not buying more for breakfast the following day!
From what i remember.. and it probably wasn't much being that it was 4 in the morning and my friends and I were VERY hungry.. these sandwiches were delicious!! On our first night in miami we walked to this spot after a night of fun for a midnight snack.. the sandwiches are pretty decent in size.. i ended up saving half of it and taking it back to eat the next day.. my friend devouring it the next morning probably adds to the fact that it was a good sandwich...
La Sandwicherie was an excellent place for lunch. We got there and were lucky enough to grab a barstool right around noon. I had the prosciutto and mozzarela with everything on it. Everything tasted fresh, including the bread. Dip it in their own french dressing and you've got a great sandwich. Oh, and the place is fun to watch in action during lunch. The person making/slicing sandwiches was a machine... I'm pretty sure he didn't stop the entire time we were sitting there.
I'm glad I came back so that I could share in the positive feelings so many have for La Sandwicherie. My first visit here nearly ended up in flames -- I was gonna burn the place down. Either that or I was going to settle my differences with the sandwich makers in a decidedly (Bugs Bunny) French way: I would slap them with a glove... that housed a brick. Y'see, I waited for 40 minutes  -- and watched people who came after me get their food and leave -- just to get my food (not including the time I waited just to be waited on). And, when I was waited on, I was treated in such a brusque manner, I was left speechless. In fact, during my order, the fellow who was waiting on me, got up and tended to someone else as I was in mid-sentence. Insult was deftly added to injury when I was overcharged for the madness. The sandwich I received needed to be the best I'd experienced in life. It wasn't. Look, if Grant Achatz can put together a ball of nuclear fusion and serve it in a daffodil in 20 minutes, there's no reason why an over-charged Subway sandwich should take 40. It -- and the awful, dismissive service -- is inexcusable. I thought I'd never be back. Fast forward some months and I had co-workers in town, co-workers who had heard of LS and were hankering for a sandwich. Oh boy. Being the gracious host I am, I led my intrepid group north on Collins, turned right on 14th and prepared for obnoxiousness and a time suck. I received neither. Instead of the emos I had back in the spring, this new visit revealed a chatty, smart-assed Frenchman who engaged my group, took our orders quickly, gave suggestions, and was helpful. The simple fact that he wasn't rude was all I needed. The rest was gravy. This time, I gladly ordered a prosciutto and mozzarella over-sized sandwich (hold the mayo) with the famous vinaigrette, lots of those tart little pickles, enough veggies to sooth the most rabid of vegans, and layers after layer of salty, silky prosciutto coddled by clouds of wet cheese. This was a sandwich worth waiting for... and I didn't even wait that long for it. In fact, I was in a group of four. We all ordered sandwiches and smoothies (I got the Sunset with raspberries, mango, orange, and papaya) and got out there in 15 minutes. I'm going to chalk up my initial visit as an aberration and proceed with caution... but i think LS just may be alright.
Food is great, prices are great, service is great, what more can you ask?
Terrible customer service. We called with a list of six things we wanted delivered (after trying to order on the website, which was down) and the guy said, "Can you call back when you know what you want, I've got a full bar here." This comment was ridiculous considering we had written everything down and were simply relaying the info. We called pizza dude instead.
This place was down the street from our Hotel and we just happened to come across it as we where coming back from a wild night on the town. The outside seating and good music drew us to it. It was pretty inexpensive and convenient. It is also open pretty late if not all night which is great if you want a late night snack that you wont regret the morning after. We all ordered sandwiches on french baguettes as they where out of croissants by the time we got there. They where all great as each one of us got a different kind. The vegetarian of us was impressed with the amount of options/sandwich combinations without meat. Lots of fresh veggies and the sandwiches where served with a bottle of a mustard type vinaigrette that was a great dipping sauce. We only went once, however every time we walked by throughout the whole trip it always had people sitting outside.
I'm actually glad that the Sandwicherie does *not* have a shop near where I work, or else I'd go too often, and that wouldn't be a good thing, as I'm sure these sandwiches pack more of a caloric punch than a Subway chicken breast footlong. Roast beef and Camembert has been my go-to (thanks Eve); I order it with everything on it except, of course, mayonnaise. It's a "pretty" sandwich, overflowing with greens, peppers, cornichons, just all kinds of stuff. You're basically getting a salad in between your bread. The most inconsistent variable here seems to be the bread. The first sandwich I ever ate from here was indeed on some pretty hard and crusty bread. It was difficult eating, and I got bread crumbs all over myself. Very attractive, to be out at a bar covered in bread crumbs. Oh yeah, this shop delivers all over South Beach until 10PM. But back to the bread - subsequent sandwiches I've ordered have not had this issue, which leads to me to believe that much of the time the bread is fine, but occasionally, unfortunately, you'll get a less-than-fresh loaf. I'll knock off a star, because whoever's making the sandwich should be able to notice this before it gets to the sandwich-eater. The famed vinaigrette is not very vinegar-y - it's much more dijon-heavy, so keep that in mind before you slather it all over your sandwich. Though I certainly recommend doing so if you're cool with dijon. I must be a fan, because even with all the other options available on the Beach, I keep ordering from this place. Now, I have not yet found a beer that pairs well with the sandwich I order.......but I'm working on it. I'll get back to you on that one.
Wasn't feeling it. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. A local suggested I get any sandwich, so I did. Got all the fixings I like, didn't seem like anything special. It was big, but the taste was nothing to write home about. Bread was pretty good. The counter was also fully crowded and they only have about 10 seats so we weren't sure if we were going to be able to sit down or not when we ordered.
This place receives a lot of rave reviews and I cannot understand why. I had the roast beef and there was hardly any sauce, just a ton of cold vegetables stuffed between thick, bland, un-toasted bread with a soft crust. What is there to like about this place? Maybe everyone just comes here wasted, late at night, when everything tastes great.
If you're ever in Miami, you MUST visit La Sandwicherie.  It's a fun atmosphere, right off the main street.  All of the ingredients are fresh (especially the avocado!) and their "special sauce" aka vinaigrette absolutely delicious!  There's not a lot of seating, but everyone there is understanding that being crowded is just part of the experience.  The owner was very friendly and made sure to give every customer personal attention.  The SOBE Club was perfect and I wanted to savor every bite.  My friends and I visited on the last couple days of our vacation and wanted to go back for multiple meals before heading back home.  A must while in Miami!
!Ooh La La...La Sandwicherie is the BEST place for great salads and sandwiches . Fresh ingredients! Delicious homemade vinaigrette dressing. Great smoothies. They will deliver to you on the beach(The sand) or sit at the little counter and soak up the local characters who make this colorful town what it is. I love their salami and brie with everything! Yum! Open till 5am
Great Sandwich Spot!! Delicious and fresh!! Outside seating is pain though..
Yummm. After a hot day in the Miami sun this sandwich shop was such a good find. Super fresh ingredients in interesting combinations. I got the Tropical sandwich: avocado, fresh mozzarella, mango, pineapple, olives... A summer explosion in my mouth. They also make a mean smoothie.
I can dig it. Simple and Good. I had a pretty delcious chicken, brie, lettuce, and onion sandwich. it came on decent sized slap of french bread that was toasted to perfection. But what stood out the most was the signature french vinagret. really tangy and almost spicy. Great place to grab a quick bite on those early beach days. do it.
This little shop tucked into an alley can easily make a case as the best sandwiches in all of Miami Beach, and for me personally one of the best sandwiches I had all year, anywhere. It's a rare occasion when I wake up with a hangover and actually want something "healthy" tasting instead of something fried, but knowing this place exists would quickly change my mind in that regard. Considering how cheap these sandwiches are though, I could eat here almost every day if I worked nearby and never get tired of the relatively limited offerings (about half a dozen + 1 hot plate). The smoothie and shake list (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) isn't quite as huge as say Smoothie King or Jamba Juice, but it's got enough different options to please just about anyone, and even the additives it's that's your thing too. Most importantly, it's all real fruit and you can watch them mix it right in front of you. I went with a Bora Bora smoothie (yelp.com/biz_photos/phZB…) to start, while I waited on them to finish making my sandwich, and I was really pleased with the combination of mango, banana, pineapple, and orange. The nice thing was that, even with 3 relatively sweet fruits, the mellowness of the banana prevailed and provided a nice base for the other flavors to meld into. Once I had gotten about a quarter of the way through my smoothie my sandwich arrived on a wonderfully fresh croissant (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…), which for just 85 cents is most definitely worth the upgrade. It was hard to pass up some of their other options like the prosciutto and mozzarella, or the Croque Monsieur (one of my favorite sandwiches), but for some reason the turkey and Camembert combination was beckoning me, and when it arrived topped with lettuce, tomato, green peppers, and cornichons (yelp.com/biz_photos/phZB…) it was a feast for the eyes long before you ever got to taste it. You quickly forget how magnificent it looks though once you start tearing into it, and even though it's piled so high the croissant can barely keep it together, every bite of that marvelous turkey and Camembert together gives you sheer bliss. As simple as this sandwich is, it is really flawless, and what an unexpected difference the cornichons make in the flavor profile...why don't more places include these inside the sandwich? Most importantly, the freshness of all the ingredients really stands out, from the ripeness of the tomato to the crunch of the green pepper, there is no doubt you're getting your $8 worth here. I really can't sing the praises of this spot, which is essentially just a counter that's even thoughtful enough to include a misting system (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…) since your only option is to dine outside. I don't think any of the employees here are native English speakers, mostly French, if I recall (they even sell their homemade French dressing to go), but it doesn't prevent them in the least from providing friendly and efficient service to everyone. And to fulfill those late night cravings they're even open til 5AM, with delivery up to 10PM!
Good sandwich shack but I give it 3 stars because i think its a bit pricy.  Think $10 a sandwich after tax. And service took forever. Like 20-30 min to get your sandwich. There were about 10 people there at the time. At least the good thing here was that sandwich is big.  They sure do not go cheap on the ingredients.  I had the turkey and roast beef. They put in a lot of meat but way too much veggies and cheese. At times the veggie taste was completely overshadowing the meat because you just get a mouthful of it.  No toasted option here.   Truthfully, the sandwich was OK.  I've had better sandwiches at Ike's Place here in San Francisco. But Le Sandwicherie is a convenient place to grab a tasty to-go sandwich to eat at the beach.
I was visiting Miami and decided to walk over from the hotel to this eatery. I'm from OC so the idea of walking was pretty foreign and I was skeptical once I saw that this place was outdoors in August (no air conditioning - ACK!) BUT THEN... My god, this was a damn good meal. I had the Camembert and my friend got the salami and mozzarella (came up with this combo on my own) and it was so good that even when I was full, I wanted to order another to go. The owners were great and conversed with us and told us about the various celebs that came in to eat. If they opened one is LA, they would be insta-famous. GUARANTEED. If you are feeling for something fresh and subtle, go to La Sandwicherie! I just want one here in OC and I will keep the business open. Fresh ingredients, wonderful pairings, amazing taste, great ambience, gawd. JUST GET IN MY BELLY!
This place puts Subway to shame. You gotta love a place that's open at 2 AM on a Tuesday and willing to give you delicious and fresh sandwiches for a decent price. They had a variety of toppings to choose from and had a house sauce that was to die. Definitely going back.
Best sandwiches on the planet!  Quality is consistent over all the years I've been coming.  The vinaigrette is to die for, bread is fresh- perfect baguette.  Service is fantastic!  You absolutely can not lose with anything on the menu, but my favorite is sauccison sec on baguette with everything but mayo.
Delicious!!! We come here at least twice a month and I'm always satisfied. I would opt for the $1 up-charge for a croissant.  The sandwiches are great for sharing too, well at least for someone that eats like me. You'll know what I mean when you order.
Seriously obsessed with this place. Anytime I'm in Miami Beach (or let's be honest.. Anywhere relatively close) I have to stop by here for a turkey & brie on a croissant.. The vinaigrette dressing is to die for.. Dijon heaven.   Side note: cornichons are the cutest pickles ever.
The food is great.  The sandwiches are made to order.  The refills are free. What makes this place stand out in my mind is that it is the perfect lunch get away on the beach.  Coming with friends from work just to sit outside and watch the people and the sun makes me forget for that brief moment that I am wearing a suit, or that I have hours left back in the office.  It allows me the belief that I am on a day off, that after lunch I will walk to the ocean, stand in the water, and decidee wether to dive in or not.   It is the day dream that comes with lunch at this counter that makes the visit worth the trip.
Stopped here on my last morning in South Beach. Was really hoping they had a breakfast option but I didn't see anything but a hard boiled egg sandwich. But I got a ham, turkey and Swiss on a croissant. The guy also talked me into a cappuccino even though I'm usually a black coffee kind of guy. Well the cappuccino was great and so was the sandwich. I just I'd known how big the sandwich was going to be so my wife and I could have shared. The croissant was so good. I loved the street bar style of the restaurant.
The best sandwiches in Miami, no question. Super fresh everything and great mustard vinaigrette, even if you don't think you like mustard or vinaigrettes give this one a try.
Staying at a Hotel nearby and place was conveniently close. Great sandwiches! Service was friendly too. Cheap in price!
Amazing food wow so fresh and tasty!  Super healthy and their source is to die for always coming back and recommended to everyone that's is around the area!!!!!
These are hands down the best sandwiches in South Beach. I recommend dousing your sandwich with the dressing, it is phenomenal. I always get the fresh mozzarella sandwich because it is awesome!! I love the little outdoor stand atmosphere. And I love the cute guy that works there and calls me freckles :) The bread is always perfect and veggies are always flavorful and fresh. Perfect place for a quick meal.
Great sandwich, generous toppings and great service. Both the roast beef and prosciutto sandwich were amazing.
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon, not a long wait. Ordered: Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella - really good! Actually craving this while writing this review also tried the Ham Turkey and Salami sammy - There was too much going on here. The pickles and tomato threw off the salty taste of the sandwich. I'd definitely come back for the prosciutto sammy!
First meal on South Beach in 1993. If I am lucky, someday it will be my last. Salami and provolone is my favorite mixed with an occassional Turkey with Camembert. Someday I will get Olivier to immitate Henri from Cheers and say, "Hey Woody, I'll steal your girlfriend!"
Best thing happened last Saturday when I got to the beach early in the morning to catch some rays. As I lay there awaiting the return of my company with some breakfast, a Sandwicherie treat fell in my lap like a blessing from above. That thing was huge! All kinds of veggies and fresh mozzarella slapped between a lofty sized french bread baguette, exactly what my stomach needed to prepare itself for a day of drinking and sun bathing! Best part about it was going back and eating the half  that we had preserved in our coolers at the end of the day (which could've seriously been another sandwich on its own)....probably the best option for a well balanced beach meal.
Saw reviews for this place prior to going to Miami for vacation  and decided it seemed like a good place to grab a bite to eat. This place blew me away! I ordered the Roast beef and turkey sandwich, and it was absolutely delicious! All the ingredients were so fresh, it was like they had just picked it and cut it in front of me, and the meat in the sandwich didn't have that slimy or weird texture that some deli meats can get and their house sauce/vinaigrette perfectly compliments the taste of the sandwich. Another plus is that my sandwich was made basically as i was ordering it! Service was very quick, nice, and rather witty. I find myself craving a sandwich from here, too bad I'm 1,000 miles away!
After narrowly avoiding being royally scammed out of a few hundred bucks at La Baguette and the other sidewalk annexing restaurants on the miami beach strip, we googled best eats in miami beach and found reviews for this place on yelp to be quite good. We made the trek to the bar and arrived just before the lunch hour rush. We got seats and ordered waters. I ordered the ham and turkey on baguette with mayo and all the fixens. It was incredible, and only $9. Everything on the menu is under $10 and when paying for my girlfriend and I, the server just rounded our order down to 50 cents. I love restaurants that do that. We got our sandwiches quick and despite the french service the owners were refreshingly delightful. Tl;dr This is one of the very few good places to eat in miami beach. It was one of the best sandwiches I've had. Service is sassy and to the point but quick and respectful. Final word: A must eat.
Talk about a plan that works! These guys just keep making the best sandwiches and salads. And I keep coming back for more. My personal favorite: Turkey and Brie on a Croissant. However, that's not to say that they don't have something for everyone. Go check it out! And also, BUY THE DRESSING! You won't be dissappointed.
After watching Inception on a Saturday night  we got the munchies and personally did not feel like sitting down to eat. So....i pondered what to eat that was quick, not fried, and something that didn't include the phrase value meal. This lil place popped in my head we made the journey from Lincoln RD to the Sandicherie. The traffic was insane and the people out and about SOBE was insane also. I haven't seen it this packed in a while. We both got the Salami and provolone sandwhich on baguette with a mix of greens. Final verdict. 2 thumbs up!!! And thats all i have say about that. : )
my boyfriend and i ate here twice. do yourself a favour and go here for late night eats or for take out for the beach.  fast, fresh, delicious and cheap!  we had the salami and provolone sandwich both times - which we shared because us canadians cannot handle your enormous US portions :-) We were able to snag stools at the counter both times as people tend to eat quickly and then leave but it does get pretty busy at times. but don't let any line-up deter you - their employees prepare the food at lightening speed.
Love all of the staff and their food is always great no matter what you order.
Ive been going to the South Beach location since they opened. Nothing more needs to be said, it is what it is. This place is the best.
This place is a sandwich bar. If your eyes let you be the judge of whether you are going to sit and eat, most probably you wont. The place its small, its a bar looking type of establishment, and you kind of have to wait for a seat. This place is always full so i had to see what the fuzz was all about. This place has to be one of the very few places were Ive ever had such a complex sandwich. I personally tried the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich with everything in it. OMG... I know its hard to rate a sandwich because you can pretty much get it anywhere. But its not the sandwich itself or the french baguette. The ingredients were very fresh, the mozzarella was moist and complemented the prosciutto very nicely. I accompanied that with their tropical smoothie. I left very satisfied but not overly full which its great, it was a light meal yet a massive sandwich.
Cheap sub shop, fresh, good quality. Dressing on sandwich is their own vinaigrette and its tasty.   Great bang for your buck,  perfect for lunch. Just keep in mind its a sandwich shop and you will leave happy.  I went there 4 times in 4 days and would definitely go back.
I've been going to this place for years. Very casual spot in South Beach. Great sandwiches and salads. Don't miss out on their famous dressing. They also deliver.
BEST SANDWHICHES IN TOWN ALERT!!! You have not lived until you have eaten here. First, their french bread is delish and always soft. Secondly, their selection of vegetables keep the sandwhich light yet crispy. They have shredded carrots, cucumbers, peppers, onions, and french dill pickles ( if you like pickles, I personally detest them ) Last but CERTAINLY not least, their French dressing on top is what makes the sandwhich really stand out. There is nothing like it, I am a BIG CHEESE LOVER so I have a natural respect for the endless supply of fresh mozzerella cheese. These guys stay open LATE, until 6am so no matter the hour YOU SIMPLY CANNOT GO WRONG EATING HERE! Also, the salad selection is amazing too. I like the one with hard boiled eggs. I really enjoy this place and their hours. I would take the whole gang here for a bite!!
Awesome sandwiches!  3 sandwiches fed a family of four and still had a half sandwich left over. Very fresh ingredients and quick service
This place looks like a hot dog stand with no inside seating.  Just a counter that you walk up to and a few stools.  The bread is french, crisp and flakey on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Complete selection of meats and all the fresh toppings you can think of.  I always order a turkey with everything.  What makes their sandwich is a perfectly concocted mixture of olive oil, veg oil, dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar and some other secret ingredients.  This place is a must whenever in Miami.
Good sandwiches. They are not stingy on the ingredients, which I love. I was full off of 1/2 my sandwich.
Holy crap! Amazing baguette sandwiches, with huge piles of Brie and fresh ingredients! My French girlfriend approves.
My issuse with La Sandwicherie is that every time I go, I spend $10-$12 on a sandwich and drink and it's good.... but not great.  I always leave feeling that I could make whatever I just had at home.  If you need a quick bite and don't mind spending a few bucks, go for it, but also remember there are many other south beach lunch spots in the area.
The prosciutto mozarella sandwhich is the main reason I go.  I've had a few of the smoothies and salads which was alway mediocre. For something cheap and relatively quick it's good. Sometimes when they get a bigger crowd they can only handle so much.  They ae open late too which is nice.
I sort of screwed up by not ordering the toasted prosciutto and mozzarella with some pesto. Not because I read about it in other reviews, but because I saw some go by tonight and they looked and smelled incredible. I was very happy with my selection although I will say the Croque Monsieur is somewhat uninspired. The vibe at La Sandwicherie is all good. No complaints about the seating. A sit-down restaurant with tables would harsh my mellow. ahhahahahaha...
I ate at this amazing shop almost every day until I got serviced by a man named Aki. I ordered food for delivery, arrived in an hour- ok, fine. The sandwich was not what we asked for so I drove it back to La Sandwicherie and explained myself to Aki. He split the sandwich with his bare fingers, goes through it piece by piece, tells me its correct and asks me if I want the sandwich back after he rampaged through it. I obviously said no and asked either for a refund or a new sandwich that should have been delivered correctly in the first place. He throws the split open sandwich in te trash and tells me I have to pay for a new one or he can give me the one in the trash for free...I have no words and was never refunded back. What a bad image for a great shop. Never will I ever eat there again. Aki needs to go.
Best sandwiches ever. We ate here for lunch almost every day of our vacation. Its a tiny place and has bar seats by the ordering windows, so if you want to have a seat, you will likely have to wait 10-15 mins (but its worth it).
This place is quintessentially Miami. No visitor should ever miss out on La Sandwicherie. You can stare straight over the lunch counter at a million fresh and delicious ingredients that are dripping in their perfect Vinaigrette. The servers are generous, fun, and sweet--making this place a diamond in the rough (the rough being Washington avenue....gross).
Best sandwiches on South Beach!
So...we may have visited twice in one day. Once for a beach snack, and once for a late night snack.  It is actually that good and inexpensive. First stop, we shared the roast beef sandwich with all the vegetable toppings + tons of Vinaigrette. I am a big fan of their Dijon based vinaigrette- I never thought to put it on EVERYTHING before, but it may happen now.   Bora bora smoothie was great, although I didn't get much of it because my companion drank it all before I got a chance. Late night stop for the Croque Monsieur and salad.   Perfectly melted cheese. Good quality comfort food late night or any time during the day. MMM- more cornichons please!
yummmmyyyyy
Good ingredients, Speedy service, and a portion big enough for two people to share.  I doubt I could add anything that hasn't already been mentioned in the previous 300 reviews, but after perusing through some of the places I visited in Miami I noticed a review that sounded similar to what I was going to write, something that needs to be repeated. I was charged $20 (not twenty even, but right around there) for one sandwich and one smoothie.  The only notice about an auto-grat was for the late night crowd.  I probably should have said something at the time, but we just got off the plane, drained.   Maybe they list the prices in euros, and we aren't paying close enough attention.
Not cheap,But worth every penny.Best sandwich joint in Miami.My opinion.We work on the beach and We've been enjoying this subs for years.
I wish we had this in LA. My favorite sandwich place on the planet. Get the Turkey-Brie or Prosciutto-Mozzarella. Everyone I've told to go here has said it's amazing and they go multiple times when they're in Miami. They also deliver. Shame on you if you go to Miami and don't try this place!
La Sandwicherie had me at the cornichons. The vinaigrette had a similar intoxicating power. For oversized sandwiches chock full of fresh ingredients in South Beach, look no further.
Honestly, probably the best sandwich shop I've been to. If you're familiar with Bay Cities in Santa Monica, CA, this place is much better. The bread is great and all the ingredients are fresh as they get. Highly recommended.
I can honestly say without shame that I've never been to this establishment sober. Which is fine by me because I'm sure my Turkey sandwich with the works would be just as good if I wasn't seeing double. Always open, always good, friendly and fast staff, a definite for stumbling out of the Deuce and needing something good to soak up those 2 for 1 double Jameson's.
What more can I say about this spot that hasn't been said? simply AMAZING!!! HUGE sandwiches, REASONABLE prices, AMAZING seafood sandwich, FRESH toppings and bread, ORRRRRRRRRRGASMIC VINEGRETTE DRESSING (that i replace mayo with AND get an extra side order of), AMAZING TURKEY sandwich...get the sandwich with EVERYTHING in it, amazing cornichons, amazing, amazing, amazing. sigh omg. i would go back to Miami, JUST for this little shop. the only reason I haven't given it a 5 is because I only tried it once and haven't tried all of the sandwiches yet!
I don't understand what is all the fuss is about that place , the food is nothing special  and they could use the few tips from Subway  , I felt like  ate a loaf of yesterday's bread and did not fill any chicken inside!
YES!!! Even the salads are great!!
Okay, so 3.5 stars, to be fair, I had a sandwich that was more to the Biff's taste than mine. The service here is awesome. People that work at this stand are so personable. The fresh smoothies? Perfect for a day off the beach. The sandwiches? All of my friends were enamored. For me it was a big meh. Nothing too amazing. Sure, the bread was better than Subway's, but to me there wasn't much else that gave this particular sandwich that extra zing. I will be back next time and try again though.
Not sure why anyone would go to subway over this place. The prices are the same, and everything is fresher and much better quality.  Sandwiches are huge, and run from $5.30- $8.00. They have the most amazing dressing that they add to the sandwiches kind of a dijon mustard style sauce. This place has been here forever. I been coming for 12 years now. I have not found a sandwich in the area that compares to this place. I usually take out because they only have seats outside, and they have very few so they are hard to come by. Ask for the french pickles they are actual whole gherkin sized pickles, and they are delicious! Sandwich types :roast beef, turkey, salami, cheese, fresh mozzarella, tuna, vegetarian, chicken, salami, camebert,pate, prosciutto, smoked salmon, seafood. Toppings : lettuce, onion, black olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, green & hot peppers, french pickles, mayo, vinaigrette Bread : white or croissant
Great place to pick up a nice sandwich. The sandwiches are huge, fresh and delicious. It's an expensive sandwich but it's totally worth it. The only problem is that it's only take out... You can eat there but it's not the best option to savour your sandwich unless you are in a hurry!.
This could be the one and only reason that South Beach FL is as popular as it is. This sandwiches shop is run by a bunch of French guys, rude, crude, but who cares. I eat there everyday I'm in town. Don't miss this !!!!!!!!! French salami with everything, wow.
So I heard the hype. And I wasn't really buying it. The sandwiches are not any special mix of magical, rare ingredients. They are pretty standard deli sandwiches. But, dear god, they are amazing! They are just the freshest sandwiches that make you feel good when you eat them. The combo of vegetables, fresh meat, and... Oh yeah, and a homemade sauce that you want to bath in. Yes, bath in! This sauce changed my life. When you try it, you will know. This sauce pulls everything together and makes this sandwich come to life. The bread is also just perfectly crunchy, to boot!
I don't understand all the amazing reviews for this place. I don't think the sandwiches are that amazing. They're good, but not like, "OMG you have to visit this place when you go to Miami!". Got what the yelpers recommended (mozarella and brie sandwich) with the vinaigrette and I still didn't see why it was so amazing. At this point, I think I realized why people who live in Miami were in such great shape...the food really is just mediocre. And it's fine that it's mediocre...but I was incredibly disappointed. The sandwich guy who made it was really nice and I enjoyed sitting in such a casual setting, getting my food quick, and just enjoying the weather (a plus that it's right next to the beach). But I really don't get the hype. I even read about this place in a magazine!
I loved this place so much that I went twice during my recent vacation to South Beach. I had the ham & turkey w/swiss on French bread loaded with everything and topped with the tasty spicy French dressing.  This sandwich was freakin' huge and a great price point to-boot.  I washed my meal down with a delicious smoothie; the Rainbow. Seating is very limited but who needs seating with the beach being a short walk away. The service was speedy and even served up with a little stingy attitude which I didn't mind. Yeah, they were curt but in a snarky cutesy kinda way and I found it entertaining. They were even playing back to back Edith Piaf during my dinning experience. Will return for sure.
Was one of my daughter's favorite resturants she ate here everyday until she got food poisioning from the tuna salad.
Cash only. Walk up order to take out. There are a few stools to sit on but it's usually packed. On my most recent visit I went with Turkey & Salami on a Croissant... Delicious. The Croissant is so soft and buttery and the French vinaigrette sauce generously doused on, this marriage really made the whole thing. I added tomato, cucumber, lettuce, bacon and avocado... I was hungry, judge away! Nothing better could have hit the spot like this huge, tasty sammie did. It was messy to eat because it was piled high but I enjoyed every bite. For something as simple as a sandwich, too many places get it wrong so when I come across a spot that does it above and beyond, I rave! mmmmm now I am HUNGRY!
I went to this place during my vacation in Miami. I went to the South Beach location. I love the how the place was arranged. It's very relaxing. It's set up as a bar w/ mist of water spraying to your face. Due to the hot and humid weather in Florida, this is a great place to sit and rest after a long day of walking. I had the Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella on french bread. Their vinaigrette is delicious! I kept adding more to my sandwich. It gives the sandwich a unique taste. I love it! They also have a juice bar. I had the "Bora Bora" which has mango, banana, pineapple & orange. The drinks are all made fresh. It's very healthy and delicious. Especially the weather in Miami, this can help replenish you're body. They also serve very fast!! I would definitely go here again, I wish I bought a bottle of their vinaigrette though.
Once seated, we were instantly served by the owner who gladly spoke french with us. I ordered a turkey and camembert sandwich with all the fixings. The sandwich was pretty tasty and there was a plenty to eat. What I didn't like was the location, a disgusting alley filled with cars. In addition, seating is limited so thankfully we were able to be seated instantly.
Tasty sandwiches and salads. Staff was very nice and friendly! Will definitely stop by when in town.
The misters outside near the windows intrigued me as I walked past to the beach.  I was pulled back by all of the reviews and I'm glad I stopped. This is a neat little sandwich place that is probably 4 feet by 20 feet.  I was impressed at the dance the workers do inside the tiny place.   Beware, there is limited seating.
I want to know what is in that vinaigrette because I would put it on everything and eat it every day. And the spicy pickles....!!!! Ahhhh, so good. We went here for sandwiches for the beach while staying in Miami. Epic, huge sandwiches, spilling over with very fresh ingredients. MMMMMMMMM. Even if there is a line, you should wait because its worth it.
Excellent sandwiches. I had a smoked salmon sandwich with everything and they do mean everything. Great mozzarella. Really enjoyed it. This is a hole in the wall but it is a must for lunch in Miami Beach.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Everytime i'm in South Beach I make it a point to stop here, multiple times.  This time my best friend even asked me to bring her favorite sandwich home for her.
Ya, it's just a sandwich joint, but YUMMY! First this place is open super late which is great but it's also one of the best deli sandwiches I've ever had. The reason is because: (1) The ingredients taste SO fresh and (2) They combine interesting ingredients together to add oomph to the sandwich. I was boring and I just got the turkey and brie sandwich. But it was so good. My husband got one with avocado on it and he loved it. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because (1) The location has very limited seating and (2) The guy making the sandwiches is all alone (at least when I went). Although he's a machine and has sandwich making down to a science, I think it would have helped if the place employed one more person to help (or at least take orders/payments while one made the magic).
This is the right place to get a filling sandwich in the Miami Beach area.  It's unique, for sure.  I wasn't expecting it to be essentially a permanent food stand with bar seating, but no big deal.   I had the bora bora smoothie, but I wouldnt get it again.  In general, I am not a big fan of bananas in smoothies since they tend to be too prominent of a flavor.  I gave it a shot since it was recommended, but nah. My husband and I split the huge turkey and camembert sandwich on a croissant.  It was jampacked with veggies, which I love, but they kind of overpowered the deliciousness of the brie and turkey.  I think I'd get it simpler next time and ask for less veggies.  I loved the cornichons though, as well as their famous tangy sauce in a bottle to drizzle on each bite. Service was friendly, and it was cool to hear some French accents.  Not that that's important or anything.  Overall, a good place to get a sandwich.
I came here to see what the hype was all about... ehh... didn't live up to it. Paola tells me it was just a bad night for them, but what else do I have to base it off of? The bread is supposed to be fresh and great, but it wasn't... at all... Theirs were rock hard actually. At least mine was edible? lol. As for the actual sandwich, i should have known better than to go with what a skinny guy orders... My friend got the chicken sandwich, and he was talking it up. So of course, I ordered it too. At times I forget, I eat so much unhealthier than everyone, hahah. The chicken was white meat and dry. I didn't have time to read reviews, but next time, I'll try something more to my preferences. Gotta find the fat guy reviews on here!
Bottom line: Great sandwiches for an affordable price, very close to the center of South beach. Very good smoothies. The service is quick and friendly. I will definitely try and go back. The pros: The sandwich variety is wide. The ingredients are fresh. The suggestions are useful. We had one chicken salad and one camembert sandwich (the camembert on a croissant). Both were excellent and rich with vegetables and flavor. They were also very large and satisfying. We are of the belief that the bread makes the sandwich. The bread and croissant were very good. The cons: There are none, really. The only (petty) con is that I did have a better sandwich in the past. This was near Hurst castle in California. There it was just better and surprising as we received a nice pickle and chips or Doritos in the package. Just because of that I would give 4.5 stars. Otherwise it is really a 5.
took the advice of Yelp reviews tried this place out.ordered a turkey on the baguette was not impressed the turkey  lacked flavoring so did the bread.The portion of the sandwiches are good so no complaint there. Only thing that brought the sandwich to life was the French salad dressing.
Okay, this place deserves to be known as one of the hidden gems of Miami Beach!  If it wasn't for one of my best friends wanting to go to the beach and then craving a seafood croissant sandwich, I would have never eaten here. Good place for food. However, be prepared to stand or take your food to go because seating is very limited. I think there were overall about twelve seats because all the seats, which are outside, line up along the diner.  A good place to relax! In regards to the food, I ordered a customized smoothie. I don't remember the exact ingredients I chose, but it consisted of pineapple, coconut milk, and a bunch of healthy goodness. Overall, it cost around $5-$6 which is a little bit too much for a drink considering that I drank it in less than five minutes. It's not a thick smoothie, but you could tell they skimmed back on the ingredients, a bit of a disappointment. My friend ordered a seafood croissant sandwich which was divine! It was thick and sliced in half. The croissant was warm and soft. The seafood was a mix of everything (crab meat, shrimp, lobster), you name it--it was probably in there. I am not sure if it was fresh or came in a container, but it was the perfect mix of whatever was in there. The servers were friendly and were very patient with me, considering the fact that it took me a total of 10 minutes to skim through the menu and decide what I want. I will come back here again if I am ever in the area. Note to reader: The sandwiches look good. The smoothies can be thicker.
the chooses of sandwich here are outrageous! not your typical pick of the litter... the bread - always with a nice crust on it and soft inside.. the fillings - those tiny little pickles!!! yummy! always get some on the side.... one of our very good friends told us of this place a while back and we in turn told others..... what is funny is we know each others' taste and when possible bring home a sandwich not only for us but for one of our friends as well!!!  DO BE VERY CAREFUL - parking here is an issue - do not park in the gas station cause even if you do not see the tow truck guy HE SEES YOU!! i have seen more than my share of poor people after enjoying their delicious sandwich, pay or have to search for the tow truck guy!!!!
I got the Prosciutto and Mozzarella sandwich. Overall, it was a really really good sandwich. Really fresh ingredients.
When i walked to the stand the smell was delicious!! Reminded me of vietnamese sandwiches. Yummmmm!! Prosciutto with the camembert (French cream cheese). They don't skimp out either. They pack on the veges lettuce tomatoes onions olives jalepenos and French pickles with vinaigrette. They don't toast the baguette and its pretty soft when you eat it. I love toasted baguette sandwiches (Vietnamese has some influence from the French). Le beau got the salmon and mozzarella lacked flavor but very fresh. The sandwiches are a good size too you can share and be full. They are also open til 0600 so party on people and grab a good meal afterwards! Shakes are good too fresh and you can add protein to it. Forever bulking lol 4 stars and not 5 because there is little seating and it can get packed. All outside seating too so eat there or take it to go! I also wish it was more French influenced would love to have some pâté on the sandwiches and warm instead of cold cuts.
PERFECT. Refreshing, filling, and possibly heavenly. My boyfriend and I come here at least once a week. I once heard an ignorant girl ask one of the Sandwicherie men(the tan dude that may be part owner) if he was from India? He's French, they are mostly all French, they put French love in their home dressing... Duh.
This is by far one of the best late night places to eat in South Beach. It is also just a great place to eat at really anytime in South Beach. The quality is fantastic and I'm always amazed at how well everyone works in such a small space. No room for error in the food, that's for sure!!
So good. Just go here. Inexpensive, delicious, huge, high quality sandwiches. The tomatoes are so fresh!
Even if there is a line, we always wait.  That explains how good it is!  They provide the freshest ingredients in all sandwiches and smoothies on Miami Beach.   Hands down the best sandwich there is anything on a warm croissant.   The thick turkey meat and melted provolone fully loaded with the special sauce will be a taste sensation. My husband prefers to add an egg and carrots to his sandwiches. He enjoys the crunchy texture the carrots provide. Whenever you are craving it, no matter what, it will be open.  The ambience is open fresco and chill.  Bar stools behind a counter and only a two block walk from the beach is another great characteristic.  The girl waitresses always help us. They are very hardworking and efficient. Overall, an amazing place, with great food and great service. Pretty soon we will start to call ourselves regulars as we go often.
For a quick sandwich to go or to eat at their sandwich bar La Sandwicherie has anything from roast beef, ham, turkey to fresh morzzarella. It is served on a French baguette (a croissant is extra) and select your toppings, lettuce, tomatoes, green & hot peppers, black olives, onions, cucumbers, cornichons (french pickles), mayonnaise, vinaigrette. You will also find a selection of salads and fruit smoothies. I had the turkey with everything as another Yelper suggested. It was very good! I'm not a fan of small whole French pickles in my sandwich, but I thought they were very delicious. It's outside bar stool seating only and during the summer, they have a water mist that works better than you would expect. I understand this place is open very, very late, so if you have the munchies after late night clubbing, you might want to drive by. It's between Ocean and Collins on 14th. Your order comes withing minutes, so you can wait in your car as someone gets the sandwiches. I saw some cars waiting in the alley. For parking, you can hunt for a place on the street or there are several nearby parking garages. For
The Crossainwiches are like a party in your mouth and those pickles ooooooweeee. This place is a must at least once in your life.  THE SALADS are GREAT too
I was in Miami for three and a half days and I ate at La Sandwicherie five times. I sampled many different items on the menu and never once was disappointed. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and the prices are unbeatable, especially for South Beach standards. Voila!
Good food, nice owners. Only complaint is there is very limited seating that's always taken and the bread is kind of hard. Would go here again
Tragically, only a couple of weeks before moving back to Kansas City after our short stay (one year) on South Beach - Miami, FL, we discovered the best sandwich I have ever had the pleasure of consuming. It was served to us at a little French walk-up sandwich spot we had passed every weekend going to and from the beach, but just never had the wherewithal to stop and enjoy. All along, I had thought La Sandwicherie was a little Cuban joint. Something about the bright paint job, the fans blowing mist on the customers sitting at the counter and the distinction that these were SoBe locals taking it in, not tourists, gave me that impression, I guess. But oh no - La Sandwicherie's specialties are not cuban sandwiches or cafe Cubano, but delicious baguettes and French espresso... and boy is it good. The sandwiches thrive due to the incomparable freshness of their ingredients. Get one with everything and your meat and cheese of choice come piled high with romaine, cucumbers, tomato, cornichon and pearl onion and sweet-but-spicy peppadew peppers. OH! And their famously classic vinaigrette, too, which is the ultimate compliment to this salad-in-a-sandwich. My first-ever sandwich at La Sandwicherie is still the only one I've had. It's so good I'm content never to stray to another selection - the deliciously rich, salty salami and smoky provolone cheese create a scrumptious, filling base for the fresh veggie toppings. The bread is classic French bread. A hard crust on the outside protects hands from ingredient seepage, but its inside is the perfect soft fluff. Still, it takes a strong jaw and some neck muscle to tear off a huge hunk of all that goodness, but doing so is an immensely satisfying pursuit. Though a simple corner sandwich stand, La Sandwicherie is Zagat-rated and has been voted best sandwich on Miami Beach countless times. The bottle of vinaigrette we brought home with us mentions that it has been rated "best sandwich in the world" by Zagat for 2004-2009! The owner, with whom we became familiar while residents of South Beach, was still running the stand when we returned last weekend, hence, none of its fantastic qualities had diminished in the least. Our friends Andrew and Jenny seemed to enjoy their turkey sandwich just as much as we and our salami. Elizabeth and I always split a sandwich due to their size but Andrew took down a whole one of his own and then most of another half that Jenny couldn't finish, so I'm pretty confident he was, indeed, a fan. Kansas City could use more places like La Sandwicherie - no parking lot, no oversized dining room. Just a counter, a busy staff and a prep area filled with delicious ingredients that make up their small but perfect menu offering. The closest thing to La Sandwicherie I can think of in KC is D'Bronx, which is quite good and I recommend checking out, specifically for their deli sandwiches. I'll have to go there again, soon, with La Sandwicherie fresh in my mind, to see how it compares and give it a Napkin rating. ...Until then, I'll continue dreaming of the best sandwich I've ever eaten.
We were in late. Not crowded. I had the French Salami and Camembert sandwich. It was nice and fresh. I ordered a Pate sandwich for lunch the next day. It was really awesome. And the cornichons are awesome. If you need a late night bite in Sobe, go here. It is great.
Best Sandwich I have even had in my life.  I crave this more than lobster.  Super fresh ingredients done exactly how a small sandwich shop would serve.
simply amazing! The subs are so fresh and delicious. Delivery is also always quick. I cannot say enough good things about la sandwicherie!
I am in love with La Sandwicherie. My husband and I ended up staying around the corner from here on the first stop of a long anticipated honeymoon and I seriously fell in love all over again. We walked by around noonish and it was packed so we made a mental note to return later in the day. I am so glad we did. We split a turkey and salami sandwich on a baguette. It was overflowing with tons of fresh veggies - lettuce, tomato, cornichons (I loved that they used these tiny pickles instead of sliced dills - huge difference!) - fresh cheeses and delicious dressing - french? Vinagrette? Kind of a mix  of the 2? YUM. We were in South Beach for 2 days. We ate here twice. 'Nuff said.
cute sandwich bar where you order and eat outside, carribean feel, with french staff.  My sandwich was awesome - i had prosciutto and mozzerella - it was great - coulda been in europe.    These are good for 2 meals.  Hit this place up if your in south beach for lunch.
My first trip to Miami and from all the yelp reviews I read that were near my hotel, LA was one of the most highly rated.  My gf and I had the late night munchies so we decided to hit up LA which happened to be less than two blocks away. First, this place is best described as an outdoor sandwich bar.  Though outside it was def clean and well maintained.  Menu is simple with sandwiches and some salads.  We ordered the french salami w/ mozzarella and the prosciutto w/ mozzarella and omg were they delicious.  If you're looking for a sandwich overstuffed with meat, this is not it.  The sandwiches were a perfect blend of meat, healthy portions of fresh cheese with crisp chopped lettuce, tiny pickles, cucumbers, pickled peppers and mayo.  It was one of the best sandwiches I've had.  Simple, clean tasting...best way to describe it....it was like eating a delicious salad stuffed in some tasty bread.  The sandwiches are about $9 and very filling, definitely worth it. I can't wait to eat these again....so good I'm going to try to recreate them here in texas :)
I was in Miami in 2006, stumbled over to La Sandwicherie from my hotel and yadda, yadda, yadda... I still dream about it. I talk about their food on a frequent basis. When I see friends going to Miami, I beg them to bring me a sandwich back...my mouth is watering as I write this. I'll see you again someday, La Sandwicherie. I hope.
Proscuitto & Mozzarella ALL THE WAY!  Get everything on this baby - the special French vinaigrette and the French pickles = DELICIOUS! The Turkey Camembert was good too, but doesn't quite compete.
I'm not even a fan of sandwiches for the most part, but I really loved le sandwicherie. I came here because this was a daily stop for my boyfriend while living in Miami and he had to have it as soon as we got there. We had a sandwich from here every day while on vacation. It was also super convenient because we were staying only one block away at the Z Ocean Hotel. So, I am not into lunch meat, or cold cuts, or whatever. Even if they roast the turkey or beef in house and slice it fresh, I still am not into it. So I went vegetarian here...so not typical for me. But it was delicious. I am telling you, it is all in the dressing! They make a french vinaigrette there that should be famous...Plus their ingredients are super fresh. All of the veggies were super crisp and delicious and the croissant I got it on was buttery and delicious (although really messy!). My boyfriend always gets the prosciutto and mozzarella, but I wasn't as into that as I was the veggie. If you like sandwiches, or even if you don't, you have to stop by le sandwicherie while you are in Miami. They are open til 5 am too, so no excuses! I think I am going to call there and see if he will send me a case of dressing right now...
Very good
I'm craving this from Aus right now... the staff are super friendly and always gave me great life advice... "Find a man on sobe with a big fat wallet" haha
Finally a good sandwich on the beach, too bad with a drink and additional topping the tab comes to 14 and change.  However, the bread is almost always fresh, the meats are of good quality, and the veggie choices are quite diverse. Hold the mayo butter and mustard, the dressing they have here steals the show. Faves are the prosciutto w mozzarella and the french salami, with or without everything.
Maybe its because I live in NYC and there are delis on every corner but this was kind of an ordinary sandwhich shop to me. Veggies were fresh and the mini pickles were unique but I don't get the fuss. Solid but nothing to write home about
Each time I get food from there, I'm a happy camper. Good service & delicious food. Very fresh- you can definitely taste it from the texture of the tomatoes, etc Be warned- it's probably better to call in your order ahead & take it to go- crowded most times.
They make the best sandwich I have had on South Beach.  I have yet to meet a local who would argue that!  Is that good enough for you?
The price to portion is the best in south beach hands down. You get a big a$$ sandwich or salad i mean so big you can sit a cup on the booty. The best part about it is this place does not sacifice portion for quality. In South beach they have tons of places to eat on ocean but the spots that are the best are off ocean alot on Collins but this place is only a block off the beach.
I could eat here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and in between meals I would just sit at the counter and eat cornichons.  You can't order the wrong thing.
Ordered a turkey and salami sandwich with extra camerbert on french roll along with a mango, strawberry, papaya, blueberry and banana smoothie (be sure to ask them to add a scoop or two of sugar). Definitely enough for two people to share. Meats were fresh and tasty but the bread not so much. Almost stale but given the high humidity, it might not allow the bread to survive the Miami weather. Can't complain otherwise except it was busy at 7:30 pm on a Saturday so the wait was long. Don't be a jerk and leave with your food even if you have to wait to pay. These guys work their tails off to get your food and sometimes it gets backed up and they forget to ask for your cash.
Literally the best sub I've ever had in my life. Their food is so fresh! All of their smoothies are made with fresh, not frozen, fruit, their french baguettes are to die for and the service is super fast! Loved this place!!
This place is seriously good. The food is FRESH, the bread is soft, and the portions are very generous! Had the Turkey & Roast Beef sandwich with their signature Vinaigrette sauce with salad/lettuce/tomato. Price is correct. I wish they had this in NYC.
The vinaigrette for the sandwiches is as addictive as the pink shrimp sauce from Samurai! I got a little carried away and doused so much of that stuff on my prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich that the guy had to come and refill the bottle. Besides the vinaigrette, the pickled peppers and cornichons just made the sandwich great. And the sandwich guy here doesn't speak English very well but he managed to comment, "You guys stay a long time." Of course, because they're big a** sandwiches!
I feel like the quality used to be more consistent, but has been spotty over the last few months. I used to love the sandwiches every time. Maybe I was just going at a certain time of day when the bread was more fresh, but now every other time the bread is hard, sometimes to the point of ruining the sandwich. I haven't had this problem at the relatively new Brickell location. The veggies, however, are usually great (except for the odd once in awhile where I get a kind of soft soggy tomato). I love the cornichons, and the french dressing is delicious. I wouldn't recommend the deli sliced chicken though, the other meat options are much better (I usually go with roast beef or turkey). The baguette sandwiches can certainly be split, so I will give credit to La Sand for being an affordable option on the beach.
Super delicious! Had the prosciutto and mozzarella. The bread was amazing. Definitely a great value for the amount of food you get. The atmosphere is really cool. Just a walk up place. Everyone is so friendly there and very fast!
The reviews are correct! Got the Prosciutto/Fresh Mozz with all the toppings (no mayo/onions) vinny on the side. It was delicious! The bread really is wonderful. I don't know why some others have said to get it hot or warm. Prosciutto and fresh mozz should be served cold. Anyway, it was tasty goodness!!!
Seafood Sandwich.  Repeat after me... SEAFOOD SANDWICH.  So amazingly good.  OK so the place itself is cool as hell.  It has this great, low key, hidden vibe, and yet you just know most of Miami knows about this place (except the tourists).  It's off-beat and excellent.    Also the SPEED... so fast.  You sit down and order something, turn around, and it's there waiting for you.  I don't know how they do it.  KUDOS.
Awesome late night spot to grab a quick "healthy" bite.  The sandwiches are huge so eat half after the club and the other half when you wake up dehydrated and hungry :)
If someone tells you to come here, don't expect to see a nice tree to eat sandwiches under! Everything I have eaten here is delicious. I recommend the Prosciutto sandwich on croissant!
I've tried almost every kind of sandwich and they are ALL good. My favorite is the prosciutto & mozzarella. Load with everything (must get those special little cornichons!) and drench in La Sandwicherie's French vinaigrette sauce. Everyone who works behind the counter are always super friendly, polite, and work fast. I LOVE THIS PLACE
The sandwiches are great. I've been the victim of having my top gum cut several times on the their tough bread though (Pretty annoying in my books.) All the ingredients are very fresh. I love their honey mustard vinaigrette sauce. If you are in the area def worth the visit. Its an experience in its self.
Great sandwiches 24/7
The best sandwiches. so many options! love it!
Had high expectations from the reviews. Good but not amazing sandwiches. Kudos to the freshness of their ingredients. Would recommend for late snacking.
Had a combo sandwich , Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella ... Added romaine and these lush red tomatoes.  Washed it down with a Rainbow smoothie ... Good!
This place couldn't be more awesome if it tried: low prices, excellent food, incredible atmosphere, and authentically french touches (and staff!).  Definitely worth a visit when you are in the area.  The French Riviera salad is delish--just get the dressing on the side!
This place is an institution. I was here years ago and it's still the same reliable great food and service. The SOBE sandwich with their vinaigrette is one of those sandwiches I could eat every day for the rest of my life. If this sandwich was a girl, I'd put a ring on it.
Best sandwich I may have ever had. I almost died of heat exhaustion due to walking from the W hotel to here on a 100 degree day so that may have skewed my opinion slightly. The bread and produce come from the clouds above! Good people watching too. I almost passed out in front T Pain and DJ Khaled who were eating about 10ft away from me.
It was O.K. The guy was very rude and was already in a bad mood from the beginning, so turned off already. The sandwich was good but nothing life changing besides me not going back.
Love it. The paté on croissant is my favorite! If you want a sandwich but want to feel like you didn't eat trash food, this is the place!
We received the recommendation from a co-worker of mine, so we made sure to try it out. My husband and I were pretty excited about it and half way through the first half of our sandwiches, my husband exclaimed that it was his favorite eating locale from all of South Beach. I had the French salami and Camembert sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, green peppers, black olives and cucumbers. My husband had a prosciutto and French salami sandwich with everything but onions and mayo. If we head back to South Beach, we'll head back for sure! Amazing!!
came here on a rainy day in miami and it didn't meet expectations. also considering that this place is a really casual "hole-in-the-wall" type spot, we spent wayyy too much money for what the food was worth... think we spent over $40 for just the two of us. also, the owner there told us that we should have a cup of their cappuccino and brought it over to us before we even had a chance to tell him no. and then went ahead & charged us like five bucks for it. haha who does that?? probably wouldn't come back.
Great sandwiches!  The ingredients are always fresh and the special french sauce they use is delicious.  If you call for a delivery order, make sure you ask for extra sauce!  They're open until 5 am and deliver until about 10 pm every night.  Worst time to eat there is around lunch time on the weekends!  It's packed and you may have to wait a while to find a seat.  Seating is very limited!!!!  But the service is fairly quick and the sandwiches are worth waiting for.  They also have smoothies which are all natural and also delicious and refreshing.   My favorite sandwiches are the Smoked Salmon, the Seafood and fresh mozarella.
simply the best
Great sandwich spot! This place is a SOBE staple and I can see why. No frills type of place. You order your sandwich at the window and the same guy makes it. There are a few stools at the counter if you want to eat there. I ordered a roast beef sandwich and it was really good. The bread was really fresh and the sandwich toppings were really tasty. I loved the little pickles on top. I fully recommend stopping here for a quick bite that won't break the bank.
My boyfriend and I were talking again about how much we loved this place last night. We really wish there was one in Chicago!
oh my goodness gracious. one of the most unexpectedly FRESH, delicious and overall adorable outdoor sandwich joint in sobe. this place is run by french men, and i love accents so that was just a bonus (if that sounds callous disregard. but i do love france. and accents.). the real focus was on the food- they have plenty of sandwich/salad/etc. options. my friend and i shared the avocado sandwich and the caprese salad; got a vita coco to wash it down...why does coconut water taste better in miami? i was probably on a high from the sun so you can definitely share a sandwich with someone- they are huge rolls STUFFED with fillings all wrapped up in foil. on top of avocado they pile on lettuce hot peppers olives tomatoes green peppers cornichons. they have bottles of their house-made french dressing on the bar (tastes like watered down maille but you need some liquid for the sandwich). the caprese salad was also incredibly fresh and HUGE- large slices of mozz with olives et cetera et cetera. not only was their food nommy but their price point was so reasonable. i really wanted to try their green planet juice- sounded madd healthy. i cannot wait to come back here the next time i'm in miami!!
Absolutely amazing. The sandwiches are very very tasty and it's obvious that they use high quality ingredients. The cheese they put in the sandwiches are very tasty. Also one thing that really impressed me about this small sandwich joint was how friendly and professional the staff were. I can't believe I didn't try this place before. Will definitely go back.
Quality service. Items are clean and light. Their sauce was pretty good. We had the salmon and turkey sandwich which were pretty good.
If your hotel is anywhere near 14th Avenue and Collins, then skip breakfast at your hotel and go straight here.  The real deal here, your typical local joint, been around forever, knows every service is as good as the last one and the next one. We only had smoothies but they were just right.  I will return for their sandwiches.
Hearty sandwiches served by cool people in a cool spot.  You can't go wrong. A great value.
Oh my goodness...  Did I mention goodness??  Incredible sandwiches and I've actually been able to make the "Miami Cool" juice blend at home. Excellent all around.
Oui! A favorite spot in Miami. Yes, it's small, and there is limited seating and it's in an alley, but so fucking what! That's what give it the local charm. If you show up with nowhere to sit, then just wait 5 minutes for someone to get up or take it to go. Or eat on the beach Samantha! The turkey and salami with cheese was magnifique! And the bread was incredibly fresh. The sub was so large I made two meals out of it. The vinaigrette is delicious and fresh. I don't know the owners name, but he's French and super cool. French music plays in the background as you maw on your wonderful selection. Can't wait for my next visit to Miami...
I absolutely love love love this place. I found this place a few years ago on a trip to Miami and I always make sure I have a few sandwiches every time I am back in town. This place is not the usual over the top expensive food places in Miami. A few blocks from Ocean Ave, La Sandwicherie is a small food stand with a few barstools. The sandwiches are fresh, big-portioned, delicious, and cheap. I always get the seafood sandwich with extra cornichons (little crunchy french pickles). I am addicted seafood and I am very picky about how it is cooked and used in a dish. The ingredients in this seafood mix compliments the seafood perfectly and  does not overpower the seafood taste. They also have refreshing fruit smoothies, I recommend the mango smoothie. The smoothie and sandwich is a perfect meal after a day of sun bathing on the beach. If you are in Miami, you must stop by this place.
Huge and really delicious sandwich. Ordered their signature procsuitto & mozzarella sandwich and the banana & mango shake (love it!). Nice staff and tropical deco.
Love it!!!!! Love love love it. Sandwiches after the club, salads for dinner. Amazing smoothies! Cornichons and the French Vinaigrette make the meal. The bread is also amazing. It's always fresh. I've been here a bunch of times and never been disappointed! Plus the bathroom has a fun mural!
PROS: 1. Most amazing sandwiches ever. 2. The "La Sandwicherie" vinegarette sauce, which makes the most amazing sandwiches ever...even more amazing. 3. This place is open until 5am, making this the best place for drunk munchies on the planet. La Sandwicherie is an institution.   CONS: The euro attitudes are a little intense. Granted, they seem to deal with customers from all walks of life (good, bad, ugly), and work long hours on their feet, but they are a smidge cold. I still love this place. Oh! And they deliver. Reliably. Love it!
Very delicious and healthy ingredients, i tried the chicken salad inside the croissant with all the topings very tasty especially with their secret vingeratte sauce and ordered fresh orange juice as well . Very good value compared to the price , the guy that works there is also very welcoming . 5 stars for the food and service and price. Definetly will come back.
perfect for a late night snack..   bread is EVERYTHING
Service was great, prices were good. Had the roast beef and it was excellent! Definitely loved the little French pickles and the vinegarette! Will definitely return next time we visit Miami.
I had the roast beef and turkey with provolone on crossant.  The home made dressing was incredible. Will return if I am ever in town again!
Best sandwiches! I never ever eat sandwiches except in La Sandwicherie. It's open 24/7 so you can pass by after the club or after or before the beach and eat this delicious sandwich. Also salads is amazing! And smoothies too! My favorite place in Miami Beach! And they have cool people working there. Friendly and helpful. It's really international: French, American, Russian and Latin people working there. You always can find someone who speaks your language. I was sitting other day and talking to Russian guy, I think Alex. Super cool person!
I never thought that at 4:00 AM in the morning, I'd be the one that say "Hey lets get a french baguette sandwich and salad! " But I have to say that this hits the spot which is quite unusual. I guess it's the combination of carbs, citrus vinaigrette, and layers of cheese and deli meat that makes this outing so satisfying. The other satisfying part is going to sleep on a full stomach and not feeling greasy during the process. Bravo to the French, no wonder they're so much skinnier than us Americans.
One of the few sandwich shops in Miami Beach. It's definitely a small "hole in the wall" type of shop, but totally worth it. They make your sandwiches fresh as you order, and somehow it ends up tasting waaaay better than any sub sandwich you order at Subway or Publix. The ingredients are delicious, the workers are friendly, and you will definitely leave satisfied.
What a diamond in the rough!  Here is a place that exhibits the type of character you try to find when going to a new destination.  A sandwich stand where you order and eat standing.   The quality of the food was impeccable.  VERY fresh and very good service.  I cannot wait to go back here for lunch.
Can i have more vinagrette sauce!!! jesus that homemade stuff is good! We've been going here for about 10 years. The seating sucks, but its worth the wait. ALWAYS FRESH, i've never been disappointed. Usually get the tukey/ham with everything, specially the those juicey cornish pickles. He gets the roast beef with everything,,,GREAT! HELPFUL HINT: If you're in another area-- LE SANDWICHERIE LOVERS: I did find a very comparable place named: Le Baguette on S.W. 8th Street.
Nice owner, solid sandwiches, fresh smoothies. The walk-up order window, and staple fare, all make for a nice beach lunch. The sandwiches are basic classics, but they're done well. Our group had a quick order turnaround, especially considering we all ordered different sandwiches and smoothies. My bread was stuffed full, and I couldn't get enough of the accompanying side sauce. If given the chance to spend more time in South Beach, I'd eat it again!
Great French dressing on the sandwiches.  And those little french pickles everyone talks about, they're fantastic, and I don't care for pickles on sandwiches.
Ridiciulously good... Sandwiches are huge with fresh ingredients, great bread... what is not to love? AND they deliver. AND they have good smoothies and shakes. Ordered from here twice during a 3 day trip to South Beach. I wish I could fly back to Miami just to have the tropical signature sandwich one more time.
270 reviewers for a small sandwich counter?! Sounded crazy to me too, but all the praise is dead-on. Great and filling sandwiches, quick service, great people watching, good smoothies, and espresso options that would fit in on many Parisian streets. The fresh produce was a welcomed change from the gluttonous vacation foods I ate the whole week prior to visiting La Sandwicherie. Full Disclosure: I even went back again 12 hours later on my way out of town to grab a sandwich for my layover in Baltimore. Better than anything In BWI, that's for sure.
The sandwhiches are quite good, the ingredients are always fresh. But I will never go here again. The main reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the service is absolute crap.  So keep that in mind if you do decide to come here. I had already boycotted it for the ridiculous amount of time I had to wait once, not to mention that the server helped out someone who was clearly his friend before he helped me, despite the fact that I was there first. But I decided to give it another chance and this last time I ordered topped it. I ordered on the phone (to avoid the crappy waiting) and specifically asked for no hot peppers (as I am allergic). When I got my sandwhich, not only was I overcharged by two dollars (but fine, let's face it, mistakes happen), but the damn sandwhich had the hot peppers. I can't even eat it, my lunch break was wasted in going there and when I called in to tell them that, they woman on the phone was useless and didn't even offer an apology. I'm sorry but, there's a dozen different sandwhich shops on south beach. I don't need to  be treated like that at any one of them so I'm scratching le sandwhicherie off my list.
Totally kick ass.  I came here for lunch one day while vacationing in South Beach (thanks Yelp reviewers - you never let me down).  Definitely where the locals come for good food.  Interesting and fun and the food is just phenomenal and very reasonably priced.  My husband and I split a sandwich as big as our heads - seriously, about 12 inches long and packed with good stuff.  We had a french salami sandwich with Camebert cheese and lots of veggies.  We also got a fruit salad and 2 drinks - all for $20! Anyone visiting Miami Beach should do themselves a favor and visit this place!
These sandwiches are huge! The guy next to me broke out his camera to take a picture. In watching other sandwiches being prepared, I wish I ordered the warm and toasted croquette Monsieur. A hunk of cheese was just oozing off the croissant. I had the prosciutto with mozzarella (no ooze). It also came with lettuce and tomatoes. Would I come back and eat another one? Nah. You can create your own sandwiches (wish I would have done that, too!) Seating is outdoors and limited. Just a stool facing the counter. Cool atmosphere, though.
By FAR,.. La Sandwicherie is the  best sandwich shop on Miami Beach. Everything is so fresh and so yummilicious. I usually get my sandwiches made on a croissant, but they run out early, so you might have to resort to a baguette if it's late night. Still very good. The vinaigrette is so good, that you will want to ask for extra, along with extra French pickles for on the side. Mmmm. They are definitely not stingy with their ingredients. All of the sandwiches are completely packed with the meats and cheeses that you order. So you definitely get your $'s worth. Delivery will take a while, so it's best to call your order in and just go pick it up.  Patience will be well worth it here. Never even once has this place disappointed me.
Got a tuna and fresh mozzarella sub it was real good and different with all the veggies they put on it, the bread was kind of hard but it didn't hurt the taste of the sandwich.
Wow, what a great sandwich and salad shop!  My husband and I walked to it from Ocean Drive after arriving in Miami late in the evening.  Even after 10pm, the place was completely full.  My husband got a sandwich (don't remember which kind) and I got a caprese salad and we took it back to the room.  Note: there is an automatic 10% gratuity for orders after 10pm.  Both of our orders were extremely fresh!  No yucky mildewy lettuce taste, thank goodness.  My only complaint is that they only offer one type of dressing, which thankfully I asked for on the side.  It is a French dressing that is a dijon dressing, which I detest.  So I ended up eating my salad dry, which was not a biggie.  Having more options would be nice!
Filling sandwiches! Wouldn't get the salads, they're kinda just, meh. Not much dressing varieties either but juices and sandwiches is where it's at. Expect lots of veggies and inconsistent sandwich making but generally they are tasty! Only reason i have a three star is that they seem to be charging a lot for drinks and toppings but not telling you about it. Also, when asked if there was beef stock in their soup (vegetarian girlfriend) the guy didn't know what beef stock is. Strange but whatever, just get sandwiches
Great fresh food, crap service. We ordered vegetarian sandwiches and they put turkey in them, then yelled at us when we wanted to return them. Vegetarians beware..
Ok so this place is the BOMB!!!! I had the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich and it was soo delicious! Subway who??? You must use the vinaigrette dressing!! and of course order an orangina...enjoy!! :)
Love this place, best sandwich's on this planet !!! You got to try this place, they rock. !!!
Best French bread and imaginative and delicious flavor combos. Pay a visit, you won't be sorry!
Best sandwich in Miami Beach.  Enough said. Recommendation---get your sandwich on a croissant. I also love the mustard vinaigrette and always ask for extra.   Bring cash and can be hard to find a seat because their are only about 10, but just as good if you take it to go.
So yummy! The sandwich is really big if you get all the toppings. I got the prosciutto & mozzarella and a Miami Sunset shake. You can ask for some ice if you want to cool your smoothie down some more, but I didn't need it. They also give you a bottle of vinaigrette for your sandwich, but I didn't need that either. Plenty of seasoning with all the toppings. The mozzarella was very fresh and soft. There's limited seating with the stools, so grab one when it's free, eat, and leave so other people can get a seat, please! They also have cooling mists right out front so you might get sprayed. If you want soda water, ask for water with bubbles. It's like an inside joke to them. Oui, the owner is French!
Excellent sandwich! I had a turkey and provolone sand which on French with no complaints! Cool stop and go spot....friendly customer service. :)
The sandwiches are so delicious! We had to go back the next day for more! We had the frenchie. The tropical and and turkey and Brie . The dressing was so good and the sandwiches were fresh with really good French baguettes. We brought the sandwiches down to the beach to enjoy.
On a beautiful, sunny Saturday we strolled down South Beach looking for our latest find and as we turned the corner, we saw a crowd with a line of people that overflowed into the street, all hovering over a tiny, open counter window, where people were waiting to place their orders. The place is about 5 feet wide and 25 feet long with just a handful of stools placed outside on the long side of the building by the alley. What a chaotic and exciting place it is!  If you are looking for quick yummy sandwiches in South Beach, this is the place!
Great and fresh sandwiches! It seems like a very clean sandwich stand. The sandwiches are very large, filling, and tasty. I tried roast beef in wheat sandwich bread and my husband ordered French salami in croissant and we both were very happy with our food. They take to go order or you can take a seat at the food stand.
One of the best spots for late-night eats. Quick and casual. Just an open bar with stools, sandwiches and friends. It gets packed, so consider yourself lucky if you can get a stool at 3am. Yeah, it's on the corner of an alley way, but it's miami beach: if you're scared of the dark you shouldn't be coming around anyway.
I would've never thought a simple sandwich shop would be so worthy of a 5 star rating.  This place will blow you away.  I had my doubts about using up one of my few meals on this visit ti Miami beach but my wife retread some reviews and convinced me to keep this on our list of stops We got there and were promptly greeted by someone asking for our order.  I explained it was our first time he replied with " my recommendation for you is that you will love whatever you order!"  With a smirk on his face :). He started to tell me which sandwiches were the most popular. We ended up ordering 2 sandwiches. The salami Camembert.  And salmon mozzarella.  All sandwiches come loaded with their salad of veggies.  Very yummy and refreshing.   The sauce is soooo good i could drink that for a meal if needed.  There are not words to describe how fresh these sandwiches taste. You just gotta stop by and try one.   We ordered a rainbow fruit smoothie and a orange carrot tomato juice    Great way to rehydrate after a long night in SoBe :).  I will definitely come back to try more sandwiches here.
I was blown away by the ratings this place got and decided to try it out. For the price of one sandwich I was able to share and was still full. I got a turkey sandwich on a croissant, it was delicious!! Very small stand but for the food, it was worth it. When I'm on vacation I don't like to eat anywhere twice, but I would definitely go back.
2 stars because to be honest this place is way overrated and way overpriced. Aside from that, the vegetable ingredients do seem fresh and their sauce was tasty. I honestly think most of the people reviewing are either out of towners or were so hungry from clubbing that anything tasted amazing to them. I'm from Miami, I live here and I'm telling everyone that it's not worth the money, trust me. You want you're sandwich to taste like theirs? order their sauce, go to publix super market, buy a baguette, a bunch of veggies, regular publix brand name deli meats and you got yourself a "sandwicherie" sandwich.
I though with all the reviews and great photos this would be better. I was disappointed. Two sandwiches and a salad were ordered or delivery $27 plus tip. We also asked or chips and they asked "Rufffles or BBQ" we said Ruffles and they brought baked BBQ. Uggh. The bread was too much bread for the sandwich and it was on its way to being stale. Hard and dry. They also did not bring ANY salad dressing. Honestly, they weren't that flavorful. The cold cuts tasted like supermarket/ packaged meats & cheeses. You's think that a specialty shop would make a really tasty sandwich - not this one. After I posted the review, the owner called my cell phone and yelled at me.
I'm not sure if it's because I was slightly intoxicated or we just really enjoyed this place. Service was cool, he was nice and patient. They do have a restroom that they can unlock for you with a magical button. It was suprisingly clean for an outdoor restroom. We ordered up the Soup du jour - ONION SOUP, one of my all time favorites. It was savory with just the right amount of onions and spice. Croque Monsieur was good, not amazing. And the Turkey and Avocado melt was delicious. Overall, a really great eatery with honest, good food and decent prices. Will return, especially for late night adventures.
Awesome sandwiches and a fantastic SoBe staple. It's an unassuming sandwich/salad shack where you can eat at an outdoor counter or get take out. The sandwiches have that authentic French Riviera taste and feel, e.g. pate, in house smoked salmon, vinaigrette and real cornichons. Fresh ingredients, huge portions, great prices. They make an amazing cafe au lait to boot as well as fantastic shakes/smoothies.  Absolutely spot on in all the ways that counts. For a complete experience, don't forget to stop at Club Deuce right across the street for a drink or two if you like real dive bars.
Came to Miami to visit my sister and she took me to this place for dinner. At first I was a little weirded out by a sandwich place in an alley. It was SO good!! Our sandwiches came out quick and I loved that you can pull up a stool and and chat with other people next to you as you eat. Oh and service was very friendly too!
Went based on all the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed!  Despite the place not being especially vegetarian friendly, it is still by far the best sandwich I have ever eaten, even though I had to finish it the next day.   I ordered a makeshift sandwich that was not on the menu consisting of cucumber, lettuce, cheese, and mayo; you'll have to trust me that under 99% of all circumstances this would sound fairly gross to me.   I don't know how they do it, but it seems like a similar magic to why pizza tastes better in New York.  The sandwich was ridiculously good.  The 2nd half that I had the next day was just as good too.  I didn't even want to throw out the bag that I carried the sandwich in it smelled so good.   If you need a quick lunch and are not gluten-intolerant, you owe it to yourself to check this place out.
"nom, nom, nom, nom..." was all my Fiance heard when I brought this heavenly sandwich home for dinner. He just stared at me like I was a crazy person. After a long trip running around South Beach I needed some grub and after all the times I've read about this place and yearned to go, I had to finally come here. Who cares if it's raining! We pulled up into the little alley way, I hopped out in the rain, ran up to their cute long bar-style window and ordered me a roast beef, turkey, brie, tomato and lettuce sandwich. After I ordered and left in a rush, I asked myself, "Brie? Really?" I even thought it was a weird combo, but I think I found myself my new favorite sandwich. I got home and unfolded the big meaty sandwich, I took a bite, and I was in love. The bread is fresh and yeasty with the right crunch and the right bit of fluffiness. It wasn't even toasted or hot and the texture was if they lightly toasted the bread. The meats were extremely fresh, it just tasted like pure premium beef and turkey - none of that cheap plain deli meat. And the brie was salty and gooey with a lot of flavor, and one of the best that I've ever had on a sandwich. Even one of the best I've had from some local cheese shops, restaurants and grocery stores. It's like I've been having fake sandwiches all these years, and this what real bread, deli meat and cheese SHOULD taste like. I can't wait to come back here, even though I really want to try other places whenever I visit Miami (since it's so rare). Hey, then I'll go to other places, then come back here before I go home to pick me up some dinner to go for the next day. It tastes just as good the next day, so I have no problem with leftovers...
A great place to grab a quick meal while strolling around South Beach. A friend and I decided to check this place out due to the massive amount of Yelp reviews. It's a small place with only outside bar stool seating along the counter. A perfect setup to get you in and back out to the beach in no time. The prosciutto with fresh mozzarella is delicious. It had a generous amount of mozzarella pieces and in general all the sandwiches are huge! Each comes made to order with your choice toppings. I pretty much just got them all which made the sandwich this overflowing barely manageable Goliath of a sandwich... and I mean that in the best possible way.
This place was awesome. Have the brie & whatever sandwich: they are all good.
All I gotta say is make sure u put the magic sauce LOL French Vinergarette
Ahhh La Sandwicherie... The Food: Best sandwiches on the beach, Meats: prosciutto di parma, sliced chicken, roast beef, chicken salad, turkey, ham etc. Veggies: From Lettuce to Cornichons they cannot get any crisper and fresher, Bread: buttery croissants and crispy baguettes.. They make their own Dijon Vinaigrette which is fantastic. Must Get: 1) Prosciutto Mozzarella on Baguette 2) Sliced Chicken with Swiss on a Croissant 3) Açai / Banana Smoothie (other ones are good too) 4) They have some good looking salads too The Vibe: Tucked in a corner in the heart of South Beach, It's a long strip of stools wrapping around the alley, you usually go there still salty wet and full of sand. If not, you illegally park in the alley, just keep an eye out for the parking patrol, alley-water pot holes, and the occasional bum. Secure a stool and put up with a lil' bit of French attitude and before you know it you have this glorious foot long full of your favorite meats and cheese in front of you... The perfect belly-filler for a night of drunk/partying (trust me, you'll be glad you ate there instead of 7Eleven Taquitos and Funyuns when you wake up) If you're there at 3:30am it'll be tame, but expect hustle and tussle at 2:00pm on a Sunday. This place is Solid. Go there.. no, seriously, eat a Sandwich.. now.
What a delight! For under ten dollars, you get a sandwich that is delicious with the freshest veggie toppings that will keep you full for hours.  This was the perfect lunch to eat before the beach - you won't get hungry until later in the evening and you won't feel greasy after consumption.  I was so happy to find this gem while on vacation! The croissants and the smoothies are great too :)
Everyone's sandwich looked delicious. I had mine hot which took a little too long but I didn't mind waiting for my food in the lovely sun. The cheese was oozing and the croissant was huge and filling. My smoothie wasn't that great though, the mango was overwhelming all the other fruit flavors.
I was here over the summer and simply could not resist coming here at least once a week. Very filling sandwiches with your choice of regular baguettes or croissant for your bread. Prosciutto and mozzarella all the way!
I ordered a Chicken AND Egg sandwich...my wife thinks I'm weird. Two words: Amazing! Just go here....it rocks.
Ordered the prosciutto n mozzarella on french bread. The bread actually cut the roof of my mouth a bit since it was so hard. Lol. Aside from that, the sandwich was real good especially after I poured their famous dressing all over it. Service was pretty fast n place was nice n clean. Total was $13 n change for the sandwich & one beer. I will go back to try their toasted ham & cheese sandwich soon. Should I bring a mouth guard next time? J/k.
I ordered delivery. Same sandwich as last time. Turkey and cheese on french bread with "the works" Also caesar salad. Perfection. Why can't other restaurants learn from Le Sandwicherie? All of the ingredients are fresh. The french bread crust and the greens are crispy. All of the flavors meld perfectly together......
Excellence while others slumber!
Love this little sandwich bar. My only complaint is that the bread is often stale. Still, this place is a Miami must.
La Sandwicherie is half restaurant, half street vendor being that they're missing a door and a wall. You can "eat in" by grabbing one of their bar stool seats or "take out" your food to the sandy-white beach 5 minutes away. As most people know, in touristy South Beach, non-chain food is not particularly cheap. But this place has great portions for its price. I would say it'll cost $10-$12 if you get a sandwich and a drink to complete your meal. But I was only able to finish half making this good deal into a great one because I got 2 meals out of it. What was ordered: Turkey & Camembert on Croissant (4 stars) Turkey on Croissant (4 stars) Orangina (4 stars) Rainbow Smoothie (4 stars) Their vinaigrette and pickles makes their sandwiches unique and therefore yummy. I need to try a sandwich on their french bread next time.
had the prosciutto and mozzarella.. was very good, boyfriend says was hands down best sandwich ever the vinaigrette was really good and boyfriend says bread was like crack guy was very nice and took a picture for us def a must when visiting SoBe
Very rarely would I give a place a five star review but this place is amazing!!!Had a turkey sandwich on a croissant with brie cheese, everything on it. Wow!!! Fantastic!! Decently priced and fast service. Small place only about 10 or so spots outside seating only but it is definitely worth it.  You would think its just a sandwich, but here it's so much more! Will be a regular to try other great sandwiches!
These sandwiches are out of this world. I got the tropical sandwich and added turkey to it. Best sandwich I've ever had in my life!
This is my ALL TIME favorite sandwich place! Fresh bread, fresh ingredients, made to order, and the SAUCE, oh the sauce!  I'm so glad they bottle it now!  It's the most delicious sauce in the world! I don't really eat meat, so I always get the French Riviera (which usually comes as a salad) on baguette. It comes with cornichons and you can add brie or camembert for a little bit extra.   You can belly up to the counter and sit and eat, or take it to go.  Plus, they deliver on the beach.   The smoothies are also fresh and fantastic. If you are a sandwich and/or smoothie lover, this is the best place to wander over to from the beach, or during an afternoon on South Beach.  Quick, cheap, and DELICIOUS!
Oh La Sandwicherie....i can't wait until we meet again! See you in May!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
I was tired of expensive or less then healthy food after being in Miami for a few days. This place hit the spot for good quality, healthy sandwiches at a reasonable price. It can get busy, but the wait isn't too long. You can order from the front window, or anywhere along the counter, even if you're not sitting there. The canopy over the counter has a periodic misting system to keep you cool. A welcome feature. Know exactly what you want when you start to place your order. It's busy and they'll move on to the next person if you hesitate too long. The sandwiches were great, I only wish I had more of the "dressing" they give you for my veggie sandwich (we took ours to go).
I was super stoked to try the sandwich because of the reviews. We got the spicy Italian sandwich. I definitely agree that it Tastes fresh, but wasn't thinking it was the best sandwich I've ever had. I def liked the mustardy sauce that they gave us.
My friend from out of town was visiting me from Boston and after having so many lunches and dinners out she told me how she wanted something on the lighter side for her last lunch in Miami. I wondered for a bit and decided that sandwiches = light (right?), so to La Sandwicherie we went. Arriving a bit after 1pm we immediately found parking in front of Mac Deuce and saw that it wasn't as busy as I would have imagined. We decided to eat the sandwiches there and after a couple of minutes we were able to acquire some stools. There really isn't a line to order your meal. Essentially, it is who can get the workers attention quickest. I had arrived before a couple, but the gentleman began to somewhat yell for the workers so he got his order in before me. We waited about 10-15minutes when I finally hailed down a worker who seemed to be the owner. I ordered a croque monsieur with a side of salad, and my friend got the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella. My sandwich was of average size, but my friends was very large. We both enjoyed our sandwiches immensely and we loved the atmosphere. We thought that this was a great place to go to after a day at the beach. The service is great, and the sandwiches are even better. One of the best, if not the best, sandwich place in Miami.
A South Beach MUST.  You must have a sandwich here or you are not living.
If you want a great late night spot to eat at, La Sandwicherie is the place to go. There is only outdoor seating because this place is so small but it was packed with locals. I tried the smoked salmon with brie on wheat bread. The sandwich was made quickly and the oozing brie cheese with the salmon was the perfect combination with lettuce, tomato, onions, olives and their famous home made french vinegrette.
Always Great Always Delicious
The turkey sandwich I got from La Sandwicherie was perhaps the best basic (not gourmet, no built-in sauces) turkey sandwich I have ever had in my life! The bread was PERFECT - crisp on the outside, soft on inside, the turkey was so moist (and there was a good amount of meat), and the cucumbers, tomatoes and lettuce were fresh and gave the sandwich just the right amount of crunch.  The sandwich would have stood well on its own, but it also came with this yummy vinagrette that i drizzled on the 2nd half of my sandwich.  I would totally recommend this place for a quick bite either on the go or at their counter.  So delish, sandwich is large, and prices are easy on the wallet.  My only regret is that I wasn't in Miami long enough to try their whole menu! PS - my friend was also happy about her vegetarian options.
Go here.  Order a sandwich.  Stand in the mist while you wait.  Eat your sandwich.  Fall in love with your sandwich.  With a sandwich?  Yes, I am the kind of gal who falls in love with sandwiches.  Extra hot peppers, please.
You must go there... You won't forget this place.  Hidden gem.
Three words to describe La Sandwicherie: Fresh, fresh, and...FRESH! The key here is the simplicity in the ingredients. If you're into rich or even saucy sandwiches, this place isn't the place for you. La Sandwicherie is French-inspired and is known for it's fresh ingredients, refreshing sandwiches, and amazing French vinaigrette. My beau and I got the prosciutto and mozarella sandwich and the Greek salad to share. Be warned though, the servings are humungous (yelp.com/biz_photos/la-s…)! Our sandwich was packed with lettuce, tomatoes, green and hot peppers, black olives, onions, cucumbers, cornichons, mayo, and vinaigrette. It could have used a tad bit more prosciutto, but it was tasty nonetheless. The mozarella was so good! It was creamy, but had a nice stringy texture. The salad was a simple Greek salad--nice and light. I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in SoBe. The long lines do not lie! P.S. They're open up to 5AM!
Another one of my favs in South Beach.  I decided to order something different from the usual smoked salmon and prosciutto that I normally get.   Today, I ordered a turkey, ham, and salami sandwich with mozzarella.  It was $11.05.  I thought that was a bit pricey for 1 sandwich.  It's probably due to the extra meat and mozzarella I added on top of it. I didn't expect it to have 3 big slices of each meat or huge chunks of mozzarella. I'm not usually a meat eater so it was too much meat for my liking. The sandwich was huge.  Even though I shared it with my Bf, we both couldn't finish it. What I really like about this sandwich joint is that they have good french bread, good fresh toppings, and a very nice house dressing that they make. I also like their pickled cucumbers. This place is always busy so you know they make good sandwiches. It also doesn't hurt that South Beach is a couple blocks away where you can sit and enjoy the nice beautiful beach.
I was drunk and still didn't get it
I love this place for lunch. The sandwiches are fantastic, but the salads are what keep me going back. Very generous portions and those spicy little pickles are really liven up the salad. Served with a fresh baked baguette and homemade Dijon mustard vinaigrette. Now that's what I call a great healthy lunch for about the same price as a burger joint.
Order the salami and Camembert sandwich, just do it! The rich, salty salami and gooey cheese complemented the plain, crusty baguette perfectly. Frankly, if we were to talk bread choices, I'll readily admit that I've tasted better, crustier baguettes (they were a bit on the tough side to chew) and that the croissants looked more delicious. Still, the plain baguette hit the spot. One sandwich can be shared by two people. There's a reason why there are 94738 reviews and photos of these sandwiches: they're really great!! Initially, I anticipated this place to be mediocre and overhyped but I was wrong. Fyi, the coffee shake is actually a watered down, sweet coffee milk, so don't expect an actual milkshake.
Fresh fresh and fresh... by far the my favorite sandwiches.  Everytime I go to Miami which is almost once a year for about a week all I can think of when I land and before I take off is this place. I landed last Thursday night and I went straight there to get me my favorite, the prosciutto and camembert sandwhich with EVERYTHING on it. I ate there EVERYDAY except one night we decided to change it up. The sauce is the star of this place. It is this spicy vinegary oil based sauce that is so addicting. I bought 5 bottles and brought them home with me.. This year I decided to trade the french bread for the croissant and I was very pleased with it. I also tried the fruit smoothies, they have flavors like mango pinnaple papaya kiwi strawberry rasberries coconut, orange banana and some other carrot and acai for the energy drinks. You can see them make all the sandwiches in front of you and there is no doubt that they have everything fresh to order. Service is awesome, it can get really packed at times but to me that is a good sign. People dont wait around when something isnt worth the wait. Almost all of the workers are french and they are all soo sexy.. eye candy and great food.
I'm not sure what's inside their special sauce but it's divine. I bought a bottle the other day to make some sandwiches at home and I just want to chug it alone. The sandwiches are great as are the salads.
Yummy. Nice little sandwich place. It was good to find this french place. The sandwich was delicious and fresh. Their smoothies are awesome.  The staff was friendly. Loved it!
Big smiles behind the counter and delicious sandwiches. Eat here for lunch and you'll wonder why you wasted your time anywhere else in South Beach. The prosciutto and mozzarella was the best but the salami and camembert was also solid. The mustard vinaigrette they give you on the side is very addictive. Good smoothies as well and again the people working there are very happy and welcoming. They clearly take pride in their craft.
I had such high hopes for this place.  I mean I like really wanted to believe that I would be wowed or in complete worship of this place.  My hopes were flattened like a pancake.  I'm sorry folks but don't believe the hype. The french bread is too hard - the roof of my mouth still hurts; the veggies weren't all that fresh; I felt the need to drown the sandwich in their french dressing just to have some sort of flavor.  I ordered the turkey and roast beef with cheese and all the veggies.  I couldn't taste the meat nor the cheese.  On top of everything being a huge failure there was a fly in my drink that was visible yet they gave it to me anyway.   I vote two thumbs down!  Go to Jimmy Johns!
This place is THE place in South Beach for a sandwich, and at any time of day or night. My favorites are the Turkey Camembert, and the Chicken Salad sandwiches. You got to go extra vinaigrette and extra cornichons - those things are awesome. Also you get can either go with the classic french bread, or for an addt'l $0.85  on a crouissant. Basically, go check out La Sandwicherie, you won't regret it.
FUH-RESSH. fresh. fresh. fresh. The bread, is divine. All ingredients are SO fresh. A diverse menu, so there will be something you will love. and to top it off the Smoothies are HEAVENLY. Prices are SO reasonable. I'd happily pay even more if I knew how good it would be. The french guy is uber friendly as well. Love it. Oh yea yea, and that vinaigrette... daaaamn.
Sandwiches come with plenty of ingredients and vegetables. We asked for ours hot, we got the Alaskan and the Italian and they were perfectly lightly toasted. Service was really great, our waiter was attentive and we got our food really fast. Prices are really great for what you get and it's significantly cheaper and better quality than most eateries in south beach. Highly recommend this place! The smoothies are good and natural too.
One great sandwich! I absolutely love "hidden" (not so hidden anymore with Yelp) places like this. This little sandwicherie lies between Washington and Collins Ave on 14th Street. It's a small place, seating consists of the bar/counter. It's got a lot of character and they make delicious sandwiches. I'm sold. They have various salads, shakes, and natural juices. I had the proscuitto and mozzarella sandwich with everything. I especially loved those tiny and famous little pickles, reportedly imported from France. The sandwich was huge, I could have split it with someone because I couldn't finish the entire thing. Delicious.
Simply remarkable.  Never did I think I'd make the drive to South Beach to leave raving about a French sandwich place!
Usually, when there's a walk-up window, the place is good. The sandwiches are made fresh to order. loved the french vinegarette. not bad for the price. the staff was pretty courteous. only thing is, the sit down area gets packed quick. but overall, pretty good!
I took an impromptu trip out to Miami this past weekend and after a night of drinks/dancing decided to get some late night eats. Yelp brought us to La Sandwicherie and it was on point! A hole in the wall type of place- just up my alley! I got the Prosciutto and Mozzarella sandwich and my friend got the roast beef. We gobbled them down like nobodys business!! The bread was fresh, the italian dressing was great, and lots of veggies/toppings to round out the saltiness of the meat and cheese. A generous sized sandwich for about $10 a pop. Highly recommend coming here!
I was getting sick of hotel catered food at my conference so one day decided to venture out and grab some lunch. I found this place through yelp and was surprised to see that this restaurant was a hole in the wall, set up on the side of a building. There is bar seating with misters above to keep you nice and cool. I ordered the prosciutto and fresh mozeralla on whole wheat bread. The sandwich was huge - filled with a good amount of prosciutto and thick slices of fresh mozeralla topped with tomato, lettuce, sweet pickles, sweet and hot peppers, with their special vinegarette on the side. I was only able to eat half of my sandwich for lunch and saved the rest for dinner. But if you can, eat it all for lunch as it's not that fresh hours later. La Sanwicherie - au revoir . I'll be back.
Definitely one of the best places in South Beach for a quick bite to eat. The help is very friendly, it's inexpensive, the sandwiches are HUGE and super fresh. Ate here like 3 times on my vacation. Plus, it was right next to my hotel.
Awesome place.  The smoked salmon is great. Try the croissant instead of French bread.  Occasionally the bread will be stale which is a let down so if that happens, try again.  It's worth it
Always the best and freshest ! Rule # 1 - Get the
I have had countless sandwiches from La Sandwicherie... all of them tasty and fresh.  Right now I am finishing my first salad from there and I have to say it is perfect (opted for the turkey salad).  The vegetables and other ingredients have been top quality every time.  This place is known for awesome food.  One trip and you'll know why. The restaurant location itself is pretty unique on South Beach.  No inside seating, just a dozen or so bar stools under the mist fans.
fabulous sandwiches.   fresh and very, very flavorful
Best thing I ate the entire weekend. Go with the croissant, not the French bread. Great coffee, too.
I don't understand the hype either.  First of all, the place is uncomfortably tight and you  are bound to end up eating on your feet as there's not a lot of sitting space.  Second, it is right in the midst  of traffic and all the car exhaust ends up either on your face or on your meal. The sandwiches are big, because they slap a sliver or two or whatever the filling is on a big piece of rock hard French bread and they douse it with vinaigrette.  Yes, the ingredients are indeed fresh, but you don't get a lot of them.  I had a salad and it didn't satisfy me in the least: a couple of leaves, one olive, one piece of tomato, a smidgen of cucumber: after removing the onion, not much was left.  I make better sandwiches at home and  I pick Subway over the Sandwicherie any day.
Peace, This place is perfect and they make a hell-of-a sandwich.  I worked at a mom-and-pop subshop when I was in high school so my standards for sandwiches are very high--lol yes, I have high sandwich standards. Anyways, this place is the perfect on-the-way-to-the-beach (the actual beach--you know, where there's sand and water) stop for some tasty ish. The sandwiches are huge and the meats and veggies smell, look, and taste very fresh.  It's not a sit-down place and it's actually in an alley which makes its appeal even more chic and delicious.  Just walk up, grab a sandwich, and go.  5 stars.
Came here after my first yelp event at chalk with my friend Danny F. We shared the proscuitto w/ fresh mozzarella with all the veggies and it was amazing! The sandwich was healthy and delicious, its defiantly a great late night sandwich bar because you don't feel like a fatty afterwards. Will come back here soon next time Im at the beach without hesitation.
Call ahead of time - place your order - pick up 15mins later .  Hit the beach - E A T - go for a swim.  priceless.
One of my favorite restaurants in south beach. I got the Alaskan (smoked salmon and mozzarella) and a smoothie. it was delicious!! I got my food super fast and the food was  more than enough ( I didn't think it would be because i was starving). Try using the french dressing they have on the side...gives it a good flavor. I'll def be back here. There's not really anymore to sit down so might be better to bring it back to your hotel to eat or walk around and eat.
You know you love an eating establishment when you most look forward to your visit to South Beach just to eat at La Sandwicherie! You're unlikely to find a better-tasting, better-prepared sandwich anywhere. And this place tastes even better late at night, after a few drinks. Can I get an amen for the cornichons?!?
Very good sandwich, very very fresh tasting. It was like they picked the vegetables themselves that morning. The prosciutto and mozzarella was tasty but I can't agree with other reviews that its the best sandwich ever. I enjoyed my Reuben at michaels genuine the day before more actually. It's a really cool spot though and they work fast!  There is no indoor seating, you eat outside rain or shine.  It's Miami though, you'll probably have shine.  The sandwich was very big, I ate half and was satisfied.  Yelpers led me right again, and I'd suggest you check it out if you want a high quality sandwich fast and fresh.
The perfect place for the perfect sandwich after a long day on the beach. The roast beef with avocado with all the fixings, and the fresh squeezed cucumber, apple with lime juice  hit the spot on a hot day. The best was enjoying the meal in an outdoor setting on a bar stool along an alleyway of South Beach.
I had the Turkey Tropical salad and my boyfriend had the terminator sandwich. Both were very good. The ingredients are one of the freshest i have ever since and they are not cheap on the quantity. The place should get a 5 stars but of the rude French owner so I am giving it a 4 stars.
As this place has far more reviews than any other place I've been to in Miami, I'll keep it short. Two of us came and ordered a prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich with everything on it. It was a beautifully crafted, cumbersome pile of marvel stuffed into a fresh baguette. The place is tiny and cozy, yet completely outdoors. Our service would've likely been better had it not been for the clueless, chihuahua toting, Botox injected Polish woman to our left that claimed to eat there almost everyday yet seemed to have no idea how their menu works. Considering that this place is open until sunrise, I would see myself quickly becoming a regular as well, if I lived in the area.
Even though i'm a huge fan of La Sandwicherie, I don't go there as often as i'd like because it's kind of out of my way. But, after running an errand on South Beach last night my boyfriend and I ended up at La Sandwicherie thanks to my wonderful idea. I had the sliced chicken salad with the works and he had  turkey and camembert on a croissant. Both dishes were delicious, and the veggies were amazingly fresh. How in the world do they get such fresh produce?! It's unbelievable! La Sandwicherie is a great alternative for a quick & healthy bit that won't break the bank. I'll definitely be stopping by here anytime i'm in the neighborhood.
Fantastic sandwich. We were only in South Beach for four days and we ate here twice. I went with the Prosciutto & Mozzarella and then the Turkey Brie (hot). My preference is the Prosciutto & Mozzarella. But with such fresh bread and fresh toppings it's difficult to go wrong.
Let's be real- the sandwiches are out.of.control.good. The vinaigrette that comes with the sandwiches is just, wow. Douse your sandwich in that vinaigrette and you will never regret it. The sandwiches are made fresh right in from of you and they are HUGE. Plus this place is open until like 5 or 6 am so if you're on the beach and just getting out of the club and totally staaaarving, as per usual,  this is definitely the place to go. It is also great if you're headed for the beach day and want a nice sandwich to munch on as you bathe in the sun. Or if you just want to stuff your face on any given day, which is totally acceptable as well. My ONLY con to this place is that you usually have to wait a while to get food because it's so popular that the line is almost always long. It's well worth it though!
I know, I know, I know...I went to a place with sandwich in the name and ordered a salad.  However, I do have to say I was impressed.  I got the French Riviera salad with chicken added.  It was LOADED with fresh and crisp veggies, an overall massive size, and came with a hunk of fresh baguette. The dressing was the French Vinaigrette that everyone seems to be fawning over, which is the "Signature" item that is put on anything and everything on the menu.  My consensus...ok.  I found that it was too tangy to really exhibit any complexity of flavor.  However, the lemony kick would definitely be refreshing on the hot, muggy days that frequent the area. I will undoubtedly come back to try a sandwich the next time I'm in SoBe.
Fresh, bountiful and downright satisfying and serving heavenly sandwiches in Sobe since 1988 is definitely an accurate description of La Sandwicherie.  This open late and taste great locale prepares one hell of sandwich.  Great ingredients with a great selection of options, which will surely satisfy anyone not to mention conveniently located across the street from the ever so famous Club Deuce and right next door to a tattoo parlor, so while going on a bender and making a bad decision you will at least make one good decision by partaking in one of these French themed delights.  This place is a go to when I visit Sobe I highly recommend it.  Enjoy!
We got the saucisson  sec (French salami) with Brie and all the fixins on a 12 in french bread.  It was recommended by the waitress.  Enough to split with someone! It was one of the best sandwhiches I've had!  A must have if you stop by La Sandwhicherie!
One of the greatest sandwiches I have ever had.  The SOBE Club is amazing.  Turkey, avocado, and brie...an amazing combination.  Ingredients were fresh, service was fast and friendly, and prices were reasonable for the area.
If you are looking for a good lunch in South Beach that is under $10 - this is your place! I had the salmon and mozzarella sandwich and was not disappointed. It is worth the extra money to put your order on a croissant. The sitting arrangement is very fitting.
Sandwich making is like an art form here. La Sandwicherie lived up to the hype of all of the numerous high reviews on yelp and served up some really solid sandwiches. The BEST thing about this place is that everything is made extremely fresh and quality is a top priority here. The vegetables they use are all full of color and crisp, indicating the freshness of ingredients. The sandwiches are pretty tasty and the sandwich maker took great care in putting together the sandwiches. We could watch as the sandwiches were made since the restaurant is basically a sandwich bar with some stools and a counter behind which the food is made. The eatery is also open late until 2 am, so it's great after a night out in South Beach.
Great french sandwiches. Try the french pickles and their vinaigrette.
A simple sandwich shop with great flavor. Had a prosciutto, mozzarella and tomato sandwich on baguette and it was amazing. Very casual place with just a bar open to the street where you eat your sandwich.
Went really late to get a turkey with fresh mozzarella and a smoothie. Guy at the counter told me they stopped doing smoothies at like 3 am.  I almost cried.  He looked over the counter at my bulging belly and said "You're pregnant?! My mom raised me right" and started blending my strawberry banana dream.  If I weren't already taken (or if this were Utah) I would've married him. Fresh healthy ingredients, great service, open late.  Couldn't ask for anything more.
Very good sandwiches, smoothie was even better! Kinda pricey...  I had the proscuitto and mozz sandwich, and the cheese was very flavorful and fresh.  The veggies were so fresh and yummy, but they kinda took over too much.  The dressing was very good.
Hipster sandwich store.
Winner Winner, dressing dinner. On the recommendation of a bartender after asking "where can I get something to eat around here at 3 am" , I slugged down my luke warm beer just after landing in Miami and headed straight to La Sandwichereie. The place sits a block off the beach and is a nice place to park yourself after stepping out of the loud booming clubs in South Beach. I had the tuna my first time and the prosciutto and mozzarella my second (yes, I went twice during my time in SoBe, don't judge me). Both sandwiches where fantastic and a great value, obviously people must not understand the fundamentals of real estate sometimes, kind of like my friend who found it hard to believe a cup of Starbucks coffee was .54 cents more here in Los Angeles than at his home in Tucson. That is beside the point though, I really enjoyed both sandwiches and even parked my ass here until 5am one morning, the view, cold beers and atmosphere is definitely fun. I'm kicking myself however for not purchasing a couple bottles of their DELICIOUS vinaigrette dressing, which needs to go on everything.
Efficiently run and very fresh sandwiches. Portions are large enough for sharing. The pate sandwich on French bread was good, as was the turkey and roast beef combo sandwich on croissant bread. Sandwiches are stuffed to the gills.
This place didn't do it for me. The quality of the fixings were fresh, but I didn't enjoy my tough, chewy french bread. The alley location and lack of cleanliness ruined my appetite as well.
I know I'm going to repeat a lot of what has already been said (probably in a lot less clever or witty manner), but I absolutely love this place.   Best sandwiches I've had on South Beach.  The portions are well worth the $9 and the dressing is delicious.  The smoothies are great as well.
Wonderful little gem hidden on a side street. Sandwiches were yummy. Service was friendly and attentive. I had the french salami and camembert sandwich and it was awesome, I'd highly recommend it.
On our recent trip to Miami, my friends and I decided to rely heavily on yelp to find places to check out. La Sandwicherie came up as one of the top lunch spots so we decided to check it out. It's close to the beach and has quite a few stools to eat at the counter (if they aren't already filled with patrons waiting for their food). The menu had quite a few sandwich and smoothie options. I went with the prosciutto sandwich with hot peppers on french bread. The meat was really good and the peppers added good spicy flavor. My friends all seemed to enjoy their food too. Particularly the pickles. The guy at the counter seemed to remember what everyone had ordered and made sure that no one'es food got confused. My only complaint was that some of my friends paid $7 for their meal while others of us paid $11. They may have been a reason for this but I couldn't figure it out. Oh, well, I don't mind droppin dough when I'm on vacation!
What can I say been going to this place since the 80s! One of the very few businesses that have out lasted all the new and fancy post deco joints on the beach. They must be doing something right to still be in business all these years out doing all the multi-million dollar clubs, hotels, and other defunct restaurants! Healthy and tasty sandwiches at a good price open late night! Hats off to the ownership for keeping one of my old time places to eat on the beach going strong all these years!
Excellent sandwiches. Everything fresh and the prices are good. I know the owners personally. Two great guys from France.
Worst place ever!! The guy doesn't know what service is!! I asked for a sandwich and he told me one minute... Don't go there.. Triable place... Sandwich tastes like shit.. Really.. Go to subway.. That's better... I found a cockroach in my sub..
La Sandwicherie is totally worth the stop on your way to the beach! They offer hearty sandwiches with a lot of flavor, perfect for a day on the beach. They pack their subs full of very fresh vegetables, meats, and cheeses. I chose to try the combination of pate and camembert which came out to be $8. The pate was creamy and thick and the soft camembert melded well with the pate. The crunchy vegetables provided a great contrast to the soft pate and cheese. The cornichons [little pickles] added a fun crunch and flavor to the sandwich as well. Their fruit smoothies were fresh but weren't cold so they weren't as refreshing as I would have liked.   They are also open late so they are perfect for a late night snack as well! Food: 4.5 Value: 5 Service: 4 Overall: 4.5
You really have no excuse for going to any national chain when you have this little place available. I went during prime lunch hour on a sunny Saturday, and they were knocking out sandwiches, salads and juices at quite a clip. It was not long before I had my tuna salad w/everything on French bread. Very nice indeed. Miami Sunset is one tasty mix. The sassy Frenchman at the takeout window deadpans an attitude that made us smile. (some may have taken him a bit too seriously, but just to be safe, have your order ready or he will skip right over you)
Been eating here for a while, I kinda wish they would use a little better quality turkey, boars head, but the place is great. I always go for the eggs and cheddar since I don't like the meats. This place makes Miami Beach a lot more livable.
This small walkup bar makes some seriously good sandwiches! They were quick and organized with our 10-person takeout order (though I would have loved to eat my food right there at their bar). The atmosphere was bouncy, and the employees all clearly enjoyed being there. The misters were a nice plus, too. I recommend for lunch, not really for dinner. Eating here definitely reminded me that I was in Miami Beach.
Very good sandwich and cheap !
Pate ok, seafood good. All in all, a sandwich shop in the middle of the night
Solo for lunch one day.  Found this place on Yelp and it was 1 block from our hotel.  Got a sandwich to go cause the seating was full up.  Wonderful sandwich, fresh ingredients, great flavors.
Why 4 stars? Because it's tough to beat a good sandwich on South Beach.   ---   ---   --- A delicious prosciutto in hand, with a 5-minute walk to the sand of one of America's most famous beaches. This day... for it did not suck. The sandwich was superb, and the ambiance (despite not being spent at the restaurant) could not be beat. I will absolutely stop here again the next time I'm "down south" and attempt to re-live this euphoric lunch. Strong possibilities of a 5-star update coming next time. I know the restaurant with over 600 Yelp reviews is just hanging on the edge of its seat.
If your looking for a Yelp review to convince you to come to this place, you need better friends. They should have driven you here themselves rather than wasting your time with an ambiguous endorsement leaving you wanting for more affirmations to try this place out. Reviews should be closed down for this place, and a five star rating should just be locked in permanently. This is the Joe's stone crab for regular folk. This is the place Miami locals take pride in and never feel hesitant to recommend to a friend. Fresh sandwhiches, with exquisite cheese and fresh delivered bread daily. Awesome shakes/fruit smoothies, crisp salads, flip-flop patron friendly, and service that is quick, friendly, and unpretentious. I drive from the mainland just to get my fix now and then. Service is so quick I park at the gas station next door at a pump without a problem. I still remember my post-call days from the hospital driving here and getting hot fresh croissants with hot chocolate, and chatting with the servers, while watching the sunrise.... good times, good times. My recommendation: sliced chicken on croissant with Camembert or brie cheese
Hard to find the first time around but worth the effort.  This place is small and there is almost never an available seat any time of the day.  This fact just speaks to the quality of the sandwich.  You pay about $12 for a sandwich and $4 for a smoothie.  This is the best sandwich yo will find in Miami.  Worth a visit!
Best sandwiches on the beach!
I came here based on a Fodor's review for great cheap eats in South Beach. I ordered a Dry French Salami and Camambert Cheese sandwich on baguette with vinagrette dressing and a "Rain Forest" smoothie. Both were good.  The dressing on the sandwich was the best part of it all. My only complaint: the service was terrible! I sat there for 10-15 minutes before I could even get someone to look at me.  Then, because space is limited to about ten stools at this outdoor walk-up bar, they want you to eat and get out of there as quickly as possible. Everyone there was getting very frustrated by the service.  I'd rather pay more and be served better.
This little sandwich shop was our savior while my girlfriends and I were in South Beach.  It was located directly across from our hotel and is open 24 hours.  Did someone say drunk munchies?!  Luckily, we got to try it sober as well, La Sandwicherie's sandwiches were too good to only eat once.  I personally had the vegetarian option, which was nom-worthy and then had a procuitto and fresh mozzarella sandwich on italian bread later on.  And these were THICK slices of mozarella - so fresh and flavorful, I amazed by the amount of TLC that was put into this modest sandwich.  We went late night again one night and the guy that worked there gave us our sandwiches for freeeeee!   VICTORY SERVED, indeed :)   Everybody wins at La Sandwicherie.
DELICIOUS, healthy all fruit and juice smoothies. Its a sweet litle outdoor bar two blocks from the beach. So charming. A perfect double espresso after my red eye flight and a friendly, prompt and beautiful group of staffers. My first stop upon arriving to Miami and I instantly fell in love. I hit the beach early full of fresh smoothie and espresso and all for under $9. Don't pass this spot up.
I can't believe I have lived in South Beach for 8 months and missed this place!  The BEST sandwiches you will ever taste.  Friendly counter staff is an added plus.  Get the Salami & Provolone sub  - all the way.  You will not be disappointed...
** Review overdue. Been sitting in my draft box ** Overall: Highly recommended if you don't mind sitting at a booth outside, stuffing your mouth with crusty baguette sandwiches made by a humble French man. Food: Split both a Prosciutto & Mozzarella Sandwich and a Turkey & Camembert Sandwich with a friend. They both come served on a crisp French baguette with peppers, their homemade vinaigrette, pickles, etc., which add texture and tanginess to the sandwiches. When in Miami again, will definitely stop by again :)
Yes, 5 stars! Service is excellent, it's very reasonably priced, they are amazingly quick with their orders and they serve yummy food! What more can you ask for in South Beach around lunch time?!? The first time I tried this place I had a croissant sandwich which was fresh and delicious. This time I tried their Caesar Salad with chicken and I was pleasantly surprised! It was perfectly proportionate, fresh romaine, enough cheese, delicious dressing and fresh crunchy croutons. Although the chicken was cold cut meat, it was still tasty. I also had a fresh carrot/apple juice which was so refreshing on a hot summer day. It's a cute little bar which is always packed but somehow everyone always manages to find a seat! I ordered two sandwiches to go, I just had to! I'm sure my husband and I will enjoy them for dinner tonight! The French owners are very sweet too which is an added bonus! P.S. I thought it was Cash Only because that's how we paid last time but they now have a credit card machine!!!
I had the French salami and Camembert and that sandwich has been haunting my dreams in the days since. The saucisson and Camembert laid a beautifully flavorful base for a mound of perfectly ripe vegetables. Unfortunately I live in another part of the country, so I will not be able to frequent this excellent establishment. I'll be counting the days until I can return to Miami and La Sandwicherie.
Sandwich was pretty good and reasonably priced for south beach.  Price on the menu failed to mention the upcharge for wheat bread and cheese.  If considering, rethink.  Just hit the subway on Washington ave. And save you a few bucks for a larger sandwich and avoid being snubbed by employees for not being a local.
This is a Miami Beach classic. Open until very late which is a great option after a night out when you don't feel like eating bad drive through food. Their salads and sandwiches are huge! My fav is the prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and cornichons sandwich with their famous French dressing. Love this place!
Great sandwiches, very big, you could get two meals out of these.  I love the veggies they put on them, its not your typical lettuce and tomato. Sweet/hot peppers, little pickles, onions, and some other goodies. Their sauce is also great, it is a vinaigrette and its addictive.   The owner is funny. Every girl that walks by he tries to talk to them.  I been here several times and when he is there he does the same thing.  He flirts with the girls, has a great time, and you can tell he loves his job.  The other people that work there are all friendly too.   If you want a good, filling sandwich, and want to support the locals this is the place.  It is quick, they deliver, it is open late, and you can watch the funny french man hit on girls.
The best sandwich place on Miami Beach PERIOD.
Being from France it is hard for me to find a place where I actually feel like home. Well, when I am nostalgic, I always go to La Sandwicherie. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE everything about it. Love that they open late (until 5am!!!), you can choose to have your sandwich on a croissant or french bread, and create your own sandwich. The food is fresh, my favorite is the Camembert and the killer on the top is their vinaigrette sauce that comes with it. They don't only make sandwich but also salads, hot sandwich or famous "croque monsieur". I know that their best seller is prosciutto so ladies and gentlemen, a sandwich and orangina and you would feel like in Paris!!! Also great customer service. Once they made a mistake on my order to go and when I called, Xavier couldn't apologize more. When I came back the next day, the person at the counter apologized again sooo many times. I just couldn't believe it. So la Sandwicherie, you have a friend in me !!!
Fresh bread, quality fresh ingredients, very fast service.  Can't go wrong.  But be sure you want the hot peppers, otherwise ask them to not include them.
I'm not a huge sandwich eater but I love this place! Do not let the fact that it is in an alley next to a gas station scare you off, there is a reason you have a hard time finding a stool no matter what time of day you go. My favorite sandwich is prosciuto with camabert, but honestly I have yet to have any combo there that isn't amazing.  I also recommend you get it loaded (which basically consists of lettuce, olives, hot peppers, bell peppers and cornicorns....yes I said cornicorns). Then there is the house dressing, I swear I could just eat a bowl of that. They do sell it now, but it just isn't the same. This past visit I tried one of their vegetable juice blends too which was also amazing. Fresh fruits and veggies blended right in front of you....AMAZING! If you are ever in South Beach, this is a must place to go too.
I don't think I need to add more to my fellow Yelpers, but to reiterate that the place is great. My family loved their fruit and yogurt cups, smoothies and shakes. The staff was great and very friendly. If you visit Miami Beach be sure to stop by.
I finally made it to one of the most famous cheap spot in South Beach.  I ordered a tuna sandwich and oranginaria.  The sandwich was very fresh and had everything on it.  I should have had the bread toasted since the bread is too big and over powers the ingredients.  the atmosphere is cool and very cool since the restaurant is just a big long counter and if it rains you're in trouble!  Fun place to eat.  3.5 stars  It's a good sandwich shop.
Today I had a medical appointment at Mount Sinai - what can I tell you - poked and prodded more times than a cheap hooker at a batchelor party.  I needed something to give me a smile or the next needle going in my body better be dispensing heroin.  Did I also mention I ride the bus?  Ever ridden the "C" from Mount Sinai to downtown?  Might as well be a mortician's van with all the near dead elderly.  And then oh happy luck - a good passel of 10-12 Japanese tween tourists with one supervisor and each one with luggage bigger than their petite little bodies had to load up on the bus with the near dead grannies and an increasingly grumpy Roberto.  Finally at 14th and Washington I gave up and left (as everyone was being scooted up into the higher tier of the bus to accommodate someone in a wheel chair - sheesh - weren't there days when people like this were locked in the cellar - out of sight out of mind?!)  To put a smile on my face I marched straight to La Sandwicherie - a Sobe icon as far as I'm concerned and always, yes always serving a darn good sandwich. Besides being able to chat up sweet slim French youth who work the almost hidden outdoor alley way walk up I can depend on the freshest of ingredients; crunchy lettuces and bell peppers, smooth bries and camemberts and slightly sassy saucy saussisan sec - a Franco-salami that also never fails to deliver a mouth popping meaty tart taste - LOVE IT!  While optional, who would forgo the delicious tangy dressing that is all their own and the little sprinkling of gherkins and olives that give the sandwich that European flair.  I just adore La Sandwicherie and her coterie of gallant gallic sandwich creators. Le Sandwicherie - you certainly have that bon vivant je ne sais quoi that truly made my day!
I literally had dreams about their sandwiches. We tried to eat here as much as possible. One story though, there was a couple of super model looking girls there waiting for their sandwiches. They were clearly american and kept trying to speak to the workers in Spanish. Read the sign ladies, the place is French
Good bang for you buck. Parking sucks but that it
This Place is as good as it gets, been a fan of this place for 6 years now. all of there food is so fresh, the smoothies are amazing, the staff is amazing, the location has the most amazing miami feeling to it. and the vinaigrette will make you want to make love with the bar table. If you are in the mood for a sandwhich there is no better place in Florida or the east coast than LaSandwicherie! this place is truly a hidden gem in Miami Beach........Great Job Guys!
amazingly delicious. I got the exotic salad and a rainforest smoothie, and both unbelievably tasty and so fresh. The French dressing they use is absolutely delicious. The location is also really convenient and the bar type set up gives it the perfect beach-y vibe. It was so good that I ended up going for lunch again the next day!
Small local sandwich shop, the reviews do not lie! The sandwiches are huge and i love how fresh everything is.... Never had one like it. I will definitelly go back! Highly recommend.
I wish Yelp had more stars because I love this place so much. The absolute best sandwiches I've ever had in Miami. It doesn't hurt that my favorite old school bar, The Deuce, is directly across the street. And the bartenders there will happily provide you with a paper plate a napkins with your cocktail. Both places are open late and share an air of complete authenticity.
The only thing I miss about working in Miami Beach is being able to walk to get lunch here. The staff are wonderful and the smoked salmon on a baguette is to die for! Try it with their house vinaigrette...
This place was awesome. It was our last day in MIami Beach and we had heard great things about this legendary sandwich stand, so we didn't want to miss out. I don't know how anybody could complain about the sandwiches, they were huge, full of fresh ingredients and beyond delicious. I shared the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich (plus avocado) with my fiancée and it was enough for the both of us. The prosciutto was among the best I've had in America (usually you get the cooked ham masquerading as prosciutto - not here) and the mozzarella was perfect. The sammy was packed with other yummy ingredients, including hot peppers for a spicy kick. We had a smoothie also, which was 100% fruit and ice, the perfect thing for the morning after a night of partying. A note about seating: you're in Miami Beach! Walk your sangwich the three blocks to the boardwalk, sit on the wall and eat it there! It's not exactly a sit-down restaurant, though there are bar-like seats available if you can't wait the five minutes to eat (and who could blame you? Did I mention these sandwiches rock?). My only regret is that we didn't go there sooner so I was unable to taste more than the one sandwich. It's open 21 hours (22 on Friday and Saturday) every day so it's perfect for any meal, including but not limited to second breakfast, brunch, and 4th meal. Go, go, go, go!
it was beautiful day today in Miami :) I hit up clevander for sum water after my beach nap id ask dude where was a good lil local spot not so touristy , told him I wanted a good ok sammich ;p he suggested here, got a tropical sandwich , very yummy ! dudes that work there r pretty silly n make u feel comfortable , it's outside seating n the looks of the customers I guess the locals kno that's the spot
A must if you are in Miami,  if you like sandwiches there is no reason not to come here! Everything is fresh, and straightforward. It gets busy sometimes and you may have to wait for a stool to become available if you want to eat at the counter but thats fine w me. I am obsessed with their homemade dressing. I drench my sandwich in it. They also bottle it as well as their french pickles for purchase. Fresh baguettes, fresh ingredients. I cannot believe the last person who reviewed this place said they should learn something from subway!!! Seriously? Subway? Where u get 2 small pieces of cheese, one tomato? That is what you are comparing this place to? Listen to someone who actually knows what they're talking about. If you want a fresh sandwich come here, theirs no secret to why its good, (except their sauce) its just fresh ingredients and they don't skimp here with the toppings, or meats and cheeses. Locals, tourists, and drunk ppl after a night partying come here.
Great sandwiches. I try to come back to this place every time I am in South Beach.
Good avocado sandwich. We ordered delivery and the best part was the delivery guy--SO enthusiastic and friendly!
We were only in Miami for 5 days, and we ate here 5 times, so that should tell you something. This spot is great for grabbing lunch, ordering to-go and it's definitely perfect for drunk food until 5am. I loved the baguette, fresh ingredient combos, and the gigantic portions! Each time we stopped here we had kick ass food and fun times, plus unlike most of our other Miami detours, it didn't break the bank!
Excellent sandwich, fast and friendly delivery and affordable prices.
Great sandwiches with quality ingredients.  Pretty large meals my only complaint is that its a little expensive and it was really crowded with not that many places to eat.  But I would definitely recommend this place.  I got the seafood sand which and my aunt got the mozzarella, we both got french bread which was extremely fresh.  I definitely will be going back here soon.
Visited Miami for 6 days and only ate here on the last day...critical error on my part. smh. This place is delicious and you cannot go wrong with their food. I got the SoBe Club and Flamingo smoothie...hit the spot and I want more.  If u in Miami Beach...eat here. asap. And they are open late!!!
I love this place......great sandwiches, friendly staff!  I probably eat here once a week and always enjoy my lunch. They take your orders quickly and get your food out even quicker.  The french dressing they offer is amazing....huge sandwiches for a small price....but if u dont spend more then $10 you cant use a credit card so be sure to bring some cash.  Seating is along a bar....so keep that in mind when going with friends...... Good Stuff!!!!!
We were in South Beach for two weeks and ate here everyday. They have salads, sandwiches (either on baguette or croissant), fruit smoothies and vegetable juices (made from fresh fruit and veggies they prepare there). I don't like dressing and sauces, but their own signature French dressing made every sandwich an amazing experience. The sandwiches were big enough to save half for later. The price, the food, the staff all great. Best of all: the menu reads 'all substitutions and combinations possible'!!!! Oh My God. Don't expect to find seating for lunch or dinner; it's a long counter with maybe 8 stools.
Arrived early morning to get  rolls for our journey to Key West. Friendly service, well filled rolls with plenty of meat filling. Came with small pots of dressing to add as we needed. Doesn't look much as a place to eat but definitely do the best filled rolls. Check it out if in the area...
Definitely recommend! Always fresh, good selection, good prices and fast! I think I have tried almost everything in the menu and I have never been disappointed...
Yummie yummie little slice of heaven.  It's a "hole in the wall" looking place that apparently is not so secretive.  I came here two days in a row to pick up sandwiches and smoothies to take to the beach.  The smoothies were good, a little too tart for my taste but still pretty legit.  But my goodness the sandwiches are awwwwwesome!  The prosciutto with fresh mozzarella was fantastic.  I love the little french pickles in the sandwich and I absolutely love the French vinaigrette dressing.    I really regret not buying a bottle, or ten, to take home with me. And I regret not getting to try the Saucisson sandwich, since I'm a sucker for that sort of junk.  I guess that gives me even more of an excuse to go back to Miami soon. The place has outdoor bar seating that only seats a handful of people.  It gives it a super casual, laid-back feel.   I loved the guy that took our order as well, and his cute little accent "taaank kyooo." Ha!
This is a EXCELLENT sandwhich spot. There is nothing I love more than spending a hot day at the beach and then cooling off at La Sandwhicherie. All their ingredients are fresh. They offer an array of fruits for smoothies and their sandwiches are WOW. They use fresh french bread and have this DELICIOUS dressing the put on the sandwiches. Cheap, clean, and tastey. Oh and they are open late too!
On my yearly trips to MIA, I always make sure I stop and get a sandwich and La Sandwicherie.  The sandwiches are huge and packed w/ meat, veggies, and cheese.  I usually get the turkey & cheddar and add various veggies on a baguette. My sister gets the same on a croissant.  She has been to France many times and says the sandwiches remind her of the ones in France. The only reason I give it 4 stars is b/c the last time I ate there, I didn't feel too well after.  I'm not sure if the food was bad or if it was just me b/c my sister was fine.  I will still continue to go there every year regardless. I'm hoping eventually they will open one up in Jersey, but you know how it goes...Once a place becomes a chain, it gets ruined.
My friend insisted that we go here for lunch during our stay in South Beach. We rolled up to the little shop which is right off the beach. There were a lot of people standing off to the side and in front of the counter. It didn't seem like there was a formal line or anything. It was kind of like ordering a drink at the bar. The guy running the show was really good about letting people know he was ready to take the next order. I ordered the Turkey & Camembert on french baguette and my friend got the Prosciutto & Camembert - both with the works. After we ordered, my friend turns to me and says: do we get a number? The owner, who is almost at the other end of the counter, somehow hears her and yells "No!". It took forever to get our sandwiches! The owner kept reassuring us that ours was coming next, but every time I saw two sandwiches go into a to-go bag, it somehow wasn't ours =( Finally, after 20 minutes, our long awaited sandwiches were handed to us. I felt like I had just won the lottery! We hurried back to our beach chairs and eagerly opened our sandwiches. The T&C was delish. The baguette was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. I looove pickles, so the cornichons (french pickles) were a nice surprise. I decided to eat mine of the sandwich. The only thing I wouldn't get next time are red onions. They were a little too much for me. The sandwich was huge. I ended up eating only half of mine. My friend and I probably should have shared, but then we wouldn't have leftovers to enjoy =P would love to come back and try out other sandwiches.
I had my first La Sandwicherie experience in July of 2010 and it was amazing.  First off, the sandwiches are huge, the salads are huge too and very similar to the sandwiches minus the bread.  You will be full and most people aren't able to eat a sandwich in its entirety.  I was able to, but that's only because I am greedy. Second, this place practically never closes.  Honestly I think they are open from 8am to 6am. Like really and I think they only close for those two hours to get their bread delivery, prep the meat/cheese and clean thoroughly. I wish they had a location closer to my house because I would be there all the time.  This place is not the most vegetarian friendly place I've ever eaten at, but I was able to eat there. They have cheese sandwiches, veggie sandwiches and egg sandwiches for vegetarians.  I ended up just getting a basic veggie sandwich with lettuce, olives, tomatoes, cucumber, onions, peppers and pickles with an Orangina.  Meat eaters however would have a field day they have several different types of cold cuts and many sandwich options (some of which are served hot). I think what I enjoyed the most about this place was the ambiance.  All the seating is outside and you sit around the counter on bar stools/ or stand if all the stools are taken.  The guy who took my order was really cool and conversed with me while I people watched and ate my sandwich.  He told me about all the great places to party but I had just as much fun sitting at the counter talking to him as I did at the party I went to later that night.  With that being said the food + the service/ambiance gives this place four stars.  Next time you're in South Beach check it out.
I would travel all the way to Miami to get a prosciutto and camembert sandwich with all the fixins and their special dressing on top. Yes it may end up looking like a salad sandwich, but they don't go frugal on the meat or cheese. Well worth the ~$10 it set me back. My memory fails me on which smoothie I had, but the star was the sandwich and the drink just played a supporting role. I was going to get the salmon salad too, but the guy behind the counter said it was huge and the sandwich more than filled me up, so I will have to hold off to my next visit to South Beach.
yummy! got the salami and cheese. really enjoyed it
Their mushroom Brie soup was amazing! Service was also wonderful. They are super nice.
After you eat here you'll wanna burn Subway down. This is eating fresh. This is soooo darn good. I hate tough bread and I once made the mistake of not getting the croissant. Uh I won't do that again. Go with the croissant unless you like gnawing away on taut bread. Anyways the meats are fresh, great selection of cheeses.... I want a sandwich right now.
I'm now a senior in college--a fact that was confirmed tonight when my friends and I walked into a frat party and realized that we wanted to leave after just five minutes. We were waiting in some crowded little room, clutching our solo cups, hoping just to catch a glimpse of the keg (let alone an ounce of beer), when we decided that this wasn't our idea of fun anymore. There we were, a group of 21 year old girls in jean shorts and flip flops, surrounded by the new freshman that were decked out in high heels and whorish smelling perfumes...one of these things just doesn't belong here. So we headed to Brickell to mourn the end of our "fresh meat" status, over a round of Blue Moon beers at the Irish Pub. After attaining our much-needed buzz, we decided to move on to its late night counterpart--FOOD! When I go out with my girlfriends, I would say that we spend  1/2 the night talking about the drunk food we want to eat, and the other  1/2 of the night actually consuming that food. As you can imagine, there was a great deal of debate as to where our fourth meal would be enjoyed, but eventually we decided to make the trip to South Beach for La Sandwicherie--who can resist the "secret sauce"? If you haven't tried this secret sauce that I speak of, well then you haven't fully experienced life. The secret sauce is a flavorful, homemade, Dijon mustard kind of dressing that can make anything taste incredible, especially the Proscuitto Mozzarella Sandwich that has made La Sandwicherie so famous here in South Florida. The sandwich comes with thinly sliced proscuitto, fresh sliced tomato, red onion slivers, lettuce, and creamy mozzarella all on a French baguette. The flavors and textures balance each other perfectly; the proscuitto adds the perfect amount of saltiness to the mozzarella, the lettuce and red onion are crisp against the soft roll, and the secret sauce adds just the right amount of tang to this enormous sandwich. I must confess that my roommates and I seriously debated the proper term to describe this inexplicably delicious sauce as we inhaled our sandwiches in my car, and tang was the best that we could come up with. I'm not sure if it's the best adjective, but words cannot possibly capture the amazing-ness of this stuff anyways. Ohh, and the best part about La Sandwhicherie is that it is guilt free drunk food, unlike Taco Bell or pizza. I mean, no one likes to wake up in the morning and find Taco Bell hot sauce packets scattered around their car (we've all been there), but to wake up and find a little container of secret sauce in your console...well, that is like finding a precious gem. Although I go to La Sandwicherie for late night dining usually, it is equally as delicious mid-day sober too. Please, please, please, go to La Sandwicherie...but caution: it may be habit forming!
good sandwiches. i dont get the hype over their vinaigrette. not precisely 'that cheap' but they do use fresh ingredients. 15% gratuity added after 10pm on the weekends due to ungrateful douchebags who frequently roam around the area.
So many years eating here...this whole in the wall place never disappoints when it comes to taste and freshness. It's a must go to or order from every March when my LA hipster music conference freak friends are in town. Delivery service also never let me nor anyone else I know down!
Great food and friendly service!!  Sandwiches are extremely delicious!   We will go back!
Best sandwiches on the beach. Fair prices, great service and fresh quality food. Love the mozzarella, bread and cornichons. Also the above average sauce (with Dijon mustard) is for sale by the bottle to take home.
oh La Sandwicherie...what happened to you?! !  I used to depend on you for that oh so delicious, late night croque monsieur that was filled with melted, gooey cheese and warm ham...but you disappointed me when I came back for a visit last week.  the monsieur was barely warm...the cheese barely melted and the ham cold!  zut alors!!!
The croissant was awesome, make sure to get the "magic" sauce. Also the prices are really reasonable, only about 5 dollars for a smoothie that was ummm so good.
my favorite place in south beach!!! Great food, Great price... Amazing service!!!! I'm driving from Sunny Isles to south beach just for this place!!! Love it!!!
Delicious, fresh sandwiches and loads of South Beach character! Don't miss out on the French vinaigrette dressing. This place is also easy on the budget.
In love with this place! Best sandwiches on island... Actually ANYWHERE!!! French owner is so nice! I'm pretty sure he sleeps there he's always there, but quick, amazingly priced for quantity and quality and ammmmaaazinnnggg!!! Don't. Even. Try.... Subway, public, jimmy johns, hoagies, Quiznos ..ect... I can't even stress enough how amazing this place is!! Go go go!!!
Really big sandwiches! I will come again! The boss here is very nice and the food is awesome! Great choices! You can not finish one by yourself but it worth of trying!
After being out in the sun all day, wanted something near our hotel that was going to be light, fresh, tasty and inexpensive. Also wanted to hit a local hot-spot and this place did it! We ordered the smoked salmon w/cheese on a flakey croissant with everything on it and a French salami w/Camembert on a baguette. Both were delicious, but my smoked salmon won first place. You need to come here if visiting Miami Beach and see how the locals do their sammies. Btw, their sandwiches are huge!
I had my doubts when I saw the reviews and ratings of a small sandwich shop. I am no longer in doubt and I am humbled. This place is actually excellent in terms of price, taste, and portion. Also, it's one of the few places (only place I experienced actually) which does not add an automatic percentage tip onto the bill.
My friend raved about this place we got he prosciutto and brie. The procsciutto was great, maybe the best I've ever had but the baguette was lame and took away from the sandwich. Oh an that sauce is awesome!
This place has incredible sandwiches. If you want a great local place while in Miami definitely go there!! Had an egg sandwich that was to die for!
Fresh. Delicious. Friendly staff. Quick service. Buff said. Go there.
This was lunch for us during our second day in Miami Beach.  I ordered the Camembert on a croissant with everything on it, except olives and lettuce.  I also ordered a Rain Forest smoothie.  The food was again fine.  The main reason for a lower rating than most people is the fact that the wait was about 40+ minutes.  We were first waiting in line to order, then we were waiting to sit.  While we were grabbing seats it seemed that the line at the dine in counter was easier to order at than what we thought was the only ordering line.  I can definitely say you can't beat the price and the portion size. Everyone else I was with was completely stuffed. The other thing I should say is that the guy taking the ordered seemed very harried, the waitress at the dine in area, was very nice.  I would give this 3.5 stars, but I typically round down. Once again, in fairness to the restaurant, I am observing lent, and gave up meat.  So, this severely restricted my options as far as food.  I might have given this a higher rating if I could have had another sandwich.
Great little hole in the wall sandwich spot. Its open 24 hours a day so you can always get your sandwich fix...they're even open on Christmas because I went there. The sandwiches are fresh and delicious. I had the sliced chicken with some mozzarella and it was amazing. You have to make sure that you get one of their bottles of vinaigrette and smother your sandwich in it...that stuff is a staple to their sandwiches. There's not much to this place because its literally just a few windows with some stools and you can sit at the window and eat your sandwich. Its no frills but definitely no hassle but very enjoyable. I find that places like this make the best kind of food. The only problem that I found is that they have these tiny napkins and the sandwiches tend to make a mess (especially if you put a ton of the vinaigrette) and you will easily go through ten of those little napkins. They need to put out some rolls of paper towels or bigger more absorbent napkins.
Great staff, tasty food- and really affordable! Open basically all the time great place for breakfast, lunch, diner. If you are non sandwich person like me , their salads are great too!!
i dont know why anyone else would want to get any other sandwich from anywhere else. makes subway sandwiches taste like poo. LOVED it. jared take note... LA SANDWICHERIE. I had the chicken salad sandwich with french baguette. Soooooo good. The chicken was moist and the savory. Tasty down to the dressing.
Very good sandwiches with a lot of options.  Everything was fresh.  The workers are really sweet and make sure you are happy with the sandwich. Outside seating only, so great place to be when the weather is nice.
(Pronounced in a relaxing tone) Ahhh La Sandwicherie is a magical place. Fresh fabulous sandwiches that are easy on the pocketbook and are reasonably recession-proof. I have been visiting this Miami gem since I was a teen. I have tried many sandwiches..but I must say that their Camembert and turkey is to die for. For those of you who have never had the pleasure of making the aquaintance of their "special sauce"..let me elaborate. Their mouthwatering, scrumptious, I dream about it, sandwich dressing is a mustard dijon vinagrette. They keep it in dineresque squeeze bottles.Just one drizzle does not suffice. It is a lovely acompaignement to any sandwich as are their mini French pickles. The only reason I gave it four rather than five stars is due to their lack of seating. I have secretly prayed for years they would buy the place next door. Trust me this lovely hoile in the wall will leave you saying oui oui bon bon!
Best Italian sandwich! Fresh ingredients, quick service, great condiments! Two of us split one sandwich and it was more than enough. Wish we had a sandwich joint like this in Chicago. Yum Yum!
"Parlez-vous La Sandwicherie" I haven't lived in Miami long but on numerous occasions, I have walked, run, biked, or scootered by La Sandwicherie. Each time being intrigued by the busy and bustling atmosphere. Finally! Yesterday, like stars aligning my schedule, stomach, and wallet were simultaneously ready. Bellying up to the counter, I was approached by a blonde, tanned, French employee who was obviously the man of the house (manager). Reminiscent of a European villain from Die Hard, I imagined this tanned sandwich maker threatening my life and those around me with a crusty baguette. Or possibly a bottle of Perrier broken on the edge of the counter top. Neither occurred, but what happened was his recommendation of the "Salami and Camembert." Layered inside the best French baguette I have had in years was a surprisingly large amount of camembert and salami. Topped with crisp cucumber, acidic yet sweet tomatoes, lettuce, onion, olives and baby pickles, the sandwhich was then finished with an addictive mustard vinaigrette. If I hadn't taken my sandwich to go I would have tapped the place dry. Anytime you feel like getting in touch with your inner Frenchy and loosing the ability to annunciate "R"s properly, stop by La Sandwhicherie. If you have a scooter to ride off into the sunset, it really enhances the Euro experience. I would know.
Don't understand the hype. To start with: the bread is a disgrace (worst of white bread disguising as baguette). Then the ham, cheese, salad or whatever you order just gets loaded on there - quantity instead of quality. Their ingredients seem pretty fresh but that's really the least I'd expect. I had a salad and they stuffed the box with lettuce, onion, industrial tomatoes, cucumbers and more (I threw more than half away after I was full) and piled a stack of 'prosciutto' slices on top for me to disassemble with my plastic fork - no fun, no good. My friend had a camembert baguette and threw half of the cheese out because it was simply too much. Again: quantity instead of quality. There's not much place to sit either at the counters when it's lunch-rush-hour so we took our food to the beach and fought with the wind.
This a one star to average out the other idiot reviews. Nothing special, clearly a "trendy" spot for whatever ghetto reason. The ham and turkey were the best processed meat I have ever had...lol.
Great little walk-up sandwich place. The sandwiches were huge and seating is sparse.
Flew into Miami for work and wanted to find a quick place to grab a bite.. This place was AMAZING! So yummy and they were super fast and very cool. I was originally planning on going back to my hotel but it was so inviting that I decided to stay and eat! I had the turkey and Brie on a croissant.... AWESOME!!!
Ordered their most popular - the French salami and camembert sandwich. It was okay but not at all worth making the trip to get one. Plus, there's no where to sit (the few bar seats they have were all taken) so you have to take it to go or eat standing. Sucked. Have no idea why it's rated so highly, but then again, I'm from Los Angeles where we get some of the best food in the world and honestly, I think our palates are a little more sophisticated.
I don't understand how this place gets good reviews.  When you order a sandwich your lucky if the bread isn't stale. I'd say 70 percent of the time it is. They also use cheap deli meat and salads are a joke.  By the way, it's also located a in rat and hooker infested ally.  Bon appetit.
I love sandwiches. This place is very busy and the staff is very friendly but, I thought the sandwiches lacked flavor. They are put together so fast and put so many toppings on that it's difficult to eat. I'm my opinion it's not about how huge a sandwich is that make it, it's all about  the layers of flavor the offer. Every bit should make me want more. Sorry, this place did nothing for me. The sandwiches look amazing and huge but, the first bite disappointed me. I gave it a 3 star because I love the concept, the speed at which they produce and they were very friendly.
4.5 stars.  The sandwiches are just ridiculous. The vinegarette that they are known for would make the napkins taste great.  Everything is so fresh and made to order. If I had one in my back yard I doubt I would be able to eat somewhere else. I will be here at least once every time I visit Miami.
It's a sandwich shop with outdoor seating.
Awesome sandwiches.. Had the prosciutto and mozzarella and it was great. My wife had the Tina on a croissant and it was good too. Definitely will go again.
Adorable stand by the side of the street. Fresh french baguette sandwiches! Not much counter space, but people eat and move out of the way. You order at the counter and they make it right there in front of you. Sandwiches were on french baguettes. ALL their ingredients were so fresh. You can taste it. It's just like real french food. Fresh Mozzarella Sandwich. Yum if you like mozzarella cheese as much as I do you will love this. Lots of cheese and veggies. FRESHHH everything..hence the name Loved the little pickles they have. Oh they might put jalapenos if you ask for everything so be wary. My friend had the Chicken Sandwich. Which was good if you want some meat in your sandwich. It had the consistency of tuna, but just chicken and yummy. Heard their smoothies are really good here, but didn't get a chance to try. Wayyyyy better than subway. AND THEY DELIVER. Depending on the time. ENJOY!
This really is as good a sandwich as I have ever had.  I had the prosciutto and mozzarella - incredible! freshest bread, with the toppings overflowing and that sauce.....oh my!  sooooo good.  the pickles, the hot peppers, everything really was a treat. I really did love everything about this place - even the seating situation (at the counter) We are trying to not do repeat meals while in Miami for this week - but we might have to make an exception for this place.
Had the "famous Croque Monsieur" from here.  It was good...not spectacular but good.  Not huge but just right (even a bit on the small side but the salad can fill you up if you're still hungry).  The salad was very fresh...VERY fresh.  It would've been great to try the other sandwiches to give a better review of the place, but my siblings only got a boring turkey sandwich.  It looked great and was definitely on the bigger side.  Looked like a great sandwich, but like another reviewer stated...maybe it's great for Miami but not in other places known for sandwiches.
i like this place but its not to die for as is represented by its ueber hyped reputation. i did enjoy all the sammiches i had there including the pate sandwich and any croissant sammic. its a good place to walk over from the beach and sit at the bar. simple and casual but it would be nice to scale back on the arrogant service which is a bit out of place really.
Wish we had something like this back home! We stopped by after drinks at the broken shaker.  Love  the healthier options (wheat roll, fruit and veggie smoothies and salads)! Yeah it's not your typical late night post-drinking meal but not all of us can handle grease like we used to.  Glad they are open till 5 am!
I work on Lincoln Road and prefer to stay in the area for lunch, but La Sandwicherie is so worth the short drive to 14th St and the creepy alleyway parking. All of their ingredients are super fresh and plentiful. A friend got a Ham &Turkey on a croissant and described his toppings as "a forest of lettuce." The cornichons and vinaigrette are, indeed, spectacular, and this coming from someone who doesn't like pickles OR most dressings. The service isn't really friendly, but they take care of everyone quickly and without a fuss. It can be difficult to get their attention, though, so get there knowing what you want. They won't wait for you to decide. I came to this place because one review said they had a great grilled cheese (my guilty pleasure). I ordered one and was disappointed. The lady at the counter didn't even know what I was asking for. It was a little bit embarrassing on my end. Skip that. All of their other sandwiches are amazing but my favorite is the Roast Beef. The baguette is soft and easy to bite into, and you can replace the mayo with a hearty helping of their famous vinaigrette. Bottom line: Love this place. Best sammie on the beach.
Best sandwich that I've had in South Beach. I got the turkey and camembert with everything. They are really filling, so consider splitting it with someone. Seating is very limited, as we had to stand.
it s hard to find some healthy/light food in south beach but these sandwiches are really fresh and good for a very reasonnable  price ! go there!
Delicious, amazing, fresh sandwiches.  I had the sobe club.  An open bar storefront with limited seating options but worth it.
Consider what a World of Peace and Happiness looks like....   Well my friends... La Sandwicherie is saving the world one sandwiche at a time. See for yourself when you visit South Beach....
Always fresh and scrumptious salads.
b/c of yelp and its effect on my best friend i have experienced another special find. i had the croque monsier and carrot juice. the juice was ok, the croque was delightful and served with a fresh garden salad. the dressing they use is marvelous and they put loads of cornichon on everything. i sampled a good amount of my bfs prosciuto/brie sandwich. it was fresh, tasty and delish! id def come back. its an outdoor place where u can sit right up at the counter. very laid back. rainy days might suck. i dig it.
My life feels incomplete without a bottle of La Sandwicherie Vinaigrette in my fridge. Best sandwiches in Miami, hands down. All of their ingredients are so fresh and flavorful, all you need is a drizzle of the vinaigrette and its perfect, no mayo, no crazy condiments, just simple and delicious. (And cheap!) I usually get the fresh mozzarella and salami, sometimes the prosciutto and camembert, the veggies are always so fresh they look like the came out of the garden that morning, and the bread is always fresh baked and soft with just the right crunch on the crust. And they deliver!
Awesome sandwiches minutes from the Beach. My girlfriend and I stopped by and had the Camembert and Avocado sandwiches on Tuesday. You order one main ingredient, but the real treat is the plethora of fresh toppings available (lettuce, tomato, onions, cucumbers, gerkins, peppers,...) They were so great that we came back the next day! Fast, friendly service round things out .
This is a very atmospheric outdoor sandwich shop.  Because the weather in March, when I visited, was exceptionally nice I did not mind that it only has outdoor seating.  I found it to be very clean, and if you want a good sandwich while you are visiting Miami Beach, this is certainly worth a visit.
To be completely honest, this is probably the best sandwich that I have ever delivered on a direct flight to my taste buds. Seriously, this place is about as awesome as it comes for sandwiches in South Beach. The set up is a small window that you can order at, there is a small ATM machine that sits next to the window as well. You walk up and place your order with a friendly guy. If you are lucky enough to fit at the lunch bar then you can sit down. Once your sandwich is prepared they will sit it down in front of you and also provide you with some sauce in a squirt bottle. The combination of both was absolutely amazing. We frequented this establishment a number of times throughout our week and each time we were happy with our order. we even suggested this spot to a number of our friends and they came back and thanked us. I look forward to being in South Beach again so that I can visit this place again.
First thing I do is to come to this place when I get here. Love this place!
I've been coming here since 2007, BEST SANDWICH place in South Beach! Always open really really late and has the nicest staff. The cute lil shop is on the corner with stool seating and about 3 blocks away from the beach. Everything is FRESH, delicious and freaking amazing! THE DRESSING is out of this world! I always get turkey and roast beef with provolone on baguette with EVERYTHING on it. (CHECK OUT MY PICS I UPLOADED) Extra pickles and dressing on the side is a must. I can eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner - which is perfect since you don't want to eat too heavy when in a bikini all day LOL. You should slurp down a fruity blended cocktail from WET WILLIES and munch on a sandwich to keep you from getting too tipsy during the day (AT NIGHT HIT UP CLUB MANSION OR THE WALL @ THE W HOTEL) They even sale the french dressing by the bottle so you can take home and share with your family and friends. I treat myself to this classic french sandwich shop every time I come to Miami, and you should too! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
This is an amazing sandwich place right in the heart of South Beach Miami. The sandwiches here are all made to order with the freshest ingredients I have ever had in a sandwich. What makes them even better is the vinagrett dressing that you can put on. It is so damn good that I wanted to take the bottle home with me, but dont worry I didnt cause Im not a scum bag lol. The seating is an outdoor bar like hut. Inside the sandwiches are made and you sit at what seemed like an old bar. Next time Im in South Beach with the boys we are def going back
A friend recommended this place so we stopped by after bar hopping on Ocean Blvd. The place is at the corner of the street where cars drive by and they do not have much seating.  You'll probably want to order to go if you don't want to stand around eating your food.  We ordered the prosciutto sandwiches.  6 orders came out to about $56.  We were thinking, wow these must be some really bomb sandwiches for that price. When we finally ate the sandwiches (even being drunk), we didn't see what the hype was all about.  The bread seem like it had been sitting out awhile since it was kind of hard. The ingredients were fresh but the only good thing about the sandwich was that they packed on the ingredients...nothing special at all.
Small, corner/alley sandwich shop in the heart of Miami Beach. Seating only available along the counter with your back to the alleyway. I came here after I found good reviews online, and it did not disappoint! The baguette tasted fresh as well as the mozzarella and prosciutto. The plethora of toppings, especially the hot peppers and French pickles, really have this sandwich a great flavor and crunch. I loaded mine up with the special sauce- try it! Next time I'm in South Beach, I'll be back!
I am thinking that maybe my friend Sahar may have hyped this place up too much as the best sandwiches in the world. I am also thinking that the quality of the specific sandwich I ate ("prosciutto and mozzarella") may have diminished slightly because it was delivered and not eaten at the restaurant. Nevertheless the croissant was certainly flaky and delicious, the vegetables fresh and yummy, and well, who doesn't like prosciutto in large quantities? I could've done without the pickels and cucumbers but that's more personal preference and nothing to do with the restaurant itself. All in all a delicious and slightly healthier alternative for a meal after a night of drinking (as opposed to the usual Chipotle/Taco Bell). p.s. The vinaigrette rocks! Request it in abundance.
I came here for lunch on a random weekday on the way through Miami and really enjoyed my sandwich. There wasn't a line so we were able to sit right at the bar, enjoy the mist while hiding in the shade. The sandwiches here were fantastic and the veggies were fresh and delicious. Plus the sauce. I don't know what's in it but it was bomb. Nice employees who enjoy their craft.
Couldn't have expected a better sandwhich!!  Staff is very friendly and everything is really fresh. I reccomend sharing unless you're starving. Have to check this place out for a quick lunch. Loved loved loved it.
This place serves the most delicious sandwiches ever. It is an establishment on South Beach and must be visited. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything is served with fresh ingredients and their special sauce is unbelievably good. The breakfast menu is a great deal, it's not only delicious but filling. I love the ham and cheese on croissant with a cafe late and OJ. For lunch I love to get the Frenchie which is French salami and Brie cheese loaded with beautiful fresh vegetable and lots of sauce. Another great Sandwich is the Sobe, which is turkey, brie, and avocado. Be careful the smoothies are addicting. This is the only place on the beach that makes smoothies with fresh fruit! I highly recommend the bora bora (mango, pineapple, banana, and orange juice). It's the perfect blend sweet and citrus. The restaurant is very charming. After I eat I always like to hangout and people watch. The sandwich maker always put on a show, making dozens of sandwiches in just minutes. And the staff is always happy and friendly.
When it comes to La Sandwicherie, the old saying holds true, you can't judge a book by its cover. This place is in a little corner looks like if you drive by you miss it LOL Delicious, fresh sandwiches and loads of South Beach character! . This place is also easy on the budget. Reminds me of Europe.
I'm gonna be honest, I'm not sure what all the hype on this place is about. It is a decent to good sandwich at best. I had a chicken sandwich and it definitely wasn't the best thing I've ever had or anything. I also didn't like how they don't take a credit or debit card. It drives me nuts when places don't take cards now.
best sandwicherie in Miami Beach
My fave is their Turkey sandwich. SUPER filing, tasty, freshly made sandwiches (large enough to share), a bit overpriced (about 10bucks per sandwich). . . Still, good luck finding a seat!
Just awesome sandwiches - these guys are for real.
After arriving in Miami, me and my friends were starved. Luckily this was right next to our hotel and after seeing the rave reviews we decided to try it. The sandwiches were delicious and the sauce in the bottle made it delicioussss.  My friend got a salad and it looked huge with an array of different veggies and toppings. Portions are large and super affordable.  I can see why this place is popular at night. And the service was super nice! Everyone ensured that our meal was up to their standards and did so with a smile. If you're in the area and craving a sandwich, don't hesitate and go here!
seriously the best sandwich shop this side of paris.  i get the roast beef on croissant, fully freaking loaded.  its a hole in the wall local joint with some of the best food in SOBE.  i love u guys!  thanks for not selling out and changing the product or price point after all these years!  keep up the great work!  oh yeah, and the shakes are amazing too!
Locals favorite located in an alley. The sandwiches are delicious and very fresh.  This place is always packed and you might not get a seat, but you will always get great food.
Wow. The condiments and pairing of the meat+cheese made this sandwich. I asked for the best combination and he paired my roast beef with brie. It was awesome.
OK I'm giving this place five stars b/c the portions are huge, and the ingredients and nice and fresh.  The prosciutto and fresh mozzarella was awesome and the bread was just right.  It's also just a nice little spot to sit out on the stools and do some people watching while you eat.  Always a random crowd of folks and they are open late - bonus!
Not as good as it seems
Went here twice during my 4 day stay, absolutely delicious! All the ingredients and bread are so fresh, and the smoothies are awesome too. We packed sandwiches and took them to the beach! The sauce they make is fantastic too so ask for a bottle if you're eating at the counter.
I love this spot! Why can't they have a location in L.A?  Perhaps off of Venice beach..it would be so popular! It's like an open-air sandwich bar! Just pull up a seat and make your order! Reasonably-priced sandwiches on fresh-baked french bread, with all the trimmings, including some I have never heard of  like "french pickles". The guys who work the stand are hilarious and entertaining and they insist that you finish that big-ass sandwich in one sitting. No-way Jose! Well worth my $6.50
Great, cheap, and fast. What more could you ask for with a sandwich place. Their sandwiches are huge so be prepared to get your money's worth!
prosciutto with fresh mozzarella was good with their peppers and house sauce. either you have it to go or be lucky enough to find a seat! only about 5 minutes walking distance to the hotel i stayed at on Ocean Drive.
Drunk food! This place has awesome sandwiches! Quick, fast, & inexpensive! Loved the roast beef on baguette! Sometimes, there is a long line so get there on off times:)
First off, this place is outdoors only. If you're looking for a place to run away from the rain or the humid weather, this is not a good spot. This is a small joint located right on an alley with a counter and stools. They make the food right in front of you. Imagine a bar but instead of alcohol, they serve good food! I should've picked this place for lunch but I came here for dinner with my friends. Screw it, we were there already and it was pretty packed. I ordered the Tuna Sandwich with everything on it. If you're wondering what that bottle of sauce that is in front of everyone, it's vinagrette. Make sure you get some of that and smack it on your sandwich. It's hella good! I got my sandwich on crossaint bread. My sandwich was huge, I didn't even finish it. My friend who saw me eating it told me to stop spilling it everywhere. Remember the Carl's Jr commercials where the guy chomping the burger and all the sauces were dripping? Well the tuna and veggies were dropping everywhere. They're definitely not stingy with the ingredients here. I also ordered the Bora Bora smoothie which was mediocre. It was hot so I figured something cold would be good. It's not too sweet and not as sour as I assumed it was going to be. All in all, I liked this joint. It's probably best for lunch or late night snack because they close at 5am. Definitely not a sit down joint. I saw locals drive up, clubbers, and all sorts of other people here. I'm assuming this joint is well known; very affordable and huge portions. They have my vote.
well, let me see...while visiting in miami this past weekend we were craving some sandwiches. I heard a lot of good stuff about this place so we decided to try it out. If only the sandwiches were warm then I would increase my rating by 1 star.  First off, this place is totally overpriced. The sandwiches are humongous and after eating 1/2 of it, I was full.  I didn't see anything special about this place...i ordered the combo turkey and ham on a croissant. Overall, this place was mediocre.  I would prefer subway over this place any day.
Hands down the best tasting sandwich I've hand in a long time. This place is legit and a must try for the locals and out of towners. I had the roast beef with everything on French bread. The sandwich was probably as big as a subway sandwich but a lot taller and a bit wider. Roast beef was a medium rare so it definitely was not dry. The toppings was all fresh and the cornichons were damn good. That's what all sandwiches should have, a bite to it, so that crunch factor plays a big role in making this sandwich. The final ingredient I recommend is that you pour that vinaigrette that comes in a small container and pour it all over your sandwich, then proceed to ask for at least one more vinaigrette and save that one so you can pour that over the part that hasn't been exposed to this sauce once you take a bite. Phenomenal is one word to describe this work of art. On a side note, they even know how to say croissant the RIGHT way so they're either for real French or they at least know how to say things the right way in French. Good stuff!
D-elicious, and they D-eliver!  Every time I travel to South Beach, it's on my list for cheap lunch options or late-night hotel room fare.  This place is a MUST if you don't want to bust a budget in South Beach.  I recommend The Alaskan, The Italian and the pate.  All were excellent, but I can't imagine anything on the menu is bad. I will definitely go for a hot sandwich next time.
The best sandwiches on the beach. You cannot fail. Period. My favorites: Turkey/Camembert Salami/Provolone Proscuitto/Mozarella Caprese Salad (add cucumber) The salads are excellent because the lettuce and other ingredients are so fresh. And they don't skimp on the goodies. The dressing is divine. Always ask for extra. Minus one star because they have a tendancy to make mistakes with your order. Sandwicherie, I love thee!
yay! i'm honored to be the 101th review. AMAZING I stumbled upon this counter during long walks around the Miami Beach Area.  I was hesitant to eat standing up, but decided the hordes of people standing around waiting to order. BEST DECISION.  I ordered the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich. AMAZING.  the crusty french bread, the fresh mozzarella, the sweet and tangy pickles, the perfectly seasoned prosciutto.  how can anyone choose anything below four stars??? 101st* oops!
Seriously one of the best sandwich places I've had.  They are very big (you could take home half - but they're so good you'll probably eat the whole thing in one sitting) with home-made bread, and the freshest ingredients - how can you go wrong?!  The house vinaigrette has a light mustard flavor and compliments just about anything on the menu.  Waiting to order can be confusing at first since it's just a counter top and a crowd around it, but once you get their attention the staff is super friendly (including the cutest French man).  Didn't try anything beyond their sandwiches as far as food goes, and for drinks only had their Cafe Shake and Cafe Au Lait - both creamy and delicious.  Absolutely worth the walk on any given day.
Fun sandwich shop! The sandwiches were good, but not the best I've ever had.  The bread was a bit hard, making it challenging to eat the sandwich (Try the wheat or croissant bread instead).  There's a great variety of condiments, and the sauce was very tasty. I had a turkey and mozzarella sandwich.  All the ingredients were fresh, and there was a large selection of sandwich types (I'd never had mozzarella on a sandwich before).  Prices were very fair, considering the large portion size (I saved half the sandwich for later). It can get super busy, but the hard-line waitress kept things moving in primo efficiency.  She had a bit of an attitude (maybe more than she needed to), but kept everything organized and running super smoothly on the sandwich line.  Still took a while to get our food though.
We came here because of all the rave reviews. 1) Brie with french salami with everything - the toppings overwhelmed the sandwich and I could barely taste the brie or salami 2) Prosciutto and fresh mozzarella with everything -  the toppings overwhelmed the sandwich and I could barely taste the prosciutto and mozzarella The sandwiches were HUGE. I prefer sandwiches where I can sample the sandwich in one bite. However, in this case, you either had to eat the bottom of the sandwich and sacrifice the toppings or vice versa. If I come back, I would request less toppings. It felt like an entire salad was dumped onto to the sandwiches. The toppings included pickles, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, green peppers, olives and french vinegrette. We also got the Rain Forest smoothie with strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and bananas. It was good, but I wish the smoothie was larger for $4.45 There is only outdoor counter sitting.
Why is it the chain sub shops use ingredients that are pretty close to those you find here (with some notable exceptions like cornichons and camembert cheese) but La Sandwicherie's subs taste about 20 times better?  It must be time and effort, (or maybe that awesome vinaigrette, now available for sale!) because it takes them about 20  times as long to make a sub.  In typical South Beach fashion, no one working here is in a rush to do anything, including take your order.  But trust me, it's worth the wait.  It has to be to keep the crowds coming at all hours to wolf down their giant subs while enjoying the ambience of a lunch counter overlooking a dirty alley.
great sandwiches eaten at the counter as you watch the guys make your sandwich with amazing speed! a tad on the pricey side but portions are large, ingredients are fresh, and service is fast. i'd definitely eat here again!
Had the ham and turkey as well as the prosciutto and mozzarella which was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had . The owner was very nice the pickles were unusually good and there was some kind of sauce on the counter, honey mustard maybe?, made it that much better. Not a lot of seating but maybe that's part of the charm. While in Miami I would eat here for one of your meals.
I make at least one (and usually two or three) visits to La Sandwicherie each time I am in Miami. The French Vinaigrette is the most amazing sandwich sauce I have ever tasted. You cannot go wrong with any sandwich on the menu! Its also perhaps the best deal in all of South Beach. The ingredients are always fresh. The service, both at the counter or when getting free delivery, is very quick and usually friendly, though sometimes I've experienced some language barriers with the staff which leads to incorrect orders. The only other minor complaint is that they do not always have everything, since they use fresh ingredients, if a delivery is missed you may not be able to order exactly what you wanted. Definitely a must-stop for any SoBe tourist or local! And don't forget to order EXTRA French Vinaigrette!!!
So this place makes big sandwiches--but not great ones.
a sweet little find, (thanks to yelpers), a hole in the wall, miss if you blink,kinda place. but once you have one of their sandwiches, you are hooked and will remember it forever. the turkey and brie on a croissant  loaded with everything is orgasmic w every bite. the bf got the smoked salmon on french bread and was raving about his. the french gentleman(owner) made me forget I was in sobe for a moment and transported to Paris. very friendly, amazing fast service, fantastic sandwiches w. a variety of choices, as well as salads and smoothies. will be back asap.
I had the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella salad, my husband got the salami and brie sandwich.  I would have loved to have rated this a 5 star, but it just not what I expected from a highly rated yelp restaurant.  it was nothing spectacular.
Wow. Amazing sandwich place in the heart of south beach. I've had this place booked marked and decided to try it after some serious debate on the beach. I am super happy we picked here. I love the fact you are served from the outside sitting on bar stools. They have a variety of freshly made sandwiches and smoothies. And as everyone else says, the sandwiches a REALLY BIG. I tried the salami and provolone after trying to decided forever. I went with all the toppings (pickles and hot peppers were amazing) and the dressing. This sandwich blew me away. It takes everything you know about a sandwich and laughs at it. Service is friendly and very helpful but super busy. This place was packed around lunch time so you might wanna take it to go. Overall, -Huge sandwiches -Fresh smoothies -Bar stools -French pickles -Amazing dressing in squirt bottle -Happy/Full stomach -Great lunch = Great day!
Awesome sandwich spot.  Have to try their homemade dressing.
ummmm freaking awesomeness. technically they are only closed from 6 am to 8 am. not sure why you would even close for 2 hours but hey... as long as i can eat there as much as i want - i dont really care! proscuitto and fresh mozzarella in the french bagette - amazing. smoked salmon in the croissant - even more amazing. veggies juices and fruit smoothies - also all fresh and amazing. in the span of 3 days, we came here 3 times. hahaha.. we just couldnt get enough. plus it was one block from our hotel. and open late to crave our hungry after a night of drinking. pickles are fantastic so dont forget to order those!
It's late, you're leaving a party and although you're a little tired, you're also starving and oh yeah it's a weekday. Luckily Theo H suggested his fave late night dining spot and I'm so glad he did. We scored some corner seating and split the sole hot item on the menu, the croc monsieur, and it was exactly what I needed. Can you ever go wrong with ham and cheese? Nooo ;) The late night scene is in itself a site where anything can happen, makes sense especially given it's location across from Deuce. I'm definitely going to be stopping by here again.
I'm staying at Winterhaven, 14th & Ocean, tummy growling with my toes in the sand. I type "lunch" into my trusty iPhone yelp app and luckily discover La Sandwicherie only one block away? As I stand in a crowd under the blazing sun wondering when it will be my turn I think "is this worth it?" How could can a sandwich shop run by some french guys between a taco stand and a closed down gas station possibly be? But then I unravel heaven: chicken and fresh mozzarella, lettuce, mini pickles, olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, gloriously nestled between french bread and vinaigrette... and I know where I will be at noon for the rest of my vacation.
Liked the walk up outdoor open eatery.  Had a proscuitto and mozzarella sandwich and found it so tasty with all of the toppings.  Loved sitting outside and feeling the ocean air.  The place is open almost 24 hours.  Great place to get a bite in the middle of the night while hanging in the South Beach area.
we were at Mac dueces across the street and it was grubbing time. we asked about the sandmich spot that looked popping, the seating area outside was crowded.. and if i learned about food, crowd = awesomeness. i got the turkey and chambert, the bf got the turkey, ham and salami.. we both got the works (olives, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers.. u name it).  They made it in less then 1 minute.. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the bread, it's the typical french baguette breads like in the Vietnamese banh mi.. it was so weird seeing non-vietnamese meats stuffed in these banh mi, but it was delicious none the less. The simplicity in the sandmiches speak for itself. the mustard vinegrette on the side adds a perfect counter balance to the veggie filled sandmiches. and the sandmich size is GIGANTIC.
**LATE NIGHT STOP FOR FRENCH SANDWICHES** We walked here and ordered a prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich. Took 10 minutes to make our sandwich on a Friday evening. Once it came out, we realized to our utter dismay that it was NOT toasted. It was cold. I took a bite. Not so good. So I returned it to be toasted. Another 15 minutes later, we received our sandwich. It had a good crunch, but I didn't care for the prosciutto and mozzarella combo. Quite bland but the bread was good. Average sandwich overall. Didn't care for the lack of customer service at the counter nor the 25 minutes total to make a friggin sandwich. Try a Cuban sandwich elsewhere in SoBe.
My friends and I stopped by before heading to the beach. This place looks like where all the locals hang out, all tucked away in an alley. The counter seating was packed and the constant customers pulling up to pick up their order. I ended up ordering the prosciutto and camembert. I was really surprise how huge the sandwich was. This can easily feed a couple. I really enjoy the sandwich which also had lettuce, tomato, olives, small pickles, and jalapenos. Slap on some on that home made dressing and this sandwich gets addicting.
The freshest bread... This place was a nice change of pace from the expensive hotel food my husband and I have been gorging on these past couple of days. Well worth the walk from the Perry, this place made you feel like a local. I may be back tomorrow to sample a different combo. Major plus; big enough for me to save half for later- though hubby finished the whole thing in the time it took me to finish half! If you are in Miami and feel accosted by the high price of food at your hotel, but don't feel like sitting at an establishment that features pictures of its food or 2 for 1 gallon margaritas- check this place out!
on a recent three-day trip to miami, we went to sandwicherie twice. the dressing, the tiny pickles, the bread. i could eat there every day.
Why is it that the most amazing places are so -not- obvious to the casual eye? Take La Sandwicherie for example.  Who would have expected one of the most incredibly delicious sandwiches I've ever eaten to come from a stand at the corner of an alleyway, where the only seating is outdoors, sidled up next to the counter.  It's like this place was picked up out of some foreign country and airlifted into Miami as humanitarian aid from the morass of lame, overpriced SoBe eateries.  This is not to say that La Sandwicherie offers cheap eats.  It's just that their pricing is entirely reasonable for the quality and quantity of food. I have nothing bad to say about my enormous turkey sandwich (with all the fixin's, hold the mayo and cucumbers, please!) on a french roll.  Had I realized just how gigantic the croissants were, I would have totally opted for that instead.  Fortunately, Maria let me have a bite of hers, and it was indeed divine. And, can I get an "Amen!" for the mystery sauce that they generously offer up in an airline bottle?  I have no idea what's in it (mustard vinaigrette?), but I do know that I probably went through about a third of a bottle on my sandwich in one go.  You might as well just hook an IV of it right up to my arm. Next time I'm out in Miami Beach, this is definitely on my list.  I need another fix.
I had such high expectations from this place from all the yelp reviews!. Just didn't add up on my radar. I had the tuna on croissant and my boyfriend had the roast beef. I definitely think I ordered the wrong thing because I didn't think mine was great at all. I later realized that it was because it didn't come with any cheese and being a cheese freak, the sandwich definitely got stars knocked from it. My boyfriend's roast beef on the other hand was deeelicious. I tried to go back a second time before my trip came to an end, but when I got there they had run out of just about everything that I wanted to order so we sadly had to leave this place without giving it a second chance. I'm sure if I ordered something with more cheese in it the second time I would have definitely upped the stars. Sad face... until next time La Sandwicherie.
A sandwich that is almost addictive. They have great condiments to choose from and their sandwiches are always tasty.
nothing beats eating there w everything on it!
Love, love, love this place.  Obscure location, but don't let that fool you as to how good it is!  Everything is fresh, everything I've tried is amazing.  Mostly friendly staff (with a few exceptions) pickles are amazing.  Highly recommended....!
I've been going here for years and I'm so happy they haven't gone downhill. The reason this place is soooo good isn't just the fresh ingredients and  good bread, its their french vinigrette! and now they sell it :) (you also have to keep in mind that this is miami and there aren't many good places to eat so reviews are relevant to whats in the area- in other words, one shouldn't compare this place to a cafe in SF or NYc, okay!?) They happily let me have the bottle of vinaigrette to myself while I'm there and for that, +1 star.
I'm from New York. Nuff said. This place is a roach motel. I literally saw a roach crawling on the counter. The bread is stale and gross and the quality of the deli meats is laughable. The only reason this place does so well is because it attracts drunk people who will pretty much eat anything at 4 am. This place is a roach infested health code violation with stools. YUCK! Never again.
WOW!  The best sandwiches we have ever had.  We loved it sooooo much, that we came here a total of three times in one vacation.  The french salami & brie on a toasted croissant was awesome!  We also had the turkey & cheese on a toasted croissant and prosciutto...all excellent sandwiches with fresh vegetables and their awesome dressing.  The atmosphere is fun and the service is quick and friendly.  The fruit shakes are fresh and taste awesome :)
Can't remember how many times I've been here.   No matter the time you go, it will be packed.   Find an empty stool, sit under a fan & enjoy one of the best sandwiches of your life. Secret ingredient in the French Vinaigrette is Crack. No joke.
Found this place after searching for cheap eats on Yelp. OMG the sandwiches are huge. I should have just shared one with a girlfriend. Awesome bread, fresh veggies, generous meat. Although it looks like a subway sandwich, it tastes way better than one! There's only a few seats to stand at the counter, so we had to take our sandwiches to go. Place was constantly packed.
This place used to get 5 stars. Now it doesn't because it can be very inconsistent. Last time I got a sandwich from this place I couldn't finish it. This depresses me considerably considering I used to fantasize about these sandwiches.
Amazing food, quick service, amazing food!
Really like the set up, nice open counter outside, simple..... you walk up and order. I am a huge sandwich lover, so I could not wait to try them out. We ordered the Prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich, and Roast Beef both on a baguette. Service was fine. Got our sandwiches, and started eating them. First have to say this was one of the hardest sandwiches to eat I have ever experienced. The bread (baguette) did not enjoy at all, it was slightly hard and very hard to bite into and chewy. The flavor and texture of the bread was NOT appealing to me at all. My Prosciutto sandwich was just Prosciutto, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato and a side of vinaigrette. The prosciutto was stuck together so tightly as if they clumped it all together which made it very hard to chew and break off to take a bite without the entire meat coming out of the sandwich. The quality of the Prosciutto was OK., not Parma that's for sure. The mozzarella seemed to be fresh, the lettuce had a funky taste to it like it had not been washed beforehand. Tomatoes were good and fresh, dressing was good. Both of our sandwiches were less than good. From the bread, to the way it is prepared, it just did not taste very good. I was disappointed and it did not ever make me want to try another sandwich. I will stick to Cheese Course or even Publix deli has better sandwiches for the same or less.
Seriously some of the best sandwiches I have ever had... and the service is top notch.   Compared to all the other places to eat in South Beach, this one beats em all.. Cheap yummy fresh sandwiches made with quality ingredients at reasonable prices.  We ate here almost every other day.. good thing it was right up the street from our hotel.   Sandwiches are big enough to eat half now and save the other half for later.  For like $10 thats a deal and they also give you a yummy vinagrette to add to the sandwich.  They are super nice and attentive to all special requests.  Open alomost 24hrs..
4.5 stars. I tried their prosciutto with fresh mozzarella after seeing it mentioned here.  Honestly, the prosciutto was good but not amazing.  What made the sandwich was the fresh mozzarella.  Whatever you order, just add on the fresh mozzarella. I also love their smoothie.  It isn't an icy smoothie.  It is like a chilled smooth.  No brain freeze and very refreshing.  I couldn't help to finish it while waiting for my sandwich. There are very few seating.  Luckily, the beach is two blocks away.  Getting your order in will be challenging when it is busy.  There's no formal lines.  Overall, I like them.
everything is delicious here- no joke.
Like a few other reviewers, I'd heard so many people raving about La Sandwicherie that I've wanted to stop here for a while to try it. Though it's tucked in an out of the way location in an alley, it's only about 1/2 a block from Washington Avenue not far from Espanola way.  That being said I've never had the opportunity to stop by and try it before. During a recent pub crawl, I decided to stop here between 2 of the bars on our route to grab a sandwich and to fill up on some carbs. I ordered the ham and turkey combo on French bread with provolone cheese and when the server asked "For the vegetable toppings, do you want everything on it?", I said "sure". I also ordered a regular soda. The price was about $13. A little spendy for a sandwich and a soda at a place that only has bar stools at their walk up/order window and no real dining or seating area, but OK. My sandwich was made very quickly and arrived within a few moments. I'd forgotten that I once read about how HUGE their sandwiches are. Seriously, I could've shared this sandwich with someone else and there would've been plenty for 2, considering I was really only having a snack and wasn't looking for a full meal. The sandwich was good, but nothing that made me say "Wow, I need to return here at the next possible opportunity and have another one of these!" as I've done at some other sandwich places. The other reason for only giving it 3 stars is because my sandwich was made with processed cold cuts like you might buy pre-packaged at the grocery store. I somehow expected to find freshly sliced ham and turkey in a sandwich from a place like this that only specializes in sandwiches and is held in such high regard. I'd definitely be willing to stop here again, and if you're really hungry & in the mood for a sandwich, this place would fit the bill, but I gotta agree with other reviewers like Amber, Ozzy, Paty, Michelle C., JoseLuis, Marcos and Rob C, who also thought this place was just "A-OK" at best.
No! I have nothing to do with this business, absolutely no vested interest. So, I can't believe I'm again giving 5 Yelp Stars to this little street side......actually more alley way, and a rather sleazy alley way too.....walk up outside counter of a sandwich shop. That's right, there isn't even an inside to it, counter only, no tables, just stools (about 10) to sit on if you are lucky enough to find a stool available. Otherwise, you will end up standing, sometimes with no counter space available. However what they do and what they mean to do and mean to be, they do better than anybody else around. For merely about $10.00 with no gratuity included, you get a great sandwich on a French bread roll loaded with ham, cheese, pickles, dressing and the works, depending on how you order. I've been going to La Sandwicherie for over a decade; one of there regulars every time I am in South Beach. I've always been pleased with the food, the quick, efficient friendly service and the character and atmosphere of the joint; and it is somewhat of a joint. Also, I've always enjoyed meeting the other customers, most of whom I have generally found to be most interesting. It draws a great mix of locals, foreign tourists and others.
The food here is silly good. Great local business to stop and get delicious meal.  The ingredients are super fresh!
i have been going to this place since i was in elementary school and it hasn't changed a bit, this place is a Miami beach staple
Great hole-in-wall sandwich and smoothie place. Fun atmosphere, friendly people, good tunes, and since you sit next to the kitchen, can watch the sandwich making machines! There are only a few seats so get there early or just wait a few mins... I enjoyed the turkey, Brie, and avocado on a croissant. And the Bora Bora smoothie (mango, banana, orange, pineapple). I'd def recommend!!
I must say, oh yum. The turkey & salami on wheat, good and tastey. Smoked salmon on french bread, french bread is tough and the smoked salmon taste was absorbed by the cheese and I could barely taste it. The addition of the french vinaigrette was a bonus, squeezed on from a bottle so you can control the amount. Had the tastee rainbow smoothie as well.
I don't get the hype about this place, at all. For years now people have been telling me to go there.   The best thing going for it is the ambiance.  Great beachy little bar and animated staff, but the sandwiches are just  "ok."  The bread, which is suppose to be so spectacular, is just plain ol white loaf hoagie bread.  Sure it's better than Subway, but given the area, a good french loaf is not hard to come by.  Sorry to all the fans, I just don't get it.  With T-Mex around the corner, I'll think I'll skip on the sunshiny outside stool and get a burrito.
great sandwiches but kinda pricey. its open LATE. good way to soak up all the alcohol you drank across the street at THE DEUCE!!
Fresh. Simple. Quality Ingredients. Generous Serving Sizes. Super Friendly Employees. Quick. Affordable. 5 stars all the way. The employees are very welcoming and attentive. It's laid back here. There is no indoor seating. Grab a bar stool and place your order. They offer Sandwiches, Salads, Fruit Smoothies and Shakes. Napkins are within reach. There is a nice mist of water near each seat, which was greatly appreciated. Foot rests and hooks are below the counter. Very thoughtful. Ordered a Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella Sandwich and Rainbow Smoothie. The Rainbow Smoothie is made up of Strawberries, Peach, Blueberries, Kiwi and Banana. It wasn't too sweet, tasted natural and incredibly refreshing. Beautifully done guys. The Sandwich was huge. It can definitely be shared by 2 people. You have a choice of French Bread, Croissant (add $0.85) or Wheat Bread (add $0.30). You can also choose as many toppings as you'd like: Lettuce, Tomatoes, Green Peppers, Hot Peppers, Black Olives, Onions, Cucumbers, Cornichons (French Pickles), Mayo and homemade French Dressing. The bread had a beautiful consistency. All the toppings were fresh and crisp. Quality Prosciutto and Mozzarella are used. Bottles of their homemade vinaigrette are on the counter. It's delicious and tangy. I couldn't stop adding that stuff onto my sandwich. We left more than satisfied.
I returned back to this hidden French gem a few weeks ago after a long night of partying and drinking. I must admit that i was apprehensive about coming back after the rude service I encountered the first time. But, to my surprise everything was perfectly perfect the second time around. I had an amazing chicken salad. Fresh, delicious, and filling. Couldn't have asked for anything more at 2am. The guys making the sandwiches were also really nice this time. I almost ordered a sandwich to-go, but my friends talked me out of it (wouldn't be as good the next day). I'll be coming back!
seriously. to die for. the dressing is amazing and the sandwiches are so big. It feels so healthy and good at the same time.  It is heaven sent. open one in new york!!!!! PLEASE!
Delicious, generous portions, great prices and friendly staff.
A hidden gem!!! This sandwich shop is no ordinary place, crammed into a tiny store corner they pump out the freshest and finest sandwich in south beach .. Heck ANYWHERE. I have yet to find a place so interesting tasty and fresh. There are no tables there but there is a window bar if you can get a seat!
Wow!  Talk about a gourmet sandwich! I stopped by La Sandwicherie with a couple of fellow Dive Bar Dash participants for a much needed carb break. A friend who's familiar with their delicious offerings recommended for me to get the croissant bread and to make sure to try their sauce. Let's start with the bread - pillowy soft crumbly croissant. Stuff it with the deli meat of your choice - chicken for me- along with cheese and greens. I'm talking about huge tomato slices, green peppers and cornichons. For one I didn't need the sauce. It was that fresh and good without! Add the vinaigrette sauce and you're talking "nomnomnom". The location - a "ventanita" just off Collins Avenue and close to Espanola - make it for great sustenance coming back from clubland. PS thanks friend for the belated birthday dinner treat :)
Great for sandwiches. Very fulfilling, definitely not like your typical subway or quizno sandwich. I loved the smoothie and the fact that there was no milk in it! it was all fruit! Definitely recommend this!
Believe the hype!!!  I visited Miami Beach for two weeks and went back for these delicious sandwiches 3 times. Fresh, delicious, quality ingredients.  Decent prices. Fast service but consistent and attractive. Their French vinegrette is the best I've ever tasted. It's a must for anyone in Miami Beach.
dont believe the hype...food was edible..overpriced..quick service though. any nyc deli blows this place away.  no seating
Exotic Salad was delicious... Loved the fresh fruit and turkey combo Terminator sandwich was great. Nice portion and quality of deli meat Highly recommend for a quick healthy lunch
The saying holds true, the best things come in small packages. La Sandwicherie, as the name suggests, is a diminutive (read: adorable) walk-up sando spot just slaying the stuff. It's like a little outdoor cafeteria taken straight off a bohemian voyage with Al Green and Toulouse-Lautrec in tow. It's just so right.   The sandwiches are simple mile high piles of all the freshest veggies you'd want accompanying your meat of choice. And whether its turkey, roast beef, chicken, pate, procsiutto and then some. As a rule of thumb, if a place offers something called their "famous croque monsieur," you should probably order it. You'll also probably want to buy a bottle of their famous French vinaigrette sauce/dressing. Sandwich or salad, this stuff is best lathered on anything.
The proscuitto and fresh mozzarella on croissant was yum! We asked for all the toppings on the side which was a good idea because there was a lot and it would've been bursting out of the sandwich! They put a lot of mozzarella in there, I had to take some of it out because it was too much for me. I shared the sandwich with my best friend, thank gosh we didn't order our own because I never would've been able to finish the whole thing in one sitting! Miami sunset smoothie was good, the raspberry flavor overpowers everything else though. Bora bora was also good, but the banana flavor overpowers everything else in that one. The sandwich and one smoothie cost $16 and I tipped them $2 so a total of $18 for a shared meal! Everything was very fresh, so I'll give it 4 stars.
By far the best sandwiches in Miami!
Hands down, these are the best sandwiches i ever have.  I got the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich.  And, don't forget to ask for the sauce.  I went to this place twice while i was staying in MIami.  Depending on the chef, they may make the sandwich different.  Overall, the employees are friendle
I really liked that this place was small but made amazing sandwiches. Parking is scarce because it faces an alley but if you're just picking up food you can pull up and park temporarily. The ingredients taste fresh and service is quick!
If I lived in Miami, you would find me in my swimsuit and flip flops parked at La Sandwicherie on a regular basis. This is beach living! Absolutely no frills with great food. I was served a chicken salad sandwich on a buttery croissant that was approximately the size of my face. Coupled with a fruit smoothie, I was in complete blissed-out vacation mode. Luckily, we got there just before the lunch rush and snagged a couple of bar stools at the counter. It does fill up quickly! Unfortunately, I wasn't expecting all the water misters and my hair frizzed out like Don King.
I'm normally not a big sandwich-loving type girl but after an all out weekend in Miami, Le Sandwicherie was the perfect place to go grab a cheap lunch before leaving. I custom ordered a turkey and prosciutto combo sandwich on wheat bread with everything on it along with a smoothie. The sandwich was huge and overflowing with toppings-the mozzarella was fresh too.  Enjoyed half and saved the rest for later. I liked the service and the efficiency of how the stand churned out so many sandwiches in an quick amount of time.
I love sandwiches. In fact, my 10th grade Biology teacher taught us this song about sandwiches and it might actually be my anthem. "Oh, sandwiches are beautiful, sandwiches are fine, Oh, I love sandwiches, I eat them all the time, I could eat them for my breakfast and I'd eat them for my lunch, If I had a million sandwiches, I'd eat them all at once." Yes, the woman was off her nut. I think that was in the unit on food chains. Though I digress, it's with good reason! It's because this place absolutely deserves songs of praise. I was in Miami for work and waded out (literally, it turns out that Collins St floods terribly!) in a rainstorm after reading the reviews here and it was worth the drenching! Cute, hippie-chic sandwich bar that offers delicious, vaguely French sandwiches. I ordered the saucisson sec and a cheese plate. Both items were huge--easily enough for 2 people each. The saucisson sec was full of fresh veggies (cucumbers, olivers, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cornichons!) on a fat piece of white bread and drizzled with a French mustard vinaigrette. The cheese plate was more like a salad with brie and deli cheese on top (provolone and swiss). It was drizzled with the same sauce and surrounded by red peppers and more cornichons. I ate my fill and had the adorably mohawk-ed employee wrap up my sandwich. It was just as delicious the next morning as I packed up for my return home. In fact, I'm counting down the days until my next Miami trip so I can eat there again! (Also, they do take American Express unlike many small chains!)
I bought a prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich with everything for $9.00. Everything was fresh and delicious. I did not try anything else, but I'm sure it's good, since the place was packed! Definitely a place to try out!
Yes! I had the Italian with everything, I mean why not?!  The sandwich was so good, the mini pickles on it & the vinaigrette they use was so good, kinda mustard tasting reminded me of Pat & Oscars (a SoCal spot) vinaigrette. Limited seating so you can either hover and wait to find an empty barstool or stand & eat, we did both until stools came available & make sure to ask for the vinaigrette to put on your sandwich as you eat. It's available just ask! They also sell the bottle for $5 but don't try and carry it on in your luggage TSA will scoop that right up, put it in your check-in bag, you're welcome. Can you tell I loved the vinaigrette, I did. We are dating now.
So I'm writing this review at the restaurant as we speak. True French hole in the wall - I don't know why I didn't listen to all my friends and try his sooner. Service is fast and efficient at the walk-up counter which doubles as eating area. No American coffee?!?! Don't fret love, they have cappichino and espresso along with a starbucks around the corner. I had their "famous croque monsieur" which came with a salad drizzled with that quintessentially French lemon cream herb dressing. And while I can sympathize with those who say they could make these sandwiches at home, I'd have to say that if I could cook simple French fare in the comfort of my kitchen I would never leave home. Great place. I'm making it my weekly regular - in place of Paul on Lincoln (their service is bad enough to lose your appetite). FINALLY, GOOD & FRENCH! Oh, and like most things in the middle of Miami Beach, parking is limited - a.k.a., nonexistent - hence the walk-up.
I came here with some girlfriends about 7 years ago, and I happened to read about this place on Yelp again and was happy to visit this place again! Can you beat a great sandwich place with freshly made smoothies in downtown Miami?  I love this place.  We got the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich- I normally don't love prosciutto but in the sandwich with the really soft, fresh mozzarella it was really good.  I would get this again.  The second sandwich of turkey and camembert was good but not as good as the prosciutto with mozzarella. I agree that the cornichons were awesome, an extra crunchy little pickle, I would ask for more!!!  My tropical smoothie was really good too.  I would come back here again, especially since they have really late- into-the-night hours
big sandwich. roast beef with camambert. Who puts camambert in their sandwich??? This place does! SO GREAT! Veggies are always so fresh.
One of my favorite places in Miami.  I describe it as the "Pat's Steaks" of Miami.  Always open and consistently delicious.
The friendliest staff ever!  I'm a paleo guy, but even I found a place built around sandwiches and bread to be great.   The prices are super affordable in a place where nothing is affordable. The smoothies are super fresh and I love that they don't add any junk to it like extra sugar, syrups, or mixes. There is a reason that they have 4.5 stars and over 1k reviews - they serve great food, at a great price, with exceptionally great service.
I don't know about you but I'm kind of a huge fan of this place. I know it can be a little bit expensive and it's a huge, huge sandwich with a ton of veggies in the veggies versus meat ratio ... but I guess that's what I like! This is a mean sandwich if you can stomach it. You can make your own or get one of the pre-created ones like the prosciutto and brie. I loved the french theme, and the fact that you can get your sandwich on whole wheat rolls, sour dough AND a croissant. I'm a huge huge sucker for croissant sandwiches ... maybe because I wish I was French? haha just kidding! Either way, the sandwich will run you around $7-8 depending on any goodies you might add in it, but it really is a hefty hefty sandwich. Half of the sandwich already fills me up so I ended up saving the other half for later as a perfect mid-meal time snack. I really liked this spot and hit it up multiple times during my stay in Miami Beach.
Forget Subway! Get This Fresh French Sandwich! I agree with the rest of Yelpdom that the bread fell short of being an artisan French baguette. However, the crossaint was soft, buttery, and flaky. The large size of the sandwiches and the fresh toppings made up for the hard slabs of hero bread they call 'rolls'. They also give you a decent amount of whatever meat and cheese you fancy. The thick slices of meat would miserably fail to meet the paper-thin standards of a veteran New York deli meat slicer. I guess South Beach goers like their meat thick but they also seem to like tiny pickles called cornichons too. I'll admit, I did enjoy chomping on these tasty little pickles. On the upside, the cold cuts were fresh as well.   Helpful tips: Pass on the 'roll' and get yourself a crossaint. If you are on a budget this is a great place to get fuel with fresh ingredients for a long grueling day of taking in some SoBe sun.
Great Sandwich.  Not sure its worth the walk from the Bay side, but if you're on the beach and in need of a quick fix, you can't go wrong.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  It is just a little sandwich stand that opens onto a side street.  You wouldn't look twice at it if there wasn't 25 people standing there.   Also, French guy who runs the place doesn't suffer fools, I watched him berate some poor guy for asking for extra mayonnaise when he picked up his order.  Elaine Benes would be worried.
Wow. One of the few times yelp has let me down. I really wanted to like this place. Really, I did. My husband and I were starving and staying right near here and stopped by to grab some sandwiches. I got the turkey on wheat and he got the turkey, roast beef and mozzarella. Bleh.  Bread was hard and crispy and everything else just kind of lacked flavor.  The vinaigrette everyone talks about is nothing special.  I am a sandwich girl and I would say this is comparable to subway, other than size of sandwich.  Waaay too big for one person.  And I hate to admit this but we both threw away half, it was that bad.  Not sure what everyone else ate but spend your 20 bucks elsewhere.
PROSCIUTTO PROSCIUTTO PROSCIUTTO... and french baby pickles. one block from the beach. how can you go wrong?
If you have to choose how you wake up in this world (and if you're looking for my vote, I think you should), I vote for a world where you wake the hell up, wander down to a South Beach semi-open concept eatery specializing in sandwiches, smoothies, and the general happiness one receives from a shotgun style purveyor of amazing foodstuffs. That's me. I'm a stickler for the details. That said, feel free to dive into gigantic french bread bun, some fresher-than-Tiger Woods accoutrements (I'm talking about the fixings), and they're only too happy for you to situate yourself with your meal and linger. This place is busy, but it's a place for friends, and in my limited experience, the sentiment in similar. "This is great. We should come back here."
Crazy fresh ingredients but I agree that the bread is a bit tough. Great portions of prosciutto and fresh mozz. For some reason, I think the non-paper thin slices of meat actually work for this sandwich. Also, that dijon dressing is like crack... it's perfect and it makes the sandwich.
The smoothie is ok but I tasted much better at other places in  Miami during our 4 day stay.  The taste is too sweet and not cold enough.
Mmmmmmmm. Delish sandwiches, great smoothies, great prices. Loved it!
Chicken salad sandwich is the best one I've ever had. Love how convenient it is to get off the sand and walk over for lunch. Highly recommend it!
Whenever in Miami, I make time to come & grab a sandwich at La Sandwicherie.  I always stick to my tried & true smoked salmon served on perfectly toasted french bread & topped with lettuce, tomatoes, green & hot peppers, black olives, onion, cucumbers, vinaigrette, & cornichons (french pickles).  Yummy & large enough to split.  They also make smoothies, shakes & vegtable juices.  This time we ordered the Bora Bora smoothie which contains mango, banana, pineapple & orange.  Perfect combined with our sandwich.  They also make salads which I honestly have never tried.   The service is fast and always friendly.  Love their set-up which is a walk up counter all the way around & open to the outside.  So you just arrive, grab a stool & order.  They also have surrounding water misters that help with the Miami heat. Another plus is that this place is open 8am to 5am!  That's right...they are closed for only 3 hours.  They also take on-line orders & deliver!  Late night is when I find this place to be the busiest.  Great for that 4th meal! :-)
3.5.. the first time i went to this place, it was WAY to packed. But then again, that was during the peak of spring break.. bad decision. Went back a couple of weeks ago and got the prosciutto mozzarella sandwich with avocado inside. It was really fresh tasting and yummy but not AMAZING. the sandwich was so difficult to eat and since I wasn't a fan of mozzarella that much, the huge chunks was not that delicious for me..  in addition, the huge heaps of prosciutto was a bit salty. The baguette was delicious and the lettuce, onions, etc were super fresh. The shop had a nice sprinkler/fan for those extremely hot days. Super nice service but this was probably a one time deal for me..
Very filling and very large sandwiches.  A good idea is probably to share. These sandwiches are not cheap around the $12 range BUT you are getting the best of best ingredients.
This is the place to eat at in Miami Beach!! I saw this little gem on Eat Street and man I am glad I did. We ate here everyday during our week stay on the beach. First off, the prices are so reasonable giving the area, secondly, the food is outstanding. The owners Olivier and Savan are the most genuine and friendly folks you can find in an establishment. They run a tight ship and it shows. The sandwiches are the stars here. We had the salmo, proscuotto, seafood, ham, sauccion sec (French salami), roast beef, tuna during our stay. Got them with everything, lettuce, tomotoe, french cornicons (little pickles), red onion, green bell pepper,olives and hot red and green cherry peppers (super bomb). The french roll is nice and chewy and crisp on the outside, the croussants are buttery and flakely also. The secret vinagrette sauce that they make homemade is the star also as it gives the sands such a good flavor. The meats are fresh and you can taste the quality as is the cheeses they use. I loved the Swiss. The veggies are cut fresh on demand. They have a cute seating counter where you can  see your masterpiece sand being made. Only bad thing about this place....they are not here in my hometown. Come on Olivier to SoCal. Anyway folks, you can not go wrong here. You will be a fan and also save a little cash as so many restaurants in Miami Beach are expensive. Did I mention too the sands are huge!!! Enjoy my fellow Yelpers, you will be hooked once you eat there. Au reviour La Sandwicherie
I'm not the type of person to order a sandwich for lunch (I'll make exceptions for banh mi and occasionally, Potbelly), but everybody gushed so much about La Sandwicherie that I had to stop by to try it out while I was in Miami. There are so many different sandwich combinations that you can try out, in addition to salads and smoothies.  They also don't skimp on anything and the portions are large enough (I was only able to eat half of my sandwich and took the other half back to my hotel to eat later).  I ordered a tuna salad on croissant (which was perfectly crispy and flaky at the same time) and also added the side of their vinaigrette which was amazing - - I'm dreaming about it now as I type this. This is definitely a great place to stop by for lunch and one of the "must try" things in Miami.  They also offer delivery at this location.
La Sandwicherie! I love the way that sounds when someone pronounces it correctly (not me). I think I came here every weekend last month and last night I was even greeted with a "Welcome back." from the solemn guy behind the counter. This is my favorite place to go to late at night, especially since I'm supposed to be on a diet and their stuff is pretty healthy. I'd recommend the prosciutto with fresh mozzarella sandwich with everything on it. Their little cornichons are pretty good and everything is of excellent quality and very fresh. Their chicken salad sandwich is really good as well-- I'm going to try it on a croissant next time. You can get your sandwich toasted (!!) and they also sell beer! There's really no reason for you to not give this place a try...
This is very weird of me giving a place a 5 star rating. The Bread is fresh, the veggies are fresh and the Mozzarella and meats are so tasty that even a veggie sandwich would be great. NO lines, fast service, cheap for MIAMI Beach. opened 24hs and always fresh. NO crabby employees and here and there they throw a few french words to make it more authentic. I have uploaded a few pics and take a look.
Best sandwiches in Miami period. Get  toasted crossainwiche with turkey and everything on it. Nothing better everything is fresh and they are open damn near 24 hours.
love this place. consistent and fresh.  thank you guys!
DELICIOUS!!! My husband and I went for lunch one day and just loved it! We loved it so much that we went back this morning for breakfast and it was probably one of the best breakfasts we had during our entire stay!
I was in South Beach for a week for work (I know, boo hoo) and was dying for something good to eat. The vendor I was using had once been in the area for six weeks and knew of La Sandwicherie. We headed there one evening and walked right up to this sandwich joint, run by this really nice older French gentlemen. You had to pick your dressing/sauce, meats, cheeses and veggies. I ordered a sandwich on french bread (you can get a Croissant), with brie and turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, and the french vinegarette dressing. OMG, it was huge and delicious (that's what she said!), all for like $8. It was fabulous and I finished my entire sandwich, since I couldn't look like a weakling in front of the guys. Next time we ordered to go, and the sandwiches were still good, even after an hour! Tasted fresh and bread was not soggy. I will definitely go back if I'm ever in South Beach again. They also have smoothies which I hear are really good, but both times I was too stuffed with sandwichy goodness to even think about downing a smoothie. I love the sandwiches, the fact that you're eating in an alley (reminds me of Taiwan), and that you can buy the bottled dressing.
Delicious! It was exactly what my friend and I needed after a long shopping trip on Collins.  They have limited outside seating, so you just take it to go or eat it on the sidewalk.   We got the mozzarella and prosciutto on french bread with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and french dressing. It was so fresh, you get to see the guy make it, and so amazing.  Something so simple was just so amazeballs because of the fresh ingredients and great combination.   They also have smoothies and juices.  We got a Rainforest smoothie, which is strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, and bananas, and a Rainbow, which is strawberries, peaches, blueberries, kiwi and bananas.   Plus they open until 4 or 5 am.  Awesome!
Always a good place to grab a bite, although almost always packed, the wait is worth it. Normally I order the prosciutto mozzarella and always good. Stop by and try it, and let us know what you think.
yum yum we have been to south beach several times and always meant to get a sandwich here, it always seemed busy and we usually like lunch to be super fast. We bit the bullet and went here anyway, service was a lot faster than we thought despite the crowds, we even managed a spot at the counter. The sandwiches were delicious. We got a roast beef and a salami with everything and it was sooo stuffed with veggies you could barely eat it (in a good way). Loved the dressing they served with it.
You can never go wrong with this place. So many options. Sandwiches packed full with ingredients. They are huge and filling. Outside bar seating. Not much of a view but within walking distance to the beach and numerous bars. Prices are average. Better than other chain options (ie: Subway, Quiznos etc).
Order the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich. It never fails. I usually get on a baguette but I hear it's great on a croissant. Everything is very fresh and it's always fun to watch them make the sandwiches skillfully. The smoothies are very good. This is one of my favorite late night stops.
The sandwiches are good but not as good as everyone raves about (at least not to me). I loathe the location because if you want to sit to eat you are actually in a dirty South Beach alley and your view across the street is one of the scummiest dive bars in the city. Not very appetizing.
How can this place be so popular. The bread is a poor excuse for (French). Sandwich stuffings are poor, sloppy and not fresh. You can get a better sandwich at Publix for less. Lets move on to the salads. They're made with the same poor quality vegetable mixture  that goes on all the sandwiches. If you love tasteless bread, old roman lettuce chopped up in little pieces, hot house tomatoes that are mushy, canned sliced black olives and little pickles soaked in vinegar and salt, this is your place.
If two French guys had invented Subway's they would have come up with this place and we would have fantastic sandwiches across America. Sadly they didn't but fortunately we have this little gem in South Beach. Huge sandwiches made with fresh high quality ingredients and THE BEST SMOOTHIES !! I had the tuna sandwich with pretty much everything on french bread. It was delicious. It was also massive but perfect after a day on the beach. I was lucky and got a seat right away but the place can get crowded so seating is not guaranteed. Sandwich+smoothie=$10.00. WOW!
The turkey and mozzarella sandwich with the little french pickles and peppers is tops. I normally go for the croissant instead of baguette....and of course the french dressing is the the key. Always fresh ingredients. Great 24/7 spot and delivers.
What is better than a gigantic, freshly made sandwich after a day at the beach? Absolutely nothing, that's what. La Sandwicherie is a somewhat fancy name for this super casual place. It's just an outdoor counter, really, but that's all it needs to be. I was absolutely famished after a day of traveling and pool lounging and hadn't yet snagged a bite to eat, so I got on Yelp and was pleased as punch to discover that this apparently epic spot was just a few blocks away. When I arrived all of the chairs were full but I was quickly greeted and placed my to-go order of a prosciutto and mozzarella sub. It was prepared crazy quick and I was on my way back to my hotel room, so excited to dig in. And it was almost as good as I had hoped. The bread could stand to be a little more crunchy and it was a *little* light on the meat and cheese, but all in all, a truly excellent sandwich. What I loved most was how not South Beach this place is: no razzmatazz or Euro beats, just straight up great food. I had fully planned to return for a croque monsieur the next morning but the pool was calling and I failed. I will definitely be back, no doubt about that.
Reasonably priced healthy high-quality food.   You may want to plan on taking your order to go, as seats are almost always in short supply.
Get the Seafood Sandwich now. La Sandwicherie delivers in the trio of quality, quantity, and price. I still have dreams about that sandwich and it blindsided me so much that I can't even focus on this review.
My husband stopped by for lunch. Great atmosphere outside  stand up bar  walk up window with mister fans. We both ordered sandwiches great bread choice of french or croissants.  Great service, great food = great time would definetly recommend! Reasonably priced for the area!
Good sandwich shop. They have a lot of toppings and everything taste fresh. It's also not expensive like a lot of places in the area.
Oh it's good... it's really that good. French sandwich shop in South Beach where you walk up to the window or sit at the outdoor bar on high stools. I had the French Saussison (salami) with everything on French bread with the dressing on the side and each bite was amazing. "Everything" includes cucumbers, pickles, lettuce and tomato. And the salami was the perfect flavor and the bread - so chewy and fresh. The staff are all quite gorgeous and outgoing. Give me a tall Frenchman in tattoos and a smile who serves me up salami and I'm a happy girl!! Enjoying it on the beach while the waves crash around you is even better.
Awsome sandwiches and AJ and Stacy are the best servers there. They'll always take care of you quick.
Huge salads, great hidden gem - like an outside dinette
La Sandwicherie came highly recommended by my friends who had visited Miami from NYC so I trust their taste. Going there with 9 girls, we pretty much tried everything on the menu and everyone loved their sandwich. Since our group was so big, it was a little bit of a wait as they prepared everything made-to-order. The ingredients were tasty and fresh. It was a short walk to the beach so we all took our food there to eat it. What a perfect lunch!
Want the best prosciutto sandwich you ever had at 1AM, possibly ever? This is your spot.
Best sandwiches in all of SOUTH BEACH.  Yes I said it.  I've been going to this place as long as I can remember and it's always been effin AMAZING.  If you don't use their dressing then you're missing the essence of what makes their sandwiches so incredible.   Plus it's open super late night so instead of getting crusty old pizza make sure you walk your happy ass to 14th Street. TOURIST PLEASE NOTE:  You CANNOT park in the alley so don't try because they will tow you.
Amazingly fresh sandwiches! Very unique combinations! I had the salmon & fresh mozzarella.... Mmmmmmm!!! The prices were good by south beach standards - under $10 for a sandwich. Plus they were big enough to share! (or take home the other side for dinner! Just be sure to get the dressing on the side so it doesn't get soggy!)
Great food, fast service, nice people, moderately priced.
Belly up to the outdoor bar and order yourself an amazing sandwich--generous, fresh, great service.  Clearly a very efficient  operation, and a delightful find.
I've eaten a lot of sandwiches in my life. Probably like 3000. Maybe even over 7000. Not sure. Anyway, the sandwiches here are in my top 1%. The great stuff is inside the sandwiches. The freshest veggies and fruit (unique too!) you've ever had in a sandwich. The bread varied from extremely fresh to very fresh. For the price, this is one of best sandwiches of my life, which as I mentioned before is pretty impressive considering the number of sandwiches I've consumed. The smoothies and shakes were also A+. Delivery was fast. I'm not sure what the restaurant is like because I was too lazy to leave my hotel room.
When I crave pickles, I crave Cornichons.  Which are my absolute favorite type and these top off the sandwiches at this fantastic French sandwich and juice bar.  I usually order the Ham & Camenbert sanwhich, ooh la la! They deliver too! Yay!
Its a fast food sandwich place. We waited 10 minutes at the counter and nobody cared everyone was busy. Then a guy in his big Porsche with loud music turned up and got served immediately. We left. Stupid place.
For the price, you just won't get a better lunch in Miami Beach. I'm sure every aspect of this place has been hit on with some review.  So I'll just post a picture of my prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich I had 3 times during my visit.  Only pet peeve about the place is the wait... it's too small, but then again, that's part of the character of the place.
Great ingredients make great sandwiches. Simply the best.
Oui! The French sure do know their sandwiches. And salads. And smoothies. Maybe they have the right to be snobs after all. I sidled up to the counter and experienced a lovely, unexpected mist spraying down from the roof. Refreshing in the Miami heat. Now let's drink something refreshing as well. The staff assured me that all their drinks are au natural, so I ordered the Rain Forest smoothie ($5.30) which was packed with sweet, fresh fruit. Seeing as I'm in Miami and probably shouldn't load up on carbs, I opted for a salad. The salads are like the sandwiches in that you pick your main ingredient and can load it up with the same toppings (cornichons, onions, sweet and hot peppers, carrots, tomatoes, olives). I went with the smoked salmon and added brie ($1.55) and avocado ($1.20) so essentially created a glorified bagel in salad form. It was phenomenal. The tangy, housemade dressing really brought everything together. My major complaint with my salad experience is that - at least in the stuffed to-go version they gave me - all the different ingredients were separated in the container. A pile of tomato slices over here, a mound of shredded carrots in the other corner. Therefore it took much cutting and maneuvering to adequately toss the salad and get various ingredients in one bite. This heavy fork-and-knife work may isn't ideal if you're looking to enjoy your lunch on the beach (or on a crowded plane, as I had to). If you're still craving carbs, the salad also comes with a hunking slice of baguette, so you can still make yourself a sandwich if desired. Or just take bites out of it. The bread would have been better if served warm, but it was tasty and had great texture, crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. Since I bit a went overboard with the drink and add-ons, this meal was a bit pricey at $18. But it was a lot of food. I ate my salad (and okay, some of the bread as well) with ravish and had enough for 2 more meals! Next time I'm trying a sandwich on a croissant since this seems like a good ratio of ingredients to bread, and I'm hoping the veggies will be better distributed to get all the tastes in one bite. Bon appetite!
Oh, La Sandwicherie.  I have only grown to appreciate you more and more since my initial review many moons ago! My go-to favorite (from which I rarely stray) is a roast beef and camembert combo loaded with the freshest veggies, including those amazing cornichons (which I always order extra of)!  Doused with the house-made vinaigrette, this sandwich is truly a work of art. If you're like me, and you like all the yummy veggies on your sandwich, you'll be trying to cram 'em back in after each delicious bite.  The vinaigrette will be dripping down your arms.  But you won't care, because this is one of the best sandwiches you'll ever eat in your life. My choice for method of consumption of these gems is via delivery. La Sandwicherie's drivers are always friendly, and relatively prompt. But be sure to have cash on hand, cause while the delivery guys do have a credit card machine with them, it rarely works, and when it does, it takes forever, meaning your sandwich goes unconsumed for minutes longer than it should.
What can I say except I'll take two to go.. no wait, for here...I need that bottomless French dressing. Best sandwich spot in Miami. I'm not going to start describing the fresh tasting vegetables or the deli meat or all the fixings...not gonna do that. I am going to give you some tips though. -Parking can be hard to find in this area (ACROSS FROM THE DEUCE!!). Circle around a few times and if you can't find anything there are a few parking garages close by. -Portions are huge. I normally eat half the sandwich and then take the other half to go (alright sometimes I eat it walking home). If you got a pair of legs with you and she's not weighing in over 2 bills then you can easily split a sandwich. Recommend the salami n turkey on whole wheat with everything except the mayo. A little bit of coconut water does it good. -Service is good thats why I'm not going to bitch about the fact that a service charge is automatically included. Like I said, best sandwich spot in Miami.
this is probably the best place in south beach to get a sandwich!! fast service, affordable prices, and delicious fresh food. nothing nice about it, just a simple counter top, better to take it to go and have a picnic on the beach... just went last weekend and had the turkey and camembert on a croissant. i could only eat half bc it is so big.
Two days in a row, turkey & camamberet cheese is fabo, also had the smoked salmon mmmmmmmmm got love it and just finished eating the second one of my flight home - sad...  Must have french bread.  Also enjoyed a salad the first day that was enormous and super fresh.  Their dressing (sold in bottles) is tangy and tasty, not only on the salad but slathered on the sandwich.  I'm drooling on my laptop keys... 'nough said!  Thanks Oliver!
LOVE this place! Figured I had to stop by here on my last day for a last meal before leaving Miami... Khong River House wasn't open yet, so I decided to give this place a try. It's a cute little shop with a outside counter so you can eat your sandwiches at the bar and have a chance to talk to the staff. The staff were so nice and I'm always a sucker for French accents. Once one of the guys heard that I'm taking French classes, he practiced with me a bit--- so cute! The sandwiches here are great-- served on a little baguette, with cornichons and a yummy French vinaigrette. I got the brie sandwich and requested for turkey. Delicious! I definitely will have to stop back here again next time I'm in Miami, if not only for the great customer service and to try a croissant sandwich next!
Yes, it's true. They stuff giant loaves of bread with meat, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. What else would you want in a sandwich? Maybe some liver pate and pickled veggies...but I guess that's just the VC in me. Overall, a pretty decent find, especially if you enjoy scarfing down lots of carbs. But still far from "best sandwich ever." And be forwarned, your fingers will reek of onions and will require several soapy hand washings. Then again, there are a lot worse smells than onions (pause). I'm surprised by previous comments about the bad service. From what my girlfriend tells me, it was the best service she's been given on our trip in Miami. But she also has huge knockers.
La Sandwicherie is the BEST place to get a mouth-watering sandwich in South Beach - without paying South Beach prices. This place is a treasure, I cannot heap on enough accolades about the humble owner who say's "thank you" so often it's almost humorous. Fresh baked French Baguette's with quality meats, cheeses and fresh veggies and let's not forget the piece de la resistance...the famous La Sandwicherie Vinaigrette - to die for folks! Don't make the mistake of not buying a bottle - may be the best $5 investment on South Beach. My favorite sandwich is the Prosciutto and Provolone with all the veggies, then drizzle the vinaigrette on it, and dipping too - voila! Heaven awaits. Damn, what time is it? I going....
MIAMI MUST!! Favorite, cheap sandwiches/salads and I never leave miami without coming here!  Oh and it's open late! Guilt free eating, endless combinations, and their dressing is TO.DIE.FOR!
Small, small corner sandwich walk-up with the best, best food. The tomato soup is top notch and the sandwiches are large enough to share. My husband had the chicken Caesar salad, a solid selection filled with really fresh greens, chunks of chicken in a delicious dressing. I had a turkey sub on wheat, so big I have half for later! The bread was GOOD bread, stuffed with turkey, lettuce, tomato, onion, served with the French vinaigrette  dressing.  Delicious!
You gotta love La sandwicherie. Their food is awsome, healthy and you can tell how fresh their ingredients are not only by the taste but because you can see how they prepare everything right there, cut up their vegies and fruits... Everything is delicious and their pricing is reasonable. Very laid back beach style atmosphere.
I absolutely love this alley way sangwich shoppe. Came back yesterday for the first time in a long time and remembered why I used to come so often...because its delicious, that's why! My friend and I  sat on a planter right next to the window and shared the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto sangwich--- it was divine! The gherkins and the vinaigrette definitely make the sandwich though...do not skip out on those when you order yours....you'll thank me later ;)
Over the past 4 years visiting Miami for WMC this has been my go to spot for the best value in Miami. The camembert with prosciutto add everything is heaven in the form of a sandwich.   I crave this sandwich at least once or twice a month.  This is my first stop every visit to Miami. In other words.. BEST SANDWICH IN THE HISTORY OF EVER.
It's a good place to try if you're not in a rush. Try their special sauce, it'll definitely spice up your sandwich! The prices are reasonable too especially for on the beach.
Great sandwich with fresh and top quality ingredients. Cute walk-up counter with mister fans. Limited seating at the counter. Had to give 4 stars because the bread was not anywhere near an authentic baguette. And afterall this is a french sandwich place. Shame, shame.  Still, I've been back twice. This is my fav place for sandwich's on MB and I'll be back!
Ah what a relief somewhere to eat in south beach without the stomach ache. A friend from back home told us there was a great sub place but couldn't remember the name. I am soooooooooo happy we found this place!!!!! It's this cute little place with just a few bar chairs, the food is fresh, the baguette itself was crispy and fresh. The service was great!!! Rasheed was so sweet and recommended to prefect sandwiches for us. Will definitely be back here on our next vacation... Sadly this sandwich was the BEST thing we ate in Miami.
This is a great little sandwich stand right in the middle of South Beach. They've got cool little barstools to sit outside, up against the counter, a great selection of sandwiches, and they're right across the street from Deuces.   Oh and also, a big plus; they're open late.  So you can pretty much go there whenever you're hungry.
Oh how I am going to miss you when I move north. This place is the ONLY place I have found with solid sandwiches. The bread is crusty, the cheese is creamy, the meats..... MMMM! This place is ALWAYS slammed. You can call ahead to beat the wait. There is no where to park, which is actually kind of nice. Your forced to actually walk around. Shocking concept I know. The vinaigrette is the BEST and when you get your take out, make sure to ask for extra extra on the side. You wont regret it. Ill miss you....
So good. One of the reasons I'm looking forward to go back to Miami.
i so love to stuff my face with a sandwichery sandwich especially when i'm drunk. it is real good. i like to stand by the road just like off the sidewalk an eat it. its like heaven in my mouth.
The sandwiches are great. The attitude of the staff is horrible. Maybe because they feel entitled by the "Le" before sandwich to make them obnoxious Euro snobs.   You make sandwiches for a job. Lose the attitude.
This being the 267th review, it's obvious that people have plenty to say about La Sandwicherie. Every five star review for this place is absolutely deserved as the sandwiches are incredible. This might be the best spot in Miami Beach for lunch eats, dinner eats and late night eats among the often overpriced food options on the island. And La Sandwicherie isn't hurting for business. Every time we walked by, at all hours, the place was hopping. I imagine the line when the bars close is unreal. Keep in mind if your first visit is ahead of you: Outside of the "bar" they've got with a row of stools, the place is all walk up. You can use the potted palm trees as tables, though. Just prepare to stand and eat, especially if they're busy. Now I'm craving another sandwich... damn.
Great lunch counter-type spot to get huge hoagie sandwiches served up by fine French men.  The tomatoes are fresh and ripe and the sandwiches are yummy and filling - perfect light fare for hot and humid South Beach days.  Follow it up with a tasty fruit smoothie and you're all set. It's best to call ahead and order if you can though, the counter gets quite busy and it takes about 10-15 minutes to get your sandwiches.
My coworker took me here for lunch the other day, wow, so good! I had the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich, to die for...wish they had one closer to me!
my go to spot in south beach for a good meal at a great price...
1,000th review, and I'm surprised this place doesn't have more! The last time I had la sandwicherie was over a year ago when I visited from Dallas, and I still crave their sandwiches. We came here multiple times during our short trip, because it was that good. - Turkey and Camembert!!!!! This was my all time fave. I can't get over it. The turkey is delicious, and the Camembert..oh the Camembert. Melts ever so slightly and couldn't contribute a more perfect element to the sandwich...I'm drifting off to my happy place. - The baguette was toasted just right as if the baguette gods handled the sandwiches. - The cornichons. OMG THE CORNICHONS. What magic happens behind these perfect minuscule french pickles?? Crunchy, sour additions that add to the variety of textures! - the house sauce is essential! We played a fun game with the owner of trying to dissect the recipe of the sauce. Can't recall all the ingredients but just know that it's great. - Mozzarella (Caprese?) sandwich was the best I've ever had and I typically don't even like anything with too much mozzo. Service is great! I don't know how they keep up with the never ending line of customers with a positive attitude all day. They were always friendly and personable. :) It gets very busy for good reason, but it's definitely worth the trip. Their sandwiches also make a perfect meal for the beach!
Could it be that the highlight of my trip to South Beach was a sandwich?! I swear I'm not a foodie, but this sandwich is so good I'm having dreams about it. Delicious bread. Awesome meat. Perfect cheese. And the toppings were crisp and fresh. After a hot day at the beach it's refreshing to walk a few blocks and sit down under this awning. Order a smoothie and drink it as they make your sandwich. The first bite is the best and the feeling of chewing chilled veggies in the hot afternoon air is really refreshing. The sandwiches are big enough to split them and that's what my friend and I Cedric did. The two of us ate a fabulous sandwich and had lunch for less than $10 including tip. Oh, and they're the only restaurant on the island that doesn't automatically add tip to your bill. Kudos to that.
I have some weird mental block when it comes to pronouncing any French word. So, I have a really hard time saying the name of this place. It just feels so complicated rolling around in my mouth. But, the food at this casual mosaic-adorned takeout stand, tucked away around a corner on 14th St., is anything but complicated. Actually, this place proves that simple, good quality ingredients is really all you need to make one wonderful sandwich. Be forewarned, though, the sandwiches here are made on huge fresh baguettes and can easily feed (and satisfy) two people of any size and appetite. Trust. Meats are thickly cut, so much so, that I've had trouble biting through the roast beef (but it was still fun trying and delicious going down). Choices of cheese include fresh mozzarella and brie (and they don't skimp, either) and they basically dump an entire salad of fresh cut veggies that range from green bell peppers to gherkins on top. Seriously, it's fabulous! Great place to hit up for a sandwich and smoothie after a long day at the beach. If you want to do a quick drive-by, you can park for a quick second in the alley way in front of the stand. And, if it's crowded and you just happen to grab one of the few seats, I still don't recommend hanging out here and eating -- people will be all up in your personal space the entire time trying to get their orders. So, basically, stay and eat only if it's kind of on the deadish side.
Small, good, and you can practice your French.  The chef made the sandwich right in front of us.  The restaurant had seating in a bar-like fashion only outside.  A few minute walk to the beach.  Good experience.
Perfectamundo. Nice people who work there, nice samwiches, nice area, nice lettuce, ahh the niceties in life.
OH MY GOD, eat all the sandwiches. La Sandwicherie is a cute little walk-up joint.  We spent entirely too much time looking for parking only to arrive and see lots of people parking illegally in the alley. Gotta know what the locals know. I ordered the Napoli which was is thinly sliced prosciutto paired with big chunks of fresh mozzarella.  It comes with about a pound of fresh veggies, most of which I would normally order a sandwich without (onions, olives, etc.), but I was brave and decided to eat the sandwich the way it was meant to be experienced.  The bread was fresh, the dressing was just right, and the whole thing just LOOKED beautiful.  Totally absolutely amazingly deliciously sandwichy.   PS - The smoothies are great, the owner is super French and hilarious, and the best part is that the sandwich is big enough for 2 meals so you can relive the greatness all over again.
Tired of the standard sub shops? Want to support a place  a little unique?  This is one of them. we had just flown in, and didn't feel like anything pretentious, so I saw this on Yelp. Staff, very friendly, simple menu, fresh ingredients, good size portions, really good value for the price. The combination of ingredients takes this a level higher than places like Subway or other chains.   We enjoyed this simple salad and sandwich combination and will be back.
Fresh ingedients and a lot of meat makes La Sandwicherie a high-quality sandwich place in my eyes! The prices ($8-10) are kind of steep for a sandwich but you're bound to have leftovers which will make perfect hanging-on-the-beach snacks! Definitely check this place out either before or after going to the beach.. and give their french vinagrette a whirl! It'll give your sandwich an extra oomph!
Was in South Beach for a three day mini-vacation.  Hotel suggested this place and we went there every day for lunch.  Outstanding sandwiches and salads.  Great breads!  Fun staff.  Highly recommend!!!
I just can't explain how a simple sandwich can be so good but indeed it was.
Great late night eat or for a quick bite! Even past midnight, all the toppings were very fresh. Workers are also friendly. I love that they have French, croissant, or wheat bread available. Smoothies are very good as well, I like the French Monkey. Just know that they only have bar seating.
When I think of this place, tears comes to me eyes.  They are one of the reasons why Miami is great.  I have ordered every sandwich and salad on the menu... and with the special sauce it is perfect.  The brie turkey is the best... ever... No matter what time it is, if I'm on South Beach I'm thinking about La Sandwicherie.
Great hours Fast Service Friendly Great Food I would be embarassed to say how many times I ate at this place in just 11 days of visiting Miami Beach. Lets just say, they probably know me as many times as they've seen my card. Great smoothies, my only complaint is that they come in only one size. I only had 3 of their sandwiches. The chicken salad, turkey and chicken slices. I upgraded to the croissant for all of my sandwiches, but they have white and wheat sub style bread too. You pick your toppings, they make it and it tastes great. It has a real beach bum feel to it since it is all outdoor seating at the bar where they serve you. This place owns, a must visit!
This place runs like a well oiled machine, the sandwiches are great, the service is great, the smoothies are great, the location is great, the prices are ridiculously great. What more could you ask for? They've got multiple meats and cheeses as well as toppings (they are not cheap on the toppings either) For bread you get your choice of either a fresh croissant or fresh baguette and I mean fresh! They only have about 7 seats on the counter but you can always grab your food walk 100 yards and you're on the beach.
My boyfriend and I went to this place expecting to be a restaurant. Better than we expected because it allowed us to enjoy the night wind outside at a looking like a bar. My boyfriend had smoked salmon with croissant and he absolutely loved it, finishing the sandwich instantly. However I had prosciutto and fresh mozzarella with croissant. It wasn't bad but I didn't love it. I guess it was so-so. We also had a beef roast salade with caesar sauce, which I loved this time. For beverages, my boyfriend had rainbow smoothie and I had borabora smoothie which weren't good.
Great place for sandwiches and salads.
La Sandwicherie is a sobe staple. Delicious sandwiches that always hit the spot.  If you don't like this place you're just a hater!
Good food, decent quantity for price. Service could be better, take out or phone pick up takes forever during the rush, but otherwise ok. Outside eating area only. Very fresh ingredients, and the smoothies are really good.
Awesome sandwiches. But you have to like french bread (hard/crunchy bread or croissants). Be ready to order. I felt a bit rushed but it was worth it.
Great lunch and late night food. Amazing sandwiches after a party night !
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know: 1. Amazing sandwiches, I stopped by here because of all the positive yelp reviews and it has never disappointed. 2. My favorite sandwich is the tuna sandwich, I get it every single time I come here which has been for the last 4 years to sobe. 3. You can toast your sandwich here, make sure you just let them know. 4. They have water sprayers since you'll be waiting outside in that sobe sun. 5. You can park in the alley in front and just eat your sandwich there or get it to go.
Huge flaky croissants. I couldn't believe how big the sandwich was was. After I ordered my chicken salad sandwich on the croissant, I was worried I'd be hungry afterward. I couldn't even finish it. The chicken salad was good, and thankfully not overly mayo-y. There was a ridiculous amount of veggies sandwiched in there to really bring on the fresh flavor. Seating is very limited, but it's still so worth it.
The selection is pretty simple but even so, the salads and sandwiches taste very fresh! They are very reasonably priced and best of all, they are QUICK! Their smoothies are really yummy and have no added sugar so enjoy!
Roast beef with everything and chicken on wheat. Awesome!  Quick walk from the beach
This place is amazing the service is always great and the food always fresh
First off, I'm not much of a sandwich person but this little walk up counter makes me think otherwise. It's quick, cheap and delicious. The owners are hilarious and the rest of the staff was very friendly and helpful and work very well together. Highly recommend the Napoli or the SOBE, the frenchie was good too. If you're getting a smoothie, get the Bora Bora or the South Beach Delight if you'd rather get a shake. Sandwiches are huge and toppings are plentiful. Definitely a go-to spot whenever I fly down to Miami.
I Love Their Sandwiches! Location Located in the Heart of South Beach on 14th Street. This Eatery has No Indoor Seating! It only has a Counter with stools you can sit on. Close to the Beach! Food You choose the type of Bread you want. I usually get the Croissant. Then I get The Turkey and Provolone with All the Veges except Pepper! I don't know why but peppers on a sandwich doesn't work for me! Lol Then they Top the Sandwich Off with their Famous French vinaigrette. Its Soooo Gooooood! To drink they make different types of smoothies  but I usually get a Lemon Snapple. They also have Soda. Your order comes out quick!  They are Fast in the Art of Making a Sandwich! Lol You cant  Beat This Place after a Night of Drinking ,Dancing, or Clubbing and You Need Some Food to Absorb All that Alcohol. This is the Place For You!
I found yet another fabulous sandwhich joint AND it is faboulously adorable these sandwiches are HUGE! and filled with veggies their smoothies are uuughhhhmaaaazing! very refreshing AND to top it off my boyfriend and I made a cute italian friend. he was the friendliest worker they have outside seating literally on an alley (so URBAN miami) I cant wait to visit miami again and visit la sandwicherie it stole my little heart
Whenever I travel, I need to try the top 5 most reviewed places on Yelp.  So I did.  I was a little disappointed with the four but I absolutely thank Yelpers for reviewing this place and rating high, and I do feel like this place should be the number one for Miami, Florida.  La Sandwicherie will be the first place I would visit if I visit Miami again.  I had Proscuitto+Mozarella sandwich recommended by a French gentleman.  The sandwich was huge, I could not finish all, I feel like two people can share one sandwich.  Their fruit smoothie was awesome.  Just awesome.  Can't wait to go back.
Wanted sandwiches for lunch and found this place from our Fodor's travel book.  When reaching it, I almost turned away since it is outdoor counter seating and didn't look very inviting.  However, it was fantastic!  Friendly staff!  Fresh food. Great prices!  Couldn't have had a better lunch! My husband and I shared a smoothie and sandwich and were plenty happy.  Also saw someone with a salad that looked amazing.  I will definitely go again when I'm in the area.
This place is cool and juices are ok but salads and subs are just far from fresh ( other than the bread and brie cheese). Food handling, chicken and turkey - scary.....
I'm not sure if my review here can add anything new to what has already been said.  This place is not to be missed! Ordered a mozzarella and prosciutto with everything between a baguette.  Amazing.  They do not skimp on anything here.  And the sauce here just added to it.  I wish I was in South Beach right now thinking about this place.
If you are in Miami you must go to this place, its the best sandwich place I have ever tried.
Everytime I come visit Miami and always make a point to stop here and eat.  Sooo yummy and very reasonable.
Absolutely delicious, huge sandwiches at affordable prices!  It's actually just a tiny restaurant with stools alonside the outdoor counter - like a snack shop.  There's no indoor seating.  The friendly and clean staff make the sandwiches right in front of you and top them with a dozen things like mini pickles, black olives, etc.  Yum!!!  The smoothies are fresh and the best I've had - also cheap at under 5 bucks!!! We LOOOOVED this place - everything about it!!!
This place amazes me! They work so efficiently and so well together. They are such a team, everyone helping each other and buzzing about, finishing what each other started and working as a well oiled machine. I've seen some people complain about the service and their attitudes. I've never seen any of them be rude. They are happy, kind, professional and patient and I very much enjoy watching them work while enjoying a sandwich. I got the mozzarella sandwich with everything but mayo and I added avocado. Everything was super fresh. The avocado was a nice touch. I still feel like the sandwich could use a bit more mozzarella. There's a lot of bites that have no cheese at all. Don't get me wrong, the sandwich is still amazing. I'm still not a huge fan of the vinegarette. I don't think it tastes bad. I guess it's just not my taste. I prefer my sandwich without it.   I got a Nutella croissant to go. Anything with Nutella is something worth trying in my book! Lol. I believe they slice the croissant and stuff it with Nutella to order...then they toast it. It was good but it was over toasted and the bottom of it burnt and had a lot of black flakes. Unfortunately, I didn't realize it because I didn't eat a bite until we got back to our hotel. It was still good. Their croissants are fabulous. It just would have been a lot better if it wasn't burnt. I wonder if they will ever expand but I'm thinking they don't want to lose their original charm. Everything is exposed so you can see how clean and fresh and organized they are. The speed at which the sandwich maker makes his sandwiches, cuts them, cleans off the cutting board and then moves on to the next one is so interesting to watch. Great job! You guys work hard! I truly appreciate your efficiency!
2nd time around...even better.   First off I would like to thank ASHLEY...great service, nice girl, amazing custom Orange Acai Juice she made my buddies and I. Ate La Sandwicherie 3 times in 3 days! 1st: First stop off the plane...ordered the prosciutto & mozzarella (favorite) 2nd (ordered the Ham & Camembert) to the Hotel and 3rd (Prosciutto again and a Roast Beef) were delivered right to my hotel at the W...all the way up to the door of my room! I have to thank the delivery man for the 3rd because it was pouring rain and he got the order to me fast, dry, and saved my stomach! Consistent great service at the shop, great delivery service, and delicious food.  Spending $8-11 for a Sandwich on a French Baguette with Fresh ingredients in South Beach is well worth it! I say order a few of these with your friends and hit the beach for the day!
A really good sandwich.  Out-of-towners be warned that this is a counter/ walk-up type place with no indoor seating.  They have misters to keep you cool by the counter.  A great value.  My wife and I split a signature sandwich and it was pleanty of food for us.  Nice walk from southbeach.  I'd reccomend this to anyone trying to do something casual and affordable in South Beach.
I needed a quick bite to take to the beach. La Sandwicherie hit the spot. Service was prompt and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the Turkey and Camembert on French bread. I had it fully loaded except for the peppers and the onions. The vinaigrette was impressive. My sandwich was fresh and fantastic.
Best sandwich in all of Miami Beach. Not a lot of room to sit, but a great environment and great food.
Pretty good little sandwich shop tucked away in South Beach.  The bread itself was wonderful and the ingredients were tasty and fresh.
My sandwich late in the night was actually fantastic - and no, I wasn't even drunk! I had made my own combo of fillings - of saussison sec (French salami) and camembert - and everything with it, including the cornichons. The ingredients were very fresh and the bread wasn't dried or stale when I had it. However, the memory of the not-so-good croque monsieur and the difficulty of finding seats keep this a 4-star establishment. But my sandwich gets a 5, tasty, healthy, and filling for the price, especially comparing with the other late night establishments!
it's one of the cheaper places to grab a bite to eat in South Beach. I recommend you getting a croissant instead of the hero bread, and make sure to add their special sauce! the sandwiches are huge and you get lots of toppings (if you opt to). enjoy!
Not much to look at as you walk up but MAN, this place has a great sandwich (and the guys have cool French accents).  I had the vegetable sandwich and my husband had the turkey/salami.  Both were very good and seemed very fresh.  Combine that with a great fruit smoothie and there was nothing else to ask for.  They have a few stools to perch on while you eat but it is all outdoors. I would recommend it highly.
They pretty much do one thing make sandwiches) and they do it incredibly well.
Great little hidden gem in South Beach! If you blink passing by you'll never know this place exists. We went out of our way to Check this place out and it did not disappoint. Cool little sandwich shop on between two streets. I ordered the Italian and it was amazing. The bread they used was perfect and all the ingredient are fresh. Also make sure to try some of their special dressing on your sandwich. Be prepared to wait to order and for your food. This place is extremely small and they only have 1 man making all of the sandwiches. But I'm telling you it's all Worth the wait.
When I visited SoBe, I thought that the Cuban sandwiches would be the sandwiches I would be raving about. The Cuban sandwiches were an experience, but nothing to write home about. What I will write home about though are the French sandwiches at La Sandwicherie. Ooh la la! They have a variety of sandwiches, all of which looked absolutely delicious.  I went for the prosciutto with camembert. OMG! It comes to you super loaded with all the crunchy veggies, tomatoes, onions, black olives, cornichons (mini pickles) and their home made French vinaigrette which they bottle and sell as well. They do not scrimp on meat and cheese, the prices are reasonable and the best thing about it is they are open til 4am! Something to look forward to after a night of partying in one of the craziest cities I have ever visited. 4.6 stars
Great place! Quick service, large sandwiches! Price ranges from about $7-10 per sub. Thick slices of meat!
Amazing sandwich spot on the beach. Perfect stop after spending your morning with the regular alkies across the street at Mac's.
Every time the best! Usually I go to eat there. Today I called for delivery and was very fast.
Forget subway n jimmy johns. This place is my favourite cheap eat on the beach. Fresh, cheap, tasty, great staff. It's always busy so u kno they are serving great food at a great price. Their sauce is like crack cocaine. Everyone raves about it!! Must try for locals n tourists alike
I am actually in the process of doing a proposed "Miami Beach Itinerary" for same super hip family members that are headed this way.  I was racking my brain for "fun/yummy/down to earth lunch spots" and can't believe I almost forgot this place!! This place is great--and the sandwiches aren't bad either.  I'll admit it, I'm a sucker for a french accent and a sweet smile so they could be selling me garbage from nearby 14th street and I would smile.  I kid, I kid!  Finding good saucisson sec on a sandwich outside of France is not easy to do...but having brie and cornichons!?!?!  Ahhhh, heaven. The hours are right, the price is right (sandwiches are HUGE), and you can't beat the speedy service.  There is a reason it has been around for so long--especially here in Miami.  Love this place and have yet to have even a mediocre experience.  No matter the hour or my condition ;)
This is what you do:  Go to Club Deuce and get your drink on...  Say, 8 am to 10 am, get yer 2 for 1 on.  Then get yer Sandwich on at the frenchy sandwich place.  But get the big sandwich and keep the other half in a coooler with the beer you're taking to the beach. Then, when you wake up all half stupid and tanned (don't forget the sun tan lotion) you'll have a little cornichoned treat!
This is an ok place what makes it ok. All the rest of the places around it are SO bad. Sandwiches are made in front of you fresh can't really go wrong.
love, love, love this place! big portions, fresh ingredients, love the "beachside" service. all around our new favorite place.
Love this place !!!! If you want healthy and economical price , go here ! Small place but it gets pack easily , few chairs available so you might want to  Togo the sandwich . They have different fruit shakes even healthy drinks but not available after 9 pm .
Visiting Miami for a bachelorette weekend, this place was def. ideal. Hungover from the night before, and we got fresh sammies delivered to our door at the Mondrian! How much more amazing can it get? Well, it does! Not only do they deliver but they load the sammies up with loads of meat and veggies. I got the prosciutto & brie sammy on a french roll. It had a lot of romaine lettuce chopped (but not too small), bell peppers, spicy peppers, gherkin pickles, cucumbers, red onions and tomatoes. It was so good right when it got there and even after a night of drinking that evening. The sandwich is HUGE so eating half and saving the other half for later is idea! This place makes it look easy to make a good sandwich but so many places do it wrong. It can't be that hard! They need an LA loaction, pronto!
I ate at the actual place my first time.  It was so yummy I ordered delivery the next time.  They serve legit sandwiches and smoothies! I tried the prosciutto and mozzarella and the turkey and camembert sandwiches.  They pack so much into those things...tons of veggies, etc.  They tasted so refreshing...a perfect lunch for a hot Miami day. Be sure to try the Acai smoothie.  That thing is delicious!!!!  Aside from the 2 times I had it with my meal, I went back a 3rd time just for the smoothie!
Yelp comes through again! Surprisingly fast and efficient service, very good bread, nicely filled sandwiches. I mean, they are "just" sandwiches, but they certainly kick the sh*t out of anything Subway would offer, and the prices are as good as you're going to find in SoBe. Excellent lunchtime option and, if I were clubbing in the neighborhood, it would be a great munchy stop!
ordered the turkey and camambert which is usually good best part is the camembert come home and no camembert money down the toilet
Always the best!  Consistent and delicious.  On a baguette or a croissant. . Get in my mouth!  It's a flavor veggie explosion& the dressing. . Yes! Yes! With extra pickles please:)
When it comes to La Sandwicherie, the old saying holds true, you can't judge a book by its cover. I needed cash and the guys over Tattoo's by Lou suggested I try the ATM next door. Unbeknownst to me, I was at La Sandwicherie! It was pretty packed and I asked myself why such a hole in the wall would have people lining up for sandwiches and salads. I looked up and a series of fanfares began playing in my head. La Sandwicherie! I knew right then and there I need not look any further for a mid-afternoon delight. I had the prosciutto and mozzarella combo on wheat bread with everything including the most detestable topping in my book, pickles. It was an experience. The french dressing oozed out of every crevice onto my fingers while I struggled to keep all my toppings in place. Holy shit, it was good. Service is quick, polite, and straight to the point. Don't be afraid to ask for extra dressing and if you like it as much as I did, take a bottle home with you, yeah you can totally do that. Did I mention that they're open late..Like 5AM, I'm roaming the streets of SoBe looking for grub at 3AM post clubbing....You want it, they got it.
Omg the best sandwiches ever! Their sandwiches are huge! Also try it on a croissant and extra vinaigrette! We came here for lunch and I got the prosciutto & mozzarella with everything(except black olives) my cousin had the turkey and Camembert on a croissant (delicious!) and my bf had the turkey & roast beef (he ate it ALL). We had to come by for one last stop before heading back to Atlanta. I tried the pate on a croissant... it was like heaven! I wish they would open up one in Atlanta :( oh la sandwicherie... I will miss you!
Very good, no nonsense food for good prices.  I would definitely come back next time I'm in Miami.  Oh.. and the sandwiches with FRESH mozzarella is even better when you let the cheese melt a little bit... I found this out sitting next to the pool at the Loews Hotel.  ;) Yummy!
First off, I am a sandwich fanatic. I know a great sandwich when I try one and let me tell you: La Sandwicherie is the best of the best. My friends and I were at South Beach for the day and we were really craving a good sandwich. We saw the reviews for this place on Yelp and just had to try it. At first we were nervous because it's just a long bar, there is no inside. But holy crap did the sandwich make up for it! My friends had the Sobe and Frenchie (both were amazing) and I had the turkey with all the toppings- SO GOOD! The owner was a super friendly man from France, and he talked with us the whole time while we sat and ate at the bar. Such a great guy and so happy to give him business. Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Miami.
A lil sandwicherie that already got 269 reviews and is almost 5 stars MEANS something - BOMB. we stayed at the mediterranean mansion (villasouthbeach.com), and right across the street was this la sandwicherie, so we just decided to get a quick lunch here.. we walked up to this "sandwich bar", and I got the Turkey and Camembert (Brie Cheese - yummmmmmmmmmmm) and - of course - how can i resist an orangina B) Geesh these sandwiches are so BIG. like its stuffed with 5 layers of Turkey, and half inch slices of Brie?! heavily sprinkled with peppers, french pickles, lettuce, etc. and omggg the sauce..what is this sauceee, goodness, it was sooo good - nothing like what i tried in SD, or LA..yet. I got this sandwich 2 days in a row on our visit to MIAMI ahah. I def love the french flair, and the yelp sticker on their window :D Too bad while we were eating there, we realized we missed our flight back to LA. LOL. Another night at the mediterranean mansion!?!!!? YAAAAAYYYUHHHHH
A great place to grab a quick sandwich before your walk down Ocean, or basking in the sun down by South Beach (5 minute walking distance). Found this place on Yelp and from a million other people who recommended this place on various blogs and websites. Sandwiches are quality, with freshness of the ingredients being key. Waitstaff were helpful, and gives off a feeling of that classic miami flair. Lovely place.
Great place for a quick and inexpensive lunch. Note that you order through a window and there are only a handful of stools to sit at the counter. The sandwiches are HUGE and tasty.
I just had to add my voice to the chorus of praise because I love this place. Their sandwiches are super customizable and so delicious. I almost always get the SoBe Club, which has all my favorite things (brie, fresh avocado.... yum). Their ingredients are really fresh and their homemade vinaigrette is great (which they have in bottles to take home). I love sandwiches. LOVE them. And this is a tie (or a close second) to the best one I ever had at Zingerman's in Ann Arbor - although, they are really different so maybe not to be compared. I think it is the french bread at Sandwicherie. Even more awesomely, the staff is incredibly friendly and they deliver! One evening I ordered online and they called me to say they were short staffed and couldn't deliver. I must have sounded really disappointed, because they called back 5 minutes later and said the owner would personally deliver. That. is. service.
I really dig this place.  It's literally a hole in the wall...actually, it's more of a converted trailer on a parking lot, kinda like a taco truck.  Anyway, the owner/manger speaks with a pretty strong French accent and serves up amazing sandwiches!  Piles and piles of goodness, be it fresh greens, gourmet pickles or the big blocks of cheese.  They have a long list of meats including smoked salmon.   Average sandwich runs about $8 and is big enough for 2 people!  A great place.
Forget about the sandwiches... I'm here for the cool mist spraying from above their counter. What a perfect idea to keep tourists like me cool under the hot Miami sun! In addition to the cool mist, the sandwiches made for a great treat before a long day out in South Beach. I'm a huge fan of sandwiches so I was excited to try this place out. I came with a large group and luckily for us we got to claim the whole counter before the rush of people came. This meant full attention was put into our sandwiches! I got the Prosciutto & Brie but soon realized that it was far too big for me to finish on my own. Quick Tip: Consider sharing a sandwich! You'll need to keep you summer body in check before scarfing down a whole one for yourself.
I'm not all too impressed at this sandwich place. The dressing provided to drench your sandwich was only so so and the chicken salad my friend and I shared tasted exactly like the sandwhich.  Don't expect the best customer service at this joint as when they get your order wrong, the French server my just have a staring contest with you until you quiver and give in with an apology, but not me!  I waited until the server corrected the order! You will need many napkins to wipe up the dressing. I would prefer to eat elsewhere for $7.
Sooo good! Soft fresh bread, fresh ingredients. Huge portions. It was busy for a reason. Check out my video: youtu.be/MzttXU9RU10?t=4…
The mere fact that they deliver gets them 5 stars!  Sitting by the pool and wanting some yummy food...we knew this was the place to call.  I had the croissant with turkey and Camembert cheese with avocado.  SOOOO huge and SOOO tasty!  You might wanna share your meal. But that's me...if you're super hungry, eat it all yourself :). Delivery was fast btw and i think this was our cheapest meal while in south beach. I would def order from them again.
The bread was a tad bit harder than i am accustomed to..... But still good! They are very clean and sanitary when producing the sanwiches....watch em! Amazing tomato mozz and prociutto!
I go here almost every day for lunch.  The staff is amazing and the food is INCREDIBLE.  Best sandwich I've ever had anywhere on earth, hands down.  I highly recommend that you try one on a croissant with camembert! SO GOOD!
You should try this place. Great food! Fresh and ingredients and plus you can see staff cutting vegetables in front of you
Prosciutto and fresh mozzarella Get it toasted. If you don't ask for it, they won't do it. I had my untoasted since I didn't know but I could have imagined what it would taste like toasted... Rainbow shake was okay...
I don't even know what to say about this place... Yes, we had a bit of a wait since it was quite busy, but it was so worth it. They have counter seating, but it's outdoors. I don't care that they have no seating and you have to stand outside to eat. Between the sandwich and the smoothie, my taste buds were working overtime to comprehend the explosion of deliciousness. I can see why so many people were standing in line. It was priced very low all things considered, and the food was not only delicious, but incredibly filling. I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone. The staff was friendly, and quite helpful at answering questions. They were also extremely busy. Overall, I'm going to give it five stars. Between the food and staff, the experience was very delightful. I should mention that all the customers were in an extremely good mood as well. I'll be back next week to enjoy a delicious sandwich and smoothie after a night of clubbing. It's open until 5am, let's hope I can make it. Otherwise we will keep going at it until it opens again at 8am!
A good sandwich. I had roast beef with camembert cheese. The bread was fresh and crusty, loaded with fresh, delicious veggies. The only thing I was not impressed by was the roast beef. It was not rare, it didn't even look freshly sliced. It looked like it was out of a package. But with all the other flavors on the sandwich, it wasn't a detractor.
Very cool little shop with a traditional and signature sandwiches. Had the Frenchy and mushroom soup. Outstanding! This is the local hole in the wall sandwich shop that you are looking for if you are from out of town
Every time I go to Miami, I don't care where I'm staying... I'm walking over to La Sanwicherie to get my pate sandwich. That's right. An entire delicious slab of Pate on wheat roll, white roll, or croissant. I usually get the Croissant. It's one of those things... as soon as I take a bite, I look around for cops, because something this good has to be a crime. Ordering is kind of random-ish. People just stand around a counter and try to catch the server's eyes. Compare it to trying to get a drink at a bar in a club. They open late, so during the wee hours of the morning when everyone is trying to get their drunken after club grub on, it might be a little difficult. Compare it to... trying to get a drink at a bar in a club. You might get cut in line, but don't worry. They'll eventually get to you. If you don't feel like waiting, call in ahead of time and order before you get there. They'll have everything ready for you, and all you have to do is pay. It's worth it to take the 5 seconds to make the phone call while you're walking over there from wherever you partied. After the party in San Diego, it's taco trucks. In Los Angeles, it's dirty dogs. In NYC, it's halal. In San Francisco, it's pizza. In Miami... it's La Sandwicherie. Git it.
I stumbled onto to this stand after renting a segway next door. Boy was I pleasantly surprised. It was very crowded and rightfully so,  the sandwiched here are awesome. All the ingredients perfectly complement the sandwich. I ordered the roast beef with the works... the dressing which seemed like vinaigrette made the sandwich super damn tasty! It definitely something I have never tried before. As weird as it may sound but its the perfect "miamish " sandwich. If your hungry and near the beach head over here you wont regret it.
You can't go wrong! The food is fast, fresh and tasty.
Best sandwiches on the beach. The sauce is magical. I've been coming here for over ten years. They never disappoint.
South Beach is full of chic, but laid back eateries, but i asked the concierge at the hotel for a recommendation to grab a quick bite for lunch.. something light, fairly quick, and something local.   He def led me to the perfect place and only a block away! I ordered the Camembert & prosciutto sandwich with all the toppings and OMG it was huge.  I had no idea but this baby probably weighed a good 2 pounds.  What really makes the sandwich though is their special dressing.  squeeze some of that on before every bite and you are good to go.  I think without the dressing, the sandwich would of been good, but not over the top delicious or special.  I loved the dressing so much that I bought a bottle of it.. then proceeded to put it into my carry on luggage and got my luggage searched while going through security.  The whole time.. i was thinking.. what are they looking for?  well.. smart me.. now they get to keep my delicious dressing from La Sandwicherie!! boo!  I decided to take a picture of my dressing before i had to let it go and the lady thought i was crazy... "uhh..you.... want to take a picture of it??? **confused look**"   Other sammys we ordered were roast beef with cheddar, and the salami with Camembert.  Both were okay.  They def give you triple the amount of meat than if you ordered prosciutto. Get an Orangina to wash it all down.. mmmmmmmm  =) I still prefer bay cities in Santa Monica,Cali..their bread is amazing.
The reviews do not lie. This is seriously one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. I had the salami and Camembert and my husband had the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella.  First off, these sandwiches are HUGE and they are overflowing with fresh vegetables, but the French Vinaigrette really makes these sandwiches sing. If you are in the area, you should go here immediately. I mean, do it now.
Ordered delivery for work.  Actually ordered a Turkey and provolone on wheat (instead of my regular Turkey and Brie), but got a Chicken and Provolone.  It was just as good so I can't really complain.  Also ordered a bottle vinaigrette to have at home (and ended up leaving it at work).  They do loose a star for having a 20 dollar minimum for using plastic and only providing once small vinaigrette per sandwich.
At first I had a bad impression of the guy who took our order. I thought was he was being rude but it wasn't, he was being fast. The sandwich was delish and this guys is a machine, he work incredibly fast. The price is great for the amount of food. I enjoyed my meal and entertained myself by watching his ability to work so fast, clean and organized at the same time. Our 3 sandwiches was ready ready in less than 3 minutes. And the place was full.
I love their croissant tuna sandwiches. Sometimes it can be a bit messy though so I'll get it in the baguette instead. I love the special sauce they have in the squirt bottle. If you pull up in your car, you can park in the alley but better keep an eye on it. Better to walk up or come in a scooter. I drove by the other day during lunch hour (weekday) and all the barstools were taken. Definitely a great place to grab a sandwich or smoothie on your way to or from the beach or office.
First meal in Miami and it did not disappoint. Fresh and satisfying. I ordered the turkey on French with toppings. Ask for the French vinegarette which comes in a squeeze bottle so squeeze to your heart's content. Outdoor seating only but there are water misters installed overhead along the perimeter of the bar. Awesome, friendly service. Fast food but doesn't taste like it.
The bread is too hard, making the sandwiches dificult to eat.
This place had crazy reviews so had to check it out. Pretty small shack looking place walking dist from the beach. I wanted a quick bite after bein beat by the humidity and the sun. The sandwiches were good portion, fast served and freshly made. Lot of cheese and veggies. I got the brie cheese in my sandwich and it contained a whole lotta cheese. If you are a cheese lover you' d love it. I shouldve tried mozarella. I think it wouldve gone better with the sandwich I ordered. They also got smoothies and beer. Grab a seat on a bar stool and enjoy a sandwich here near Miami beach. Yum.
While walking to Mac's Club Deuce Bar my friend mentioned that La Sandwicherie had the BEST sandwich in South Beach he has ever had. I asked what kind, he said turkey. Turkey? Was he seriously raving about a turkey sandwich? Yes. I was definitely curious. After our last day of roaming the streets of South Beach, we finally managed to squeeze in a sandwich. He got the turkey with the works (l&t, green & hot peppers, olives, onions, cukes, cornichons, mayo and the vinaigrette) on a croissant. I got the prosciutto with fresh mozzarella and vinaigrette on a baguette. All the ingredients were super fresh. The turkey with the works is a serious sandwich. And when I say serious, i mean seriously messy. You really need to use both hands to get into it............ Although I ordered a simple sandwich, their vinaigrette transformed it into a whole different experience. The vinaigrette is straight up liquid crack. It is highly addictive and probably drinkable- if you're into that sort of thing..
La Sandwicherie is a da bomb -- a great option for affordable, relatively healthy and deeelicious food right in the middle of SoBe. When I first read the reviews on Yelp, I was a little skeptical. How good can a sandwich really be? And who gets sandwiches in Miami? I'd rather get seafood, go Cuban or sample the South Beach Diet. But then I laid my tongue on its soft and fresh baguette, filled with prosciutto and fluffy mozarella clouds, fresh veggies, French pickles, and special sauce, and I was in love. Yes, on the outside it looks like a 'roided up Subway sandwich. But because the ingredients used are gourmet, it's 20x better. My friends ordered the pate baguette, the croque monsieur, and the Saussison Sec (essentially French salami) in a croissant. The pate baguette and the Saussison Sec were absolutely divine. The croque monsieur was a little disappointing cause we expected it to be this huge slab of melted cheese on a baguette. Instead, it was just a regular grilled cheese sandwich with ham in it. Very good, but compared to the other sandwiches, much smaller. It's very strange though -- everything that was French, La Sandwicherie did very well and very authentically, except the croque monsieur. Go figure. The baguette and croissant sandwiches are huge, so if you want to maintain that svelte South Beach figure, share them with a friend. Or four. I saw the guy at La Sandwicherie quarter a baguette sandwich! The coffee is really good too. A definite must try.
Just 1/2 of the HUGE Pate Sandwich on Croissant filled my belly.  Sure, I may have clogged an artery or two in the process, but it was worth it!  A little pricey at $7 something almost $8, but not outrageous.
How did I not review this place before?! As the other reviews stated this place is the best sandwich on the beach. Hands down. When I lived in Miami beach this was a weekly if not twice a week event for me. Crusty delicious French bread, fresh toppings and the dressing, it's addictive. Seriously, I still dream about it and have withdrawal symptoms from lack of dressing. They deliver as we'll if you can't muster getting out from a fun night on the beach. You need this sandwich, any if them will do. Awesome salads as well- dressssssiiiinnnnggg! Drool.
If you're in Miami, you need to swing by Sandwicherie.  Open 24 hours, two blocks from the beach.  The place itself looks beach style sandwich stand in the middle of a parking lot with some bar stools.   What to order: Saucisson Sec (French Salami) with slices of Brie Cheese, extra jalapenos and cornichons.  Decadent. La Sandwicherie, I'm totally under your spell.  I crave you all day.
Waited for seats at the counter and ordered two sandwiches for lunch: saucisson sec with camembert and salami with provolone, both on French bread and with the fixins--lettuce, tomato, green pepper, black olives, cucumbers, red onion, cornichons, and vinaigrette. Sounds like a lot to pile on, but I absolutely recommend doing so. The place was slammed while we were there--as they appear to be all the time, one guy taking orders and two others furiously building them--and they reversed our combos. We switched halfway through, though, and all was well. I also ordered the Miami Sunset smoothie. It was just okay, not the best smoothie ever. The draw here, people, is the sandwich!
Love this place, the guy behind the counter is insanely fast. I will be back over and over!
4.5 stars. I'm going to preface this review by saying that I am NOT a sandwich eater... I would go as far as to say that I hate sandwiches. You will almost never find me in a Subway or Potbelly... yet somehow, I wound up here. And I loved every bite. La Sandwicherie is a quaint, adorable stand that consists of a long counter with barstools - yes, the seating is outdoors and it can get a little steamy in the summer, but it's not unbearable. The baguettes here are absolutely amazing... fresh baked and crusty on the outside but perfectly chewy on the inside. Despite my dislike for sandwiches, I ADORE bread and this place has some damn good bread. There are a variety of special sandwiches if you don't feel like getting creative, but you have a lot of freedom to customize here with toppings. They also have freshly toasted grilled cheese sandwiches - even one with smoked salmon! No matter what you end up with, you can trust that the ingredients will be fresh and made to order. The portion size is HUGE and, for that reason, the price is very reasonable (~$8-9 per sandwich). Definitely squirt some of their special vinaigrette on top before taking a bite... adds a great tangy kick. On top of the great food, the staff here are so friendly and prompt. You can tell that this is an establishment run with love. I also highly recommend the smoothies/shakes that are made to order. The vanilla yogurt was really creamy and an awesome base for the various fruits they have available. Also - they have ORANGINA!! And if you ACTUALLY hate sandwiches - not to fret! They have salads that look just as delicious. This is a lovely eatery and I would love to come back if I am ever in Miami again.
Looking at the exterior and tucked away behind a gas station with only  a walk up window you would not no what to make of it. But don't let that fool you,  this is definitely the best little sandwich shop on South Beach. The reason being is that its super healthy and has the freshest ingredients of any sandwich shop.  I'm not a big veggie eater but after trying their veggie sandwich on a french bread loaded with all the trimmings I was hooked especially with the gherkins pickles. And if you want to be a hit with your friends on the beach pick up a couple of sandwiches and have them cut it up into several slices and share it with your friends for a great afternoon lunch on the beach.
Definitely THE best sandwich place ever. The veggies that are put on the sandwiches are really fresh. The tomatoes are always juicy and bright red. The vinagrette sauce is really good. I love it! Only 4 stars because it has limited seating. Also, the baguette is delivered in the mornings, so if you eat here later in the day or at night, the bread is a little hard.
This place is a nice outdoor sandwich shop with takeout or bar-style seating.  We were able to find 4 seats when we arrived, but it had gotten a bit crowded by the time we were heading out. The hours here are very convenient and scheduled nicely for late night snacks (they don't close till 5 or 6am), and their servers were very friendly. I had heard that the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich was really good, so I tried that one with everything except onions on it.  Maybe getting almost everything on it was a bad choice for me, since there seemed like there were too many vegetables and not enough meat (but PLENTY of mozzarella cheese).  Prosciutto's already sliced so thinly, and with only a couple layers, the vegetables really filled most of the sandwich to the point of barely fitting in my mouth.  So, on the one hand, the sandwich is HUGE, but on the other, it was mostly veggies that filled it, so not really my thing.  Maybe this just wasn't the sandwich I should've ordered, but it WAS very filling, so if I'm ever in Miami Beach again I'll have to come back and try something else. Great outdoor sandwich bar with large sandwiches filled with veggies.
Came here for a great looking sandwich...left with an empty stomach BUT full from racist and unappealing attitude from staff.
**Let me preface this by saying this place inspired me to create a Yelp account just so I could write a review.  Seeing as to how I am technologically-stilted (and admittedly several beers in), it has taken no less than 20 minutes to reach the review page.** South Beach is one of those fabulous destinations where you can drop $20 on a shot, and call it a steal.  But at the end of the night, when you stumble out of the club with no cash in your wallet, your watch missing (pawned to the bar back for cash), and one of your friends missing (pawned her too), all you want is something delicious that doesn't require you to sell anything else off your immediate body to afford it. Enter La Sandwicherie.  Their sandwiches are stuffed with sliced meats, delectable cheeses, thinly-sliced veggies so you're not hounding down the sandwich while fighting to breathe past a lettuce leaf in your face, and can be toasted to a warm, loving goodness.  And the pickles! - these crunchy suckers are tart, crispy, and dare I say.. cute. Go for the Croque Monsier hot plate.  It hugs you from the inside out.
I was in Miami for 6 days and I probably could have eaten a sandwich from here every single day of my trip. Surprisingly, I was able to exercise restraint and only visited La Sandwicherie twice. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich both times. The sandwiches are stuffed with plenty of fresh veggies. The sandwiches are decently priced, but the smoothies are a bit pricey. The fruit smoothies are quite tasty too, not too sweet and full of fresh blended fruits (just the way I like it). Yum! Great place to grab a quick sandwich in South Beach.
This is a cute spot....a few stools and a carry out window.  We stopped by after some fun at Mangos!  There were several options that sounded fabulous, but tried the prosciutto and mozzarella on  a croissant.  The mozzarella and veggies overpowered the meat, and although this combination was great, I did want to also taste the meat!  Thus, one star deduction.  I can't wait until my next trip to South Beach, so I can try a couple of the other sandwich options!
So good and so fast. Sandwiches were made in less than 5 min. So close to the beach too. Smoothies were great as well. Location, service, speed, and quality earn this place a 5-star rating.
Excellent sandwiches or subs, smoothies rock as well. Have not tried veggie juices but I have a feeling they're just as good. Place is an institution in SoBe, been coming here since the 80s. Service is friendly although space is limited but waits have always been enjoyable. Glad to try this place during daylight hours, equally delicious. Highly recommend!
Obviously a 5/5. Best sandwich on the beach, if not the world (not including hot ones eg. burgers, philly cheese...). Delicious, affordable, and a selection of cheese that will make your head spin. Good news--they just opened one on 8th street for us downtown folks. Was there the other night, almost as good, but missing something. Eat here.
I really wanted to go to La Moon since it was our last night, but they were closed. No one felt like eating a sandwich, but this was surprisingly good. The sauce is a bonus! I had half of the prosciutto and mozzarella sammy and half of another. I don't remember what was in it, but I thought it was better than their infamous sammy...
One of the best French style sandwich.
This place have been around for ever and still stayed the same. Some other sandwich shop tried to duplicate but with no success. Anybody from out of town should try this place. Good sandwiches, good salads and lesson #1 don't forget the dressing.
Every time I'm in Miami I visit La Sandwicherie at least twice. The sandwiches are so delicious, and the vinaigrette sauce they put on them are addictive!! I usually just get turkey with provolone on a sub roll, which sound so simple, but they do it better than most. And the smoothies! Banana acai!! Good god I'm drooling at the thought. Plus I love the little outdoor lunch counter. This is great food, drunk, sober, suntanned or sunburned. Great hours, great prices, definitely a best kept secret of south beach!
You're in South Beach, and plan to pack a lunch for a day spent on the sand. Don't. Drop by La Sandwicherie, get the turkey brie sandwich, and head to the beach. So delicious, your day will be made. Exceptional quality and taste for an amazing price.
My boyfriend and I tried this place today, since the reviews were nothing but spectacular.  We walked away completely disappointed.  He had the italian, I had the roast beef croque, neither one of them was even close to sub par.  Maybe everyone else has had better experiences, I really wish I could say the same.
Great sandwiches.  Definitely one of the best sandwich shops on the Beach.  Yummy!   It's a French sandwich place and everything served is really tasty.  I've eaten here tons of times and am never disappointed.  You walk up to the window and order.  They make everything to order and right in front of your face.  They have this great special sauce you can put on everything.  Amazing smoothies...  Let me just tell you, amazing.  Super tasty and fresh, no matter what fruit you choose!
FUCK SUBWAY after eating here for surreeeee!!! I'm from Southern California and all the sandwich places we have at home are either Subway or Quiznos. I went to La Sandwicherie in July 2010 during my trip to Miami/Bahamas. And my buddies and i stayed at the South Beach Plaza Hotel, which is literally 53 steps to La Sandwicherie, trust me i counted. But during our trip we vowed not to eat anything we could find in Cali. So we stumbled upon this gem, being so close to our hotel. IT WAS THE BEST DECISION WE MADE, eating wise! The bread was fresh and delicious, the ingredients and meats are fresh and made right in front of you. The spicy mustard sauce sets the sandwich off! This place is like a stand with stools in front of it. So good luck getting a seat. BUT TRUST ME, ITS WORTH THE WAIT!!!
Love the fresh sandwiches here.
I almost hesitate to review this place only because I want there to be fewer competitors for bar stools.  This place is amazing; my wife and I always enjoy the staff and the food is really a great deal and super quality.  I've never gotten any other sandwich than a Turkey & Camembert, and I doubt I ever will. Parking is a hassle.  Seating is a hassle.  Ordering is a hassle.  - so worth it.
It was 2am and I had a craving. Dirty, tasty, and pricey sandwiches. $11 for roast beef and pate, but I think it should be more like $6. +1 star for south beach ghetto atmosphere. The guy behind the counter handled my money and made the sandwich, without washing his hands. I'm a recovering germophobe and forced myself to eat it. Hepatitis? Fecal-Oral bacteria? H1N1? Bring it on! Their french bread was too hard and the roof of my mouth is peeling off as I write this review... The sandwich was yummy but not something to rave about. Mostly for tourists or for post-clubbing munchies. I would advise to ask for extra mayo since their sandwiches are too dry rather than using their painfully acidic (pH 2) french dressing.
It's...okay. I guess SoBe doesn't have a lot of sammie options to justify all the high reviews? I don't know how else to explain it. Our food was fine. Very fresh ingredients  (for full disclosure, I got brie on croissant, hubs got chicken on french). It was a good sandwich. That is all. No gods descended from the heavens, no virgins sang in voices pure...it was just a better-than-average sandwich. So if 3 stars is average (which technically I guess 2.5 stars would be?), why not a 4-star review if the sammie is better than average? A serious lack of system and a mofo line. It's a freaking sandwich. They're not building a rocket back there. Waiting 30 minutes (which apparently is the norm) for folks to assemble already prepped items into a sandwich (again, NOT a rocket) is effing ridiculous.
this was one of my first stops as i was in miami.  it was also very close to our hotel, so yelped led me to them with their great reviews. its not an actual restaurant.  its more of a a long strip of chairs of about 10 chairs of available seating.   i ordered the turkey and brie croissant and it was just as i expected.  the serving is ginormous!!  i was crazily full off of half.  saved the other half for dinner.  i think anything croissant is delish.  all the ingredients tasted fresh, and they def did not skimp on anything.
My husband and I came here 3 times in our 4.5 day trip to Miami so that should say it all.  The sandwiches are so fresh and delicious.  The mozzarella and cornichons are a must try; you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.  I love the adorable setup and how they are open so late.  A must try when in South Beach.
You have to get the prosciutto & brie on the menu it's Camembert, Kim N. told me it's brie in French) sandwich on french roll!! It's the best thing ever! I also tried the prosciutto & mozzarella and my friend's roast beef sandwiches, but the brie prosciutto combo is the best! Mozzarella didn't have much flavor. I think the ingredients are pretty simple and straight forward, but the execution is amazing. It's so fresh, the green peppers and veggies are crisp, and the brie goes really well with prosciutto! I love the little pickles they put on it, and the vinaigrette gave this sandwich a little sour twist. Oh man, it's so good, especially after a long night out (It's open til 5am!!) One sandwich, will last 2 meals because it's so big. We're only in Miami for a week, but we've been back twice already, and I STILL want to go back before we leave! It's seriously...addicting..yummers
MMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm, man I miss La Sandwicherie! This was one of my favorite places to grab lunch when I lived on the beach! Every time I go back to visit, I HAVE to get one. 2 French guys run this place and they are beyond friendly every time I go. Getting a good looking man who treats you so nicely is such a rare thing on the beach. The service is great and the food is always fresh and fabulous! My favorite is turkey + camembert  with extra vinaigrette. Seriously the sauce MAKES the sandwich! I usually get it on a baguette but their croissants look so good too. I've seen people order the croquet monsieur and thought to myself, i have to get THAT next time. But my old standby is SOOOOO good I can never bring myself to venture out since I rarely get to eat there. I highly recommend picking up a sandwich and heading to the beach to enjoy a little piece of heaven.
Can't go wrong with anything... Honestly ;)
Love la sandwicherie in fact I wish they had more of them if they did subway would go out of business. La sandwicherie has excellent late night service fresh ingredients low prices and overall high value for the customer. Their selection of sandwiches is phenomenal and they also offer healthy smoothies. Cannot get enough of this place either in south beach or brickell.
I was kind of disappointed by this place. After reading the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to stop with my bf to sample some of their great sandwiches. We got 2 prosciutto mozzarella sandwiches and a turkey/salami sandwich. All on regular rolls. I know that we should have tried the sandwiches on a croissant, but as one of the highest rated sandwich shops in Miami, you would think that the regular white sub roll would be delicious in itself. Not really the case. We found them to be try and dense and I was not impressed. The ingredients were overstuffed in the sandwich and while very fresh-tasting, I just didn't get the wow-factor that I was expecting. Good thing we got a Cuban sandwich from David's Cafe nearby..I thought it was better than our La Sandwicherie sandwiches. But their salads did look delicious!! So I might be back to try those..overall, unimpressed though.
I was really excited about this place because it had been hyped up for so long. I was definitely underwhelmed. Had the "famous croque monsieur" and, though it was tasty, it was like any ham and cheese sandwich I could make at home- just nothing special. The accompanying salad was more like a side of sandwich toppings than a proper salad. I also had their bora bora and miami sunset smoothies- again, both were good, but not amazing. I don't think the prices justify what you are getting here. The only real redeeming aspect of this restaurant is its ambience. You definitely get the island vibe while sitting in the sun listening to the reggae beats coming from inside. The service is somewhat slow, so be patient and just take in the scene :)
I had a couple hours to burn and a stomach to fill, so what to do? Yelp.  I like the atmosphere-you sit at the bar outside, the place is tiny with only barstools to sit at.  I ordered the seafood sandwich, and it came with stuffed with vegetables, peppers, and cornichons on fresh french bread.  The seafood spread was a crab/fish combination in a tomato/mayo paste-similar to a seafood salad or dip.  Very good.  All for under $7 (after a weekend eating out in South Beach this was real refreshing). Probably my best eating experience of the weekend.
Felt like I was back in Paris! What a great find. Fast, Extremely Fresh and a great value. Will definitely eat here every time I'm in Miami. Its a must visit.
My very serious love affair, with La Sandwicherie, started back in 1996.  One evening, after recently having moved to South Beach, a neighbor suggested that we eat here before we went out.  Don't let the meagre decor fool you.  OMG!  I mean...I have declared this place the best sandwich bar in the UNIVERSE.  Hands down.  There is just no competition.  I didn't even realize how much I loved sandwiches until I ate here. The ingredients are fresh, the bread is amazing and the combination of flavors is exceptional, bar none.  Please do yourselves a favor and order extra pickles and use that dijon vinaigrette sauce until it unabashedly spills down your hands and you lick it up like a greedy four year old. I've tried every single sandwich here and they're all delicious.  Personally, I keep coming back to the veggie and Turkey with Brie (repeat after me, extra pickles PLEASE)! A friend of mine was filming a show in Miami and couldn't find a place where the crew could eat well and not break their budget.  I sent them here.  It's three years later and she still thanks me for sending them there.  Winning. There's no real parking beyond the street parking which is hectic in that neck of the woods.  We used to rollerblade over there.  There are bar stools lined outside if you want to eat there.  They also used to deliver around the beach, even poolside.  I'm not sure if they still do or not.   Anyway, anytime I go back to Miami for a visit this place is an absolute MUST.  Some of the employees who have been with them for a while, remember me when I show up (bonus points).  They've also begun bottling their famous vinaigrette sauce which they sell for $4.....does life get any better?   Do yourself a favor and go here.  Just try it, you'll understand what I'm talking about. Bon Appetit!
Wow, when I found out about this place, every pizzeria and the infamous Jerry's Deli went right out the window for a late night or even afternoon eatery! Thanks to two good friends, I found out about this sandwich place and it was the decade! Everything is fresh and made to order, nothing sitting around. They do not skimp on anything. Lots of meats, cheeses, everything! The sandwiches are pretty big so come hungry or dont and take half home for later (yup did that and it was good 6 hours later!) Small place, you could miss it if you are not paying attention, and a small staff, but they produce one of the best damn sandwiches I have ever had! Nice job!
My gfs and I are not from here but thanks to yelp for helping us find this place that was close by us. This place was not what I expected. Literally a hole in the wall, but I think that's what gives the place character. When we got here all the seats were taken...which was a good sign. I ordered the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich on the French bread...it was very big and tasty. All the ingredients they used were very fresh.  I fell in love with the tiny little pickles and peppers. Usually I don't even like pickles in my sandwiches. Their sauce was also really good I wish I can remember what it was. I also got to take a bite out of my friend's sandwich she got the grilled chicken on croissant and that was just as good.  The smoothies were alright...the workers there are great and very friendly. I'll be sure to come back here the next time I'm in Miami.
Great beach lunch, as far as I say. Very close to the beach, very Casual bar tables and ,very busy. I came here after reading all the reviews, with a decent number of people claiming "best sandwich of my life". I ordered French mozzarella over French bread with everything in it, which many people recommended and a rainbow smoothie. The food is quickly served. Overalls, I would give a 65/100. The sandwich is definitely overrated, as it might be a good bulky and comfy beach food for those who walked straight from beach with a salty mouth who plan to rush back to the beach for another tanning session, it definitely should not be in the category to run for best sandwich in anyone's life. The bread is huge and dry, the stuff in the sandwich, however, is pretty fresh, but still prepare enough water to wash the food down. The smoothie, on the other hand, is surprisingly good. Not watery and not too much ice, feel like what a good smoothie should be. All in all, 3 star. Sorry.
I cannot go to South Beach and not get a vegetable and camembert baguette from La Sandwicherie. I've been eating this sandwich since high school. It is just too good! It's the vinaigrette.... mustardy heaven. If I have a some extra cash on me, I get a smoothie because they are delicious. The folks that work here are friendly, chatty and fast. They make you feel welcome. When I'm with my friends, we eat at the counter if there's space. But when I'm by myself, I take it to the park on Ocean, find a spot under a coconut tree, and eat in in peace. I also appreciate the water misters they keep on during these hot ass August days.
I love the Sandwiches at La Sandwicherie!!!! They are consistently good every time I go and there really is no substitution. I always get the pate and brie on baguette with everything. Everything from the cornichons that they put in the sandwich to the brie and pate is top notch, including their dressing. Trust me, you will want your own bottle for your sandwich and they will give it to you if you ask. They really don't skimp out on the meat or veggies and I couldn't think of a place I'd rather eat while writing this review for under $10. The only con is that it can get a little busy at times so its hard to get the sandwich maker's attention, but once you do they service is fast and friendly
This is the kind of sandwicherie that makes you feel like you're a local in a beach town, although you know damn well all the tourists come here. The French man that's the owner really makes you nostalgic for your days wandering in Paris, if you've ever been lucky enough to have gone there. The proscuitto and mozz sandwich is massive and really is a bundle of freshness with a kick from the jalapenos. The Miami Sunset smoothie is really refreshing and perfect for a nice day out in South Beach. Besides the long, confusing debacle with the owner misplacing my credit card, I have nothing but positive things to say about this place. Side note: the mist sprays they have goin on above the counter area are a life saver from the heat!
The best on the beach. Fresh toppings, amazing bread and the special sauce is awesome. A must have if you come to the beach.  I have been coming here for over 7 years!
Oh mon Dieu! Pick up your average run of the mill KickAss Sandwich Compass and it'll lead you to this very spot. I've been living in Miami Beach for almost 16 years... and to this day I cannot find a better sammie... Fresh? Check. Affordable? Check. Tasty? Double check. The monstrosity of a sandwich that these oh so friendly (that's always a plus) French owners provide is filled with absolutely nothing EXCEPT the freshest veggies, cheeses and meats (or creamy poulet salad, tuna salad, salmon...) ever. My regular order: Turkey and provolone on baguette with all the fixins', (extra cornichons and vinaigrette), and a Miami Sunset smoothie to seal the deal. Sit at their cute counter top (which seats 10 people at most but that's part of the charm) with your lunch partner on one side and a hot European tourist who doesn't speak a lick of English (oui oui) on the other side. Or head over with your soon to be food baby one block East to the beach! Plop down in the sand and munch on the divine creation in front of you (don't be shy).   I was reading some of these other reviews and some mention their salads... I'm sure they're great, but it's not called La Saladerie, people. Screw your diet for THIS meal, at least. Forget the carbs and fat, and whatever else you "can't" have more than once every five years. Order a 'wich! OUI OUI! LA SANDWICHERIE!
So much win at La Sandwicherie! Victory served! Being a tourist on a budget in south beach Miami can be tough on your stomach. (ie all the cheap food is bottom-rate) But that is where La Sandwicherie rises above their competition! This place is all about the quality of ingredients. Super fresh! It was perfect for my group of friends. We were looking to grab a bite and were 100% satisfied with La Sandwicherie -You get your choice of bread (french roll and croissant or wheat bread for an exta charge) -As many of the free toppings listed as you want -Amazing sandwich selection. We shared the prosciutto and mozarella and chicken and cheese. OMG so good, and so refreshing. -Each sandwich is huge! -A place that makes you feel like a local! -Great customer service. Short waits. -Attention to detail. Nike somehow sponsors this place and the specialty sandwiches are named after nike shoes! How fun!! Wish I could go back!!
I don't know what all the hype is about this place...maybe because I don't eat meat and ordered the egg sandwich, but the egg sandwich just wasn't all that. First off I thought it was egg salad, but it was just sliced hard boiled eggs so it wasn't so good (my fault for assuming). What I didn't like about this place was that the guy behind the counter did not have gloves on when he made our sandwiches. I don't care how good your food is, cleanliness comes first. He didn't wash his hands either. This place gets 2 stars for that reason alone. I give the food 3.5 stars.
Oh, this place is great. What ambience. The seating is in an authentic city alley. Food is good. Cool peeps eat there, too.
It was 2 am I was drunk I was hungry It was good Lots of toppings, Big sandwich, very fresh.
The best option for a cheap meal in South Beach is at La Sandwicherie. Most sandwiches are under $7. They aren't the biggest or smallest sandwich you'll ever have but they'll take your hunger away for a good while. I would give them 5 stars for value and taste under normal circumstances but I have a story to tell about their service. The day before my BF and I left to St. Augustine we decided to order a pair of sandwiches. I ordered the Saucisson Sec (French Salami) sandwich. At $7.50 it is one of their most expensive sandwiches. I asked that they hold various items on their list of toppings. They made our sandwiches pretty fast and put them into a nice paper handle bag. We then went back to our hotel and put them in the small fridge. In the morning I was hungry so I decided to eat half of my sandwich. Soon I got really mad. After biting it a couple of times I found out they had given me a meatless sandwich! All I could think about was how hungry I would be all of our roadtrip to St.Augustine. In the end it wasn't that bad but still - it made me pretty angry that they made me an accidental vegetarian at the worst possible time! I basically had a cornichon (French pickle) sandwich topped with lettuce, camembert and vinaigrette for $7.50! Vegetarian sandwiches cost only $5.40 - how could the braindead employee not have noticed that? Anyway, hopefully when you come here they won't mess up your order. The food is good and the cornichons and vinaigrette are awesome. You can sit at the bar they have all along the area where you order but it was packed the whole while we were there. It's probably often like that. If you're lucky a French guy that calls you "my friend" in his thick French accent will take your order instead of the lame guy that took mine the first time I came here.
I don't agree with the plethora of high praise.  The ingredients are fine, but I felt the bread was dry.  Dijon sauce didn't wow me.  (I had the prosciutto and a smoothie.)  Definitely convenient, fast, but nothing spectacular.  So if you're nearby early in the morning, I agree, check it out.
It's like I died and went to sandwich heaven. I had a roast beef and mozzarella on a croissant. Oh wow....supremely fresh mozzarella and cooked to perfection roast beef on a flaky croissant. Amazing.
Took me months to get here, even with everyone's rave reviews. I don't spend nearly enough time on the beach. :) Finally made it here last weekend after a long and incredibly fun beach day with some friends. I tried the veggie sandwich - which is basically everything, sans meat. Even comes with cornichons, if you want them! LOVE it! Of course, I ate those first. :) The highlights were definitely the delicious, fresh French bread, and the incredibly yummy French dressing. Now I totally get what the hype was about. Definitely a nice change from my standard Subway veggie delite! Next time I'll follow in Michelle W's footsteps and try the mozzarella sandwich, because yes, it did look awesome. I only wish this place was closer to the Grove, dammit! Good veggie sandwiches are sooooo hard to find.
Yo braj. You finna get a sang on south beach at a reasonable price from some bros that are like French? Then hit up this place. My girlfriend and I grabbed some baguettes from La Sandwicherie for the beach and let me tell you something that is positive because these sandwiches were hashtag bomb. In all seriousness: around 7 for a sandwich, good vegetarian options, and juice that you'll want to drop your boxers for. Get it
I wish I could give this place 4.5. I went here at least 3 times during WMC and it was awesome almost every time. The one time they were lacking was late night, probably about 4 am, when the bread was incredibly stale. I was even inebriated and it still tasted stale. Maybe I should be giving it five stars since I may be unfairly rounding down based on my experience after a night of heavy partying. Anyway, all the other ingredients are consistently super fresh. I tried the turkey and the chicken salad and got everything on them. Service was fast, the location is close to the beach, and it is very reasonable for the area.
Nothing better after a night filled with tequila, and salsa dancing than an energizing smoothie and sandwich. I liked the wide selection of breads, meats and cheeses. Can't wait to come back and try more of their smoothies, but so far, the Acai is my favorite!
I think the sandwiches here are good as in good, but not *in your face* good where they try to throw cheap tricks like bacon or fried onion rings to add a sh*tload of flavor.  These are sandwiches that forces you to enjoy the freshness and quality of the ingredients, with the prosciutto being a perfect example of that.  God, I never tasted mozzarella like that before in my life.   I was also happy that I could take a piece of home with me to Miami, and be able to order ham and pate.  In retrospect, probably should have ordered that on a croissant roll, but who cares, it was good!! Prices are $6-7, and more than enough food.  It's conveniently located in the heart of the collins/ocean area.  As far as the magic sauce goes, I'm not a big fan of vinagerete, and still not...but if it's your thing, I could see why people would rave about it.
Best kept local secret there is on SoBe. Best subs in town and the dressing is awesome. If you blink you will miss this place or if you see it you may walk past it thinking it's not for you, but you are the one missing out. Oh and I love those cornichons.
Not as good as a couple of my regular spots for a prosciutto + mozzarella sub (which are admittedly both delis owned by Italians, which this is not) but this place was not bad either.  Really enjoyed the dressing when I tried it with a bite of the (turkey?) + camembert.   Seems like the best sandwich option around South Beach, I'll check it out again for sure next time I'm in the area.
BEST PLACE TO BE EATING AT in the beach! amazing food, very friendly people, the vinaigrette is to die for!
Love it! A french whole in the wall, what a concept. Great food when you want to be healthy or hung over! Only problem is no parking, ever!
When I first saw the pictures to this place it didn't look so good but my boyfriend really wanted to try it so we  went. Is was soooooo good and we will come  again. If you look for a fast good lunch come here
I work nearby so one day we decided to order in sandwiches, my room mate had been telling me about this place for a while so we decided to try it out... the sandwiches were excellent, built to order and very tasty... definitely a place to add to your South Beach dining list!
This place is great, its a hidden gem and all the locals eat here. It is open from 9 am to 5 am 20 hours a day,  to satisfy the munchies of the clubbing crew, the beach goers and everyone else who goes to sobe.  I pretty sure they only close for those 4 hours to restock, clean. and prep. I have been here at 11 am, 8 pm, and 4 am and this place is always packed! if you go here at lunchtime it is madness go prepared!  I will literally drive from south Miami to the beach for one of these sandwiches or salads. Its more of a sandwich bar then restaurant and what makes this truly amazing is how fresh the ingredients, healthy food, huge portions, and there house blend vinaigrette.  As for customer service, well the place is on sobe, and the owners are two adorable french men who have no patience for indecisiveness.   Tip for visitors:  when it its outrageously busy like a mob scene they have menus everywhere make sure you know what you want so you can quickly give the order, pay and get your food. Generally 1 of the owners is on sit at all times which makes this place run smoothly. Some of the staff is more competent then others and the ones who cant handle a fast past eatery get axed so fast. Biggest issue is seating but that just proves how busy they are and how much they have grown. They opened another location in Bricklle just as fabulous, its bigger with more sitting option and is always busy as well.
Through some flight cancellations and horrid customer service, American Airlines put is in Miami for an 8 hour layover. WTF?? Well, since we had so much time, and our luggage was already checked all the way to our final destination, we figured to check out Miami for half the day. One place we ended up was here, a cool little outdoor sandwich shop.  The sandwiches were nice and big, and didn't hurt the wallet too much, as you might expect at a tourist destination such as Miami Beach.
I gave this place 4 stars for the price, quality, and authenticity of the place.  Love almost everything about it and almost gave it 5 stars.  However, I wasn't too impressed with the Açaí smoothie.  The bread is tasty and the ingredients fresh.  I am definitely coming back and would recommend it!
Best sandwich I've EVER eaten. Period. Outdoor seating only on barstools. Sandwiches big enough for two. Make this a stop on your visit to MB.
Just writing this review makes my heart ache that I can't have this every day.  This was literally one block over from the hotel I was staying at during my trip to SoBe.  We had this three times in two days, it was so good.   The people who work there are nice, the place is tiny and always busy, and the sandwiches...heavens, the sandwiches.   I had the Tropical Paradise one the first time--who knew mangoes and olives could go together? Oh, but they do.    The prices are around 10 dollars for a sandwich, which you might think is pricey until you see the huge quantity you get. Plus, it's worth every single bite.   Amazing. Do yourself a favor and just go!
Simply the best... If you want FRESH then you must grub here. I was here cooking for South Beach Wine&Food festival and I must of eating here 10 times. the vinaigrette is seriously drinkable. If you are a sandwich person then yes believe the hype. If you like crusty french rolls  and fresh ingredients then eat here. Also EVERY other place in this tourist trap is so bad that it makes this place even that much better. I wish I had one in Cali. If you really did not like this place well then... Fell free to join Jared at Subway.
What a sandwich place. And service. I tried the French salami and the mozzarella. Both were great. Superb night out and experience. By far the second best sandwich I have ever had (the best was at Mendocino Farms in LA). Easily the best in Miami beach area.
It's a good place to get a sandwich when you want a quick bite and don't want the Subway experience.  It's the exact opposite of a subway.  You order your sandwich and sit on a stool like at an open bar.  No tables and no $5 foot longs.  The sandwiches were definitely unique.  They use fresh bread and fresh vegies.  I ordered the roast beef (not a good one) with the works and it came out to about $7.  I might try it again but it's not as great as other reviewers have made it out to be.
If someone ask if you want La Sandwicherie the answer should always be Oui Oui! This place is the type of place you will dream about. It's tiny little corner deli pumping out anything but tiny sandwiches. When ever you are come be prepared that this place will be busy (you don't get 1000 reviews by flying low.) This spot is filled with locals and tourist a like looking for an incredible sandwich or salad. As you can imagine,  there is sometimes a wait, but nothing unreasonable and you maybe bump elbows with a stranger at the counter, but once you get your food, all is good. This weekend I had one of my all time favorite sandwiches, the Napoli. It's loaded with prosciutto and the most creamy dreamy cheese and I order mine all the way. I figure when in Rome do like the Romans. This bad boy comes stuffed to the brim with romaine, tomatoes, onions, olives, sweet and hot peppers and what really sets it apart is the amazing sweet and sour pickles and their famous salad dressing/ sandwich toppers. Once this sandwich is in front of you, you will be thanking the yelp gods for showing you the way! Just be prepared, when you think french sandwich you may think dainty and delicate, this sandwich is everything but!
It took me a second trip to Miami Beach to finally have the time to come check out La Sandwicherie. This is a sandwich joint, with a real French flare, but I wouldn't necessarily call the sandwiches true French. As my best friend pointed out, "where is the sandwich with butter and ham?" Rather, "ou est la sandwiche avec buerre et jambon?" Taking an evening flight home to the West Coast on a Tuesday evening, post-weekend cruise vacation, we decided to spend our last meal at La Sandwicherie. While my companions opted for lox and prosciutto/mozzarella, I went for turkey and camembert and it was one hell of a sandwich. You have options to adorn your sandwich with many yummy things, but I chose lettuce, tomatoes (not waterlogged; really good quality!), cucumbers, black olives, and vinaigrette. The hearty sliced turkey and smooth salty camembert was so perfectly matched for all the fresh accoutrements, I think I was having a sandwichgasm. These sandwiches are stuffed so full they nearly need to be eaten open-faced, so you could stretch a full sandwich into two light meals, or lunch and a beach snack for later as I did. They also have salads, coffee, smoothies, and did I mention they're open from 8am - 5am? No matter the hour, this place is definitely worth checking out while you're in South Beach!
Ate their for lunch yesterday! I love this place. NOthing better is to walk of the beach hungry and sandy. Sit on a stool and order an amazing salad or a sandwicherie! Great place. Not cheap, but good.
Ultra fresh and tasty sanwiches served on baguettes or croissants!  Their salads were equally good - although they're style isn't very gourmet (think mozzerella and proscuitto) they have a great french vinaigrette that makes everything so yum.  Centrally located, stand-style and cheap!
nyumnyumnyum post ultra post anything ask for montana
After years of hearing rave reviews about this South Beach Alley Treat, I made my way there yesterday after some afternoon sunshine. The decor is very simple, walk-up, and we were immediately greeted by the guy behind the counter. After a quick glance at the menu, I decided to go with a simple, but fresh Mozzarella sandwich, on a croissant.  In a jiffy, the sandwich master began constructing my masterpiece to my exact specifications, and I asked for their "french dressing"- more on that later. What was plated in from of me was a gorgeous sandwich bursting with color and flavor. I was given a bottle of the dressing and after I squirted some on the sandwich, my friend told me it's so good, prepare to die. as I bit into the sandwich she stated, and now you're dead. Perhaps I was, for a brief , fleeting moment, floating in a little heaven of mozzarella, fresh romaine and tomato, with french vinagrette. My little slice of sandwich heaven was only tainted by the croissant it laid between- a little too hard and stiff for my taste, maybe because it was near the end of the evening, but it definitely is not something that would keep me from returning. 2 sandwiches, plus Orangina = total damaged 18.00. Not too bad for the Beach, plus the sandwiches were huge.
Hands down... the BEST SANDWICHES EVER!! I go to Miami every year for the Winter Music Conference in March, and by January, I start salivating every time I think about this place.  Their sandwiches are equally fantastic whilst laying out on the beach, as a pre-club healthy dinner, or as a 6am post-club meal.  I was in town for a week last year, and I had a sandwich every single day.  I know, I know.... that's kinda gross. The best, freshest sandwiches and salads!  Great mozzarella, fresh veggies, yummy cornichons, and fresh baguettes.  Don't forget to add their special sauce!
One of the eating places in Miami Beach were you will get your moneys worth...Great sandwiches. When you get out of the club it's great to stop and get one of their delicious sandwiches.  Best of all they prepare it right in front of you.
This is an excellent place to get a sandwhich. This is not a sit down, get served restaurant experience. This is a sub shop stand where you watch the guys make your sub, pay for your sub and head to the beach, These are not your average subs at all! These subs, although made in an informal setting have a delicious gourmet feel. So good. They are huge, the bread has a croissant consistency, the meats are deli style and generously served, the rest of the toppings are fresh and delicious. They use a signature horseradish sauce on every sandwhich. I don't think they offer a lot of different sauces. it's really just that horseradish and it works. This is the perfect meal for a beach day.
A delightful sandwich shop with a late night scene (open 8am-5am daily) AND they deliver? You know this place has gotta be good. La Sandwicherie serves up some hearty, healthful sandwich options and refreshing smoothies to boot. With its outdoor bar-style seating, it was the perfect locale for a post-run cool down and enjoying the warm, breezy weather.  Although their menu consists of your standard sandwich combinations, the sandwiches can be customized and ordered with any combo of meats and cheeses that your heart desires. I opted for a classic turkey and provolone sandwich with all the fixings.  The fresh ingredients are piled high atop your sandwich selection, dressed up with their famous house-made vinaigrette.  I do think the veggies somewhat overpower the overall flavor of the meat and cheese, but every bite packs great flavor and texture nonetheless.  Be sure to try the cornichons (French pickles) and ask for extra vinaigrette.     Adorable sandwich shack, amazing staff, and solid sammie creations.  A South beach gem you shouldn't miss!
One perfect sandwich= flawless baguette + Fresh-healthy toppings + out of this world french dressing This places serves delicious sandwiches for a reasonable price. It is a must if you are in Southbeach!
Pretty good sandwiches.  Went here twice during our stay in south beach for WMC in March of this year.  It happened to be about a block from our hotel which was perfect.  Very good and unique sandwiches.  And always packed.  Only complaint was the price.. I swear I got overcharged.  But who knows.. I never complained.  Very good food though :)
Great vibe and awesome menu options. Fast service and the music they play gives you a real Bahamas tropical fEEling! Hits the spot, but sometimes this place gets reaLLy busy. The water mist offers a great way to cOOl oFF on the hoTTest of days. Dont forget to get a smOOthie or vegetable juice to kEEp you hydrated. Also a great way to replenish them potaSSium stores we desperately nEEd in the states. Huge salads served with optional bread to kEEp them tastebuds satisfied. All sandwiches are served on french baguettes locaLLy baked at La Chic on 11th & Washington Avenue. Great find for tourists and locals alike.
This place makes  phenomenal sandwiches.   The physical place is a bit tiny and can get busy during any tourist weekend, but I prefer to use online ordering. I'm not really a "sandwich person", usually I get excited about things like pizza or burritos, and sandwiches are just kinda OK most of the time.  This place is an exception.  The sandwiches here are so good, they transcend the usual boring sandwich.  It must be the ingredients, all of which are very fresh, or the homemade vinaigrette. I have experimented quite a bit but I always go back to the ham and turkey, or else the "chicken deli" which is a chicken salad sandwich. The delivery people are always French, and probably not coincidentally, friendly.  This place is awesome.
What can I say about La Sandwicherie, it is one of the best sandwich places I have ever been too.   The ingredients are very fresh and delicious.  As I have stated their sandwiches are amazing, I usually get the salami, ham and turkey with everything and it is enough for two.  They have really, really good salads. My favorite salad is the smoked salmon salad; all I have to say is WOW.  They also have smoothies, which sound really good and refreshing, I have not had the pleasure have having one yet, but it is on my list. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  So if you are looking for a really good sandwich this is the place to go. The staff is always so friendly.
Delicious sandwiches! I had a prosciutto and mozzarella with all kinds of delicious fixins, like corinichons. Will definitely go back.
This is my first time here and it only happened because the taco place next door was close. Although it said it would be open until 5am. Any way, my boyfriend and I decided to give yoy guys a try and we were surprisingly satisfied. I had the chicken salad sandwich,  it was nice and fresh. I will definitely be coming back.
Super sandwich hole-in-the-wall on South Beach. It doesn't look like much from the outside but they have excellent sandwiches on nicely fresh french bread (or fresh huge croissants) with really fresh tasting cucumbers, french pickles, lettuce, and tomato along with a side of mustard-based vinagrette sauce. These guys seem to really take pride in their sandwiches and there's even a French dude working there (the owner?) who adds credibility to the fresh French bread and croissants. Only minus preventing me from giving them 5 stars is that they are so busy and work so fast that they sometimes forget certain ingredients - such as the mayo and cheese which were noticeably missing from my sandwich. But the rest was so good that it was fine without. Bottom line: GREAT sandwiches on South Beach with fresh everything. The mozzarella sandwich looked awesome too - must try next time. Just make sure they don't forget any of your ingredients due to haste.
Wow, I can't express how pleased I was with my visit to La Sandwicherie. I visited it on a Monday for lunch to which I found only 3 other patrons present. I ordered a turkey sandwich with a coke. Not only were the ingredients fresh, but they were also astetically pleasing. I reccomend dabbing a bit of their signature mustard vinagrette sauce on each bite...really tasty stuff. I like it enough to purchase a bottle to bring back with me. FYI: one bottle, about 16 ounces costs $4.45. I will return to La Sandwicherie again when I visit Miami in the future.
Top notch ingredients and they're homemade vinaigrette should be bottled and distributed world wide! One of my mandatory stops when in Miami.
