I will say its 3 stars cause the lady behind the counter is super cool. The meats were super dry and with little flavor. The tacos come with no toppings so you must dress yourself. They do stuff the tacos with lots of  the meat. I dont mind the small place, just the flavors were not there. We bought 14 tacos, maybe it was that they had just opened, but i found no seasoning on any of the meats except al pastor. I personally believe morelia in homestead has superior flavors and better meat options. I dont believe morelia is worthy of 4 stars, and neither is this place in my opinion.
Viva Mexico! This place has had more names than Poff Dizzy or whatever he's going by now but what has always stayed the same is its simple delicious menu. Like many others have said, they don't play around with sides or cheese or chips. They do give you your own salsa bar at your table and excellent, fast service no matter what time you show up( unless they are about to close and then they treat you like shyt) Pro tip - ask about the Alaskan fish. Super rare but it can be yours if the price is right
Tacos were ok. I've tried better. Tacos were kinda small too. The pastor tacos and the campechano I think it was called were good. Overall an ok place!
People go on and on about this place, but the food is really underwhelming. For decent, cheap tacos, Viva Mexico follows through, but if you're expecting the otherworldly tacos that other people swear by, you will be sadly disappointed. Having visited and feasted in Mexico proper, I can attest to the fact that no matter what anyone says, these are not completely authentic tacos. Close? Sure, but not one hundred percent. As I said, if you want decent to slightly above average tacos for little money, you won't go wrong. But if you believe the hype, you will regret the decision to eat here. Pro: Outdoor seating Con: Nothing but tacos on the menu
I finally created a yelp account today, after eating at viva Mexico for the first time. This place is off-the-wall incredible. All they serve is tacos.. No chips, no guac. No alcohol served (but, as the waitress advised me, you can buy some across the street at the convenient store and drink it here). Still worth recommending. Possibly the best tacos I've ever had, and I consider myself a pretty big "taco guy." I had the al pastor and the steak tacos - 2$ each. Nice little outdoor patio area and bar seating inside. I highly recommend this place as a lunch spot, although I can't necessarily speak to this area after dark..
These are the best tacos I've had in Miami--and best of all, they're super cheap. And simple. Though the roadside stand kind of evokes the third world, I'm finding increasingly that that's a good thing down here (Palacio de los Jugos, anyone?!). These are no-frills tacos: just a simple, warm corn tortilla (AMAZING!) with a meat of your choosing. They have the basic chicken and beef, but then there's a whole slew of pork options, too: leg, ear, tongue, skin, mixed, etc. They're all pretty great, but unless you have a particular hankering for strange body parts, the best pork is the simple leg.* I got a little adventurous and ordered the skin and mixd-pork tacos, as well. The skin came out looking a bit like fried onions. It tasted like tasty pork fat, though, of course--but it did have a bit of a chewy/mushy texture, which may not be everyone's bag. The mixed-pork, too, had a strange, almost cartilage-like texture . . . but it, too, was super tasty. Remember: you're eating an animal, so that's to be expected, right?! The tacos come with nothing on them, but you can add your own lime, cilantro, and salsa/hot sauces from a sauce bar they bring right to your table. It's all based on an authentic Mexican experience, so don't expect anything more than basic goodness! 9 tacos + a delicious Christmasy horchata came to $17. Tell me where you can find a better deal for better food. ANSWER: You can't! *Ask for the pork leg and cracklin' taco, which I don't think is on the menu!
$2 a taco?! That's the cheapest place i've found in Miami. BYOB. They bring you a variety of sauces and salsa to add to your taco. Not the best tacos i've had, but definitely worth the money. Bring some cash!
感觉挺一般的，因为原来吃过yelp排名第一个的那家，所以相比之下这家就一般了。品种比较少，而且酱料要­自己加，这个配比不好拿捏。老板娘倒是很热情，详细解释每个taco，要是没吃过taco的可以去尝尝鲜。­ps，我觉得很一般，我老婆是吃遍国内山南海北的，她觉得好吃。大家斟酌吧，哈哈
I saw the wonderful reviews for Viva Mexico, so I decided to eat some fresh Tacos today. I ordered three Chicken Tacos and a a can of diet coke. They brought the fresh Tacos to the table in less than five minutes along with a tray of various sauces (mild and hot- red and green sauces; fresh Cilantro, and fresh chopped onions. It is a very small place (only have about five tables (that sit four people) outside and it's a CASH only business. The tacos were very good and fresh, and it cost me $6.  I asked about dessert. They offered Arroz con leche (which I do not eat). I also asked for expresso (they don't have any there- I suggested that they may want to add that to their menu (some other people that were there were asking where they could get some.  If you are in the area and craving Authentic Mexican Tacos, you may want to try it out.
This is exactly what Miami needs! A place with delicious and cheap food. Con Sabor a Mexico is porktastic! and Ode to Pork. The perfect place for pork to die! and to top it all off they have Sidral Mundel! and they sell paletas! And like the cherry that tops the perfect sundae the people are uber nice. What more could you want in life?!?! Bring cash!!
Amazing! This inexpensive mom & pop shop on the side of the road (w/mostly patio seating, read: four tables) serves up some excellent carnitas. For the uninitiated, carnitas is all the nasty parts of a pig's insides, parts you would probably have an aversion to if you were any bit squeamish; all the same parts that hold a punch of flavor that you can't deny tastes so good. For about $2 per taco you are offered fresh tortilla-wrapped carnitas and you choice of four sauces ranging in heat from hottest to mildest (habanero, sambal, chili verde, and ancho chili) with chopped onions and cilantro. No frills, no fuss. Perfection.
I'm going to have to be the guy who brings the rating down a notch unfortunately. Although I enjoyed my food, I tried a variety of pork products and I enjoyed the Campechano most of all, I didn't find it to be all that "cheap". The tacos themselves were rather small for what must now be at least $2 each. There's no set pricing that I could see. My bill came out to be $14 for 5 tacos and a Horchata. Yes it was good, but I doubt I'd come back any time soon especially if I'm looking for a "cheap" meal.
Big fan. Fast, cheap & delicious. It's a bit of a dive, don't come expecting an El Torito. The menu is not varied. They have tacos made from pork, beef and chicken. The pork tacos are made from leg. You can also order any of these meats by the pound and munch on a big pile of meat. I advise you to be adventurous and try the "Surtida" taco which features bits of every cut of pork they offer. I admit, I was wary of it before I finally gave it a shot, but now it's pretty much the only one I order. It's nowhere near as disgusting as it sounds. The bits of tongue and pig ear are actually super flavorful and delicious.
Con sabor a Mexico definitely has the best tacos in Miami. Why is it so difficult to find good tacos in Miami?? I have been here 2 or 3 times and it has been consistently great. The tacos are relatively inexpensive, fresh, and delicious! The horchata is a bit sweet for my taste but worth a try. I had never had it before so I can't compare it to any other horchata. I've tried the chicken, steak, and campechano tacos. The campechano was my favorite, crackling pig skin = yum! Staff is pleasant enough, seating is not the best but sit at the bar and enjoy the colorful atmosphere. Definitely recommend!
Even though I don a sombrero, and I actually make it look good, I have no relationship to the Mexicali. That, of course, doesn't prevent me from enjoying their delicious cuisine and heritage, and that includes those delicious *on the go* "taquitos" served proudly at Carnitas, for short and abbreviated. Tacos and why tacos. Well, tacos are pretty much Mexican fast food. Carnitas is no exemption, you show up and order and in less than two minutes, your food is ready to play dress up with you. Also, they are cheap, running currently at $1.75 each. Put three tacos together, you pick the meats inside and that will run you five dollars. But really, and most surprisingly, tacos here are healthy and light. If you exclude the campechano, which has pork rinds, and the steak, which is pan fried, all tacos are made with roasted meats. And if you consider that these tacos have no cheese or sour cream, then they certainly are healthier than any fast food joint. As far as the tortilla, I don't know if they are low carb, high fiber, but they are less fattening than any buttered buns, for sure. The location of Carnitas is somewhat questionable, but I am sure that the owners were not thinking of catering to people from all over South Florida. This restaurant is not on a busy street, it is off the beaten path actually. People who patronize this establishment are the neighbors, office workers and people looking for authentic tacos. No tourists come here, although a lot of people here speak a different language, and most carry cash only, no credit cards. So, why did the taco crossed the road? The answer is just complicated but the tacos are still delicious, the service is outstanding, and the taqueria is just cozy and exotic enough to make it the next bookmark on your profile.
How Eat Like A Local has allowed me to explore a city I thought I knew in and out! I have passed Con Sabor A Mex..........(lets call it Con Sabor for the sake of characters typed) and have never thought twice about stopping in. If you see the reviews you know this is a MUST TRY if you are a Mexican food enthusiast. Now let me start by saying this place is traditional Mexican. No cheese on the tacos here. Tortilla, meat, amazing sauces, onions, cilantro and lime. That's it - but then again...that's all you need! I took a bite of the chicken tacos - Great! I ordered 2 Campechano which is pork with some rinds in there. - Delicious I had a steak - Awesome! Then...I got adventurous. Thanks to the great Yelpers that came out the the ELL I was convinced to try a lengua taco. Yea lengua means tongue. I was there. It wasn't that out of the norm. and I did it! And it was actually great. If you didn't know what it was you wouldn't be weird about it. It was tender, greatly seasoned and actually pretty good! The neighborhood is an experience all in its own. You are sitting outside on fold out tables. The Cuban lady across the street was talking (read screaming) out of her window at what I assumed was a friend. There's sketchy characters walking by, so its good for people watching, but don't stare too long as they could take it wrong...and shank you. A couple of hours after checking in my buddy - who is Mexican - went to check it out and told me it was the best Mexican he has had in Miami. Reminded him of home - that's always a good sign!
Kudos to the yelpers who reviewed this place, because of them I found a little ruby in an Azteca treasure chest. I truly believe if Huitzilopochtli descended from Tamoanchan to the earth, that he would love the tacos here. I love the whole working class " ethnic " feel of  this place. I never thought I would enjoy eating on fold tables, but I did. Though located in the middle of Little Havana, this little place took me on a mini vacation outside of the USA for about 30 minutes, This is a little place with outdoor seating and a indoor counter, they have a small non-english menu on the wall. They are loaded with Mexican sodas and my all time favorite Horchata! Luckily one of the young girls working there was fluent in english to help me with the menu. I initially wanted a burrito, but they didn't serve burritos, so I ordered 4 chicken taco's bit.ly/YHnp6h $1.75 each( I ordered 2 more after eating the first 4), a mandarin Jurrito, and when I left I bought a Horchata $2.00 to go. I was surprised when they brought out this large 6 condiment sauce serving station to my table bit.ly/ZzfZTN .  The station had 2 hot 2 mild sauces red and green and also onions and parsley. I really enjoyed customizing my own tacos, it makes all the difference in the world to be able to put exactly what you want and how much of what you want on your tacos. The tacos were flavorful, fresh and appetizing, I enjoyed them so much I ordered two more. I was about to pay my bill and leave, when my eyes caught sight of a milky white liquid in a commercial juice dispenser behind  my lovely server. My heart started to race as I could feel this was the elusive drink I loved, but I knew not its name.The last time my palate and tongue graced this drink was in 1993 in the north side of Chicago at an authentic Mexican restaurant. My lovely server saw my great interest in the drink and asked me if I wanted to try a sample, obviously I obliged. It was defenitely the elusive sweet spicy drink, I was  relieved and extremely elated, she educated me on the name of the drink,  "Horchata". I bought one cup of it to go, so I could drink the toe curling elixir later in the evening.     Everyone who worked here was super friendly full of smiles, even the patrons who were eating there were super friendly and helpful. I was very surprised I really did not expect this kind of experience. You really cannot judge a book by the cover. Some of the patrons there were even asking me how my food was. Truly a warm cultural and culinary experience. Mexico has world leading eco-tourism resorts, beautiful picturesque land and beaches, miraculous pyramids and rich culture, yet I have never thought about visiting Mexico before. But I am now, that little working class taco shop convinced me to. ~~The End~~   NOTES - they only take cash.
If you're a brave food adventurer, willing to eat the usually disregarded parts of various animals, you will be rewarded in your journey to Calle Ocho. The menu is simple, and these guys don't play around with any sides. Those are for pansies in this world. Don't expect guacamole or any of that "nonsense" here. Choose your own adventure tacos for $1.75 each: Pig skin, oreja (pig ear), lengua (cow tongue), pork stomach, tripas (tripe), mixed, or plain ol' beef. This place is obviously not for the weak of stomach. If you're as brave a food adventurer as you think, they will taste great. If you think about it too much, you won't have a great time. Have fun with it, add sauces and toppings that they place on your table and go to town. Protip: Finish it all off with an ice cold Horchata.
Great food! Affordable price... Tried the beef and chicken tacos and they hit the spot! Love the condiments tray! My baby loved the rice milk drink, had a sweet cinnamon finish... And the mango ice cream was great as well. CASH ONLY
Confirmed. These are the best tacos in all of Miami. This place is easily missed....kind of like the tacos when you look down at your empty basket and realize your meal is done. After reading amazing review after amazing review, a friend of mine and I decided to make the short distance drive down Calle Ocho and try these bad boys. I totally went with the intention of having something other than the standard dog meat taco from taco bell. I ordered the Lengua taco, the Oreja taco, and the Maciza. Yes....for you Americanos that translates to tongue, ear, and leg. This pretty much reaffirms what I've always known...that if it comes from a pig...it's probably tasty. The Oreja taco was my absolute favorite! And those corn tortillas.....yummmmmmmm. Beware of the two hot sauces. My friend who will pretty much seek out the spiciest menu item at most restaurants had a little difficulty with the heat of the sauces. The other Mild green sauce, in the words of our lovely waitress, "no pica por nada" but it sure as hell is tasty. As for the pricing, we got 8 tacos, a jarrito and a mexican coke for $18. Quite the bargain.
I'd hate to be the one to break the perfect score for this business, but.... I've had the pleasure of dining in this tiny establishment a few times now and there are so many great things about this place (not to mention the heart and soul that the proprietors have put into it) that I will continue to come back. The tacos are small and tasty.  They have variety that is both authentic and at times, strange.  I love the tongue tacos and the beef tacos.  The chicken and pork can be a bit dry, so I have learned to stay away from those.  Parking can be a challenge and the place is too small to bring a large enough group to.  Plus, being outdoors, has its limitations in Miami, as you tend to get toasted and sweaty on a hot/humid day. An excellent restaurant which will satisfy even the most astringent taco enthusiasts.
The nice woman, clearly an owner, help me navigate the choices. "Pork is our specialty. We have beef and chicken only for those who won't eat pork". Specialty it is, with tacos made of all kind of pig bits: ear, tongue, tripe, skin, leg. It opted for 3: ear, tongue, and a leg/skin combo. The tacos come with a big tray of salsas, onion and cilantro. The ear was tasty. I love pig skin, and ear has a skin flavor. It was not chewy at all, but a bit fatty. Rich, order no more than one of these. The tongue was tasty with a mild offal flavor; I liked it and would reorder. Leg and skin is a match made in heaven and needs no more to be said. Great little stand with some seating. Really cheap ($5 for 3) and worth the trip.
Has got to be one of the best hole in the wall spots in Miami Very attentive staff Owner is cooking right in front of you Authentic as it gets Best  I've had in a long time Amazing
This place is great! Dive style but that adds to the charm.   The tacos are great and cheap.  They have a pork everything taco that is amazing.  The steak taco is made with slow cooked braised beef... So good. Sauces on your table... And friendly happy workers.  I just loved this place!  Oh yeah, hortchata... So good!
3.5 stars Tacos are fine. Salsas are great. We have eaten here twice, once staying and once taking out.  I'd rather eat there as I like to use unlimited salsa, onion, cilantro, etc. Didn't get enough for my taste with our take-out order. Not inexpensive at $2 per tiny taco.  I could eat ten of the little things and I'm five foot four 120 pounds.  Do the math.  Take-out is $15 a pound.  I do however, enjoy that they are light and not covered in melted cheese and sour cream. Eat here, on the street at own risk. A bit scary at 5:45PM dinner time with heavy traffic whizzing by honking and swerving.  I don't trust Miami drivers enough to eat with my family on the side of a busy road, and the exhaust is less than appetizing.
Im a huge fan of mexican food. ANY type, yes, even fake american mexican. But this is not a FAKE american mexican restaurant. The food here is as authentic as it gets, and by food I mean tacos. I dont think they serve anything else. I had the chicken tacos, and the steak tacos and both were AMAZING! The service was great, and the prices are super afforable. I cant wait to go back!!
There is nothing fancy about this place, 5 tables outside by street side, so you are expose to the noise, non stop car & their horn & lots of flies around the tables. So lets talk about what matters; food was outstanding, best tacos ever!! Again, nothing fancy, just a corn tortilla with meat, that's it! They bring the fixings to your table, so you choose what to put on your tacos. We ordered plenty of tacos; 6 chicken, 2 pork & 2 steak. They were amazing. The only reason I don't give this place a 5 star will be due to the service; it was not terrible, but our waitress looked like she was overwhelmed with just 4 tables. She wasn't rude, however she didn't want to be there today. Perhaps just a bad day. I will return; food was outstanding.
Great variety of taco meats and pretty affordable ($2-$3). Be ready to bring CASH and share with others. Yes, You will see ppl asking for the sauces (maybe there is not enough) This is a very small place, good for a quick grab and go night. You could easily consume 5 tacos by yourself. The lady in charge was friendly and nice.
Prior to discovering this gem on Yelp, my favorite place for tacos was a tie between El Carnal 2 and that taco place by Cocowalk. Now that I've tasted the creations that Andres and his staff throw together, there's no going back. The meat on the tacos here is so amazingly tender and flavorful that it falls apart in your mouth. There are a total of 9 or 10 types of tacos, spanning different parts of the pig or cow. My personal favorites are the campechano (pulled pork with crispy pork rinds), oreja (pig ear), buche (pig stomach), and surtida (all of the pig options put together). If some of that sounds a bit too adventurous for you, they also offer standard chicken, steak, and pork leg options which are also delicious. They also bring out out a huge box filled with different salsas, cilantro, onions, and a plate of fresh cut limes to perfectly pair with your unforgettable tacos. As far as tacos go, this is the best I've ever had in my life (and also one of the least expensive - tacos are about $1.50 a pop). For a glutton like me, that's saying a lot. If you haven't tried it yet, go as soon as you get the chance. You will not regret it.
Ooh it's a great little place. I think it IS a bit overhyped, but for the price, you get what you get. Stop by for a snack!
VERY good authentic Mexican tacos. It's a hole in the wall and very cheap. FYI - Cash only!! (there's an ATM right by the place just in case). I am not too fond of pork, and its their specialty but the Campechano tacos were very tasty and crunchy for me they were the best!
An absolute gem in the middle of little havana. good authentic mexican food is hard to come by in Miami. granted, they only sell tacos, but authentic nonetheless. The location is small, simple and humble. Their menu as well. mostly pig parts like tripe, tongue, skin etc..and your choice of steak or chicken. food is fresh and of course delicious!  Allow me to recommend tripa tacos. they are out of this world! Also, they always provide you with 2 types of hot sauces in the containers, which are good but if you want an extra kick, ask for their Habanero sauce. they keep it seperately in a bottle. FIRE!   Tacos are $1.75 each, with tripa tacos the lone exception at $2.00. Only bring cash. Credit or Debit cards not accepted. Im so lucky to have this place nearby. best taqueria in town!
All these five star reviews you see are 100% spot on. I had been trying to find the best tacos in Miami for a while(not an easy task). After trying numerous other places that had been recommended I was feeling quite underwhelmed. Then I decided to come here. I have no idea why I didn't try this place sooner!! Listen, if you want AUTHENTIC Mexican style tacos don't bother looking anywhere else, just come here! They have several options but I only tried the steak. They were awesome. The meat was cooked perfectly and they were served in warm and fresh corn tortillas. At the table you can add your own onions, cilantro, and either red or green hot sauce. The service is quick, the owners are super friendly, and best of all this place is cheap. I had 5 tacos and a horchata to drink and my total came out to around $11 or so. I've been to Mexico numerous times and these tacos are just as good. No need to contemplate anything, just come here ready to eat. You won't regret it.
Coming from Los Angeles and having a lot of experience with deliciously made tacos, this place by far is the closest thing to authentic Mexican tacos. The service is swell as well as the taste that still lingers on your taste buds when you finish your tacos.
Before he was laid-off, Andrés, a foreman that was negatively impacted by the economic downturn, used to bring food as his contribution to family functions. With bills piling up and no market for his skills, his loved ones encouraged him to bet everything he had on a taco...or rather ten of them. Now he owns a small, no frills eatery that does one thing and does it with Southwest Mexican swagger. These are his offerings --   Basic: If you're not ready to jump in the deep-end start with these. Bistek/Steak is lightly seasoned then grilled. Campechano/Pulled pork is tossed with crunchy pork rinds. Maciza/Pork leg that all locals order at least one of Pollo/Chicken never had it but with all the attention paid to the others, must be perfect. Advanced: Just like if you went poking around your parent's bedroom, you might find something you don't like. The offal section of the menu is anything but awful and will satisfy more mature palates.   Buche/Pig stomach is Andres' favorite and is full of irregular pieces but also the most savory. Cuerito/Braised pork skin is shiny, gelatinous and saucier than the rest. Lengua/Tongue that chews like pork, tastes like beef squared. Oreja/Pig ear is fatty, chewy with a milder pork flavor.   Surtida/MIxed is essentially putting the whole pig through a grinder. Tripa/tripe has the texture of calamari, yet absorbs what its cooked in. You can purchase any of the above by the pound ($14) or half pound ($7) and includes tortillas and all the fixins. Condiments: there's only cilantro, chopped onions and sauce, which will have some customers saying 'dassit?' faster than this guy -- youtube.com/watch?v=MPct… As Patty, the server and owner's niece, once pointed out -- "If the meat is bad it can't hide under cheese, sour cream or guacamole...you'll know." Spice up your taco with tomatillo based salsa verde (mild or hot), Serrano-based salsa roja (mild or hot), Habanero sauce (hot) or commercially produced picante like Cholula (medium) and Tapatío (medium). Beverages: Horchata (cinnamon-flavored rice milk), Jarritos (assorted soft drinks from Guadalajara), Mexican Coke (made with real sugar), Sangria Senorial (non-alcoholic soda) or Zephyrhills (Florida's finest tap water). If you went bonkers in this place and ordered the whole menu you could feed 3 people for 20 bucks (tax + 15% tip included) and it better be cash as they don't accept plastic. Like Jean-Claude Camille François van Varenberg had to shorten his name to Jean-Claude van Damme, I had to shorten it's name to Carnitas Michoacán. Whatever you call it, give it a chance and you'll never bother trekking north to Davie or South to Homestead for 'real Mexican' again.
I'm upping the rating for this place. This is an authentic taqueria that sells just that - tacos. Nothing more - you're not going to find nacho chips, burritos, or anything like that. Just pure straight-up tacos. And there's no place in Miami more authentic than this taco stand - not even all the Mexican places in Calle Ocho can compare. Because of the types of tacos they serve, it is an instant stand-out. TACOS: cuerito (pig skin), buche (pork stomach), oreja (pig ear), mazica (pork), lengua (cow tongue), tripas (tripe), bisteck (beef), and surtido (mixed). Once you order, you'll be able to see and hear the *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK* that comes with the guy behind the counter cutting the fillings with an oversized butcher knife. It's free entertainment and definitely makes me feel like I'm not in Miami anymore but in some roadside taco stand in Mexico (and I haven't been to Mexico yet). :) You can add cilantro, diced onions to the tacos as well as four sauces (two not spicy, two spicy (of jalapeno & of chile del arbol), and one spicier (of habanero). I recommend this place to try out these yummy and adventurous tacos, and get a taste of Michoacan! Oh, and the tacos are $1.75 each. Note: Street parking is free after 6 pm. The open-air establishment is open until 10 pm.
Very tasty, cheap tacos near Little Havanna.  You can get your standard chicken, beef or pork tacos, or you can be adventurous with pork tongue and beef tripe tacos.  Probably the first time in my life I've thought tripe was delicious.  They also give you a bunch of salsas and toppings to dress up your tacos how you want.  I will definitely go back!
These people do not mess around with their tacos. This is what Viva Mexico and its 10 aliases are all about. Looking for a quick lunch that won't break your wallet? This is the go-to place where gimmicks like "fresh ingredients" and "made to order" don't have to be trumpeted, because upon the first bite you can taste the real deal (Holyfield).
Great tacos. I often order take-outs and eat it home while watching TV or movies. The place is clean and nice. The presentation is nice as well when you are eating there. The staff were nice too. A great place to get some good tacos.
Viva Mexico? What the what? I thought this was Con Sabor Plus Fifty Other Names. Hmm. In any case, believe what you've heard/read: this small joint in Little Havana brings the authentic to the streets of Miami. Not pretentious in the least, you're guaranteed a satisfying meal that should jolt you out of your comfort zone. It wasn't the transformative experience that others speak of (check out the street food scene in Chicago and Los Angeles) but it is very very good. To begin with, don't come here looking for chalupas, enchiladas, anything from the Taco Bell menu (especially those Doritos monstrosities), or a burrito as big as your head. At Con Sabor (the Viva Mexico name is not gonna do it for me), it's all about tacos all the time. Here, you'll enjoy all sorts/parts of pig you may not have had before: tongue, tripe, ear, leg, etc. These are not artisinal pork belly tacos... and that's a good thing. About as daring as I got was the pork leg taco but I loaded that bad boy up with chicharrones. I loved the crunch and the taste. After you've ordered (in Spanish) and received your tacos, load up on toppings and sauce. Again, don't expect tomatoes, guac and sour cream. You'll be disappointed. Go authentic with onions and cilantro. Make sure you order, at least, four tacos. That way you can try every sauce. Pair this feast up with a jarrito (naranja or pina, ftw) and prepare to show off as a baller on a budget. You won't break the bank but you might bust your gut and eat too much. With all the tacos coming from the same animal, the overall taste profile can be a little one note however, at the end of the day, you paid about $8 for four tacos. Perspective.
This place is authentic, whatever Ive had before of tacos in Miami don't even compare to these. Its outrageous and this mexican girl is blown away and I woke up craving a Taco de Cueritos!! They also sell the tacos by the pound, around $14 a pound of any of the meats and the order comes with tortillas, limes, and salsas. Basically its a Mexican hole straight from Mexico. Thank you for popping up on my yelp and making me so happy!!!
Craving for some Water Tasting Taquitos!? No Need to cross the Border down to Homestead anymore LOL.... They are Right Here in Miami at the CORNER of SW 12 AVE and 6th Street... It's a Hole in the Wall but a "FRIENDLY" Lil Place(can't wait for them to EXPAND!--Wayyy Overdue!) OH! And did I mention how  CHEEP and QUICK they are served...That's Right!....  Go Early cause they get packet  for Lunch Time. This is a TACO Place "ONLY" --- No Rice or Beans served here Just Plain All GLORIFIED TACOS!!...but on certain days they do offer something different  LIKE Info not mentioned in their Menu --On Friday's ONLY  they  have the CHICHARON con Salsa Verde (green tomato sauce) which normally they don't offer it any other day of the week.  And on Sundays they sell Mexican Tamales. OH! And did I mention how  CHEEP and QUICK they get served...That's Right!....  Ohh That's Right I Did !  Hee-Heee .. EJOY!
Great food and service, very clean. Would be a 5 start If they served beer but you can just cross the street buy it from the local market and bring it with you. Would definitely come back.
I found this place because a certain other taco place on 8st ::cough, cough, el carnal 2, cough:: was closed for vacation(?). Supposedly that place is the best taco place in Miami and had I not found Con Sabor, I would have wholeheartedly agreed. But alas, I was shown the light and Con Sabor does not disappoint. When you first arrive you'll swear you're at the wrong spot. You'll tell yourself that this hole in the wall can't be the best taco in Miami. But trust me, it is. You might not recognize many things on the menu, and that's ok. The staff there are always happy to answer any questions that you may have. Tongue taco you say? Ear? Really?! ... Really. And as strange and odd as it may all sound don't let your inhibitions stop you. Their "Lengua" has to be my favorite with their "Oreja" being my second favorite, but I really haven't had them all yet. Tacos are made fresh to order and are served in a delicious corn tortilla. They are brought to your table along with this salsa/onion/cilantro bar. It's a kind of serving device that has about 4 different types of salsas with different degrees of heat, some red, some green, some like pure liquid, others a bit chunkier. It doesn't really matter, just go to town on the thing. One thing that is important to note, Con Sabor does not have a liquor license. They sell water and soda but if alcohol is what you seek, then be sure to bring your own. And no worries, the owners are totally fine with that and will even provide you with some cups if needed. Con Sabor is perfect for lunch, dinner, a 'late night snack' or a post 'oh i drank too much alcohol at that party/club I need something to eat before I pass out from alcohol poisoning'. Whichever you choose, this place is a definite must try!
THIS PLACE IS FOR BRAVE FOODIES WHO ARE NOT AFRAID TO TRY After being in miami for months removed since my last trip to mexico, I have been dying to get back that old delicious meal I so desire. This place has it! I am not a person to shy away from strange foods, this place has a few. I personally enjoyed, the   Oreja or Ear in english, pig ear. AMAZING, also the surtido which is a mix of meats. This place really reminded me of a taco stand in mexico, and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, just like in mexico. TRY THIS PLACE, TRY EVERYTHING  each taco is 1.75, I had 11 my first time
The most authentic taco place in Miami, FL and the Homestead area. Do not order mexican salsa (as I overheard another customer try to order). They are authentic, just meat, tortilla, and green or red sauce. Do not try this place if you are looking for 'americanized' mexican food, this is the real thing.
OMG I'm so happy we chose to have lunch here! These are some of the best tacos I've ever had! And I've had quite a bit. We had just gotten into Miami and were waiting for check-in time so we decided to grab a quick and inexpensive lunch. We checked Yelp and this place came out on the top of the list so off we went. It's a tiny little shop and you wouldn't think much of the place but have a seat at the tiny counter or at one of the few available tables and you'll change your mind. We ordered a handful of different tacos. The lengua, pork leg and skin, and the pig ears were all delicious. But the beef tripe knocked our socks off! Seriously. Each taco we had was made fresh and the ingredients were all well flavored but the tripe, oh gosh, it was so good that we ordered another round. So good that we wanted to come back the next day. In fact, I'm writing about it and my mouth is watering! I'm so coming back next time I'm down in Miami again. If you order only one thing at this place it has to be the tripe! On top of the deliciousness, this place is so cheap it's awesome! We had 2 horchatas and 7 tacos between the 2 of us and it was only $17! Can't beat that!
This place is super authentic and good but just don't let a funny-guy of a friend order for you. Before you know it, you'll be chewing on some Lengua and your taste buds will be all over those taste buds.... Funny guys aside, the Tacos are simple- a tortilla with a proper portion of meat- then you add your sauces and condiments to taste. I recommend getting 3 or 4 tacos and an horchata- rice and spice and everything nice.  It's also cash only so don't forget your greenbacks. About 10 bucks will cover it. Get you some!
Five stars for what it is: A (literal) hole in the wall that servers AMAZING tacos. It's just a tiny place off the street, with outdoor seating.  Service was attentive and friendly for our party of 6 guys looking to get a bite.  She helped us out and (for once) actually recommended a serving size (since its by the pound for non-individual tacos) that served us all perfectly with no leftovers and no one left hungry. We ordered 2.5 pounds of the mixed pork (can't remember their name for it) and it came out along with a nice assortment of salsas and fixings.  Fresh, hot soft tortillas came with it as well.  We all absolutely devoured this food.  For "simple" tacos, I cannot say enough about how tasty it was.  The pork was cooked perfectly, juicy and smoky, and flavored to perfection.  All of the fixins and salsas were delicious as well, especially the hot red and the hot green salsas. AND THE PRICE is amazing.  6 guys filled to the brim, and we each got a fruit soda, came to about $8.50 a person not including the tip we left.  You'd be hard pressed to get out of Taco Bell for less, and certainly wouldn't be as satisfied. Cannot wait until I visit Miami again to go back and take more people.  THANK YOU to Con Sabor and thank you to the Yelpers who pointed us in the right direction.
I have to say that these tacos are great! Unfortunately not all the menu is A+ and the disadvantage of not being able to pay with card, having to eat outside with the sun does not give them the perfect grade. Michoacan state is very famous in Mexico to have the best  "Carnitas" in the country and these guys know the recipe as good as if they lived there. Pork based tacos are A+++++, but then the chicken and beef are not so great. The horchata is very sweet, so you can easily tell that is prepared from a syrup. I have to give these guys an extra recognition because they prepare everything there, even the tortillas (notice the difference from the frozen ones you get in almost all the mexican restaurants?), they are very kind and service oriented. After living many years in Mexico, I can tell you that this is the most authentic you will find in the whole Miami - Ft.Lauderdale metro area regarding tacos.
Ready to eat some real Mexican food? Atmosphere: hole-in-the-wall, family-owned, and welcoming. Taste: Try the 'horchata', a sweet rice drink or my favorite - tamarindo soda.  I will say this is definitely for the adventurous but here's a tip - the 'lengua' tongue is very similar to a texture of meat you would expect.  Delicious!  The 'oreja' (ear) and 'cuerito' (skin)  have a soft gelatinous texture so if you need a balance, try a combination instead like the 'surtida' or 'cuerito' with 'lengua'. Price:  Very reasonable.  It's just tacos at $1.75 each.   Customer Service: Owner was really kind, and welcoming.  Food came out fast.   Overall:  Authentic tacos, homemade taste, great value!  Definitely a place to come back to.
Just because a taco is made with pork, doesn't mean it's "carnitas estilo Michoacan"(nor al pastor). I've been to Mexico many times, and visited Michoacan many times. I've had the real "carnitas estilo Michoacan" in different parts of Mexio and they are pretty much consistent. The ones from Viva Mexico! are in no way close to that. I was very disappointed. Obviously, people from Miami do not know the real pleasure of eating REAL carnitas estilo Michoacan, so ignorance is bliss. The restaurant's advertising on New Times and on their business cards is misleading. The tortillas used for the tacos were delicious. That's about the only thing they have that's authentically Mexican.
First things first, this place should be pictured next to "hole in the wall" for the definition of the term in the dictionary. Initially I was disappointed that they only served tacos, but with their speedy service they quickly turned my frown upside down. The tacos are great and I'm sure they are FedExed here from Matamorros daily because it was very authentic. Be prepared to deal with the regular madness of Little Havana since you are basically eating on the sidewalk.
FINALLY! Real Mexican tacos! I'm from California and street tacos are, simply, my soul food. Give me chopped meat in a small corn tortilla and I'm a happy girl. I have not found these types of tacos in the three years I've lived in Miami and I had all but given up hope, but found reviews for this place on none other than Yelp and finally gave it a go. This place is amazing. Simple, very casual, and no frills. They don't serve chips, guacamole, burritos, or any other nonsense. All they make is tacos and they do it very well. They have chicken, steak, tongue and a number of pork-based variations including chiccharone, ear, and one or two others. They serve jarritos soda and Horchata. Next time I'm bringing some beer or margaritas from home, those would make it a perfect weekend lunch. They also give each table their own "salsa bar" with about 4 types of homemade salsa, chopped onions and chopped cilantro so you can season the tacos as you wish. This is fantastic not only because I could mix salsas to my liking and add a few spoonfuls bite by bite, but I'm not a fan of raw onions and a lot of places serve theirs with onions or pico de gallo already on the tacos and it's hard to pick out (I'm talking to you Mercadito!) Seriously I've had street tacos in Baja, Tijuana, Puerto Vallarta and Mexico City and these are as authentic as they get. I had 5 tacos and 2 glasses of horchata for $12.75. I almost cried with joy when paying the bill and tipped $5. I still got out of there for under $20! The owners and staff are very friendly and welcoming. I get by fine on my Spanish but once I asked a question in English they switched to perfect English and I didn't feel out of place at all. So for any fellow gringos who may be wary, don't be. Best part, Calle Ocho is a short stroll away, top off your visit here with an ice cream from Azucar.
Solid taco place in Little Havana. $2 per taco. They had a variety of different pork tacos, beef and chicken. There salsa is excellent with one of them being very spicy, which is the way I like it.
I have been looking for a genuine, tasty, Mexican place in Miami for far too long! This place hit the spot. I originally came here with a group of friends to see exactly what "the best tacos in Miami" were made out of. These were in fact, the best tacos in Miami. The menu is simple, you pick a meat, and you get a small, soft-serve taco, with that meat. For $1.75 (at least for the beef one). Then, you're given a tray of sauces and onions. Simple? yes. Delicious? absolutely. First I had a taco with no sauce. Good. Then a taco with some mild sauce. Better. Then a taco with spicy sauce. Incredible. Before I knew it, I was mixing sauces and meats. These tacos, although, simple, do in fact have a lot of variety and they were authentic and great tasting. I'd definitely come back. Keep in mind, this restaurant is, in the truest sense of the word, a hole in the wall. Do not come expecting a fancy atmosphere, waiter service, and even easy parking. This restaurant is as casual as it gets. Also a fair warning, this establishment does not take credit cards. Cash only. Definitely try it out if you haven't, it's an experience not worth missing!
Great tacos and salsa. I stopped by for a quick light lunch and it hit the spot. You can even order the cooked meat by the pound to take home with the corn tortillas y salsas. Very friendly staff. If you're looking for burritos, hard shell tacos, or other Mexican food you won't find that here. Just some good Taqueria tacos. I stuck with the basics: pollo, bistek, and cuerito. I wasn't in an exotic mood to eat the pig ears but I think I'll try them next time. By the way, they don't take credit cards so be sure to bring cash!!
The tacos are small but so yummy and authentic.  The beef tacos are excellent but the chicken surprised me.  All tacos are made from shredded meat not ground.  All ingredients are fresh.  This is one of those great local eats that tourists would not normally find.
Is a really good place if u want to have a quick bite to eat. Be ware the only serve tacos (chicken, pork, meat). Don't expect anything else.
First of all I am Mexican so when it comes to tacos I know what I'm talking about. This little hole in the wall is great! They keep the menu honest, delicious and simple as it should be. By keeping the menu selection small it really allows them to pay close attention to the quality of the ingredients and they keep the cooking very authentic. Whenever you want to spot a good authentic Mexican restaurant try the salsas first, they will tell you everything you need to know about the "sazón" of the restaurant and the salsas at this restaurant are great. The staff is very friendly and so is the owner, they make you feel right at home!
Simple, clean, fresh, cheap. Service was warm and attentive. 6 chicken, 2 beef tacos plus two sodas & two waters = $19 Beef was very juicy, chicken was very dry. We ate every bite...but, while it was a very nice try and we enjoyed having our Mother's Day dinner there, we probably won't be back. We will stick with Taco Rico on US1 South Coral Gables for our taco & fresh salsa fixes.  Don't get me wrong-- very nice fresh salsas at Con Sabor, but a bit bland for us.
I'm 100% Mexican and was born in Guadalajara, Mexico.  I've eaten tacos in almost every state of the US. I'm not exaggerating when I say these are the best tacos of tripas I've ever had. They really are ridonkulously delicious!
This place is great. Awesome tacos. Awesome flavor. Great staff. A real hole in the wall. Just tacos and beverages. The only thing is that the temperature of the food is just warm. I forgive them though because the food is awesome.
This place is incredible. I came here after reading the other excellent yelp reviews and was not disappointed at all. I tried three tacos, the Surtida (mixed meat), Oreja (pig ear), and combined the Macisa and Cueritos (pork and skin) after the owner recommended it. I was blown away by the flavors. I will never eat a taco anywhere else again! Unless I'm in Mexico. I was worried about finding parking but had no problem with metered parking right in front. Ordered six tacos and two drinks for around $12. Can't wait to go back!
Best tacos in Miami. No question about it. The closest to an original Mexican taco you will get in So Fla
Best tacos ever!! They are "simple", but the flavors are ON IT! Don't think I'll even bother trying others when they bring lots if guac and lemons like it should be. So happy :)
Just go!  You won't be sorry.  This family-owned taco stand delivers deliciously seasoned fresh meat tacos.  Plus, you can't beat these prices at $1.75 a pop.  I love the bistek (carne/meat), maciza (puerco/pork) and pollo (chicken) tacos.  They bring you the fixings to do the honors and throw on as much of the fresh homemade salsas, onions, cilantro, and lime as you'd like.  You will love it and be back for more.  They are simple and very savory, not at all oily.  There's no cheese or sour cream or lettuce so the tacos are light and super tasty. Parking: I have consistently found it easy to park right in front at meters or around the corner. Note: This place is CASH ONLY.  But come on, at these prices, you and your friend can get 6 tacos and 2 drinks, leave a tip, and still get change for your $20. P.S. you're coming for the tacos and so just know that they don't have other taco-truck additions like chips, quesadillas, burritos, etc.  Just fantastic tacos at unbeatable prices.   P.P.S. thank you to fellow yelpers for putting this place on the map and on my radar.  Seems word is really catching on.  Last time I spoke to one of the owners she was telling me that they don't even have a website but they have gotten all of this great press and customers from people who found them and wrote reviews on yelp.   Even if you don't speak a word of Spanish, don't be deterred, the staff is friendly and speak both English and Spanish. Tacos muy ricos y sabrosos, solo $1.75 cada uno.  No vas a repentir!
The price is great, $2 per taco. The staff is very attentive and sweet. The tacos were ok, not my fave but not bad for the price.
so this is the little hole in the wall you wish were open 24/7 to get someone who doesn't find pig ear or crunchy intestines appealing to finally say "wow, i can eat this every week!" its cheap, its simple, delicious and you won't feel like the only tub of lard  that unbuckles his or her pants at the end.. that quiet family, the douchey cubanaso and and that yellow eyed shady  guy that you've been having a stare down while shoveling the cilantro and home made salsas onto your little rolled up nests of meat love also inhaled 16 tacos and are wobbling over to their car. its that good.
Lived in Southwest my whole life and been throughout Mexico many times, easily the most authentic tacos I've had in Miami IMHO. The key is their simple construction and genuine preparation of the meats just like any taco stand in Mexico, with basic condiments. The only thing I  wish they had was an avocado salsa or guacamole.
In-freaking-credible. Taco surtido. Taco de chicharron. No joke. Best in my life at this whole in the wall gem.
Review from an unilingual American tourist: For starters, don't worry about the lack of English around the place.  We walked in ready to use my HS Spanish skills for the tacos (sorry, don't live in FL, so I'm not used to it), but the waitress recognized the language barrier and brought in a English speaker.  Even without him, you can do just fine with some basic Spanish speaking skills.  (A few other reviews have the translated tacos, like Bistek=Steak, Pollo=Chicken, Surtida=Combo Pork, etc.  The first 7 or so on the menu are various parts of a pig.) Note that these are authentic Mexican tacos, with a simpler, cleaner taste.  As much as I love cheese and sour cream on a taco, that's not what they do here.  What you do get is meat on a homemade tortilla, but they also bring a salsa bar with: A lime slice per taco (I recommend using the whole slice for each) Cilantro Onions Hot/mild green/red sauce (hot sauce isn't nuclear, but you can ask for habanero sauce if you're daring) Tacos are less than $2, but smallish, so something like five is a good amount to order.  They also have authentic Mexican sodas here, including real sugar Coke. Don't be afraid of the pork combinations.  They taste great.  I had a couple of Surtida tacos and the crunch adds an extra later of goodness.  We ended up getting carry out just to bring some tacos to the hotel with us.
Drove clear down from coconut creek based on all the reviews....was totally worth it.  Delicious, authentic, inexpensive and very nice people.  If you want delicious authentic tacos, c'mon down.   It's a walk up, eat outside place - nothing special but very tasty.
I came here for the chilaquiles, which were about average for chilaquiles, and later ate a tostada, which was delicious, and a cheese enchilada, which was just fine. Service was adequate, the atmosphere is nice, and so I might go back if I was in the area. I was told that the beans were made with vegetable oil, so hopefully this spot's good for Mexican vegetarian fare.
Amazing little gem. It doesn't get more authentic than this little place. They only have tacos take cash only and don't have many tables. But god they can make amazing tacos.
Cheap tasty tacos, what more can you ask for! I particularly liked the "mixed" taco which included tripe, tongue, and all those weird parts of the animal. It had a pan fried delicious crunchiness to it. The waitress was friendly although I don't know if she speaks English as I just spoke to her in Spanish. The only downside is that you have to do street parking and per the waitress, that tempting open lot around the corner is for the business next door not for this place.
true tacos, thats what you get here. tacos de lengua, for example. yeah, youre right. lengua means tongue. what does that taste like? you dont have to ask andrew zimmern or neither of his two body guards. find out yourself at carnitas! it tastes like roasted pork straight out of la caja china, bro. con sabor a mexico carnitas estilo michoacan. such a long name but i think that was done on purpose so hipster kids will never go here, which is a very noble reason... to name your establishment something only native spanish speakers can pronounce. sorry hipster kids of miami-dade. this is what happens when all the spanish you ever learned comes from gloria estefan and the miami sound machine. now youre practically monolingual, hate your grandma and wear skinny jeans. youre fucked, kid. service at carnitas estilo michoacan is also monolingual. are you surprised? keep going to taco bell then, get your crunchy doritos-taco-pistolero-loco with extra sour cream too, cause you suck. tacos at carnitas are served on corn tortillas and thats it. chopped onions, cilantro, lime and sauces will be on your table or at the counter. wherever you choose to sit. cash only.
This place was a pleasant revelation. We pulled up near the address and parked around the corner (metered parking). As we walked up, it became clear how small, but welcoming the space was. Our waitress was polite, attentive, and very willing to share her keen knowledge of the menu. I highly recommend the surtido. Beware of the hot sauces though, they're not meant for the weak palates possessed by some of us "mere mortals".
Corn tortillas - check. Homemade green and red, hot salsa - check. People cooking who know Mexican food in Miami - priceless. Good stuff - no frills, just great tacos (we had 8!). Oh and agua de tamarindo. Yum. Go!
Authentic taco shop in the heart of Little Havana. The Surtida taco lets me know I'm in the right place: ear, tongue, leg skin, stomach mix. Quick, cheap , and authentic as far as I know. Walk the streets of Little Havana, play dominoes at a cigar shop and break here for lunch. Andres owns the place and comes from Cuernavaca, Mexico. His favorite is the tripe.
Great food.  Cheap, fresh, authentic. I just wish they had more tables and accepted credit cards. The decor is a bit lacking.
Very cheap and tasty food. Great, fast and friendly service. I cannot wait to go back for more!
Came here because of the good reviews hoping for some authentic Mexican food and it couldn't have gone better. When ordering, I had the pleasure of speaking with the owner who gave me his personal recommendations based on what I like to eat. The rest of the staff was equally accommodating. I have ordered almost everything on the menu and my favorites are the cuts you wouldn't normally think of like ear and tripe. Another thing that I love about this place is the price.  Having lunch here with a friend will run you about $13 and everyone I've had food with here really enjoys it.  Had a great time and enjoyed the real flavor of Michoacan.
Not for the faint of heart. Be ready to try some off the wall proteins. Beware of the pig ears.
Finally!  A decent, authentic taco in Miami!  This place is incredible:  cheap, small, dingy, hidden...and the best damn tacos I have had outside of Chicago (and believe me, you can get some fantastic tacos in Chicago)! You know you're at an authentic taqueria when they only offer you fresh lime, onions, cilantro, and sauces on the side.  You're not going to get chees, guac, or crema; you're not going to get burritos or chimichangas.  It's tacos.  That's it.   We tried the carne asada, al pastor (think Mexican BBQ with pineapple), and lengua (tongue) tacos: they just kept getting better and better.  You have a choice of hot or mild red and tomatillo sauces-use them!  I have always been afaid of tongue-why did I wait so long?  The meat falls apart from the hours they braise it.   The corn tortillas are small and strong-there is no fear of them falling apart on you!  I had my tacos with horchata-a sweet rice-pudding like drink.  Served chilled over ice on a hot day with a spicy taco and I'm in Mexican heaven.  They also have jarritos, my favorite sodas!  Try the mandarin or tamarind.   I can't wait to go back:  next time I'm hitting the "carnitas" tacos...and maybe some more lengua!
Shame on me for not coming sooner....   Finally went and it did not disappoint.  This is the real deal.  It's nice to see we are getting some authentic diversification of Mexican food along Calle Ocho.  The atmosphere is homey and casual, as if you're in a pueblito in Michoacan.  Simple menu, piping hot food, and an assortment of jarritos to quench your thirst.  The Tacos de Campeche were the highlight -- chicharron mixed with carnitas -- que rico!  The tongue tacos were a close second -- tender and juicy.  The carne asada tacos are more rope vieja like -- but still tasty.  We had 9 tacos, 2 jarritos and with tip came out to $26!!!!  As a snack, late at nite, for a full meal, bring your appetite and your cash.  Provecho!
How can people give less than 5 stars for what it is, best tacos in Miami! Best Sauces in miami, habanero is literally pureed habanero, they are not scared to give you a natural mind blowing Hot Sauce. I love That!
The pig ear is amazing. They have very authentic Mexican food I think the owners got the recipes from family generations. The sauce for the tacos is unreal and the food is not greasy like allot of Mexican food. The beef and chicken is well done but the pork is unreal!!!
I kept hearing about this authentic Mexican spot.   I am so glad I finally went.   It truly reminded me of the authentic taco stands in Mexico.   Nothing fancy,  limited menu but if you just want a simple corn taco with pork.  This is the place.
Such a great find! Happened upon this during a viernes culturales walking tour. Yummy and cheap tacos
Best tacos in Miami hands down.  Chicken wasn't my favorite would probably stick with the pork and beef next time.  Pretty simple formula various cuts of meat, corn tortilla, and delicious salsa.  Therese are no frills authentic style tacos that melt in your mouth. Could easily eat a dozen of the little guys and wouldn't break the bank doing so.  Ordered 4 tacos and a mexican coke paid with a $10 and was handed change.  Bring cash as they don't accept card.
Only cash! Park in the back
For a quick, cheap, authentic and well made taco you just can't beat this place!
For a fast dinner (and cheap) this is the place to go. Very small with only a few tables and a countertop but always filled with friendly faces. The owners speak perfect Enlglish which helps when translating the menu.  They only serve tacos, very authentic, delicious tacos.  If you don't eat pork than you can order the chicken or steak but otherwise stick to their specialty PORK! They have all the different deliciously porky parts that we Americans generally shy away from. Skin, Ears, Tongue, Chorizo, Tripe... etc. You cannot go wrong. They have the best sauces I have found. Fresh and spicy as well as a selection of authentic Mexican products. A new favorite.
"Less is more"...is clearly the case here. Fresh salsas. Authentic onions and cliantro to add. Simple, tasty food is the best. Delicious Horchata. Good service. I felt like I was sitting at a Taqueria in D.F. Mexico, Juarez, or Tijiuana...
Authentic to Southern Mexico style of cooking. They are very delicious, but I prefer Northern Mexican cooking. Definitely the best tacos in Miami.
Excellent value for fresh food. Very friendly customer service. Taquitos are served with an assortment of sauces on the side. Try the hot sauce with pico de gallo, it's not as hot as you may think. It may help to know some Spanish, to get the most out of the menu. Chicken taquitos are great, order 2 at a time since they serve them fresh and hot.
Had the chicken and steak tacos. Pretty good, and very inexpensive. There really is no indoor seating, though.
Real Mexican style tacos....  Small menu but good.  Include salsa bar with awesome salsa from savory to mildly spicy and super spicy. Started going there 1 every month.
Not just "a taco place". Con Sabor a México is truly an authentic Carnitas place. That's what they offer -as it should be- and they do it right. They are awesome in flavor, not greasy as some others are, cooked to perfection; the staff is always friendly, food comes out fast. My bf and I usually order by pound - it's way cheaper than by piece (taco). Try half a pound of maciza, a quarter of cueritos and a quarter of bistec (traditionally, bistec is not sold in Carnitas places, but theirs is so good that it's a must). Make a taco with a mix of maciza and cueritos. Yum!
Best tacos in Miami....remains me of California,
At long last I was able to try this place after reading all the yelp reviews. The menu is not extensive by any means but Monica, the owner, will take the time to explain everything on it. She handles the customers and her husband is the chef. Monica is extremely friendly and also speaks very good English which is a little rare in Miami. :P If you want authentic Mexican tacos, this is your place. They take cash only and seating is all outdoors. You can also order tacos by the pound here which includes the tortillas and all the fixin's. I also recommend trying their habanero sauce for the all the fire seekers. I will definitely be stopping in for my taco fix whenever I'm in the area.
Great undercover spot!
WOW! If you are looking for authentic mexican tacos (AND ONLY TACOS, because thats all they have), then this is the place for you. Beef Tongue, Beef, chicken, and an assortment of other meats make this place just perfect. They do only one thing but that do that extraordinarily well. This is one of my new favorite restaurants in miami. With the tacos you get your own little sauce bar, which comes with 2 hot and 2 mild sauces, along with onions, cilantro and lime. Stack as much or as little as you like on the tacos. But if you are in the area, or even if you arent, stop by this place and you wont be disappointed.
Authentic, cheap, and delicious.  Tacos are 1.75 each.  They have all the nasty bits including tripe and lengua. you can add your own salsas(delicious) rojo y verde, onions and cilantro. Be adventurous and try something you have never had  you wont be dissapointed.
Excellent Mexican tacos, taste just like the original Mexican carnitas tacos.
this place is definitely not for everyone. that being said, all they sell are authentic mexican tacos that are typical of the michaocan region of the country. these are not gringo tacos. and what i mean by that is that there is no cheese, sour cream, or anything else to get in the way of the beautiful simplicity that these tacos possess. if you go in here and eat anything other than the various pork parts they offer, youre doing yourself a disservice. my favorite is the [pork - not beef] tongue, but id recommend trying everything out. ive had the cheek (cachete), the ear (oreja), the intestine (tripa) - and im telling you: its great! i highly suspect people that rate this place anything less than 4 stars are people who think taco bell or chipotle when they think mexican. and dont get me wrong, i love a burrito bowl as much as the next guy - but thats not real mexican food. and this place isnt a place to go to get mexican food, either. its a place for the best tacos in town, just like theyre made in michoacan. dassit.
Best tacos in Miami. Authentic Mexican!!!
What an obscure find. This place is eensy teensy and the 'hood is a little strange at night, but the tacos were AMAZING. The place is family owned and the owner spent like fifteen minutes explaining to us all the different cuts of pork and the types of taco there were. We had a sampler of EVERYTHING. Don't be shy -- try the intestines/thigh. The tacos come with a full homemade sauce bar. There's also kickass horchata and cider soda (sidral.) It sucks that they don't have other menu items (quesadillas, flautas, chips, salsa, guar) but the lady said that's because those items don't really exist in Mexico.
This is it Miami.  The best taco shop in the city.  Highly recommend the Maciza con cuerito(pork and skin) - delicious.  They're all simple authentic tacos that will have you thinking your in Mexico.
Hole in the wall, authentic Mexican restaurant. Interesting ingredients in the tacos. I thought my stomach wouldn't be able to handle it, but it did well.
It feels like you are actually at a taco stand in Mexico when you come to this place in Little Havana. They only serve tacos (on corn, not flour tortillas) and sodas. No beer. No liquor license. At least since the last time I was there. The tacos were great but I must warn you that some of the ingredients are hard to stomach if you're not into eating cow brains and tongue. However, the pork and chicken tacos were amazing. I also tried the chicharon tacos but they were soggy. The guy did warn me so it's just a matter of taste. I like my chicharones crunchy and right out of a bag. While I was there, most of the customers were Mexican and all the slang and cussing (not offensive at all) reminded me of home.
Just had a pork taco mixed with 7 different pig parts. Delicious...FYI, No fish, no veggies, just good ol' meat, and it's damn good.
this place was really good. great service too !
It's the real deal... orale gueyyyyyyyy
Great hole in the wall taco place.  Owner is a very nice guy, cant wait to go back because he is teaching me Spanish while I eat!
Best tacos of my life, no joke. The lengua and oreja were unbelievably delicious. I will be back...probably tomorrow!
This place is amazing, I found it thanks to an article on the Miami New times. My favorite thing to get is a taco campechano and orejas. I love spicy food and they have a great home made Habanero sauce which is orgasmic when served on a taco. I really can't say enough good things about this place, just go! You're wasting time reading this review.
Great Mexican food. Best tacos in Miami..
Seriously authentic. Seriously good! A hidden gem.
Beautifully simple and delicious menu. Very authentic and a great find. The owners are incredibly nice and can offer great insight and advice when ordering; definitely take the time to meet them and hear what they have to say about their food. Also, this is a place for the adventurous palate, however if you aren't as daring there are still at least two taco options.
ATTENTION MEXICAN FELLOWS: You must visit this place if you really want to have food as in our homeland. This is 100% authentic carnitas tacos hands down. Make sure you take cash since they dont get CCs. Best of all: They make their own tortillas.
Best Mexican tacos!!!! Costumer service??? The best!!!!! I am not Mexican but this tacos have an awesome flavor!!!! If you want to eat real Mexican tacos!!! You have to come to this place
One of my favorite restaurants. They have awesome tacos here really good spot if you are visiting Miami.
I found out about this hole in the wall taco place through Yelp, and everything about it was amazing. A couple from Mexico City have owned it for three years. The wife takes the orders and she is such a sweetheart - she'll recognize if you're not familiar with authentic Mexican tacos and will explain everything on the menu in detail...which you will most likely need because they use all different parts of the pig, like ear, tongue, stomach, intestines, etc. SO delicious!!! I'm moving to LA soon and this has definitely set the bar for what real tacos should taste like. Not only was the food great, but our group felt extremely welcome by their hospitality in an area where it would be easy to not be so nice to tourists. I wish I lived in Miami so I could go there all the time!
I tried this place for the first time today and I would have to say that It was ok. I live in the Little Havana Area and have tried all the Mexican food places in the neighborhood. I recently saw this place on yelp and I had to check it out. First of all, it's a little difficult to find. If you are having trouble locating it it's because it has no visible signage declaring that any type of food is sold there. The only way i spotted it was because of the tables out front. If you are having difficulty finding the restaurant it's on the northwest corner of SW 6th street and 12th ave mushed next to a jewelry shop. They only sell tacos and they vary from the mundane bistec (steak) to the exotic lengua (tongue). The tacos are pretty small and I had quite the appetite that day so i ordered 4. I tried the bistec (steak), pollo (chicken), macisa (pork), and this pork and pork rind combination. The service was relatively quick and I was kind of in a rush so I took them to go. When I finally tried them, they were ok. There were nothing spectacular but also not bad. It was just average. I was kind of disappointed about the fact that they were plainly dressed. There were no toppings, other than the meat, on the tortillas. The to-go box did include some small plastic containers of copped onions, cilantro, and tomatillo sauce but I wish they would have dressed them in advanced with the toppings so I could enjoy them as they would like me to enjoy them. I would say though, that the tomatillo sauce was good. I would recommend the place to anybody looking for a cheap and quick tacos in Little Havana. Definitely an upgrade from Taco Bell, but not the mecca for those seeking the gustatory nirvana of the Mexican culinary religion.
Don't let the appearance fool you. This is the best authentic Mexican tacos in Miami. The ingredients are fresh everytime. I love the food here it's great. It's inexpensive and if you have leftovers, heat them up on a skillet w a little butter... awesome!
Wow, only 5 star reviews? Hmm.. this place must be good! After two long months of having this place bookmarked, I decided to see if it was worth the hype. So is it worth the hype? I think so! First off, this is definitely not your typical Miami restaurant; it literally feels like you're in a small taco shop in Mexico (been to Mexico 5+ times.) The menu is very limited and by limited I mean they only serve tacos, very authentic, delicious, packed with taste, Mexican tacos not to mention cheap ($1.75/taco.) They serve tacos with either: chicken, steak or pork and weird body parts us Americans don't typically eat (tongue, ears, etc.) Their specialty is pork; my favorite taco was a tie between both steak and pork. At each table they place a sauce bar, which includes different hot and not so hot sauces, cilantro and onions.  They also serve different Mexican sodas and ice cream. I had the strawberry soda, which was delicious! If you want real, authentic Mexican tacos for less than 2 dollars each then you must check this place out. You won't be disappointed :)
I had the pork taco and guacamole to give it a tty and ended having 5 tacos. Great taste and great price.
This is the best taco experience I've ever had. The tacos here are fantastic. The sauces are great and they don't mix their cilantro and onion which is a big plus for me. No horchata but honestly I am willing to look past that because the food is just that great. The oreja, lengua, surtido, and buche by far are the tastiest but honestly it's really hard to choose which is the best. Seriously just get one of everything you WILL NOT regret it.
Best tacos in miami by far.... Ppl told me about this place for years and I declined to believe the BUZZ.. Confirmed amazing, campechano tacos are game changers just request some VALENTINA!!!
Yes! Real Mexican tacos! Mostly carnitas! Get the campechanco you won't be sorry. Delicious!!
Went Saturday after the baseball game since it is very close to the stadium. Walking close to the restaurant, I saw a first coach roach .  Getting much closer, I saw the second one and then getting close to a table I saw the third one but dead. Had to go!
These are good, cheap tacos, but no cheese or sour cream. I tried the mixed meats and the tongue. Both were good.
perfect !!!! thanks yelpers for the advice... i encourage everybody to come here
best tacos ever..... EVER. even better then the ones in mexico!!! i was drawn here by my fellow yelpers and it really is a 5 star restaurant.  I had the tongue (so tender and flavorful), ears (sooo melt in your mouth tender.. the ear cartilage wasn't even crunch or anything, the entire thing was amazing), i got their mix with the bits of chicarrones in them.. as well as our meats mix.. the bf got the mix tacos with steak and chicken-- of course i chided him for getting "normal meats".. they give you a large condiment travels with salsa verde and rojos.. onions and cilantro.  you have to ask for the habenaro salsa by  it's name.. unlike other habenaro salsas.. this  one doesn' t burn till it hurts.. it burns just right. everything about his place is right. I don't know how they're gonna handle all the business with only 10 chairs or so. we got around 12 tacos and 1 horacha for less then $20.  You can go across the street to buy some booze to top off your amazing mexican meal.. AMAZING. puts the taco places in DC to shame!
small restaurant with really great tacos! i will defiantly come back to this place again!
Excellent Mexican street tacos.  Tacos are less that $2 each and are fresh and delicious.  Served with a range of homemade salsas.  Great place for casual lunch or dinner.  Best tacos in Miami.
Great tacos!!! Great service. I am so glad I went there.
Absolutly love it!!! This is my kind of restaurants!!! Very very local, fresh, delicious and fairly priced!!! It's located in Little Habana, it's a small place with just enough sitting for 16 people, maybe, very simple but no more than the necessary. The menu it's pretty basic, you can only get tacos, but, a fair variaty of them. Either you like simple or you're more into new things, you will be able to have chicken or beef... Or... Tonge or ear tacos (among other not so usuall parts of the pig). My advise, get the mixed one with a tamarindo jarrito.
Craving cheap, delicious tacos served with authentic meat? Look no further than Viva Mexico in Little Havana. For $2 a taco, you can have your pick of pig parts served in a small tortilla. For those who are less adventurous, they also offer tacos al pastor and even with the regular chicken and beef. But I highly, highly recommend trying some of the different pork tacos! Raised by a Chinese family, I'm no stranger to eating strange parts of animals. I ordered the lengua (tongue), oreja (ear), maciza (leg), and buche (stomach). My favorites, by far, were the tongue and stomach. They're both very tender, and the stomach offers a great chewy consistency to go with the tacos. I didn't care much for the ear, since I'm not a fan of the unsuspecting crunch you get when you bite through cartilage. The pork leg is on the leaner side, so if you've had roast pig before, you'll know exactly how dry it can be. Thankfully, you can sauce those tacos up with your own personal salsa bar! Verdict: Chipotle's got nothing on Viva Mexico. Long live these tacos! Take my word. Be adventurous.
This place has been on my radar for quite some time. I was bit confused since the restaurant is on the side of a different store. The restaurant is outdoors with a small seating area with a busy street view. I would consider it similar to a lemonade stand on steroids. When I walked up I noticed a tray of colorful sauces and a small menu on the wall. This is a taco ONLY place. No rice, beans or cheese. I knew this ahead of time so I wasn't shocked. They serve up steak, chicken and different pork parts.  The tacos are served in a small corn tortilla and topped with your choice of meat. They are served plain and you have the option to add cilantro, raw onion and sauce. The meat was tender and moist but not bursting with flavor. The corn tortilla was fresh but not warm enough. All in all I can say I had a good taco but not a great taco. My son really enjoyed his tacos but he also enjoys plain food. That should tell you a lot. Miami has so many great restaurants and I know the competition is insane. I don't think this restaurant tries hard enough but I suppose they don't have to considering how popular they are.  I wasn't impressed. If I'm in the area and my son is craving tacos I will definately swing by again!
Absolutely spectacular!!  No frills carnitas as they should be.  Most authentic taqueria in Miami.  I had six campechanos and wanted more!  Loved it!!!!
Humble surroundings for this utterly authentic and totally delicious taqueria.  The service is wonderful and friendly.  This is a no frills place that's big on taste and friendliness.  Absolutely wonderful.
Best tacos in Miami!!
great! pork tacos. the campechano is my favorite. that's a mix of fried chicharron and roast pork. good for gluten-free.,,corn tortilla. that's almost all they sell, pork tacos. but they're really good. nice toppings, ask for habanero if you like it spicy, they keep it hidden away. they now take credit cards, so even better.
Excellent tacos !!! Mexican style !!! I love mexican food and missed the real deal ! This is the one !!! This tacos are out of this world ! Am I in Mexico ?????? Wow !!!  if you want to experience Mexico in Miami ? Come to this place !!!! This is the real deal !!! Service is great, they all are very sweet and make you feel like having a meal at home but with mexican food !!!!! LOVE IT !!!!!!
Best tacos in Miami!! This is our go to taco spot. Prices are great and it's so good!!! Love that they have a wide selection of salsa on the table. Makes me feel like I'm back home in Denver (great tacos there).
It's a original Mexican  taco place. They only sell tacos and they great. The "aguas" are also very good. Fun experience
Inflation is not only driving up the rent of your Brickell high-rise, it's seeping westward, straight into the price of your Taco Tuesday office feast: Prices have gone up, tacos are now two entire George Washingtons, or eight, depending on how you carry your Washingtons. (That's $2 if you don't refer to all of your monies in terms of the men who's faces are emblazoned onto them). The tacos are, yes, only two bucks - but the real deal here is buying taco meat by the pound. You get 12 tortillas and fix-ins (onions, cilantro), some sauce and the eternal gratitude of your lunch cohort. There are meters on the street outside, and our lunch time trip required minimal waiting. If you call ahead an order for the office, you can cut down even more wait time. We ordered 1.5 pounds of meat, a mess of tortillas and a GALLON of Horchata for the office, and it clocked in at an even $40.00. It amounts to 18 tacos, so at an average of 3 tacos a person, you can easily feed 6. It's a good deal for some decent tacos, the chicharones mixed in with leg meat on the mixed pork variety are good and there's a fun crunch you usually miss out on with soft shell tacos. We also got the steak and were not disappointed. Guac is $5 a tub, made fresh on the premises, but you'll have to provide your own chips - so just know that.
Viva Mexico...yes but not here. The only thing "Mexican" was the flag that was outside. The tacos were not Mexican style. The meat was very dry and the tortillas were hard. This is not what I am used to when I m thinking of eating Mexican Tacos. The staff is friendly and the place has very limited seating space.
We loved this simple family owned Taco stand. Very casual street side tables & chairs. Cash only. $2 dollars a taco. Quick service and you get to practice your Spanish! What fun. Thanks fellow yelpers. You know good food.
Tacos are small but really good, chicken was my favorite. Their red hot sauce is delicious!
Best tacos in Miami cuz that all they do. Also very nice people working here.   Delicioso!!
Yummy little authentic tacos :-) They bring a tray of different sauces, onion, lime and cilantro. My hubby tasted chicken and steak but claimed the tacos with pork were the tastiest. Fridays and Saturdays they have tacos of chicharron con salsa verde. Those were my favorite.   I also had taco campechano (leg and crackling skin). They were also delicious
Hole in the wall with the MOST delicious and legit Mexican tacos...nowhere else will you find something so close to Mexican tacos...trust me, I'm Mexican and I've hunted for them all over Miami. Being cash and your appetite, happy tacos!!!
Oh man, was I ever so excited to eat here when I read all the reviews on Yelp. All you critics made it sound like Mexico itself opened up a tiny shack of a food embassy to represent the quality and appetizing food that the great country of "Me-hi-co" has to offer. Going through review after review made my mouth water to the point I had to get a bucket. Did you know that at one point, this place occupied the #1 spot on Yelp Miami's list? I had no doubts that this place was going to be less than fantastic!  Ladies and gentlemen, I warn you. If you read on, it's at your own risk. I don't want to spoil the excitement you have to eat here (jk I do) but I'm doing this for your own good! My friends and I came here after a day at the beach, so naturally we were starving. Do you know that feeling of being so incredibly famished to the point that you would eat a live animal? If you are nodding your head, I don't know the feeling. You'd have to be crazy to do something like that, you weirdo. Anyways, we get to this place and the whole time on the way there, I am hyping this place up. We get there and it's exactly what you would expect. The place is literally someones house. There are a few tables on the outside and a tiny bar to sit at. To start, we order some guacamole and chips. Heads up, this was the only redeeming quality of this place. I ordered 6 tacos, 3 chicken and 3 steak. We waited a short time for the food to come out, I guess that would be considered another plus. After 15 minutes, the food came. Anxious and excited, I went straight in on them tacos! After my first bite, I was waiting for the magical Disney-inspired talking animals to come at my side and help me sing a song of how delightful my meal was. And do you know what happened? They never came. The meat in the tacos were very dry, even when I decided to put a couple of the countless sauces they have on it. I even put some of our guacamole inside to see if it would help. It did, but barely. What a disappointment man. If you're going to eat here, let me give you some advice first: DO NOT COME WITH HIGH EXPECTATIONS. The food here isn't horrible to the point that you are gonna spit it out, but saying it was "alright" is pushing it. Because I am usually not one to heavily criticize, I will give credit where credit is due. The service was fast (because making tacos doesn't really require a lot of time). The air conditioning was working (they bought new fans at Walmart). And the place is pretty cheap, which is actually good if you're tight on cash.. (no joke for this one). Verdict: I'm rating it 2/5 stars. For me, giving it 1 star would simply be unfair but giving it 3 stars would be throwing them a bone, a bone they don't deserve.
Place is amazing. Pretty under the radar and so authentic. The pork tacos are their "staple." Try the leg & crackling skin it's da bomb. Also no longer cash only! They take card now.
I'm guessing Mexican food is difficult to come by in Miami. Being from California, these were average tacos at best. The meat was kind of dry and lacked flavor. For 7 tacos and 2 sodas, our meal was $23. Kind of pricy when you see just how small the tacos are. If you're visiting, and have good mexican food at home, then pass on this place. Also, they only serve tacos. No beans, no rice and NO CHEESE anywhere!
Friendly service. Tacos good. I ordered tacos of bistec but it was barbacoba.
Had 3 tacos, chips, guacamole and a michelada. Service was fast. Guac was delicious and fresh tasting. They had over 4 different types of salsas to choose from. The tacos were typical 'Mexican' tacos on that it's just a small corn tortilla with the meat of your choice, onions and cilantro. The condiments they include at the table are several different sauces and a side of onion and cilantro. I had one steak, one tongue and one taco al pastor. All were well seasoned and they give you about 2 ounces of meat for each taco which makes the taco pretty packed with meat. The michelada was great. Very refreshing. All in all it reminded me almost of the quality of Mexican food you can get in California. The menu was limited but had the typical fair: tacos, burritos,fajitas and I think enchiladas. I will definitely go back.
What a dissapointment!! After all the hype for this place I was expecting out of this world tacos! So plain!! I can have a better taco at Chipotle or Moes.   I did LOVE the guacamole though
I'm hesitant to write this review because I want no one else to know this place exists. I guess I'm a little possessive with my hole-in-the-wall, authentic, taco eateries. But they deserve the business, so here it goes. EAT HERE. You will regret nothing. My favorite is the surtida, which means mixed. Order the guacamole, its awesome. I loved the horchata too. This place is cash only, but there's an atm right next door. $2 tacos worth every bite. Oh and just a word on the ambiance. there is only a slight chance that you'll get shot while eating here, but not big enough a chance to not try it. (hopefully that deters some of you, buahaha)
Great hole in the wall Michoacan style tacos! best authentic tacos ive had in Miami! They give u all the chopped onions, cilantro and sauces you want. The service is excellent and the prices are great! Outside seating, great miami local point of view.
I really love when I sit down at a restaurant for the first time and all the people around me dining are chatting it up with the restaurant owners and staff like family. That's exactly what I got when I sat down at Viva Mexico. It was a really laid back environment with people laughing and socializing in a way you don't see often (only other place that provides this type of setting that I can think of off the top of my head is Beehive in the Gables). That alone would get me to come back. As for the tacos, they were good but 2 bucks a taco (and they are small) is not really cheap in my book. The tacos at Mi Rinconcito Mexicano are cheaper, a little bigger, and, dare I say it, BETTER. The one thing they do have that Mi Rinconcito does not are those bomb ass sauces. The horchata was good and yeah, that's about it. Cash only tiggies!
This place is legit.. the campuchano and the surtido are the way to go, but you can't go wrong with any of the other options.. Edit: DO NOT GET THE STEAK.
Love this place, we go with my family at least twice a month or more, service is good and the tacos and the salsas are  real mexican!! Order the taco campechano is the best!!
After all the fabulous reviews this place has gotten, I had made it a point to come here on my quest for authentic Mexican food in Miami. Today was finally the day that I could see if my journey was at it's end. It was a bit hard to find, and I must have done 3 circles around the block before finding it. It is a small hole in the wall that is very humble looking. +1 point to authenticity, as all the best Mexican places I had been to previously were exactly like this. The servers are very nice, and the vibe is laid-back with a family orientated setting. You make your picks, sit down, eat, and pay at the end. It is an all cash business, so make sure you got some greenbacks. They only serve tacos here, so picking what to eat is pretty simple. I had 4 tacos, a carnitas, a steak, a chicken, and al pastor. It only took about 5 minutes for my order to come up, and I was happy to see what I got. Nothing fancy, just simple tacos. You dress them yourself with onions, cilantro, and a choice of 4 salsas. They say two of the salsas are spicy (a red and green), but to my taste only the red was legit spicy. All the tacos were great. Fresh, tender, and very reasonably priced. This was the closest I have come to Mexicali here in Miami, but still it lacks the kick. Nevertheless, I would be a regular here if it wasn't so far away.
I stopped by here after a long day of hanging out with friends and we needed something quick but not too fattening. The "menu" was pretty simple. They only have tacos with different meats ($2 - $2.95) and guacamole ($5). The tacos all came with soft tortillas with the meats on top, you add your own condiments when you receive your food. But again the list is pretty short of what you put in them onions, cilantro, hot sauce and lemon juice. The lady that attended us was fast and she was already preparing our food as we told her what we wanted. The tacos are a bit dry so make sure to add plenty of those sauces for that juicy kick you might be craving. And also bring cash. We had to scrape pennies from our wallets since we were relying on our credit card to pay.
Yeah this place rocks. All about the surtida, or pretty much anything on the menu that involves ears, tongues, and toes. Pretty much if it sounds like a part of the body that feels good getting licked- go for it. I love this place because it's genuine, friendly, and the perfect cure for a bit of a night out. Also, I'm not sure if it's against the rules or not, but I buddy of mine got one of those tall cans of Modelo and drank it out of a paper bag with his lunch while we sat outside. If you're a boozer, a trip to the bodega  before stopping in might be in your interest as they just sell the liquid candy Jaritos, which by the way, is really, really good.
I'm from Houston, TX where they have real Mexican food. I really wanted to like this place because it has great reviews but I've had authentic Mexican tacos my whole life and the ones I had here cannot compare. They were okay.
