Excellent brunch! This was our first stop off the plane in FLL on a Sunday morning.  We were hungry for breakfast food, and this place didn't disappoint.  The lemon pancakes were excellent - a light lemon flavor and perfect crispy edges.  A simple side of scrambled eggs stole the show though - delicious flavor, cooked perfectly.  Its small but we didn't have to wait too long.  Parked at the nearby Chase bank.
Good food and great prices. I really enjoyed my shrimp and grits, mac n cheese, caramelized brussel sprouts, spring rolls, and pork tostadas. My husband got the baby back ribs which were very tasty. My friend had The Big Ragout dinner pasta and her fiance enjoyed the Pork parm. All in all, everyone was super pleased with their choices. The chef came by later on in the night and asked us how we enjoyed everything; very personable. Next up, try it for brunch!
This is such a hidden gem. The food is phenomenal. The location, limited parking and tight dining experience are minor concerns. The options and taste make this place totally worth it. Unlike many reviewers, I had no wait. The place was packed but there was an open table for two. We ordered the mac (macaroni and cheese) with bacon for starters. It was so good. I say this as a bacon lover and with the consent of my dinner companion who occasionally eats pork. We both chose to eat a few spoonfuls in order to save room for our meals. But, I almost thought that a certain person would get more or lick the plate. This from an "occasional" pork eater. I ordered the no cream shrimp alfredo. The taste is sinful. I thought is was even better than the mac and I was somehow surprised by that. My friend had the grilled mahi mahi with mashed sweet potato plantains and caramelized brussels sprouts.  I hate brussels sprouts but I really enjoyed them. Yes, I tried my friend's food. I decided to venture out from my typical beverage of choice. Diet Coke. Yes, I do it big. But, I decided to go for gold. Ordered Reed's Ginger Ale. It was made with pure cane sugar and real ginger. It totally gave ginger ale a whole new meaning. It contained 17 grams of real ginger. The taste was orgasmic. I can't believe I have gone through life drinking all that other crapola. My life is forever changed by this dining and drinking experience.
I can't get enough of this place. Let's begin with all the warm smiles you receive the instant you walk in. Chef Daniel really knows what he's doing with cooking comfort food. I can check off a lot of items on the menu that I have tried and have never been disappointed, but what really stands out (just to name a few) is the pork and beans, shrimp and grits, caramalized brussel sprouts, Marsha's salad, mushroom croquettes, and supreme pizza rolls. I could probably eat any of those everyday. The wine selection is not overwhelming but just the right amount to pair with everything on the menu. So come and check out this fantastic addition to the Upper East Side
I came here a few weeks ago with my sister, Michelle. She gave a solid star. I give two. They have a nice wine and beer list - little something for everyone. I can dig it. Their vegetables list was insane. I had some sort of steak with fries and then two side orders - carrots and bok choy. The carrots were awesome. That and the cider beer is why I give an extra star. Beyond that, my sister complained of too much vinegar in her food, and mine seemed to have cracked black peppercorns CAKED on it. The service was really good. But the place was so crowded, I felt like the people to my right and left were practically on my lap. Generally, didn't love it. I will give the chef some props for going out of his way to later offer my sister a refund. That was really nice of him. Either way, it's a little far from my neck of the woods...won't be going back.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! AMAZING SERVICE! and its fun to tweet with the chief while ur eating!  Def go for brunh!
Ok, Blue Collar, you win! After way too many reviews and Instagram pic tempting me, I just had to give in and see what all the hype was about. I was definitely NOT disappointed! The food was delicious, but beyond that, the service was amazing! Too often in Miami we deal so many employees who seem to hate their jobs but blue Collar is not that place! We sat at the counter so had the ability to interact with servers, busser and the chef. All were personable and offered great tips And advice for not only this visit but for future visits. Thank you for making the night awesome! And to the HR person for blue collar, you are amazing! Keep up the good work :-) Oh, and don't miss bacon dusted scallops if they have them!!!
Came here while visiting Miami. Heard great things about this place and had to see for myself. Lots of vegan options. Great beer selection. I tried the veal special and LOVED IT!!! Will def return during my next Miami visit.
Blue Collar has the most amazing Shrimp & Grits...you can really taste the quality. The pieces of bacon added are like no other! I totally recommend this to anybody! The real juicy burger was damn good to say the least...damn good! I did try the babyback ribs with their "warm potato salad" but wasn't too impressed. The other items are great though!  :)
AMAZING.  Extensive menu, and food was delicious. Vaca frita tostones, caesar salad, chicken parm,   pizza rolls all things that we tried. So many other things to choose from- will def be back.  Oh, and mushroom goat cheese croquettes-amazing and this is coming from someone who doesn't eat mushrooms or goat cheese!!! Save room for desert and coffee-choc cake and Heath bar bread pudding.  Not to be missed!
I went to Blue Collar due to the many positive reviews from fellow Yelpers and though I should give it a try. Went for breakfast. Ordered: Lemon Ricotta pancakes, meaty scramble with hasbrowns and bacon, tea and coffee. Place: Tiny, Tiny, Tiny. Retro style. Service: BAD, sever was rude. Had to ask her for everything; from silverware to ketchup, extra sugar for the tea, napkins, etc. Food: I had wayyy better breakfasts at Ihop that's how ironic this is. The eggs were dry and weird tasting not sure if it was the manchego cheese to it but overall it  was not good. Lemon Ricotta pancakes were ok nothing that you can say it was great. Tab came about $40 including tip. Very pricey in my opinion for a mediocre breakfast and bad service. Overall. This place in my opinion has very creative dishes that by name sound appealing. Maybe it was the time of the day I went, or maybe I had high expectations or maybe my overall goal is to go to a place that has good food regardless of the crowd or the looks of a place. However,  at this point I can only give this place 1 start due to the bad experience. But as weird as it sounds, I may give it another try for dinner as per other reviews those plates were more satisfying than  the breakfast dishes I had. Maybe there, the stars can go up!
Going to Blue Collar for the third time, I felt compelled to YELP that this restaurant, chef and staff have created a unique blend of delicious food, friendy environment and exceptional value.  From fish to meat to veggies, the favors are unexpected and REAL.    So not typical Miami.  Try it out and have a great time.
Enjoyed a lovely Mother's Day brunch with the family. We shared the Duck McMuffin, and Shrimp and Grits alongside kale and broccoli rabe sides. Tasty. Finished up with a Heath bar bread pudding with molasses that was amazing. Solid food and good value for money. Thumbs up!
Truly wonderful.  A very small place, but easily worth the trip.  Burger was great, so was everything else.
I think this is one of my first reviews with a full 5 stars.. The Veggie Plate...if I could lick the plate..I would have..I remember scraping the plate..my date looked at me weird....I don't care..I love it This place gets packed so if you want to do brunch get there at 11:00 on the dot..
Best food in Miami especially if you like vegetables. It is gourmet food served in a tongue in cheek diner/ dive way which is illustrated by the fact that the servers wear t-shirts with tuxedos on them. Lunch and dinner are fabulous.  I was shocked by how good the chocolate cake was.  The breakfast/ brunch is also amazing ( The lemon ricotta pancakes and Eggs Benedict are my favorites). You MUST try the curried cauliflower and the sesame snow peas.  The veal parmesan special is huge and not to be missed.  They do not take reservations and it is hard to get a table so go at off times like 3 pm. In the winter they have outdoor seating. They serve the coffee in thermoses. I have been here at least 8 times and I will go back many more.  Please expand and get more tables!!
This place is so delicious. There's really almost nothing else to say. Went for brunch and it was already packed right when it opened. We got the last table for 4. It was kind of hot, which is my only complaint. Maybe their AC was having an off day because otherwise it would have been mentioned here more often. I ordered the pulled pork benedict. I love interesting benedicts. It's my favorite thing. I couldn't even keep looking at the menu because I knew I would be torn (ahem.. shrimp and grits). I definitely made a good choice. The plate was huge. Picture two giant pieces of corn bread, covered in pulled pork and an egg, all smothered with BBQ. If you don't think that sounds amazing, skip this place altogether. You don't deserve to go here. My friend ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes, which I've been hearing about for what feels like years. We ended up sorta sharing both our plates. The pancakes are delicious and everything I had hoped. I definitely wouldn't get just that as an entree because it's overwhelmingly sweet. But as a share plate, it was excellent. I tried a little bit of the Duck McMuffin and was also impressed. I wouldn't have traded my Benedict for any of those, though. Totally fell in love.
This is my first review on Yelp and it's only because the food in this restaurant is out of this world!  I just discovered this quaint little restaurant and already I've been back and took a friend, that also loved the place. The vegetables are phenomenal. I'll keep coming back.
I've had The Blue Collar on my radar for months now. My sister and I finally ventured down this morning (Saturday, Jan 4th)  I absolutely enjoyed the ambiance and intimate setting. This is truly an hidden oasis on the up and coming Biscayne Blvd. Biscayne Blvd has truly cleaned up a lot. GREAT area to park, walk and shop.
This is a trendy, hip, hole in the wall place (quaint, as someone said in one of their reviews it is NOT) located alongside a semi abandoned or maybe in the middle of renovating motel in the seedy Biscayne corridor in Little Haiti. A bit hard to find if you don't know it's next to a motel ( that seems to be empty). If you have been to NY or LA or any other cool, trendy city this is nothing unique or for that matter, fabulous. But if you are from the mid-west or possibly a local who has never gone anywhere - that may be why this place has so many 5 star reviews. Anyway, it's good, it's tiny, it's over-priced for what you get ( as are ALL trendy places everywhere) but I liked it. I had their vegetable plate, where you choose four vegetables from their regular offerings and its $14 for the plate. Everything I had was well prepared and seasoned nicely and enjoyable- BUT $14 for vegetables-  it should have been a much bigger portion or served over brown rice or something to make it more of a meal. I didn't really like the menu as there were too many items that were trying to hard by adding ingredients you don't need or want. Not enough healthy options for my taste. I would return when I am back in town, but 5 stars? I don't see it.
This place deserves all the great reviews. I went there for Miami Spice this past weekend. They tend to switch up their menu every week for Miami Spice, so what you see on their website (and even on their printed menu when you're ordering) might be wrong. I was looking forward to trying their "Latke Club" appetizer. Yet, the week I went it was their basic latke with applesauce that was available. Booooo! Tried the iceberg salad instead. As with everything there, the portion was very generous. Just a tad to blue cheesy for me. My entree was the Seared Divers Scallops with Brussels Sprout Succotash and Cherry Gastrique (pic uploaded). While the other entrees were bigger, mine was a good size after eating so much salad. The dessert, the famed bread pudding, went home. I had to tap out after the first two courses. If you take it home, ask that they don't heat it up for you. I warmed mine up in a pan with butter. DELICIOUS. Things that entice me to come back: + cute guys (some hipsters) with tattoos for servers! they were all very friendly too + HUGE portions + the bread pudding. so decadent, I couldn't finish it by myself Only drawback: -parking. There is the tiny lot out front and more space alongside the motel on NE 68th Street. But walking back to the car with two other girls at night, left me feeling a little vulnerable.
The food was great! Especially the Shrimp and Grits. The staff was very pleasant. I really recommend this place.
I met friends for dinner at Blue Collar a few weeks ago on a Tuesday night and was floored by how busy the restaurant was for a Tuesday night. There were three of us and we waited about twenty minutes for a table; thankfully, our meal we well-worth the wait. To start, we shared the grilled pears, the saffron arancini and the caramelized brussel sprouts. The pears were delicious and who would have thought brussel sprouts could taste so good?! My favorite (of course it had to be the fried dish) were the arancini. They were served in a delectable sauce. I couldn't get enough! The serving sizes of the appetizers weren't large at all so we didn't feel like we'd ordered too much. Besides, we wanted to try as much as we could in one visit. Our trio wasn't as adventurous in choosing entrees. We each ordered the grilled chicken which comes with two sides from the veggie chalkboard of your choosing.. I had the blue cheese grilled asparagus and the sweet potato plantain mash. Both were delicious. My friends both had the sweet potato mash but one had the buttered baby bok choy which she loved and the other had the roasted artichoke hearts which she hated. For dessert we shared the bread pudding which was also wonderful. We also shared a bottle of the Bigtime Malbec by Guggenheim /Argentina which was excellent! Overall, we had an excellent meal. The service was spot on and the food was perfect (all except for the artichoke hearts). I will definitely be returning to Blue Collar and cannot wait to try their brunch menu!
I'm not going to go into a super long review on this place because it's been done.  I just wanted to say, if you've thought about checking it out, do it!  I'm a big skeptic and I take most of the reviews with a grain of salt.  That being said, the food is just as good as all the reviews say they are and in my opinion, the quality for the price can't be beat.  Went there for dinner last night and took my brothers and sister in law (who live in Kendall) and when they saw the area, they were like, where are you taking us?  It's in a motel??? Yes. So step outside your comfort zone, and yes drive to that skeevy (but up and coming) area, and have one of the best meals you can have in Miami.  Once their plates were in front of them, the fams reservations about the area was long forgotten.  We were definitely all in agreement that this place is about the FOOD. And you have to have the bread pudding! It is actually better than the hype if you can believe it.
Awesome food and great service. They are all very friendly. The only down side is that the restaurant is small, so you may have to wait. Stand outs are the steak, pork and beans breakfast, and Brussels sprouts. Delicious! PS, please start offering carry out again soon. We love your food but don't always want to sit down for a meal.
Been here twice and on the 2nd visit tried "The Big Ragout".  Sandwich had all the key elements; tender meat, crunchy toasted bread and gooey melted cheese. Defiantly not the lightest option on the menu and could've easily been split amongst 2 people.
What a dinner! Great good, great service, great ambiance and generous portions. Comfort traditional food with all the classic favorites! I'm in love. I got the daily special Pork cheeks with yukon gold mashed potatoes and my husband got the tender hanger steak with home fries. The portions are huge! The pork cheeks were very tender and cooked to perfection! The mashed potatoes was the  best I've ever had!! Not too creamy, it was chunky and very potato-y. The best thing also from the dish is that it was hot (temperature wise). Usually it's just warm but i love when it's hot and you can see the heat smoke! My husband steak was big too and he loved it. The fries were thick cut, including the skin, very well cooked and not greasy. It was just perfect. It was a big dinner so we turned down their offer of homemade desserts (chocolate cake, bread pudding or berry cobbler)... We payed but we stayed there while my husband was finishing his beer. No need to say it didn't take me long to order the cobbler. It took a bit of time which i think shows its made right on spot. It is served with vanilla ice cream. It was warm and big. However the taste was a little bit too tart for me and the shortbread crust was a bit too salty. However it tastes much better if you eat the three components together (berries, crust and ice cream). They really complement each other! Great experience with delicious classic traditional dishes! Everything on the menu looks good so i can't wait to go back.
Really Nice place.  I'm all for the proliferation of MIMO restaurants.  This place goes for the whole upscale comfort food thing.  They do a pretty good job too.  The staff is attentive, and the chef is so nice and he comes out and asks you how your meal is.  I really enjoyed my meals here and hope it sicks around for a while.
This place has very good food. The Mac is great but make sure you ask for it with bacon. The duck confi is realllly good!!! Just wish the prices were a little better for the portion size.
DELICIOUS.  I went for Saturday brunch and the food was gourmet comfort food.  Artichoke Eggs Benedict on a sweet portuguese muffin (amazing), and this ultra cheesy grilled cheese.  The bread pudding with heath bar is a must too. They even had 8 hr roasted/filtered cold Panther Coffee. The whole menu looked amazing - worth repeat visits. And the service was stellar - we had Robert and he was super attentive and cool.
I was really excited to come here, but I think I just ordered the wrong thing. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes and ordered a side of scrambled eggs, which I should have definitely passed on. The portions are beyond generous, so consider sharing. The pancakes were good, but just too much food for me. I know I make it sound like a bad thing. Well my issue is that it was so much food, that it took me a long time to get through it all, whihc means that it got cold... and I hate cold pancakes. However, my friend ordered  the eggs benedict sandwich that was spectacular. I will make it a point to return for lunch or dinner soon.
Obsessed with this place. Great vibe, great service, great food. LOVE the vaca frita topped tostones. I'm still thinking about them. We were a party of four and ate family style. Besides the tostones, we also had a veggie plate, fried green tomatoes, and the big ragout. All excellent. I actually asked the waiter if they would be open for lunch the following day, that's how much I like this place. Chocolate cake was cute with a side of milk, but I'll be trying the bread pudding next time.
Incredible surprise, don't judge this book by the cover, honestly one of the best lunches i have had in recent memory, this place is a hidden gem - I recommend you get something different from whoever you eat with and eat family style.  I'm in the restaurant biz and these guys do an amazing job.  Not sure I can use enough cliche' to describe this place but I will for sure be coming back again and with more friends - try the Big Ragout abd the Corbin but the chicken parm is crazy good too
I went there the other day for lunch.  It was my firend and I's first time and the wait staff were patient and helpful with the menu. My fiend and I split the Shrimp and Grits and the Grilled B/S Chicken Breast. The chicken breast come with 2 selections from their large selections of vegetables. We chose the roasted Cippolinni Onions and grilled Asparagus. The grilled chicken breast was moist and tender and the accompanying vegetables were delicious. I especially recommend the roasted Cippolini onions, which are perfectly roasted. The interiors melt like cream when you bite into them. The Shrimp and grits where delicious. The grits with creamy and flavorful. The shrimp was tender and succulent. For desert we split a key lime pie. The key lime was some of the best I had ever had. The crust was amazing and the fresh  whipped creme on top pulled the whole dessert together. I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
Heard a lot of talk about this place from friends... especially about their burger Finally went for a lunch with some of my co-workers. So good! Ordered the juicy cheeseburger with fries, along with the pickle of the day. Co-workers ordered (among them) the Big Ragout sandwich, philly cheese-steak and shrimp po'boy. Juicy cheeseburger was very solid. A little juicier than I wanted it, since I asked for Medium-Well. French fries were some of the best I ever had. I've noticed with a lot of burger joints that their burgers are awesome, and their fries suck. BC has both down-packed. Burger isn't on my Miami top 5... but it's close. It also came in a Portuguese muffin... which I didn't know what the hell it was, but it's pretty much like an English muffin. My friend's ragout sandwich was awesome. Giant sesame-seed sub-bun. Pulled veal and brisket. Excellent sandwich! Very heavy, though... you can probably split it between two. Philly is great! Shredded ribeye with homemade cheese-wiz. Also something you can split between two. One of my friends who had a cheeseburger, too, also got fingerling potatoes. I need to stress how unique these potatoes are. They taste like glazed donuts. The potatoes have an almost cakey texture... and the seasoning they use (which is probably sugar and cinnamon) is out of this world. Tastes like Krispy Kreme. I couldn't believe what I was eating. I'd go just to eat those again. Pickle of the day was awesome. If you like pickles, hit those up. I had pickled celery, which was great. Blue Collar is awesome. I'd like to go for dinner and try out their stuff at night. For lunch, though, it's awesome. Great restaurant-- glad it's around!
Amazing Food, great service what else can u ask for
I don't think I can say enough good things about this place. I come here weekly on Sundays to eat breakfast/ lunch w friends. Love love love this place. Get the brendons breakfast- it's a sample of everything. The cook is fantastic, I've never eaten pancakes like I have had here- absolutely the best pancakes I've ever had- don't believe me? Try em. The eggs are also well cooked. I like it because its all staple foods for breakfast but they add a little flavor/taste to them that makes it unique! I hear their duck mcmuffin is delicious as is their pulled pork on a biscuit. I wish I could come here for more breakfasts so I try it more. Parking sucks but totally worth going to!!
I was very excited to try Blue Collar when it opened, but with my busy schedule I wasn't able to travel out there. I finally got to try it today and I was not dissapointed! I've been let down by a lot of restaurants lately (I'm looking at you Oh Sushi! And Eating House). That being said, I am glad you did me good Blue Collar. The Mac n Rock Shrimp and the Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Croquettes were delish. For the main course we had the Hanger Steak and the Juicy Burger. Both tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. Even though I'm still stuffed, I am excited to go back.
Amazing food! Great atmosphere but extremely long wait lines and a very small place! They should defiantly think about expanding the location
Awesome service and the food is delicious.  For Brunch I ate their artichoke eggs Benedict and it was a really great twist on the classic!  Their bread pudding is my favorite dessert I have ever had! I think it is the cayenne pepper in the cream topping and the contrast it has with the pudding that makes it special.
Had an incredible birthday meal here last weekend.  This is definitely one of my favorite places in Miami to eat.  The menu is full of hearty, stick-to-your ribs dishes, many of which have a surprising twist.  If I hadn't heard about how good this place was, I probably would've passed it by without a second thought, especially given the rather sketchy neighborhood where it's located. Since they don't take reservations, we decided to show up at 6 PM when they opened, which was a good thing, because a line had already formed.  This place is tiny, but there were three of us and luckily we managed to score a table inside.  Service was brisk and friendly, and the staff was very helpful.  The atmosphere was bustling and it was a lot of fun to watch everyone's food come out. We started with the saffron aroncini with tomato jam and the vaca frita topped tostones with orange mojo sauce.  The tomato jam was sweet and spicy, the perfect counterpoint to those fried balls of perfection.  The vaca frita topping on the crispy, greaseless tostones was savory and delicious.  I couldn't help but notice the massive latkes being brought to several tables around us, and we were compelled by them to order this third appetizer, and I'm really glad we did.  We were rewarded with 4 large latkes that were crispy outside and creamy on the inside, perfectly seasoned, and served with a side of chunky homemade cinnamon applesauce.   For entrees we ordered the real juicy cheeseburger, the super tender hanger steak and a veggie plate.  The veggie plate included curried cauliflower puree which was creamy and sweet, roasted artichokes with a tangy lemon aioli, yummy caramelized brussels sprouts and roasted beets with creamy goat cheese.  The hanger steak was tender and flavorful and served with a large amount of massive hand-cut fries, which were also served with their superb burger.  We were all very happy campers. After all that we were stuffed and fearful that our tummies might explode.  But we knew we couldn't pass up dessert after seeing how wonderful everything tasted.  So we decided to be reasonable and share the warm Heath bar bread pudding with spicy whipped cream.  It was full of complex flavors and was one of the best bread puddings I've ever tasted. The prices were very reasonable for what we ordered.  The only complaint I have about this restaurant is the bathroom.  If you use it, make sure you hold your nose and breathe through your mouth - it definitely needs work!  But other than that, I had a fantastic experience and will definitely be back to try more of their delectable cuisine.  It was definitely worth the trip from Palm Beach county!
Had an EXCELLENT Brunch Experience today.  Eggs Benedict done to perfection.  Vegetable Plate with roasted asparagus, roasted brussel sprouts, plantain and curried cauliflower, all GREAT!   Check out Chef Daniel Serfer's SPECIALS too.  GREAT place to have in the HOOD.  MiMo (Miami Modern Historical District). :  _
Amazing food for a great price. My favorite place to eat hands down in Miami . Cool location in a neat part of town. Evrything on the menu is amazing. I really like their braised pork shoulder and the shrimp and grits are on point. My wife is in love with the brioche french toast. Breakfast and dinner anytime its all good.
The best brunch in Miami. Where has this place been my whole life? I took my girlfriend to brunch there today, and I wish I never had to leave. We started off with two sides, the caramelized brussels sprouts and the bacon potato salad. The brussels sprouts were delicious, although the potato salad was a little to vinegar-y for our tastes. But then came the main courses. My girlfriend got the bananas foster french toast, which apparently is often sold out, and it was just unbelievable. Sweet, tender and perfectly prepared, it should have been a show-stopper. I say "should have been," because my meal truly brought the house down. I ordered the Corben, an off-menu specialty created for Miami filmmaker Billy Corben. It's two unbelievably tender brisket sandwiches on Portuguese muffins with dijon mustard and a healthy portion of au jus for dipping. It also came with two delicious potato pancakes. It apparently isn't always available, but ask for it as soon as you come in. It's worth it. I've heard that the pork and beans and bread pudding are also incredible, and the Big Ragout sandwich ordered by someone nearby looked magnificent as well. Those will be the subject of future orders. If you've never been there before, I can't recommend Blue Collar enough to you. Just please pick up a Corben for me on your way out. The restaurant is strangely situated connected to a random motel, but don't let that deter you; I'm already looking into their long-term occupancy policies. It's very small though, with only about 10 tables. It's definitely worth the wait though. Seriously, why are you still reading this? Go. Now. You can thank me later.
I have to admit, the area really skected me out. I don't know if it was the beaten down motel, or ranom parking lot that did it but whatever it was, I was sketched out. Then this angel hostess that floated down on a cloud from Blue Collar heaven greeted us with such a smile and friendly attitude, that I felt all warm and fuzzy inside. Her joyous self made me forget about the 20 minute wait. Seriously, whatever they are feeding her, continue! She is such a gem. Then, the menu came. Hmmm...healthy dining options healthy dining options...my eyes were searching the pages and finally....the veggie plate! Vegetables are clearly not on the top of my list when it comes to dining out. However, I have been eating so much meat lately that I knew I had to give my body a breather. I ordered a veggie plate at Blue Collar you say? Yes indeed. That is kind of an oxy moron as most of the food offered on the menu is as fattening as fattening can get BUT the veggie dish just appealed to me. I ordered the kale, asparagus, mashed potatoes, and mixed green salad. This dish was so reasonably priced and the perfect portion size. The mixed green salad was my favorite out of the 4 as the dressing was out of this world. I am not a fan of kale but with the sauteed onions, mmm mmm mmm. I could not resist. It was quite a filling meal and very satisfying. I honestly will be back to order this dish again and I don't say that much (well, I do but don't really mean it, this time I do). They have unlimited coffee (from Panther) so definitely take advantage of that and get wired up! I had to do deep breathing exercises when I saw the chocolate cake staring at me from behind the counter (they must honestly put lighting RIGHT over the cake because it really stood out and screamed "EAT ME NOW"). I digress, I will definitely have to be back for that cake when I am able to devote 4 hours to the treadmill. I will be back!
I can't believe all these stellar reviews. I went there when they first opened, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt. Maybe they were "new" and getting the hang of it. But anyway, everything I ordered (burger and fries ) was so greasy that I could not finish it. It felt like I was biting into a sponge that had been soaked in hot oil. Not good. I will, however, give them another try, just based on the other positive reviews. I will make sure I do not order the burger next time.
This is one of the first restaurant i ever ate in when i moved from NY to FL. I have worked with Danny , the owner before in NY and knew i couldn't expect anything but the best from him and boy oh boy he did not disappoint. Blue Collar restaurant has a Veggie Chalkboard with numerous side dishes displayed to order. I ordered the Cauliflower curry and Sauteed Kale it was delicious. My boyfriend who is a fan of big portions , ordered the Crispy chicken breast with your choice of two veggies from the Chalkboard, he absolutely loved it you get a big plate worth your money and filled with delicious flavors it felt like we were eating at home at the dinner table Before i forget DO NOT LEAVE without trying their famous bread pudding that comes with a jug of milk , absolutely heartwarming delicious!
Just elaborating: If you don't know exactly where it is, you will miss it. It is attached to a motel and like I said, very hard to miss. The set up was really nice, after about a 25 min. wait for 2, we opted to sit outside (inside was really crowded and a bit claustophobic). We started off the cuban spring rolls which were absolutely delicious and unique and then the NY Strip Burger on a portuguese (thin and "doughier" english muffin) which was delcious with hand cut fries that were amazing. I wish it was closer to my house but you just have to make the trip!
Came by here for dinner on a random weeknight. The picture on the yelp page make it look much bigger than it is. This place is small, and busy. Parking is an issue, it's hard to find it, but you can go to the side streets. The place itself is very hipster, and they have rotating specials. The menu itself is not accurate compared to the website, but they have some of the items. The service is friendly, prompt and nice. They quote you wait times that are pretty inaccurate. Most of the seating is outside, so if the weather is bad you'll be waiting in a place without space to wait. We had iffy weather but risked eating outside. We split the burger (decent), cuban eggrolls (awesome, but small), and a salad (great dressing). Overall the food was very well done, creative, and excellent quality of food. This place is a real gem, and the raving over
The Hubs has been wanting to visit this fairly new establishment for a while now. We've heard so many great things about it, the visit is inevitable. We attempted to visit on Saturday after a show at the Arscht Center, however they are only open this particular Saturday, they had a technical issue. They were so kind as to call back and let us know they were closing early. My husband is persistent, so we attempted to visit the following day, Sunday for dinner. What can I say? It was worth the wait. We ordered a plethora of appetizers: vaca frita on tostones (+, yum yum different that those you will find in Hialeah, a little more artsy fartsy), macaroni & cheese with bacon on top (+, a tad spicy, beschamel sauce is heavy), Chanukah Latkes and apple sauce(eh), wild mushroom and goat cheese croquetta (+, done just right). Dinner was ordered: Braise (Brisket and Mash, scarfed it all up), The Big Ragout (totally different type of dish, delicious none the less), Shrimp and Grits (all gone!), Hanger Steak and fries were ordered for the kids in the group (Steak was cooked to order, fries were perfection!). Yes, after all that we had dessert! We ordered all three offerings. I really feel like you need to order them all. The espresso chocolate cake, every bit as wonderful as it looks. The cobbler, well not one piece of fruit was left on the dish. Finally, the Butterscotch Heath Bar Bread Pudding, oh my Lord! Over the top. It was missing the famed spice whip cream but it will make you take a second to regain consciousness from the on-set diabetic comma.
I got the veg plate with curried cauliflower, carrots, onions, and potato salad. The potato salad was... Perfect and... Not southern and gooey and yellow even though I also enjoy that. It involved more vinegar and warmth. The curried cauliflower was the best. Creamy and with a little kick. The carrot and onions paired well together. I imagine it's all great though. My mom loved the red snapper, fresh perfectly cooked fish. My dad loved the... Some meat special. I honestly believe it's all flavorful and tasty. Bread pudding is as described- caramelly and chocolatey and warm. Key lime pie was a fluffy texture (closer to mousse) but sour and lemony and fresh.
Went last week. There were packs of old white people talking about Palm Beach or Mitt Romney or whatever old white people talk about. Guess that means your food is good. I got some brisket sandwiches and my wife got a shit ton of veggies. There were some green mangoes on her plate that she wasn't digging (she was mistakenly expecting ripe ones), and one of the chefs came out and replaced them with something else. She was happy. I was happy. We all were happy. Especially those old people. Though, they're gonna die soon, so....
Got there right before 8pm and got a table for two without waiting. Ordered the Bacon mac and cheese, the shrimp and grits, duck mcmuffin, and the spicy oxtail as our main meal (yes! we were HUNGRY) The shrimp and grits = amazing is all i could say... grits was very smooth.. shrimp was fresh and just overall well done dish Mac and cheese = good but nothing out of this word.. but then again there is only so much you can do with mac and cheese ... I would skip this the next time. duck mcmuffin - this was quite good... i'm a fan of duck and thought this was done quite well Spicy oxtail = well done, the meat was falling off the bone, spicy but not too much (we got medium spice) and the mash was fantastic Deserts= we got the raspberry cobbler and the bread pudding.  The cobbler was good but nothing could compete against that bread pudding. Typically bread pudding is heavy and this one was light and fluffy and was completely in a matter of of just a few minutes The staff was attentive and overall service was great. Will def go here again and bring back a few friends . Highly recommend! TIP: parking is just to the north of the restaurant.  The motel that the restaurant is located has parking spots reserved for the patrons of the restaurant on the north side of the building
OMG!!  Is all I can say!  I went last night and I could not believe how good the food was and the service.  I will definitely go there again.  Its the next day and I can't stop thinking about going back.
This is the very first review I've ever written. I cant believe this garbage hole even has customers. Went there with my wife about 3 months ago and was just not coming back. I am a Foodie.Everything about this place from the guy dropping the door in my face, to same guy telling me to step outside, I let it  all slide thinking I would be  wow,d with the food. Ordered their famous (infamous) ox tail. $25 dollars plus, dont remember was maybe average. Go to Puerto Sagua south beach, Havana Harrys or any other real cuban restaurant and get the real deal for less than half that price. Mind you, you dont have to eat it at a motel where they treat you rude... Trust me. Someone has to be getting paid off.
Yummy!!!! An urban twist on comfort foods. Will visit again, soon.
Great restaurant concept, good food, knowledgable staff. Went here for lunch about a month ago. Moved in about a 3 blocks away recently. I always passed the place and wanted to try. It wasn't until my friends 4 other pastry chefs in the greater Miami area, including myself  planned a dinner. All of our food savory food came out consistent & a cooked perfectly. The price was okay for the quality of food. Now the here is where the problem came in. "Dessert" how ironic. We all new we wanted the Bread Pudding it was excellent, it can stand up to many top restaurants bread & custard concoctions. Our waiter who was actually a sous chef as well(very cool dude) talked us up on the chocolate cake with a glass of chocolate milk. We all decided to share it. Boy when I tell you it was just NOT good. We all agreed unanimously that it could have been one of thee worst cakes we had ever consumed. For the rest of our night our conversation was about what we could do to fix the cake. It was dry, very gritty in the mouth, it tasted like refrigerator, we thought our slice was lacking the stiff butter cream. It was definitely a fail. I would consider taking it off the menu effective immediately. I actually will comeback to the restaurant & recommend others. But I will be hoping to see that the chocolate cake is not offered.
Every ingredient on this menu appears to be selected from a true love of food.  All expertly prepared.  Highlights were the grilled asparagus, burger, and pork cheek.  First time, but intend to dine regularly
We were invited to this place by a business associate, and it was a perfect place for a semi-formal business dinner. It is a smaller place with both indoor and outdoor dining, and a small bar. They opened promptly at 6 pm, and finding us waiting outside, their host immediately came out and asked us whether we wanted a table. Keep in mind that they don't sit you until your entire party arrives; a little annoying, but it does make sense - the place is small and fills up quickly. They have an excellent choice of beers, albeit no drafts, and a small yet diverse number of wines to choose from. One of their most interesting appetizers are numerous vegetable entries prepared in a variety of styles. What we found most rewarding is the size of their appetizers - they were huge! The main dish portions are large enough to share between 2 or 3 people, especially if you elected to order appetizers. The service is prompt and courteous. Another interesting thing I noticed was as we were leaving the restaurant - there was a line outside, and each one waiting had a glass of wine in their hands. I thought it was so clever and nice of Blue Collar, to supply drinks to those in line. Makes waiting so much merrier! Our dinner took almost 3 hours, and despite the line outside, we were never harried or hinted about freeing the table. This I also considered a sign of a thoughtful and excellent service. Overall, our experience was great and food - delicious. Why 4 stars than? I would have given 4.5 start, with the other 0.5 star coming when I see the following improvements: Open earlier than 6 pm. Sit a party when most of it have arrived. We were 3 out of 4, and I think we should have been seated at that time. Serve filet rather than whole fish - we'd have loved to try their bass, but it is annoying to pick out bones under the evening lighting. And finally, bring in some drafts!
This place can do no harm! Although I have reviewed Blue Collar in the past and loved their dinner, I just had to take a moment to praise their brunch menu too! Had a lovely brunch last Sunday of their lemon ricotta pancakes and my boyfriend had the classic eggs benedict. Both were very delicious and the coffee in  the thermostat was a really fun touch! Definitely will be back again to try even more of the chefs fabulous creations!
Went on a Sunday for brunch, was not expecting where it is located! It's on the corner of a really random motel...but I guess it adds to the character of the place! My girlfriend and I ordered the Mac n cheese and added Rock Shrimp to it. I liked it, nothing extraordinary but it was good. Next, we ordered the shrimp n grits. I heard so many amazing things about this dish on yelp I was expecting it to be life changing...it was good, but not the best! Still would recommend it though! We then ordered the Duck McMuffin...I am not a huge duck fan so I cannot fairly judge this dish, but overall it was nice. The duck was a bit gamey but that's my personal taste. We then ordered the Brussels sprouts, good but I've had better! The piece of resistance however was their Bread Pudding! Holy sweet baby Jesus! Best I've ever had! Hands down! Must try! In conclusion, I think the place was cool. Service was great! But I think it has way too much hype.
This is a refreshing small restaurant that has a good chef that cooks everything fresh to order. I came here a few months ago and I think I will have to come back soon to write a more detailed review....maybe I will go for lunch today!
Upon arrival this review started off at 1 star (and well deserved) but by the end of the meal they jumped up 3 stars so prepare for a long review. My boyfriend and I went last January and for whatever reason he did not enjoy his meal. Since then I've been begging him to give it another shot so he finally gave in and we went yesterday for brunch. Parking is a mess so I dropped him off to put our name down and I drove around to look for parking. About 10 minutes later I parked and walked over to meet him and, fortunately, he had already been seated (the place was packed). My boyfriend proceeds to tell me how the person who was taking names took him to the table outside and just placed the plates and silverware on top of the menus and walked away, leaving him to set up the table. Not impressed! The waiter was very nice and took our order (lemon ricotta pancakes, the big ragout sandwich and the breakfast burrito). He then asks if I want blueberries with  the pancakes which I thought was a trick question because it stated on the menu that blueberries top the pancakes so I said yes. He walks away and puts in our order. A good amount of time passes and they bring out the pancakes and sandwich, which were for me. No sign of the burrito. About 10-12 minutes pass and I call over the waiter and ask him where the burrito is and he replied, "Oh, the burritoooo." and walks off to investigate. I'm already half way done with my sandwich and my poor boyfriend ate most of the pancakes out of hunger. The waiter returns and says that the burrito will be out shortly and as he began to walk away I called him back and bluntly asked him if someone had forgotten to put in/make the order and he replied that the burrito was overcooked. My boyfriend didn't buy it but even if that were the case, common courtesy dictates one should give a reason as to why your food has not come out. Anyway, my boyfriend is not having it and is already giving me the "I told you so" face. 5 minutes pass (I'm already done with my meal) and the waiter returns to tell us that the burrito will be right out and that it's on them for the inconvenience. That kind of gesture is always appreciated. He then brings out the burrito and my boyfriend said it was good but the eggs were too watery probably because they were trying to rush it out. He ate as much as he could and then we asked the waiter for the check. He returned with it along with a to-go cup of ice tea, which was the beverage my boyfriend was drinking during the meal. Second nice gesture which my boyfriend appreciated. I looked at the bill and the burrito had been taken off but I noticed there was an extra charge for the blueberries (2 bucks to be exact). Now I understood that he asked me if I wanted my pancakes to be made with blueberries which explains why there were blueberries in my pancakes and not just on top as I expected. My mistake for not asking  him to clarify the question but the waiter probably should have said that there's an extra charge for the add on. I didn't say anything about the blueberries and gave him my cc. He returned with my cc and a plate of their bread pudding which he said was also on the house for the bad experience. That right there, good sir, coupled with the other gestures earned you the extra 3 stars. I don't know whose idea it was but it certainly made our unpleasant brunch a little better. Unfortunately, my boyfriend said he will not return but I felt compelled to acknowledge their great customer service.
Service by surly hipster types appears to be the norm.. The food was simple but tasty. Nothing outstanding and personally not worth the attitude to get seated and served..
This place deserves each one of the five stars... I really didn't want to write this (very abbreviated) review.  However, my moral compass told me it needed to happen. You might ask, "Why not write a review for a great restaurant?"  Because they don't take reservations and the seating is very limited.  My last estimation was room for about 40 total, which included outdoor seating.  And I don't like sitting outdoors next to US-1.  The fewer people that know about this place, the better.  We make sure to get there before 7pm and never have a problem. The Veg Chalkboard changed my skeptical self how delicious vegetables can taste.  My wife, not a vegetarian, regularly orders the Veggie Plate.  I have enjoyed many of the non-seafood options (particularly steak and brisket) greatly.  I don't eat seafood and cannot speak intelligently about them.   I suggest looking at their menu before coming.  While eclectic, you might be in its blind spot depending on your mood.  Respectable beer selection.
Good? Sure. The best? Not quite. My steak was relatively tender, the fries were tasty, and the aioli sauce was pleasant and creamy. The steak had a nice natural flavor to it, but it parts of it were a tad chewy and stringy. I have had better steaks for the same price or less. The fries were not bad but I believe with the amount of grease they contained they could have been a tad crisper. The burger was not memorable; I wish it had creative sauce options as it was a bit dry. I have had better from Burger & Beer Joint. The fish, however, was quite delicious. It was flaky, light, and had a very slight charcoal flavor to it which did not clash with the delicacy of the dish. The service is outstanding. My main qualms is that it becomes crowded (forget getting a table after 7) and it is honestly too PRICEY for the neighborhood and what you get.
They excel across the board. A thoughtful curation of fresh and then they fall flat on their faces by using canned artichokes. When we ordered the roasted artichoke small plate ($4) as well as the roasted artichoke benedict ($14) we expected fresh artichokes. Their response, "we never said they were fresh"  and took the $4 side dish off our bill. 4 stars for concept and quality, 2 stars for customer service. Learn how to take polite feedback from first time diners and improve rather than defend. The fact that 2 of the staff members had the same response that was as canned as the artichokes tells me that that isn't the first time you've defended those dishes.
So far we have only gone for breakfast and it was excellent. Brandon's Breakfast includes French toast that was awesome, pancakes which were the size of a plate and the typical eggs and bacon. The coffee came in a thermos which kinda grossed me out. I cant wait to try the lunch. The parking is tricky and the neighborhood is not quite there yet...
We eat there Saturday nite. Excellent food , well presented with a down home feel. Superb waitstaff, warm and friendly. A real diamond in Miami's upper east side. Real comfort food in a upscale vibe. Don't miss it. Irwin & Judi B.
Used to go to American Noodle pretty often but hadn't been since they closed down, then saw all these great reviews on Yelp so decided to try it out for lunch.  I'm thinking dinner was probably the better way to go.  Service was excellent so that's definitely consistent with all the reviews, even got free watermelon today to kick off the meal.  The breakfast burrito and eggs benedict were just OK.  The hollandaise sauce was very frothy and buttery but nothing spectacular on the rest of the dish.  Prices are mediocre so value is just OK.  Overall I probably need to go back for dinner and experience what everyone else seems to be raving about..so far... eh..just OK.
The food is so very good. We enjoyed a veggie plate with curried cauliflower, artichokes (best thing we had), beets with goat cheese and kale (also delicious) as well as a jambalaya which was quite spicy but very very tasty. The bread pudding was stellar. I take away a star because the hotel where this restaurant is located is so sketchy and well... Less than desirable. It's not blue collar lol... It's red light motel style. The food speaks for itself but the place tells me not to come back at night
I don't see what all the fuss is about.  The place is pleasant enough as is the staff, but the food is not amazing.  It is a good value for the price however.  My friend and I shared a very tasty Marsha salad, then an order of average ribs accompanied by soggy vinegary potatoes (would have preferred crispy, spicy potatoes).  The asparagus was fine and the lemony roasted artichoke was pretty good.   I very much like that Blue Collar offers many vegetable options.  Two things I didn't understand were the fact the the "sharing plates" we were given were just a tad larger than cup saucers and that we were expected to cut the ribs with butter knives.  I will give this place another shot in a month or two, hoping for something a little better.  Everyone else loves it.
I have to add an update review to let everyone know that Blue Collar now has one of the best examples of Key Lime Pie available in Miami. It is fantastic! Just Fantastic! Maybe the best I have had all-time, easily the best in recent memory. The soul filled food can be rich and heavy, so the decision to add a lighter tart dessert was a great move. My go-to meals are still the Hanger steak and the Cheeseburger. I had the Mac and Cheese a few weeks back and it was delicious. My friend was basically stuffing herself full of mac and cheese just to get more of it than me. This last visit I went for a Cobb salad and really enjoyed it's freshness, still very filling too. The large choice of sides make it easy to switch it up and try new things, I am partial to the Kale, french fries, and beets with goat cheese.
It's a very small spot, but friendly and down to earth. I had a veggie plate and absolutely loved it! Ridiculously large portions. I could have split the veggie plate with a friend and still had left overs! It was such great American fare food. The only down fall is the parking. It's difficult sometimes when the place is busy.
We wanted to like it. We wanted to love it actually. The staff is lovely, hence the stars. The food is greasy, over sauced and overhyped. I am a huge French fry lover and even those were too oiley for me. Then- we smelled like fry when we left. That's a pet peeve if mine... I don't want to take the restaurant smell with me.
I had to go back to see if I was right about Blue Collar. Took my wife daughter and son just to see  if they agreed with me . Wanted to try the brisket dinner as the chef /owner Danny said to me it will be better than your wife's . Well Danny I should if married you as the brisket was the best. You really cooked that to perfection and the sauce was spicy and the only problem was that my wife wouldn't let me have another piece of bread to soak up the gravy. Everyone enjoyed their meal as my son got the oxtail which again was just the best . All I know you are a rare find. Thanks for the experience
It's as though my favorite chef in the world, my Abuela, started this restaurant so I'd have a place to take my husband and friends without looking like a spoiled, and dependent granddaughter on her grandma's cooking. (Gracias Abuela) It was a Tuesday night when three of us made one of the best decisions in our lives to try this place out. It was packed. Did it matter? No. We waited a few minutes before the nice waiter sat us outside on a beautiful breezy night. But who cares. Since everything on the menu sounded delicious, I fooled my party into ordering everything i wanted, so I can "try it." Ma ha ha. The Real Juicy Cheeseburger, which was a pretty damn good real juicy cheeseburger, was a real juicy cheeseburger...and the fries, oh my! The Vaca Frita Topped Tostones, were perfectly cooked and complimented one another like Crockett and Tubbs. The Mac with bacon was outta this town. I remember being really full by the time I got to this course, but I kept thinking to myself, I just need another bite...aaaaand the whole thing was gone. This is one of the few restaurants that I now feel obligated to return to until I've experienced every course in their menu....and then start all over again.
The shrimp and grits appetizer was sooo yummy! Thick small pieces of diced smoked bacon, tender shrimp without the overly-fishy taste, fresh chives and a cheese and gravy sauce lightly drowning the thin layer of "grits" was definitely a dish to remember. The chef brought it out himself and introduced himself to my friends and I, even though he was extremely busy and the tight space was packed with foodies. I really wasn't a fan of the Big Ragout sandwich - the red sauce was a bit sour and the fresh mozz balls didn't really compliment the various meats. The sesame roll that it was served on was warm and fresh though. My side was the asparagus with blue cheese - wasn't really that special as the asparagus was kind of hard and a bit over-salted and the blue cheese was not melted, rather, crumbles of it were on its side. I'd go back but only to try their dinner menu. Oh yeah - Chef Michelle Bernstein was there dining with a guest and a news channel was also there. Cool, huh?
BRUNCH!!!! The Sunday Brunch is to die for. However, a table is hard to get. Be there at 11am sharp if you don't want to wait. There is a new outside covered seating area along Biscayne, which should help with table space.
This is one of the best new spots in Miami, and a welcome addition to the upper east side.  Danny's food is fantastic, the vibe is very hip, and the service is great.  They have a great lunch and a great dinner.  If you go for dinner, get there early or be prepared to wait.  The wine list is killer too. The pork osso bucco is fantastic, as are most of the vegetable dishes.
This place is awesome! I have been here too many times to count and I always leave 110% satisfied! The brunch is amazing I recommend the breakfast burrito. The spare ribs are on point! I like to order dishes off of the chefs menu and the food is always amazing. The chef likes to come out and talk to you about your food and dining experience which always scores points in my book. This is a must go! I like the craft beer menu and you can expect bang for your buck.
Party of four.  All raved about their dishes. Rack of ribs...great.  Lamb Chops...great.  Hanger Steak/fries...great  Chocolat cake with milk...great.  Several menu items looked interesting.  Veggie board looks like a great assortmant.  Very small place...get there early, 6:30PM to be safe, no wait.  Service was good.  Food served hot..  Very worthwhile experience.
Modern comfort food?  Yes, please!! It's places like this that make Miami such an interesting and a fun place to be...if you're a foodie, that is.  In such a Latin-dominant town, it's a breath of fresh air to have American food cooked home style and with a modern twist here at BC. So many unique tastes and flavors.  Really like to see all of the vegetables they have...this is really a treat....their veggie menu is huge!   Service was friendly and very good.  Leave your pretention at the door because this place is anything but....very warm and welcoming here... Definitely looking forward to coming back...
Since you see I gave this spot 5 stars you know the experience was great. But I like to paint a clear picture so let me try and fail as I am one to do. The location is, let's say Fridayish (cult movie reference for you older folk). We had to park at what appeared to be an abandoned motel or a crack house. Either way sketchy is fun, right? So after leaving our car parked there, we have made the choice that this dinner is more important than ownership of that vehicle. Upon entering the restaurant it is quite small but all appear to be normal and civilized. Can't say the same for the pregnant hooker who was working the sidewalk a mere 5 feet from the restaurant. Her gorilla sized pimp at the bus stop across the street gave us great entertainment and stress all at once. Regardless, let me digress. The food is what it's all about, right? Well, if you answer yes. Borrow a friend's car (preferably a friend you don't like) and take a trip to Little Haiti. Park at the crack house, err, the restaurant parking lot. Run inside. Sit down and order whatever the hellz you want. I will risk my life again for just one more taste.
Daniel has updated the menu with some interesting items. Amongst the new things we loved two especially: fried smoked Gouda and crispy duck. Lots of places have deep fried mozzarella with marinara sauce but blue collar has expanded the subject in a delicious mustard sauced way. Gooey on the inside and crunchy on the outside! The duck dish was two leg thigh parts either simmered or roasted and then deep fried. The result was meltingly tender duck meat enveloped within a veil of duck skin chicharon! Unbelievable good and served with mushroom bread pudding and a subtle yet pungent swash of purple mustard. Hangar steak and big ragu delicious as always.
5 stars and of course I'll tell you why! I dined at Blue Collar last night with my boyfriend and two of my close girlfriends. All of us were blown away by each dish that came out and we tried a lot. We couldn't stop talking about how good everything tasted. Apps: Saffron risotto balls, potato latkes with roe, ceasar salad were all so delicious. I don't eat pork so I didn't taste the shrimp and grits but everyone else loved it. Entrees: corvina with quinoa and snapper with fried rice were dishes I would go back for over and over again. Veg sides: As a former vegetarian, I still love a restaurant that has a great selection of veggies. The $4 veg chalk board is great. We had the artichoke hearts and Brussels sprouts. Both were really yummy. Dessert: bread pudding. Ridiculous! We also had a really amazing bottle of Syrah from Mendocino County that was so smooth and bold. I kept the cork so I could remember it. This is a meal I am going to think about and crave. As my boyfriend said, it's the best meal he's had in Miami. Growing up in the area, it amazes me that there is a restaurant of this caliber here now. When I was growing up I couldn't have imagined I'd be eating dinner at one of the sleazy motels on Biscayne. Oh how times change! Blue Collar, we'll be back...over and over. Get our time card ready!
The food is simple but well flavored. The prices are fair. The tostones with flank was really good. The hanger steak was juicy and flavorful. The burger was one of the juiciest I have tasted. The bread pudding with the chipotle whip cream was really good. THey have many vegetarian options. It is a small place next to a MOTEL, that puts out fresh, and good tasting food.
came here for late breakfast and had the brioche french toast wit the bananas fosters sauce and it was amazing i defectively recommend this place, a lil pricey but the food and coffee make up for it
Great food and service. A very simple but tasty menu. Try the bread pudding!! Check out my full review at wayfarerprints.blogspot(dot)com
I haven't been for brunch before today and am super impressed. The pancakes were divine! I was also pleased on this hot summer afternoon to be greater by a slice of cold, crisp watermelon as a welcoming plate. They may be Blue Collar, but they've got class....
One of the go-to spots to take out-of-towners and locals alike, Blue Collar never disappoints. Yes, it's small. Yes, you can probably rent a motel room by the hour after your meal if you want to pick up one of the ladies (or men) who work Biscayne. No, they don't take reservations. But the staff is friendly and the food is consistently delicious, if occasionally a tad over-salted (and I love salt). The mac and cheese (with bacon) is among the best in Miami. The latkes are better than my Bubbe's and the Corben is not to be missed. Tostones are also delicious, however I'd skip the arancini.
Just love this little spot.   Situated in a super seedy motel, this quaint little restaurant has a truck stop/diner feel.    The menu is really vegetarian friendly, and I had heard about all of the fantastic side dishes, so I went vegan for the day.   I had the brussel sprouts, artichokes, beets and the sweet potatoes.   Everything was perfect.   I was so full, and I didn't finish my sweet potatoes.   The chef noticed, and asked if everything was okay -- it was better than okay.  As people walked in, the waitress and the chef recognized everyone -- lots of repeat guests.
This place sucks, it's all hype. It's overpriced for the portions they give you. Not worth the trip down there. The servers and managers are incredibly rude.
This place is the real deal.  It has a great high energy vibe.  The food is great and I love that you can pair your sides.  It is also very affordable for the quality ($60 for 2 people with tip with a drink and shared appetizer). The only downside is its packed and no reservations so be prepared to wait (the bar is too small to sit at while you wait).
Those braised lamb chops.... Exquisite !!!!!
Refreshing change from the disappointing rise-and-fall of ANB. These guys have it together. Went for brunch. French Toast with 'Bananas Foster' sauce; very good. The menu for lunch and dinner sounds great. I shall return...
My siblings and I  arrived here tragically late because we were close to 10pm closing time, however, they made an exception for us!  Yay! (My sister is a local Floridian and usual customer there) She raved about their bread pudding and that was the only thing we ordered. As we were waiting, the chef came out to give us a few cordial words and told us how his brother owned a restaurant in NY too! (We will try that place out one day) Well our dessert arrived in a warm large plate (as well as equally sized portion!) and we quickly dug in. I like to call myself a bread pudding connoisseur and in my opinion, I thought Butter in Manhattan had the best bread pudding I've ever tasted... This bread pudding gave that other one a run for its money. Blue Collar got top points for perfect bread pudding consistency (thick, eggy, and moist) with a spicy kick! Soothing the robust flavors were cold vanilla ice cream topped with whipped cream. Could this get any better? This warm, melt-in-your-mouth delight was nicely sweetened with butterscotch, not to mention, I detected some undertone of toffee-like candy. What was this secret ingredient? Aha. Heath bars! (according to our waiter) We all licked the bowl clean. Delicious and toothsome, I was wholly satisfied. My sister won this round for now. Miami scores the goal for best bread pudding ever!
Tasty! Veggie plate hit the spot. So good, the decidedly carnivorous BF said he wants to order one next time. I didn't try the soylent green, but I'll definitely get it next time.
I think I'm almost done trying the whole menu. :)
Delicious lunch.   The mahi mahi was perfection.   A must go.   Great value.
Just had brunch here. It took over an hour to get our food. And with no apology from the waiter or mgr. The worst part is that the food was not even hot. Also we waited about 10 min more for everybody in our party to receive their food. The duck Benedict is so over rated & not worth $19. I can't understand why this place would have 4 1/2 stars. Mediocre food & mediocre service.
We were just in town for the night and googled, 'best burgers in miami', and turned up this gem. Not only was the burger fabulous but so was everything else we tried---and I practically wanted to order the whole menu. Very fun menu and great staff.
I didn't enjoy it as much as other people, I've only been thee once and might try it again.
i've never had a bad experience here, everything is incredible!
I had goosebumps every time I took a bite of something new last night...seriously!  There are currently 390-something reviews for Blue Collar so I'm not going to add anything new other than to THANK all the staff for an amazing dining experience last night!!  A++++ y'all ! RUN, don't walk, to Blue Collar now!!  Best in Miami, hands down!
Great service and even better food!!!
Good food done right. Fair prices. Humble, unpretentious vibe. I'd call it a modern American diner, but I don't think that does this place enough justice. I've been here too many times to count now. It's probably safe to say it's my favorite restaurant in Miami at the moment. What are my favorite things to eat here? Well, for starters, the chocolate cake. Yeah yeah, I know many of you rave about the bread pudding. I've tried it, it's good, but this girl is a chocolate lover. I also love the Corben, the Veggie Plate, the Veggie Burger and the Vaca Frita Topped Tostones. The fries are so good, too! I have a lot of love for Blue Collar.
Had high hopes for Blue Collar given all the buzz.   The good:  Great service.  Attentive staff that knows the menu & isn't shy about making recommendations. The bad:  Food was not bad, but definitely not good.  Vaca frita tostones: tasty but meat was dry, needed to be dipped in a criolla broth before being placed on the tostones.  Clams casino:  great taste but too much bacon made the dish way too oily.  Good flavor, but a little restraint would have gone a long way.  The big ragout:  Lots of meat and the pasta was cooked perfectly.  Great dish in theory but again too much oil ruined the dish.   The ugly:  Heath bar bread pudding was so deceiving.  Description sounded amazing but whipped cream tasted like a block of butter and they included a spice that completely took away from the moist bread pudding.  Small space is VERY cramped and the parking lot is a recipient to get scratch & dent your car. Disappointed with the experience but willing to give them another chance.  Definitely not as good as American Noodle Bar was.
A BIG surprise for such a hole in the wall restaurant. LOVE! I'm a vegetarian and their veggie plate is incredible. You get to choose from a bazillion veggies on their list. The meat is great too, as well as the mac n cheese that my son had. The service is infallible. The hostess (cute girl with awesome thorny flower vine tatt on her arms) was the sweetest. And our server was the best - guy with the dark beard - was so great. Thank you, Blue Collar, great experience!!
If you wanna talk to someone who takes food seriously, talk to me! If you wanna talk about a hidden gem, then even more so!! 353 reviews and 4.5 stars, when I arrived at this place I was actually skeptical. In the middle of Little Haiti and located within a hotel, it looks less than appealing. In fact, I wouldn't have stopped if not for my boyfriend's recommendation. Well, have you ever heard of the saying "don't judge a book by its cover"? This is the epitome of that. The bacon mac n cheese was delicious and big enough to split among 3 (2/3 being very hungry men). Then came our main courses, I debated getting the much-raved-about shrimp and grits but, if you know anything about me, you know I love me some spicy food. I ordered the spicy oxtail - BEST. DECISION. EVERRR! So delicious, fall off the bone, VERY spicy oxtail served in a sauce with mashed potatoes. The spicy sauce enveloped the mashed potatoes making it the most succulent spicy meal I've had in years! My boyfriend ordered the big ragout. WOW! So delicious and so huge! So much meat, all perfectly seasoned. Though he couldn't finish it, I couldn't blame him and we were both thoroughly satisfied when we left. The service is lackluster, we sat outside and consistently had to ask for more ice for our water as it kept on melting. However, this place is a diamond in the rough and, with the right waitstaff, the sky is the limit! We definitely will be going back to try their much-raved-about shrimp and grits and bread pudding. Thank you Blue Collar for the best piece of oxtail I've ever had!
LOCAL MIAMI GEM!!! If you want comfort food priced right, this is the place. The Mac n cheese w bacon as well as the Shrimp and Grits are a must have for appetizers. I had the Ox Tails, Medium Spicy.....I have NOT been able to stop talking about that meal since...Love!! To finish off I had to go with the Key Lime Pie one of my favorite desserts and boy was I glad I did...off the CHARTS!!! This is a restaurant that you will want to keep coming back to.
Upon walking into the small eatery, one of the first things that diners cannot miss is the chalkboard that serves as the"Veg Board" that has a list nearly a mile long of tasty sounding veggies such as Curried Cauliflower Puree, Caramelized Brussel Sprouts, and Buttered Baby Bok Choy-just to name a few. The menu even offers a full "veggie plate" for those vegetarians in the crowd- although most of the veggie dishes aren't totally vegetarian friendly as they're loaded with tasty bacon-y goodness. Everyday they feature a different Parm, Braise, and Ribs which they also feature on a chalkboard. Finally, if you haven't had enough of the chalkboard theme, you can run to the restroom area, grab a piece of chalk and write a nice message to the restaurant staff on their wall-sized chalkboard. Blue Collar's appetizers are some of the most creative I've come across in quite a while, and they all sound so uniquely appealing that we could have had an entire meal of just appetizers. Instead, we simply ordered three. Our server played tie-breaker and happily recommended some of her favorite appetizers and entrees, which was extremely helpful because we could have been going back and forth contemplating several of the dishes forever without her help. For our entrees, we selected the Crispy Snapper and the Braised Oxtail. Each bite was exciting. The fish was perfectly crispy, yet the true flavor of the Snapper wasn't overpowered by the crispy exterior. Although the fish was pretty straightforward, the red curry sauce added the perfect complexity to the fish without overpowering it. The Braised Oxtail was one for the books, as it was truly a melt-in-your-mouth experience.  A knife was complete overkill because the meat simply melted off the bone like butter. The mashed potatoes underneath the Oxtail weren't too shabby either! Our friend Matt ordered the Grilled Swordfish with Mushroom Potato Hash and Purple Mustard. I didn't try his dish, but to say that he cleaned his plate would be an understatement. Unfortunately, we didn't make it to dessert as we were feeling the effects of overeating, although I still wish we could have ordered about 5 more items off the menu.
I love this place and will drive all the way down from Broward just to eat here!!  It's reasonably priced and everything I've ordered has been delicious, whether I've come for brunch, lunch or dinner.  The food is piping hot when it reaches your table and full of flavor.  The owner is also super nice and friendly and always checks on guests while he's there. Whether you're a vegetarian or not, you must get the Veggie Chalkboard because they have so many AMAZING veggie side dishes to choose from!  If you are a vegetarian, this is a great option and you will be satisfied (not your typical steamed green bean side dish, ok). Also a must: the burger.  I mean it is ridiculously perfect, and when you get it you'll know what I'm talking about.  I talked to the chef and they use a 70/30 blend as in 30% fat, which is why it's extremely delicious.  Shrimp and Grits, also yum! I've also loved their brunch specials - one time they had brioche french toast stuffed with figs and bleu cheese.  Yeah.
Blue Collar is a great brunch spot.  The portions are big and the food is tasty.  I really enjoyed the Veggie Burger and the Chicken Plate.  I'd definitely come back!
I am really torn as far as how to rate this place because despite the fact that the food really is great and worthy of a 5, the atmosphere/ambience does not merit more than a 2 (and that's being generous). The place is painfully small.  Needless to say, not only is it a P.I.T.A. when you are trying to get a table, it is also annoying because I really don't want to be practically sitting with a stranger.  Also the whole place smells like food.  If perhaps some people aren't bothered by this, I am. Between the smells, everything going on in there, and how crowded it is I would be inclined to believe that their inside space could be a fire hazard. There is also an outside area that is not bad assuming you like to eat in the heat. Like I said, the food is awesome but if given a choice I'd rather eat somewhere else.
We had a great meal at blue collar. It was a great busy atmosphere and the food was delicious. I had the ribs and warm potato salad $19 and my partner had the beef brisket on muffins $19. Very filling large meals.
This is a small restaurant but very cute.  The staff was so nice and helpful.  We tried the vaca Frita tostones and they were delicious.  I had the Mahi Mahi which was also very good and for dessert the chocolate cake which was so moist and delicious.  I'm looking forward to coming back here!
We came here on a busy Friday night, we were promptly attended to offered drinks and the opportunity to look at a menu. This place is legit, we got the Mac & Cheese with bacon, cuban sandwich spring rolls, ragout, and the bc entree salad. All of which was fantastic. The prices are pretty typical for a restaurant of this type. I will gladly go back the next time we are in Miami.
So many reasons to love Blue Collar... As a vegetable aficionado their "Veg Board" is easily the best selection of sides in Miami: caramelized Brussels sprouts, thick steak fries, beets with goat cheese, sunchokes with honey (which I'd never had before and were incredible), curried cauliflower, and about 20-something others. Four selections for $16 is a hearty meal I dare you to finish.   The details matter at Blue Collar, from the retro thermos of hot water you get for your tea to the Andes mints with your check at the end.  The staff are great and always on point, and they get five stars forever for being open late on Fridays and Saturdays (the fried gouda on their late-night menu is also amazing). Brunch there rules too, and obviously the only downside is that BC is so good and popular that you'll be waiting a little bit for a table.  SO glad I live up the street and get to enjoy this place on a regular basis.
Sensational food. Their duck mcmuffin is fantastic--great flavor from the duck egg and bacon. The burger was thick and juicy. I was not a fan of the big ragout--portions were big but I got tired of eating it quickly.
I had nothing short of a great experience at Blue Collar. The potato latkes were simply delicious - and it comes with 4 pretty large latkes along with this amazing applesauce spread. Yum!! My chicken cordon bleu sandwich was extremely tasty and cooked to perfection with a perfect bun and a remarkably delicious salad. My brother ordered a cheeseburger with great thick cut fries. And finally, the Heath bread pudding with cayenne pepper whipped cream - HOLY MOLY AMAZING. I've been craving to go back just for that. I fell in love!!
Just had the BC Breakfast sandwich and it blew my mind! Customer service is great  and theme is adorable :)
I have mixed opinions. I went for dinner around when it opened and had the best service and food! Went for brunch a couple months later because everyone has been telling me it's great. We arrived and were the first people to start the wait THANK GOD perfect timing! Within 5 min after there was a line down the block so we were glad we got there when we did! Our server was funny and personable but not very attentive. But hey it's Sunday and I had a mimosa in my hand so "I ain't worried about nothin'" ... Loved that they served the coffee in an old school thermos. I ordered the Grilled Asparagus with two poached eggs and parmesan plus my BF and I split the Brioche French Toast with Bananas Foster sauce. Plus I added a side of bacon well done. I was disappointed that my eggs, as soon as I broke them were completely raw. Not talking about yoke, which I love runny, but all the egg whites were completely uncooked except for outside. Also there were four HUGE eggshell pieces inside. Although I was turned off I didn't send back just because I hate doing that so avoid it whenever I can. Plus I was starving...and that trumps me waiting for a re-fire. On the bright side, the asparagus was perfect. The potatoes were cold... Bummer again. And the third strike which hurt my heart bc it's the best part of breakfast ... The bacon was very undercooked and chewy... Damnit! So basically I ate the asparagus and the French toast with plenty of champagne lol! The French toast was tasty but came pretty sloppy presentation wise and was pretty cold like it had been sitting for a while... I didn't complain so I don't know how the server/establishment would've handled it but I was too lazy to find out ... All in all I would return bc my first experience was great and everyone has an off day... Maybe the server was having a bad day, cook was hungover or having a bad day or both ! who knows ! But I'll be back sometime so 3 stars for the average of both experiences... Xo!
Just visited here for lunch again with two newbies to Blue Collar and we all licked our plates clean! The service was faster than last time and it was nice and cool despite a completely full room. The chef and server are so sweet and the food is spot on. Make sure this place is on your list!
Went on a Monday night and it was great. The portuguese muffins are awesome. I had the brisket sandwich, and we split a couple of appetizers. Highly recommended if you love modern southern food.
Only four stars due to the fact that their severs are so bad. Love the food- but I have returned and yes I'm a fan!!!
I absolutely LOVE this place. Great service, great food, great atmosphere. I gave it 4 stars because the place lacked space, inside and in the parking lot. I felt like we were sardines in a can when we sat down to eat. That still won't take away from the service, which was top notch. The gentleman who helped us was ever so kind with a splash of "take it or leave it" attitude. Which I think sometimes patrons of the business need when being snappy. On to the food! The prices were great. I had a nice glass, or three, of pinot noir to go with my grilled Mahi-Mahi, which was so tender the mahi fell apart with my fork poking it. Oh, I poked that mahi gently too.  I had the bok choy veggie and the roasted carrots. Holy jesus christ. The fricken VEGGIES! They were to die for! My better half had the "Super Tender Hanger" steak which came with fries. Now, I know this means jack but, I have a picky taste for beef. Only for the reason that everyone boasts that they have amazing beef but then when I try it, its just horrible quality. I come from a farm and I know good beef when I taste it.  My boyfriend orders his meat, steak that is, medium-well, which in my book should be a crime. Depending on the cut, I usually go with rare or blue rare. He ordered it medium-well of course and it came to our table medium-rare. Thank you chef! I love you! And he loved his steak. I took a few bites, myself. It was pretty damn good. The fries were well made but the veggies were much better. I will definitely come back to this place. It made me a happy gal.
Okay so they have some of the most delicious American made macaroni and cheese I ever ate. Like for real it was mouth watering, roll your eyes behind your head good. I had the oxtails they were fine just too sweet I wasn't expecting that but it was alright tender and well cooked. It didn't rock my world like I wanted it to. I tried my date's Jambalaya it was really really good the spices were awesome I was excited about that because I was looking for that kick and it gave me life. The service started off awkward like I got there and the hostess was not paying me no attention I was hey hello I'm here to eat and I have green money!! It took her a while to find me an outside seat but whatever she totally left my mind when my waiter came he was very nice and attended to my every need I enjoyed his service couldn't ask for better. One recommendation Blue Collar please get a new location with better parking that motel aint gon cut it I had to park at Chase and walk that's not cute when it's late on biscayne.
This is my favorite restaurant. I wish I went more often. The meat on the menu is always cooked expertly, but the stuffed French toast might be the best I've ever had. And I'm sorry, but the thermos of Panther coffee gets me every time. I finish at least two of them in a meal without sharing. The only drawback here is having to wait because the place is tiny, but I do so gladly. Well, maybe not when it's hot outside. But once I sit and order the wait is so worth it.
Took FOREVER to get the meal.  But it was decent once I got it.  I was with a party of 6.
Brunch has a whole new definition in my book and when i goto look up that definition you will see Blue Collar righ there with a bunch of pictures of their food. I felt i needed to update my review because it did it no justice, Not like this place needs another great review or anything...I'm just saying. We live in Kendall and Blue Collar is on 69th street and Biscayne Blvd....do you get my drift already...yes we are more than willing to drive 25 plus miles to get some great food. Are we nuts? Nope...we just know what is good. So my wife and I planned some rations for this trip to brunch heaven to ensure we made it over there in one piece. With the car gassed up, oil checked and tire pressure ok we were on the move. We arrive to our destination around 1ish with little wait. The place was bumpin as it always is and we were sat down quickly and attending to just as quick. :) Then the conversation got serious...a series of planning and comprosies were to ensue this discussion of what to order. Knowing how the portions are we knew what we were in for so we chose...and we chose wisely. I opted for the BC sandwhich which is made up of an overeasy egg, potatoe latke, bacon and cheddar cheese in a soft warm biscuit with a side of a fruit salad. You know brunch isn't brunch if there is not a fruit involved. Michelle decided on the breakfast burrito and her mom the french toast. As we walked in though we careully eyed everyones plate to see what was out there...lol Now comes the fun part - the details... My BC sandwhich was soo amazing i decided to save half of it for Mondays breakfast...the potatoe latke was perfect and everything worked so well. The bacon to egg to cheese ration was on point and delicious. The breakfast burrito came as well and was filled with fluffy eggs and stuff that was heaven in wrap! The hash browns  were so nice and seasoned it was a party in our mouths as we all took a try from our plates. The french  toast....oh my the french toast....jesus almighty wow!!!! All i gotta say is that i cannot wait to go back and begin to scratch things off the menu as we eat them.... :D
Great restaurant in a bizarre environment. Had lunch here reluctantly a few days ago. I ordered spicy short ribs which were purportedly new to the specials list and unbelievable (although I think it was a little pricey for the size and quality but don't take this as a put down - it''s not intended). Had it with fresh cut fries and snow peas with sesame and soy and bok choy.Wanted all 12 types of vegetables from the vegetable list. Everything was delicious. My partner had a veggie burger that looked great and other partner had pork and beans which he said was great. They loved it so much that they went back the next day. I am still craving the short ribs! Other plates served to the diners looked great too. It's a small bare restaurant and it's in a neighborhood that a few years back you would not venture in. The restaurant was a little tough to find,parked on side of connected motel and walked into the secure lobby thinking the restaurant was tucked in there somewhere and the motel lady was behind bullet proof glass. (It turned out the restaurant is across the small motel parking lot). I can't wait to come back and explore other great dishes!
This is the only restaurant that I am not afraid to try something new! Everything I've had on the menu is spectacular! I've had the following: Mahi Mahi, Cordon Bleu Chicken, Hangar Steak, Spicy Oxtail, Real Juicy Cheeseburger, Chicken Parm, ribs, and their famous appetizer Vaca Frita topped with tostones appetizer! I am not ever let down! Every meat has its own unique touch that only the chef at Blue Collar can accomplish! I wish this restaurant could win awards and I hope they make it to food network. Because this odd location has so many great reviews and it hasn't let anyone down! I can't wait to eat there again, even if it hurts my pocket a little. But every penny is so worth it!!! :D Great Service as well!!!!!! By the way, they have the craziest and most delicious brew! So grab a beer while your at it! Enjoy!
Food, glorious food. Very tasty. Veggies are excellent. I'm a fan of the rib(short ribs wer the best) and braised choices. Something different every day. The spicy selections are spiced with scotch bonnets to taste and have lots of flaver. The only down side for me is that it's hard to find seating doing the busy times but I do take out at lunch time. I haven't finished exploring the menu but that's the point. You'll want to go back for more.
Yumm. Worth the time and money. Unique menu.
Second time going here, first time i had the Real Juicy Burger and was blown away, even suggested 3 of my coworkers get it and they loved it. Today i had the Spicy Oxtails and its was delicious. This place is super cozy and everyone who works there is very nice. I will be returning again, and again, and again.
This is place is serious, come hungry.  Miami outlier for sure, when you put it in your mouth you just might think you're in an especially good Manhattan restaurant and not the parking lot of a motel on Biscayne.  Also, shrimp and grits is the tits but you really can't go wrong.
This place is intimate and quaint, with good home cooking. I've been there a handful of times and have always left full and satisfied. Whenever the owner/chef is there, he makes it a point to greet you and chit chat about the food. You can never go wrong with the shrimp and grits.
Blue Collar, you are one righteous restaurant. I love that you can come here in shorts and a T-shirt (highly recommended, as the AC is a bit overwhelmed with the bustling kitchen). Having said that; who cares. It was a delight just to taste your outstanding food. Since we had 4 people, we got to try just about everything (not really, and ever more a reason to come back.) The Corban is outstanding. The homemade English muffins and brisket with dipping aus jus (sp?)...OMG. Top that with the Latkes that come with it...Holy smokes! One suggestion though - offer sour cream for those who like their Latkes loaded. Fear not Vegans and Vegetarians. There are plenty of options. However, if you are a real Animal Welfare Vegan, I would stay away. At some point during your dinner, you will be surrounded by people chowing down on some form of meat or fish or... We had an order of the baby back ribs. Yummy. It's a small place so waiting for a table is half the fun. If you want a guaranteed place, come at opening time. You guys have won over this yelper. Although, I do have one request. Please, please, please make a kick ass NY or Montreal style Pastrami. Your place is just begging for this type of offering!!!
Wow, what a gem (I would rate this as a Zagat 26 for food, 14 for decor and 22 for service). We feasted here earlier this week and could not stop talking about the food all week. Every dish was a winner and was unique. It is as is the chef played with our eyes, taste buds and sense of texture. We started with Duck McMuffins and had fried risotto and a cauliflower appetizer followed by a brisket sandwich with potato latkes, a cheeseburger with crispy fries and scallops with a nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc. Dessert was key lime pie and chocolate cake. Dinner was $170 for three people which is roughly half of what we paid for dinner at the tonier places in town.
The air conditioning is bad. Real bad. Bikram yoga has little on Blue Collar most summer nights. That being said, I'll be coming back. a lot. I actually already have three times. Ever one to challenge ethnic boundaries, I hereby announce the Jews no longer own latkes. The chef here does. I have no idea what is in them ( maybe bacon - that would explain things), but they are ridiculous. I have tested this on two other Jews and they concurred. Bubbie screwed up. She was overconfident, she took it or granted. If she loved you, she would have worked harder. Bubbies are like the Patriots going into a Superbowl, but having sex with less models. They have nobody to blame but themselves and maybe Wes Welker. The big ragout is RIDICULOUS. If I could make something like this at home, there would be a news story about them having to knockdown a wall to rescue a 600 pound man whose flesh fused to the couch (and Geraldo would be there). The Mac and cheese also quite yummy, and the tostones fantastic. This man is stealing abuela's recipes, too! And kicking her ass! And the bread pudding? I found it an odd addition to the menu when Michy's place is right across the street, with a Bravo network chef's highly acclaimed bread pudding in the immediate vicinity. Props to the chef for picking on people other than your grandmother. And OMG he beat Michelle Bernstein. Handily. It is more like a chess pie pudding ( unfortunately I lived in Texas once so I know what this is) but my mouth wants more. So fix the AC, and stop picking on my grandmother. She meant well. But this place is great.
I am overall not that impressed. The food is good but in my opinon over priced   no need to go out of my way to a hole in thw wall to pay the same as other similar restaurants in better areas with nicer decorations.
Hooraaay! I finally made it out here! Cue the trumpets! Blue Collar is awesome! Came for lunch with Samantha L. and did not leave unsatisfied; delicious, delicious, delicious! Kudos! Everything here worked for me.  The pork and beans appetizer was awesome - the best part being the bread that comes with it.  Wow.  Sauteed wild mushrooms were so rich and flavorful, I was practically drinking the sauce they came in.  Chicken parm was also a hit - breast was clean and thick (but not too thick to the point of "gag") and the blanket of melted mozarella made it especially heavenly! The only veggie I wasn't crazy about was the bok choy, but then again, that's my bad for trying to eat healthy (and it was Samantha's choice!); totally my fault! And now, the star of the show: the heath bar bread pudding! AAAHHH-MAAYYY-ZING! Crispy and soft where it counts, chef Daniel Serfer really hit it out of the park with this one.  I would say one of the best bread puddings I've had. Service was great.  Chef even came out to make sure everything was going well - gotta love that!  Parking can be found on 68th street (there are some reserved parking spots for customers), and sure this place is adjacent to a motel, but who cares?! Don't be a priss and don't try to act like you don't know anything about motels...pffft! But seriously, all joking aside, this place is a little gem. I will be coming back with the ol' ball 'n chain soon to try out some more goodies - the mac and cheese, the ragout sandwich, philly cheesesteak, cheesy grits, and some more of those veggies! Woot!
Went for lunch Sunday and Monday . Yes it's that good! The veggie sides, oxtail, grouper po boy, Philly cheese steak and Italian are *****. deserts were great too. Upscale comfort food at very fair prices. No attitude just friendly service.
I don't live anywhere near Blue Collar.  I live an hour away so it's no easy task to come here for dinner.  I've made the long drive for dinner a couple times and did lunch once too and each time I leave Blue Collar I'm really glad we made the trip. I love that the minute you arrive the staff welcomes you right away and they are so friendly, even to the people that are not so nice.  I saw a lady walk up before me once and was so rude and pushy and the girl remained nice and smiled the whole time.  I don't remember her name (brazilian/venezuelan with cherry blossom tattoo) but she has been my waitress for two visits.   I have BIG EYES so I like to ask for suggestions because otherwise I order too much food and I can't eat too much.  The cherry blossom waitress always make great suggestions.   One of my favorites that I keep ordering is the shrimps and grits.  Lots of flavor and so different that the ones you get in southern food restaurants. I love my veggies and so happy that they offer so many different choices.  I highly suggest that you order a veggies plate as a starting dish.  You get to choose 4 different veggies.  I have tried the caramelized brussel sprouts, grilled asparagus, sauteed wild buttered baby bok choy, tomato and mozzarella cheese salad and roasted artichoke hearts.  They tasted so fresh and delicious.  Next visit I want to try the roasted beets with goat cheese.  It sounds so good. For my main dish on my first visit I tried the pan roasted corvina with aji amarillo sauce and red quinoa.  For fish lovers I truly recommend this dish. On my second trip I went with grilled mahi with two veggies that I chose off the specials chalkboard.  Gotta love those veggies. I ordered the lunch special on my last visit.  It was a chicken dish with a cocoa chipotle sauce.  It was huge and the dish was to die for. Anyone that knows me knows I **LOVE** dessert and **ALWAYS** check out the dessert menu **BEFORE** looking at the food menu.  Two that are I like here are the chocolate cake that is served with a glass of milk (how cute is that) and the bread pudding. On my first visit I told the cherry blossom waitress how excited I was to try the bread pudding that my friends told me about.  After I finished my fish dinner she just showed up with the bread pudding;  perfect end to my meal. Great food, great staff and the owner is the chef and he is super nice. Love this place and will keep recommending it to all my friends and family.
This makes this my fourth time here, and once again everything was excellent...including the service.
SOMEBODY STOP ME!  I want to keep coming back here and trying the veggies 4 at a time until I've worked my way down the entire chalkboard.  There's an impressive long list of vegetable dishes displayed on the board above the open kitchen. Let me explain-- I'm the most annoying patron on the planet-- a gluten-free vegetarian.  I can't tell you how many blasé green salads I've suffered through because I can't have anything else on the menu, so you can imagine my exultation when I walked into Blue Collar and saw the extra-long list of vegetable choices.  I was literally like a kid in a candy store.  They've got an amazing variety of innovative, seasonal, tantalizing veggies in every color, texture, and flavor profile.   I've been to Blue Collar twice, and both times, I've opted for the 4 veggie platter.  The first time I went, I got the Yukon gold mash and sweet minted peas.  I had resolved to try something else the second time, but I just couldn't.  The peas and potatoes are the penultimate comfort food.  I love them so!  I had to get those two things again.  Other things I've tried are the Brussels sprouts and the baby bok choy, curried cauliflower and sliced fresh mango with a little scotch bonnet pepper.  Wow!  So fresh!  So special!  LOVE! Aside from the best vegetables in town, Blue Collar has a quaint comfy atmosphere with special touches like Panther coffee served in a vintage Thermos.  There's an open kitchen, so you can watch the hipster wunderkindchefs whipping up your magical meal, and the service team is friendly and food-smart. Blue Collar is truly excellent.
Awesome! Food is amazing! This was the best service ive ever had. You need to check this place out!
I was sad to see American Noodle Bar go, but now that Blue Collar has opened up shop in its place, it's all good in the hood. This place specializes in meat-and-potato-type classics, but fancied up a few notches.   The chalkboard features the "rib," "parm," and "braise" of the day, alongside a list of veggies that will make even carnivores swoon. Make sure you ask them if you see your desired veg is crossed out - they had both of the veggies that were crossed off when I stopped in, but were out of 2 others. The space is small - about 10 tables inside with a few more outside, so if you come during a particularly busy time, there's probably going to be a wait. The service is very pleasant, and I was happily greeted by the chef, Danny, at my table, which I thought was a great personal touch. I was there for lunch, where the menu features a nice selection of apps, salads, and sandwiches, I opted for the grouper po' boy (I was torn between that and the "big ole ragout" sandwich, which sounds like an awesome pot roast on a roll, and which I'll likely order next time), served with fresh-cut fries, and a side of the caramelized Brussels sprouts. Everything was awesome! Portions were huge, so go hungry (or share with a friend)! There are some reserved parking spots on the north side of Biscayne Inn - look for the Blue Collar signs. Prices are moderate, but based on my first experience, totally worth it. I'm already looking forward to my next visit to Blue Collar. The latkes on the dinner menu are already calling my name!
Great comfort food and the sides.  But they can cut back on the oil when grilling the veggies.  Oh! when u order the chocolate cake, they bring it with a glass of milk.. how cute!! The place is nice but way too small, specially when its impossible to sit outside because of the rain or just hot humid summer.
I was pretty sad when American Noodle bar vacated this spot.  I actually poured some Ramen soup on the ground to mourn my dead homie. After eating at Blue Collar, I got over it.  Quick. The food here is seriously outta hand.  I'm not sure how I would categorize the menu, there are lots of different southern comfort foods, breakfast items, salads, and an ungodly selection of veggies.  Maybe I just call it GOOD STUFF. We ordered a trio of entrees: Big Ragout - The dictionary says this is pronounced  "Big Ragoo".  I have no idea what a "Ragoo" is but holy sh$t is it BIG.  This is not a sandwich.  There is no possible way anyone can pick this up and eat it.  It is a huge mound of slow cooked veal placed on some bread...and it is YUMMY.  This may be the entire baby cow on this sandwich.... Mac - This stuff is the real deal.  I know everyone thinks they have good mac but this one was crusty on top, creamy in the middle, and oozing with goodness. Shrimp & Grits - Glad to see some places repping the south here in North Cuba.  They say this is an app, but you can eat this for your meal.  Good stuff but the Ragoo and Mac were stronger. My belly was about to burst after leaving here.  Everything was so good I just could not stop eating despite my growing discomfort. This would easily be a 5 star review except for one complaint.  This place is incredibly HOT inside.  I know it's a small venue with an open kitchen but you should not be sweating profusely while dining indoors unless you are here with your girlfriend and your wife just walked in.   Not sure what's up with the AC, but it might have been cooler outside under the beating summer sun. Come here at night when it's cooler, but the food here is great.
Great food and flavors.  Everything is fresh and prepared to order.  The price is right too!  I will go back again and again.
Honestly, I just really liked this place. The size of blue collar reminds me of a great NYC restaurant. We loved everything we had and the company as well. If i could give 4.5 stars I would. Went on a double date here and we probably could have shared everything. All the dishes were large portions and great. We ordered the tostones and the latkes...the latkes were good, but my grandmothers are better. The tostones were great. The brisket, the cheeseburger, the big ragout and the corbina were great. The brussel sprouts were good, but I've had better. The big ragout being the best. It is massive and delicious. We were too full to order dessert. The service was good. Our waitress was EXTREMELY friendly. The prices are super reasonable. Parking is on the other side of the block, make sure to look that up or call ahead to find it...not the type of area you want to be walking far in.
Ever had a meal where every bite, of every thing you tasted, was delightful? Well, that is exactly the experience I had at Blue Collar Restaurant just north of Miami's Midtown district. Located in a side wing of a Biscayne Boulevard motel, the unassuming eatery is a hidden gem. While small and simply decorated, the fare is fantastic and the vibe is friendly. A friend had recommended the vaca frita topped tostones for appetizers, so clearly that's what I chose... And what a tasty (but not so healthy) choice it was. Deep fried plantains, topped with shredded beef and a creamy sauce, these crunchy bites were mouthwatering. Opting for a lighter, healthier option to offset the damage I'd already done, I chose a grilled Cobia with mashed sweet potatoes and sautéed kale.... Still equally delicious. Finally, so as to complete the circle, I indulged in a heavenly, multi-layered chocolate cake accompanied by a tall glass of cold milk. Let's just say I was in a food coma for the rest of the evening.... and enjoying every minute of it!
Excellent! but first there is this... The bad: followed my GPS' directions without looking for alternate routes. I was driving by myself and I pretty much caught every red light when I exited from 95 on 69th. Big mistake. If coming from the north, exit 79th instead. I was just a little nervous. I then drove right by it before realizing it was there with just non flashy signage. The other bad: No one told me it was attached to the Biscayne Inn motel. Yikes. Sorry if I come off pompous but WTH! It probably seemed worse because of my driving experience to get there but did I really have to park in the motel next to several shady "guests"? (other parking option is behind it. Yeah, that's fun when you are leaving by yourself!) The last bad: it was REALLY hot in there. Sweating bullets hot. From speaking to other Yelpers about this I gather they must have had something going on that night because it's usually not like that I have been told. This night, it was. My girlfriend and I could not stop sweating. The waitress said it just gets really hot when the kitchen is going full blast. Walked right past the hostess to meet my girlfriend who was already sitting. Wow, is it tiny or what? Tiny but it was busy busy on a Tuesday night. The little area by the hostess stand had people sandwiched in waiting for a table too. I felt lucky to have one! We ordered their Cabernet by the glass which was pretty good. We settled on just doing appetizers to try some things out that looked amazing. MAC- very good. I have to add that it specifies TRUGOLE cheese. After trying trugole cheese at Michael's Genuine last year I set out to find it and it took me almost a year to find it online. Some had it but not in stock. Even pro cheese mongers and shops I inquired with had never heard of it. Not sure what the mystery is with it but the fact that they have this here is huge! Quality indeed. VACA FRITA TOPPED TOSTONES- was I really eating this? Oh my...this was insane. I could have easily had two orders of this by myself. Yes, I can eat. Delicious. CUBAN SANDWICH SPRING ROLLS- such a weird combo but oh so good. Also a must next time I visit. SWEET POTATO PLANTAIN MASH- the least stellar of the bunch but still good. Probably better had we paired it with ribs or some sort of meat. BREAD PUDDING- a little piece of heaven. It's "close your eyes, mmm it and enjoy" kind of good. Everything came out at almost the same time. On my way to the bathroom you pass the kitchen. The chef asked me how I enjoyed my meal. Told him everything was delicious because, well, it was! The bathroom is towards the back and it's one big unisex room. Other than being hot, we really enjoyed our time there. I plan on going next time in shorts, flip flops and a ponytail ready to chow down! And yes, there will be other visits despite directions, motel shenanigans and excess heat. It's just that good.
A co-worker and I went for lunch and ordered the Shrimp Po-Boy and The Big Ragout.  The food was tasty, however the Ragout needed more flavor - salt, pepper, garlic, something...  The Po-Boy was good for flavor, but the size was fairly small for this type of sandwich.  Although our wait was long (~20 min.), the service was excellent!  I'm sure I'll be back to sample more dishes, since even the veggies looked fantastic.
Let me tell you about my favorite new Miami spot for creative comfort food at a great price point. Oh yeah, Blue Collar. The diminutive nouveau diner beckons off Biscayne Boulevard just after the attractive aromas from the southbound eateries subside. While the adjacent seedy motel welcomes its illustrious clientele, Blue Collar unassumingly occupies the corner spot. When busy, parking can be a bit of a challenge, but if your stomach's set on savoring the good stuff within, head around the corner or across the street for a neighborhood spot. The restaurant is so small, the vibe is so right and the food is so good, this place is likely to outgrow it's shoes quickly. And if my next return means a wait over 15 minutes, I won't be surprised, albeit a little saddened that the rest of discerning Miami found a seat at a local fave. Whether you're a vegetarian, pescatarian or full on carnivore, the menu is vast, varied and equally satisfying. There's an array of à la carte veggies that you can multiply to create a meal or if you're seeking hearty, meaty and generally gorgeous, opt for The Big Ragout (homemade Tagliatelle, pork and veal shoulder, brisket, reggiano, tomatoes). Everything else seems fit for a gourmet coal miner after a day at the quarries. Overall, this one's a must.
Everything is unbelievable here!!  A true gem. Easily one of the best eateries in Miami. Try the breakfast burrito with gruyere and chorizo. Thank me later.
Why The upgrade to Five Stars! Cause they Deserve it.   I Love their Lunch,Dinner and Brunch Menu! Their Big Ragout sandwich is my Favorite there. I also Love their Burgers, Chicken sandwiches, Hanger steak and eggs ,and their Shrimp and Grits! All their Food is Amazing and their Great Service can't be Beat. Chef Daniel takes Great pride of the preparation and food that he puts out.. I would recommend this place to everyone to give it a try!
Awesome vaca frita appertizer, my gf brisket was kick ass. My crispy snapper was the bomb and I love a joint that can do veg's. we will be back.
The restaurant is literally right next to a crack motel, but it's great.  I had the duck mcmuffin which was amazing.  The special was the crab cakes which were good. The bbq shrimp was whatever.  I'm spoiled, because I live in New Orleans. The shrimps were too small.  The vaca frita with the tostones were so good, and the orange mojo sauce is delicious. We had key lime pie and chocolate cake. I'm not big on key lime pie, but it was tasty. However, the chocolate cake was dry. I loved their beer selection. Will be back.
Delicious food!  Cordon bleu is my favorite!
I stopped by for lunch at the newly opened Blue Collar today, and was overall very pleased with the experience.   The new restaurant, headed by chef Danny Serfer, is in the space formerly occupied by American Noodle Bar in the motel at NE 68th Street and Biscayne Boulevard across from Balan's.  It's a clean and intimate space, with an industrial look.  Seating is limited to three at the counter, four two-seat tables and three four-seat tables.  There is dedicated parking on the north side of the motel. I was immediately greeted, and got my choice of table next to the window.  I made my order right away, and waited... after a while, the waitress came back and asked if I were ready to order!  Once she realized the problem, she apologized, and shortly after a dish of mushroom and goat cheese croquettes with fig-pomegranate jam was presented on the house.  The croquettes were great.  Creamy, rich mushroomy goodness on the inside, and crisp on the outside.  I highly recommend them. My entree was "The Big Ragout Sandwich" which was hollowed-out crusty bread filled with a braised ragout of brisket, veal and pork shoulder, with little balls of fresh mozzarella melting on top.  I was a bit worried about how to eat it without ending up wearing ragout on my clothing, so I picked at it at first with a fork, but once it cooled down a bit I found that the bread was sturdy enough to hold it all together.  The ragout tasted of white wine that it was braised in, and was deliciously rich.  It was more than I usually eat for lunch, but I couldn't put it down!  The accompanying fresh-cut fries sprinkled with sea salt were fine. The lunch menu included over twenty vegetables (!), salads, sandwiches and burgers, so most will have little trouble finding something to please.  I have my eye on the "Grouper Po Boy" for my next visit. Aside from my lost order, the staff was very attentive, from start to finish.  Even Chef Danny came by to ask how my meal was.
Me DEFINITELY thinks NOT!  This place gave the WORST first impression I have experienced in Miami in a very very very long time.  We literally didn't even make it  through the door because a waiter abruptly blocked the doorway and opened the door slightly to ask us if our party was complete and since it wasn't instructed us to wait...with little regard for anything else.  We were literally left out in the 90 degrees weather in the middle of a parking lot while they had about 7 out of 20 (nearly half; I couldn't tell you the exact number since i never made it insode) OPEN TABLES with NO ONE ELSE WAITING!  The waiter then proceeded to tell us that we were standing in the MOST inconvenient place and were IN THE WAY! I was mortified.  As a local and native to South Florida this did not fare well with me.  After giving this place the benefit of the doubt and writing the waiter off as an unaware, rude and idiotic moron I sought out to speak with a manager.  As I approached the door I was again barred from entering as the manager came out and stood directly in front of me blocking me from entering the building. He began reciting a policy over and over again without any apology or alternative and to add insult to injury achieved in rolling his eyes at us, not once but repeatedly, making it perfectly clear that we might as well had been talking to a phonograph because this person's lights were on but NO ONE was home.  I suggest the staff and owner of Blue Collar open a dictionary and look up the definition of Hospitality.  to be continued.....
I had to minus a star for the parking situation because there is one tiny little lot of a shady motel next door that is shared. We were lucky enough to get a spot there but I can't imagine how painful weekend brunch must be since this place is popular. The venue itself is super duper tiny. The service was very friendly, efficient and pretty fast for as busy as they were. Husband and I shared the burger, the Cuban Sandwich spring rolls and the Marsha's salad. Everything we ate was cooked to perfection and the flavors made my taste buds do a happy dance. Excellent food. Although we didn't get dessert, I was drooling over several servings of cobbler I watched walk by. Looked amazing. This place is definitely worth checking out.
Love it! Everything we had was fantastic. I can't wait to go back for the prk and beans. I recommend going with friends who like to share and everybody getting something different. That's what we did and it was a fantastic way to try tons of dishes. I couldn't complain about a single bite!
I'm really torn on this one... but I have to give it a solid 4 stars.  Blue Collar is all about extremes of good and bad - but in the end the tastiness of the food wins out. The Good: -  What really put me over the top was the Chef.  He was working hard cooking, serving his food and asking if we liked it.  That was a first for me and shows how humble he is and his love for his restaurant. - The service is spotty, but overall ok.  Waitress always had a smile even though she was overwhelmed with the crowd - Love the alternative sounds track. - Really inexpensive.  2 people, with minimal drinking can get out for under $50. The Not so Good: - The area kind of sucks and is sketchy.  No parking, so I suggest you park east as  west is a bit scary. - The restaurant is super small, so if you don't have reservations - you might wait a long while, at least for now. - Not a full bar:(  But this should not stop you from trying the place. The food kicked ass!  I put in priority order for you... - Pork and Beans - Signature dish and loved the egg topping - Eggplant Parm - Perfectly cooked - Shrimp and Grits - Really tasty - Chicken Parm -  Super fat, juicy piece of chicken - excellent - Asparagus - Great with the cheese - Croquettes - Great for sharing - Spaghetti Squash - Loved seeing this on menu (my Mom's is a little better) - Mac and Cheese - Nice sized portion and very rich - Beets with goat cheese- I love them because they had some spice and heat - Pizza Rolls - Kind of like a fried meat wonton with tomato sauce.  It was good - but not mind altering The desserts were also solid.  I think we tried them all and the stand outs were the bread pudding and the chocolate cake. The food isn't that fancy, it is just well made.  I'm coming back for some pork and beans!
Interesting, small space, electric, modern version of an old school American Diner, located underneath a hotel. The coffee was served in a thermos which was different and tied in with the "blue collar" theme. We ordered some of the veggies from the "chalkboard" which were all so good and made in an interesting way (roasted beets and goat cheese, curried cauliflower puree- yum) The service was a little lacking- not sure if it was just because we went during a busy Brunch time. (Also they were only serving the brunch menu), I want to go back and try some of the dinner entrees which sounded pretty good.
The MiMo district is gaining it's share of hyped up restaurants and Blue Collar is one name that has come up more often than others.  With all the hype, I wasn't sure if they could deliver. Located in a tiny corner space of a "shady" motel;  Blue Collar is an easy one to drive right by.... keep your eyes open. Their dining area is clean and simply decorated with retro "working man" lunch boxes mounted on the wall and large storefront windows, but low ceilings and awfully tight space make it a wee bit uncomfortable.   No worries because that comfort is re-established with a charming staff, open kitchen and outstanding food;  with an emphasis on "outstanding food". What an incredibly diverse menu;  so many choices and limited stomach space;  a peek around the surrounding tables and everyone has a dish that looks better than the last.   Vegetarians of the world can rejoice... I'm not part of their club but I appreciate the lifestyle and was impressed by the vast veggies list (more than 20 available every single day).  They even offer a "veggie plate" (pick any 4) as a main course for those veggie lovers. We shared a "shrimp and Grits" with with bacon and bbq sauce appetizer;  shrimp were a tad small but the dish was excellent and unique compared to traditional southern shrimp and grits. My main dish of "boneless chicken breast" doesn't sound exciting but it was cooked perfect and seasoned just right.  I chose caramelized brussels sprouts (sounds yuck but was so yum) and tomato mozzarella salad. Tasty, light dish. Also tried some of my girl's dish, "pan roasted corvina" on top of red quinoa.  The fish had a nice exterior crust, soft center and a drizzle of amarillo sauce (the perfect compliment of sweetness). We topped off our meal with "bread pudding".  It was like mainlining liquid bliss. Superb. After completing this meal, I now understand the location and the small venue.  The food and style is unpretentious and a move to a larger space in Miami Beach or Brickell would not only contradict the name "blue collar" but would take away the charm that made this place so perfect in the first place. Bottom line:  Blue Collar exceeded all expectations and lived up to every bit of the hype
Danny Serfer is an awesome Chef.  Simple as that.  If you live in Miami and haven't eaten here yet, you've screwed up, big time.
Best brunch I've had since I can remember. Incredible flavors. I tried the shrimp n grits, pulled pork Benedict and the amazing Heath bar bread pudding. This is going to be a regular spot for me each time I'm in Miami.
Don't let the location dismay you, this is an awesome find.  It was packed inside so we sat outside, received standard service but was backed up by politeness and food.  With 5 people, 4 from the U.K. and myself from Miami, we left 5 completely clean plates.  I had the artichoke benedict (slammin') with the brussels sprouts side.   All the vegetables/sides that came were equally great.  Can't wait to go for dinner.  The chef was super polite and even suggested similar restaurants to go when I'm in NY.
i went here for brunch..the oxtail was really good...i also ordered the bread pudding which is good too..services are great.. CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!
This restaurant was an amazing positive surprise.  At first, I was a little nervous about parking and eating in the area since it had been a while that I had visited this particular area of the city.  To my surprise, though next to a motel, the parking was plentiful on the side of the motel and it was clearly marked for Blue Collar patrons.  We walked around the building (just a few steps), and entered the restaurant.  The restaurant was very small, but clean and very welcoming.  Our server welcomed us and asked us to select a table for 2.  We sat and ordered. The food was amazing, I had the sword fish and my partner had the mahi mahi, both plates were fresh and hot (a huge plus for me as I like my food HOT).  The wine was also great as was the service.  Overall a great experience, I will ensure to visit again while in town visiting family.  A truly great surprise.
There has been white hot hype surrounding Blue Collar for the better part of the year and it was about time I experienced the madness. After trekking all the way down to Miami and taking a little excursion through Little Haiti I had flashbacks of Terminator Salvation. No wonder Wyclef calls 911 youtube.com/watch?v=KiNR… . As I approached the restaurant I did a double take. No way is this attached to a motel. It is. And it's small. Without exaggeration I'd say its a good 500 SQ excluding the kitchen. It immediately reminded me something out of the Lower East Side, but if you ask me, it's all apart of the appeal. The lone waiter, who at times seemed overwhelmed, did his best to accommodate a packed house. While some of the prices might not be blue collar, the atmosphere certainly is. It's indicative new age Miami minus the pretentiousness. From the moment we sat down to the time we got up, we felt complacent. The owner, who was very outgoing made sure we were all satisfied and left on a full stomach. We discussed local restaurants, some NY spots and even compared dishes, such as Yardbird's shrimp 'n grits vs. theirs--which is superior in my opinion. I'd even be willing to put it up with the shrimp 'n grits I've had at the finer NOLA restaurants like Brigtsen's or Emeril's. Fellow Yelpers Nick A and Trevor D and I have been deliberating our ordering strategy for a week and we finally decided to order most of the menu. Our motto, go hard or go the f*ck the home. Besides the shrimp n' grits, we also ordered pork and beans w/fried egg, rock shrimp mac & cheese and veggie plate that consisted of 4 different types of veggie sides. This was all the opening act. We loved the pork and beans, also very reminiscent of NOLA. The smokey bacon along with the sausage just completed the dish. The mac & cheese was also very good. Not too cheesy, though it had three different kinds of cheese that was a perfect marriage. The veggie plate was a little disappointing. I was not a fan of the sweet potato mash, as it reminded me of underarm sweat. The broccoli was decent, but seemed to have some tangier version of sriracha. The second act. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak being the true Philadelphia I am and it passed the test. I would have opted for a different type of cheese, as it seemed to have been the same trugole used in the mac. But the sandwich was hearty and definitely satisfying. My friends ordered the big ragout sandwich that was similar to a sloppy joe once it was served. Way too much meat, cheese and more meat. You definitely get your money's worth with that sandwich but it would probably require a fork and knife to finish. We also got the daily special which happened to be the spare ribs. Not the best I've had, but they were definitely substantial. At this point, we all agreed the opening act was the best thus far. That's not to say the meals weren't good, they were. But the appetizers were just that much better. Act three. The desserts. Wow. The bread pudding is no joke. I don't care how full you are, going to this place and not ordering the bread pudding might be criminal. In fact, it is. With a great lead-off like Rickey Henderson and a fantastic closer like Mariano Rivera, Blue Collar is well worth the hype and most importantly your appetite.
Excellent! Can't wait to go back!
Small restaurant off the beaten path.  I came here in the summer with my boyfriend and the inside was at capacity but we were too hungry to wait so settled for an outdoor table.  There is a small patio in front of the restaurant that is surrounded by plants.  It's a fine little space to sit but it can get hot when you're in 90+ degree Miami summer. For starters we each got a salad.  I opted for the Sauteed Kale, which was crispy and tasty.  My boyfriend ordered the Baby Iceberg Wedge.  For an entree I ordered the Pan Roast of Mussels (see photo).  This is listed under the appetizer section but it can definitely serve as one person's meal.  It. Was. Awesome.  The sausage was delicious and not at all chewy, and I loved the broth.  I forget what my boyfriend ordered since I was so focused on my own food but I know he liked what he ordered. I saw a lot of good looking food go by as we dined and I would love to come back and try more of the menu.  They also have a decent beer list.
Brunch so good, it'll cure your 6 month Yelp writer's block! Brought some friends here after a coworker recommended it at a happy hour the evening before (hangover brunch is THE best). Man, did I look like a hero! It was 4 of us professional eaters. We got a bottle of champagne, some OJ, and "shared" the artichoke benedict, pork n beans, meaty scramble, and the big ragout sandwich. What a feast! Though I say "shared" bitterly because, though we tried a bite or two from everyone's plate, we didn't actually share the whole meal. And boy did I want more of everything on that table! My dish was the big ragout, a "knife and fork" sandwich of tender-to-the-point-right-before-mush pork and veal shoulder and brisket, in hollowed out crusty bread, topped with melted mozzarella cheese. Outrageous. Sinfully good. But I'm not a huge meat person, so I would have preferred the artichoke benedict. Lemony, salty artichokes on a toasted ciabatta, topped with perfectly poached eggs. It was divine. The two other egg dishes were also 10s. The pork and beans, a baconey, sausagey, beany ragu, topped with a fried egg and served with dipping toast, was serious comfort food. And the meaty scramble featured some really nice Serrano ham and manchego, only heightened by the peppers and scallions thrown in (Ole!). If the food would have been exactly the same (awesome), and the service would've sucked, I STILL would tell everyone I know to go there. But the service did NOT suck! It was actually disarmingly friendly. The server was welcoming and charming (yes, in Miami!!!). And he made us feel super confident in our selections with his "you guys are gonna flip when you taste that" knowing smile. About half-way through our meal, the chef and owner himself came by to ask how the food was. We stopped chowing long enough to mumble "you're the man" to him and then went right back to stuffing our faces. The best compliment you can ever pay a chef, if you ask me.   When the bill for that "last meal on earth" kinda brunch feast came, we couldn't believe it: less than $100, including tip. ......... Guys, what are you doing still reading this?! Get your butt to Blue Collar NOW!!! Only slight criticism I can bring myself to share is that the A/C may have been faulty that day because it was hot. Like, sweating like a whore in church kinda hot. But nobody in that packed, tiny resto seemed to care, or even notice. Excellent food and a great vibe will do that.
The duck is the bomb ! This place is really nice to take a date because it's very small and personable, so you can have good conversations.  The food is amazing especially the duck.
This place is something special. It is so small and unrecognizable from the outside that it makes you feel like you discovered a real gem in the middle of an up and coming area. I've never tried shrimp and grits before, but when my mom ordered it, something about the presentation just made it more appealing than ever before, lo and behold, it was amazing!! It had crispy pieces of bacon went perfectly with the cheesy-ness of the grits. The vaca frita tostones were good. I had higher hopes for them, but they did not disappoint. They weren't served hot and I think that's what hurt them so much. I had a grilled mahi mahi with french fries and brussel sprouts. Everything was good.  I also tried the coconut yuca and that was an interesting, yummy, unexpected fusion of flavors. Good for a few bites but can then get boring. All in all, it was a unique experience because of the wide array of plates they have. Good prices for the quality.
A must for any foodie in Miami! Wonderful food and a very friendly staff. Small, but very cozy. Parking across the street us free! Always a plus!
I used to live nearby and saw them building this place but moved away before it opened and never got a chance to go until now. I went for lunch and it exceeded expectations. Friendly staff got us a table outside right away on this gorgeous day. Took me a while to decide on food because I was starving and everything looked great. My boyfriend got a veggie burger and mixed greens because it's the new year and he is on a diet. I got the mac n cheese. You have the option or adding bacon or shrimp. I got both. Totally unnecessary, totally delicious. These aren't bacon bits, this is full pieces of crisp bacon. Yes, please. Needless to say I didn't eat much of it because it was pretty heavy, but it was even better heated up the next day. Definitely will be coming back, SOON!
I am updating my previous review because the last time I was in town we went three times to enjoy their yummy food! I as always have loved their veggie plate, I mean if your a vegan it is the way to go ! They actually make them taste like candy and are not to be missed! One of the times I was there the manager actually gave me more mushrooms because she thought the chef short changed me , talk about quality control haha ! It was def appreciated because I could absolutely eat those veggies for days ! As for my boyfriend the one who was previously unsatisfied with his experience found a new dish and a whole new perspective on blue collar. He absolutely loves their burger and keeps talking it up to my brother to come and try it . The french fries also always look great, and they are always made in clean oil you can tell ! So stop in here if your craving just about anything , their menu has great diffrent choices that always look delish, but not an overwhelming menu with a million choices that screams all the food is frozen! Get their when it opens because it fills up quickly! Although the outdoor space provides more seating and was a great addition!
Going to a restaurant opening night is what I imagine giving birth is like... First there's the pain...Yes, it was a little crowded. Yes, it took a while for guests to be attended and orders taken. (Though in this regard, I was a little "preemie" since I was dining solo and ended up getting promptly seated at the bar.) Then there's the first hint of the baby peeking: Cracked bread with real butter on an old school bread board. The cracked bread even had that little powder on the bottom that I like! Congratulations, it's dinner!!! I ordered their boneless skinless chicken platter with two vegetables. Twins, I mean two chicken breasts, came out seasoned with a light and healthy citrusy seasoning. Joining them were my choice of maduros on par with those mima makes. Then you take your baby, er dessert, home! Take a piece of blackberry cobbler. Said pie had some citrusy notes contrasting nicely with the tart sweetness of the blackberry. It's heat was balanced by the cool scoop of vanilla ice cream accompanying it. A special congratulations goes to the doctors, I mean kitchen staff, checking on everyone. The sweet potato wedges needed a little of plastic surgery and just didn't feel right. No worries, early detection during my dining process detected this and they were gracious enough to sub out French fries hot and yummy! (Sorry for the limited number of medical analogies on this last line :)
Ok... to start off... this place is beyond amazing. Small, spot with ALOT of character. Went on a friday night, the place was kinda packed, but never the less we were instantly sat down. We ordered drinks, and they arrived on time (btw they have alot of craft beers & good wines so make sure to check em' out). We ordered our food, and after a quick talk with the chef and our waiter (they are really friendly people, down to earth - none of that Snobby shit from the beach) we had our food. I ordered the ribs, my g/f mahi mahi. My cousin got the burger, and his g/f the chicken cordon bleu (damn i sound fancy saying that). To sum it up, there wasn't anything bad.. it was all amazing. Seriously, this food is beyond great and if you havent ate there yet your missing out.
Best Sunday Brunch in Miami. And those pork and beans should be in the Top 10 Best Dishes of Miami!
Blue Collar is a bit tough to find but it is WORTH the effort.  Good beer selection and the food is amazing.  Unique choices...I went in for the "duck mcmuffin" and you should too.  Ox tail and short ribs are incredible.  It is a somewhat small space but I walked in at dinner time and sat immediately. If you are in Miami go here!
Just ate lunch at BC on a spur of the moment thing. The burger juicy, messy, yummy. Split a veggie plate with DW, grilled caramelized Brussels sprouts, grilled corn on the cob, roasted beets with goat cheese sprinkles and this amazing curried cauliflower dish. The cauliflower was pureed and some florets left in. Yuuuummmm! Chef/owner Daniel is a welcoming friendly guy who knows how to put delicious well-made food together with great service and fun atmosphere. We'll be back!
Had an early birthday brunch here on the recommendation of a couple of our foodie friends. Unlike their awesome experience - ours was just "meh." It's a small restaurant - a lil' cute in its own right but our meal was just so-so. The hubs and I shared a Brandon's platter which came with french toast, pancake, sausages, potatoes and bacon and we also had the roasted beet with goat cheese from the veg. board. The pancake was under done -though the hubs thought the oozing was their twist on pancakes by having a butter sauce in the middle. We wish! It was our fault for ordering what we did but we just presumed that the chef was going to provide a unique presentation on an ordinary breakfast. It was an ORDINARY breakfast however we haven't ruled them out. We'll come back for dinner and see if they blow our socks off then. Here's to a better review!
Finally! I've been trying to convince my wife to try BC, but due to a few reasons, we managed to stay away as long as we did. Here are the detractions: its somewhat shady that its inside/adjacent to a sleazy motel. There's not a lot of space, so seating is very crouched. Finally, no full bar. All those things aside, this place has such a great feel to it. You can instantly tell that there's a lot of pride in what they do. We will be back, but for now we tried: Big Ragout w/ fries - not quite what I expected...its like a "ropa vieja" in a sandwich. Kinda messy (although, I was really hungry, so that may be my fault.) I liked it though, especially the amazing fries. Wife had grilled chicken w/ brussel sprouts and grilled artichoke hearts. She seemed to enjoy her meal as well. We happened to go by during brunch, and I'm regretting not ordering something from their breakfast menu, as the plates going by looked delicious!
Went here for dinner and had a blast. The Chef was very personable and personally checked on every table. The place was packed and I could definitely feel the good vibes of the restaurant. Food was awesome. You absolutely have to order the Shrimp N Grits and the burgers are solid. What can I say? This place has good food and great times ahead of it. I wouldn't be suprised if they moved to a bigger location. Definitely a great find and did I see Lebron there? Will be back for sure...
Amazing! The food, the service, everything about this place is amazing. We ordered a few different appetizers including vaca frita topped tostones (which were out of this world!!) the latkes, and shrimp and grits. I don't even like shrimp, nor do I like grits and somehow this Blue Collar dish made my taste buds go wild. I also ordered "the Corben" as my entrée and was very satisfied. I can't wait to see what their brunch has to offer!
Just thinking of the name puts a smile on my face, and thats what you can expect when you dine at Blue Collar: the best comfort food in the area. If you are't careful, you might miss it as you drive by it, but let this deceive you, once you open the door to this quaint and cozy environment, you will never miss it again. The decor is themed and kitschy, like an old workers food kitchen, with the specials written in chalk on a big board hanging on top of the counter. Word to the wise, it is a small establishment and it gets packed almost immediately, specially for brunch, so plan ahead and be prepared. My boo and I had a lovely breakfast date that consisted of the most amazing shrimp and grits I've tasted in the area, and a side of the buttered baby bock -choy which were just sublime. Danny put his big boy pants on and went head in for the Big Ragout Sandwich, which was properly sold to us by our server when she started describing in detail what it took to slow cook that brisket, pork and veal shoulder. Say no more mon amour.
I want to order everything on Blue Collar's menu. Went at opening (6pm) on a Tuesday and we thought we'd be the only ones there - we were wrong. The place quickly filled. Open kitchen, cute concept, elevated comfort food. Everything was seasoned perfectly. The chef is right there asking how things taste, the service great. Best cauliflower (curried) I've ever had. Can't wait to go back.
Different story today!  very friendly and polite hostess. Still had to wait like 45 minutes (hence the 4 stars), but is Sunday and it's worth it! We tried the artichoke Benedict and the pulled pork Benedict, with homemade french fries as a starter. Everything was delicious and abundant!! Definitely coming back for more!
I'm glad I read reviews for Blue Collar before heading there. I grew up in North Miami, so I knew exactly where it was once people mentioned "attached to Biscayne Inn motel," but it's still good to know these things before you arrive somewhere! There's limited parking in the motel lot, but since we arrived right at 11am on Saturday when they open, we were fine (alternatively, you can park on the street behind). I waited about 5 minutes for my friend to arrive, and about 20 people showed up between 11:00 and 11:05am! No kidding. These people know what they're doing. The place was almost filled up by the time we were ready to sit! We got ourselves settled and admired the quaintness of the inside of Blue Collar. It has a small-town feel that I don't get often in Miami. Service was prompt and patrons all seemed a touch friendlier and more open than your average 305-er (as a Miami native, I'm including myself in there!). The people at the two tables sandwiching us both engaged us in brief, pleasant conversation. As for food, I had the Meaty Scramble, which had serrano ham and manchego cheese and was a very unique and tasty dish. It came with toast and fruit salad. It's not a particularly large portion, but it's so meaty I was full before I finished the whole thing. Brunch is a hard meal for me to judge a restaurant by, because I always kind of feel like I could make it at home. However, their ingredient combinations were so unique, there were many things on the menu I wanted to try. This dish definitely intrigued me enough to encourage me to return for lunch or dinner.
I just had one of the best meals in recent memory at Blue Collar. What a gem. Every dish we ordered was fabulous. Even the side dishes stood out. Delicious skirt steak, osso bucco, snapper, Swordfish, baby back ribs. Great homemade french fries and home fries. Warm chocolate cake to die for. And then there's the bread pudding. Or should I say the TO-DIE-FOR bread pudding. Save room for it! Super attentive service. Reasonably priced. Perhaps the only negative is limited seating, but we were seated immediately. Can't wait to go back.
Although the neighborhood isn't the best and me and my boyfriend didn't have the best experience when it came to parking.... I must say this spot is just soooooo worth coming. It's worth the wait and the small spot makes it feel so exclusive. Daniel, the chef/owner has a HIT and I just love the snapper with fried rice and curry sauce and all the items available on the veggie board is sooo good! The meals are cooked to perfection and the deserts are oooohhhhh soooo good! The service is good and Daniel takes the time to greet you if its not to busy. What a personal touch! I must say that when Daniel saw me taking off the skin from my Red Snapper he personally came and mentioned to me that next time I can request it without it and he'll be happy to take it off. That was just amazing to me! Such a great spot for dinning just wish there was security for parking. Overall, worth taking your lover or family and friends to this unique American style dinning spot!
F'ing delicious. Reasonable prices, low key - no BS, good service. Tops: Mac N Cheese (with bacon) Vaca Frita Tostones Fries (salty, soft and crunchy) Veal Parm The mother f'ing bomb = Bread Pudding - DAMN! Will be back soon.
This is my favorite restaurant in Miami. When I leave Blue Collar and pass by a number of other restaurants on my way home, I actually pity the people eating in them. Because they are not eating at Blue Collar. It's that good. Although I've been many times for brunch, lunch and dinner, I have not yet tried everything on the menu, but I do have favorites I can personally vouch for: pork and beans (my preferred breakfast), the cheeseburger (which I also consider the best cheeseburger in Miami), and from the veggie menu (offerings vary according to season) a tie between caramelized cippolini and the watermelon cucumber salad with mint and spiced honey. Did I mention the insanely delicious Panther coffee offered up in old-school plaid thermoses? On top of consistently top-notch food and drink, the atmosphere is delightfully unpretentious. Finally, the quality price ratio is excellent.
I had bookmarked this spot months ago anticipating the day I'd get a chance to try the Big Ragout Sandwich that many yelpers rave about in their reviews accompanied with their amazing looking photos of this dish. After I was seated and comfortable - excited to place my order, I was told by our nice young man waiter that, 'sorry but they ran out of the Big Ragout Sandwich'. I wanted to flip out but I kept my cool and thought to myself, 'is there anything else I'm curious to try?' There was one other thing I have been wanting to try. I asked my waiter if they are offering the Spicy Oxtail? He said that is only offered sometimes with their daily specials but it's not offered today. He mentioned he did not even think they have any oxtail in stock as they order it in advance when they plan on featuring it on their daily's. I was so sad! But I did not give up! I asked my waiter if he can please double check with the kitchen if their is anyway they can prepare the special Spicy Oxtail for me as I did not want my trip here to be in vain as those two dishes was the only two entrees that had my interest. My waiter said he will inquire for me. Five minutes later, my waiter returned with fantastic news, they had some oxtail in supply so they will make it for me. Whoo-hoo!! Now I'm happy. I hoped it was worth the trouble. My waiter asked if I'd like it mild, medium or hot spicy? I though how hot could it be? I like spicy. My waiter warned me hot is very hot so I went the safe route and got it medium. The moment of truth came when they placed the plate down before me. It was very delicious and tender big pieces of stewed oxtail. Three large pieces and one small piece. The spice level was nice, it had some kick but without being overpowering or mercilessly uneatable. I was happy with the medium spice level. It was served with mashed potatoes (which was good) and a slice of bread (that tasted stale). I left the bread alone and devoured the succulent oxtail meat with the creamy mashed potatoes together. Great job! The cost was $25 for the Oxtail special. It's pricy but worth a try in my opinion.
Biscayne north of downtown just keeps getting sweeter and sweeter.   American Noodle Bar, I miss you so...but your absence is easier to swallow with Blue Collar to take your place. I must say that everything on the menu sounds delectably delicious (helloooo alliteration!), but when I scrolled down to the vegetables I started drooling instantly. You can order a veg plate, which allows you to sample 4 of any vegetable you'd like.  I chose: beets n goat cheese, warm bacony vinegary potato salad, grilled asparagus, and of course, brussel sprouts. Oh brussel sprouts, perhaps the most underestimated vegetable of my childhood... why did my mother refuse to serve these to me?! You are so crisply delicious when made right, I want to eat you forever. Blue collar makes some killer ones, too.   Service? Fantastic.  Beer selection? Small but mighty. Company? Wonderful. This was a randomly great lunch experience which I hope to repeat again in the near future!
service stinks, the help makes you feel like you're imposing on their good time.... it's unfortunate because the food is good and the prices are reasonable. Hopefully they'll get some staff that care about the customers before they go out of business!
Small and you can miss it, if you are not careful but this joint is the place to be. Food-really good! Service-dope! Experience-uniquely memorable! **Note: This place is ideal for 2nd, 3rd and 4th dates...it's pricey, so, make sure that you really like the person that you bring here...you know, like it's an investment for a potential good relationship! Anyway! Check it...I ordered the Brioche French Toast, which was good and tasty but the sausages was even better, I mean "off the hook!" status. I even tried their special Oxtails with mashed potatoes, which was pricey but "crazy" delicious!!! The cooks and the servers were "mad" cool, friendly and accommodating! I'll BE BACK!!!!
It's been 3 weeks since I brunched at Blue Collar and I'm still fantasizing about their bananas foster french toast---and i don't even like bananas! The rest of their brunch menu sounded spectacular, and I can't wait to try at least 4 other dishes. Sure it's attached to a motel and tiny, but all of that is quickly ignored as soon as you get a taste of their cooking! The portions are large, and the prices are small--- both my belly and my wallet were happy! If you're looking for great service and even better food, check them out!
So far we were passed up for a table even though we arrived before the people that were seated first.  So it's not looking good for the service at this place. Seems like the past reviews on service are correct. Hopefully the food will outshine. Well we were placed in the area of the waitress that seated her friends first so this will be real fun. Oops she forgot our drinks not once but three times and finally saw she forgot on the third try. Hmm not much of a special experience so far. The first course of the chicken cordon bleu was over cooked see pic. We sent it back and the chef personally brought it out with his apologies.  The second was better. Ok they just redeemed themselves by comping both entrees. The dessert was the best part. I guess my complaint is is if your a seasoned chef and you would serve over cooked food to a patron maybe think first would I serve this to my family. Most of the time I would say they wouldn't.  I will give this place a second chance.
Worth every single star !!! We were in this part of town in Miami from our more northern stopping grounds and it's not everyday you get to eat at Blue Collar. I originally visited Blue Collar many moons ago when they first opened, that was my first and only time there and I remember my experience being nothing short than amazing ! So I told the girlfriend we are going... Needless to say I didn't get any complaints :) We arrived about 20 minutes before there brunch was over at or around 3:00pm. We waited for about 15 minutes which wasn't bad for seating. Now if you have never been to Blue Collar, you might ask your self, it's in a Motel?   It's right on the corner of a small motel on Biscayne Blvd. Now don't worry I can assure you it's going to be worth it. This is more of a dive and a hidden gem in the city. While it's small in size its stature stands tall, so rest assured its worth it. Looking at the menu, I was literally perplexed. Not in a negative way, but I just saw so many things on the menu that I wanted it was a shame I couldn't order more. I can tell you it was very creative. From the Shrimp N' Grits to the Pork N' Beans everything on the menu looked delicious. However, I went with the Pulled Pork Benedict. Let me tell you it might had been one of the better pulled pork dishes I have ever had. The dish was paired with seasoned sautéed potatoes which were amazing they were soft in the middle but crisp on the outside, these puppies were seasoned perfectly with onions and peppers. Now this isn't your regular grandmother's pulled pork. Oh No...  This puppy was mounted on Jalapeño Cornbread with Pulled Pork and two Pouched Eggs on top. The cornbread was soft and flakey and had a kick to it when you bite into it. The pulled pork was so tender and glazed with a BBQ/Mayo dressing which was an amazing combination with the pouched eggs on top. My favorite part about this dish is when you cut into the egg with your fork and let the yolk drip down into that tender pork and soft cornbread and then take a spoon full in your mouth its heaven sent let me tell you how all those flavors just make your taste buds crave for more. Everything on the dish just goes together perfectly. Then hit the nail on the head with this dish. Great Job!
How do you explain ranking a meal in your top five when you had a simple meal of a burger, fries, tostones topped with vaca frita, bread pudding and coffee? Well for my husband Blue Collar did just that. The place is tiny and not stroller friendly so we had to wait about 30 minutes (which became 45minutes) for a table to accommodate our sleeping baby situation.  But the beer selection and great company in waiting made the time fly by. We were seated right in front of the action, moments later greeted by Chef/Owner Danny, owner chats always makes me happy, and orders were quickly taken. Another beer and out came our apps. Not sure exactly what the sauce was on top of the tostones topped with vaca frita but they should put that **it on everything!  We split a burger (it was a good size but we're light eaters) which was a tad bit more medium-well than medium but it was still super juicy. The side of homemade fries brought back childhood memories of abuela prepping potatoes in the kitchen and frying up some fresh fries for a quick afternoon snack. Absolutely DELISH! We weren't too sure about dessert being that we are not into sweets and definitely not into bread pudding but after the urging of our waiter and the promise that he would eat it and foot the tab if we didn't like it we figured, what the hell, bring us some bread pudding! Oh and some coffee please. Then it happened.....the thing that occurs when you realize you have just had one of the best meals in a long **s time because everything was so darn good (including the service) from beginning to end. They brought us a thermos full of Panther coffee (locally roasted and oh so good) and a glass jar of thick cream (which we were later told was just half and half kept really cold-lesson: what you serve things in and temps do matter) along with a piece of hot bread pudding topped with what I think was ice cream but melted too quick. I now LOVE BREAD PUDDING!!! Holy smokes!!!! Whatever you do to it don't stop! It was flipping amazing! Paired with probably the best cup of coffee we had EVER had; we were two smiling fools sitting at our table waiting for the bill. Can't wait to go back with the big kids for ribs and then go back again for brunch and then again for lunch and then again and again and, well, you get it. Make room Danny, we're bringing the clan!
Best place on Biscayne! You must go! The chef has put a lot of "love" in the food and he serves his heart on every plate.  My partner and I have eaten there 6 times in the past 3 weeks and we're dying to go back again! The weekend brunch is amazing! Best lemon ricotta pancakes ever! If he has the pork chops on special, please try them.  It was well worth the price and the onion bacon jam was delicious! Don't skip the dessert! The Heath bread pudding and fruit cobbler are worth twice what they charge. Great food, fair price, amazing service, wonderful chef!
First time at BC! After hearing all over town about this place, we were able to find a night that didn't have a huge line out the door! We were welcomed by a very nice server with an amazing Tuxedo print T-Shirt! Love the Uniform. He was extremely knowledgeable about the specials, the way things were prepared and the available sides. He made some good recommendations. We ordered: the Beets & Goat cheese, the Mozzarella & Tomatoes salad  to start! Our Entrees were the Spare Ribs & the Grilled Mahi-Mahi with the Curry Cauliflower puree (talk about a quick trip to India with every bite) & the Caramelized Brussels Sprouts. Food came quick, plated well and with great flavor! I wish I was overly excited now that I finally had the BC experience... I'am just excited I was able to finally try it... Definitely going back for Brunch soon!!!
I enjoyed everything I tried (and as a notoriously picky eater that isn't an easy feat). At the table we had the vaca frita tostones, the saffron aroncini, bacon mac and cheese, hanger steak [cooked perfectly! At the table we ordered one blue, one medium rare and one well, all of us found the meat tender and done exactly as wanted] with sweet potato plantain mash, and the baby iceberg wedge. We all enjoyed everything and want to come back for lunch soon. It's the sort of place where there are so many good options it's difficult to decide what to order. The portions are large, I suggest splitting appetizers family style and splitting a main between two people. I took off a star for two reasons: the restaurant itself is on the small side, so expect a possible wait, and it took our food a while to come out. Still a wonderful meal :)
I've heard a lot of buzz about this place since it opened, and I was really in the mood for some veggies when my mom offered to take me out to lunch today, so I suggested Blue Collar. The place is pretty small, but charming and the service was excellent. We arrived just before they closed for dinner prep, so there was only one server around, but he was very attentive, friendly and helpful. My mom and I wanted to share a few dishes, and I knew I wanted a veggie plate, so the server suggested a few items but warned us to save room for dessert because their bread pudding "is unlike anything you've ever tried". So with his recommendation we went for the shrimp and grits. I was nervous because grits can be a bit tricky, but I shouldn't have worried because these were cooked and seasoned perfectly, as were the shrimp (the dish also included Nueske's bacon, which is always a terrific idea, but it was especially harmonious in this dish). We also got the veggie platter with the curried, pureed cauliflower, the caramelized brussel sprouts, the roasted artichoke hearts with lemon aioli, and the warm, roasted beets with goat cheese. Oh my god, I love vegetables, and this platter was the holy grail of veggie goodness. I will say, I was a little disappointed with the lack of presentation at first, but that was quickly forgotten as soon as I took a bite of the cauliflower--it was so flavorful without being overwhelming. And the lemon aioli really complimented and enhanced the flavor of the artichoke hearts while the beets and goat cheese were both delicious separately, but when combined...perfection. We finished off every bit of our dishes, unable to declare a clear favorite. And then...dessert. When I say I love dessert, it's like saying "oh yeah, oxygen is pretty cool I guess". What I'm saying is, I cannot live without dessert. And this dessert is a uniquely amazing combination of flavors. Butterscotch, Health Bar Bread Pudding with Chili infused Whipped Cream. Seriously, it's like nothing you've ever tried and I'm telling you, you need to try it. I'm definitely going back the next time I'm craving some veggies, I also really want to try one of their rotating specials of some sort of ribs or braised special.
Closest thing to southern cookin in Miami but extremely overpriced ($20 for a veggie plate?! That's 4 cooked veggies!) and the waitress certainly isn't from the south cuz she must've left her hospitality at the door--she was RUDE!
Wow!  Very happy with the quality of the food in this place and the thoughtfulness put into the industrial/working man ambiance. If you are a vegetarian, this restaurant has a fantastic selection of about 15 or so different small plate dishes.  Everything from wilted spinach, curried cauliflower, roasted artichokes etc.  You can combine 4 of these small plates into a meal, for a bit of a savings.   For the omnivores out there, I had a S/B chicken breast that was cooked perfectly, and very tasty. The two side dishes I had, the aforementioned curried cauliflower and roasted artichokes, were very tasty and complimented my meal nicely. If you are looking for soup, well...."no soup for you" as they don't have any...which struck me as a bit strange. Regardless, if you want a tasty meat dish or want to go veg, this is a definite must try.
been here twice now.  Menu is terrific, and both my wife and I love the Veg selections.  Their fish is cooked perfectly, and the Bread Pudding is amazing.
The best comfort food in town, no doubts about it... Also many vegan options for those in low carb diet. My favorite sautéed kale, just delicious...
Get the scallops. The cherry gastric is light and perfectly compliments the delicate scallops. I think the whole dish is perfect! Wouldn't have changed a thing. If I ever go back to Miami, I will go back here! Thank you chef.
Ate here tonight for the first time and could not have had a better time. Simple concept: good.homemade.food. The "dailies" on the menu are a unique feature and you always have a rib, parmigiana or beef dish to choose from - cool approach. The Veg chalkboard is a brilliant idea and the artichokes and sweet potato mash are tops for me. The grits are the real deal - none of that heavy cream and butter whipped, fake grits - and have a perfect texture. Nice and friendly staff, the chef/owner gave me the biggest brisket plate I've ever seen, thanks man! Will be back very soon for brunch.
Everything about this place is great.  The owner knows how to run a restaurant, and his staff are a pure reflection of how he manages the restaurant.  Friendly staff, great service and very engaging with the patrons. The menu makes it hard to decide on what to get-- everything sounds delicious.  We started with the Cuban sandwich spring rolls-- such a unique combination, we had to try them-- delicious.  After that, we did the Mac and cheese with bacon.  All the portions are easily large enough to share.  For the entrees, we did the mahi, which was a tiny bit over cooked, as well as the snapper.  The snapper was better than the mahi.  Another coworker got the scallops, which looked delicious.  As for the veggie sides-- the kale was great-- both crunchy and flavorful.  The goat cheese and beet salad was a great mix-- served warm, so different than most places. We'll definitely be back!
Can I say this place one me over one calorie at a time! I saw this place and I said, "Ok this is gonna be another hole in the wall trendy place with high price food with shnazzy names and crappy service!" BOY WAS I WRONG! Come one come all! Breakfast doesn't get any better than this. My mouth watered with every plate that walked by. The size of the french toast, to the breakfast sandwich, and meatball sub! I wish they offered one of those preferred customer cards I can put on my key chain, cuz ima coming BACK!
Excellent food and service. The shrimp and grits are to die for as well as the hamburgers!!
Not that they need additional kudos...but the owner / chef just gave us a slice of chocolate cake for free.  He noticed us ogling over the cake - it looked pretty impressive - and we decided last minute to take a pass.  He then packed a slice for us and said its that good and we deserve to try it out.  Very sweet of him- he didn't even have to do that.  Stuff like this really builds loyalty.  Thanks again!
I finally made it out to Blue Collar last weekend and it did not disappoint based on these crazy good reviews.  I did however enjoy the appetizers more than the main course.  We went with everything suggested...shrimp and grits, pork and beans, fried Gouda (OMG), tostones with vaca frita.  My corben main dish was great but my husband's burger was OK.  Their bread pudding is ridiculous.  I would like to try their brunch.  All in all, in was a good night with great friends.  Staff was great and their bottles of wines are very reasonably priced.  Oh and you can park in the shady motel next door.  We didn't know and walked a little, which I wouldn't recommend to do at night.
I keep going back here and find it wonderful every time.  Four stars is only because it closes for a couple of hours in the middle of the afternoon making it hard to do a late lunch or or early dinner and I didn't see this info online.  Call before you go, but by all means go!  Their selection of freshly prepared veggies is without a match in Miami.  The sandwiches are unique and wonderful.  For instance, the Corbin ($18) is super tender brisket on a Portuguese bun with homemade spicy mustard and a delicious au jus.  It comes paired with homemade potato latkes and apple sauce.  The good news?  There are two sandwiches and latkes - perfect for sharing or box up the leftovers and enjoy later.  The waiters in their tuxedo tees, the lunch boxes nailed to the wall, the time cards by the door all echo the name, Blue Collar, but frankly it's more blue collar optional as this food is just right regardless of your attire.  (Oh, and save room for Mom's Chocolate Cake with a side of ice cold milk for dessert - outstanding!)
We ordered the vegatable plate the beets were not roasted but boiled, Brussels  spouts were not cooked through,  mushrooms  had no flavor, the rest of the food was cold. We sent them back waited and got them back still not hot. They did take it off our bill but I left hungry and did not enjoy the lunch which  was the point. Not sure if we will  come back. In the past the beets and mushrooms  were great.
If you were to open my closet or my drawers or whatnot, you'd find a total of maybe fifteen articles of clothing that I wear with any regularity. That's fifteen. 1-5. Total. Not fifteen shirts and fifteen pants and fifteen shorts. Just fifteen. I'm a simple man. With simple tastes. With simple expressions for said tastes. My point is that a place called Blue Collar with its fairly nuts and bolts approach toward food is right up my alley. They've even got lunch pails affixed to one of the walls, and really, that simple decor does more to encapsulate the nature of the place than any amount of praise that I proffer could ever hope to. So I'll get right to it. Keep it short. Channel that simplicity I went on and on about. We started with an order of the wild mushroom and goat cheese croquettes and the house mac and cheese. (To be fair, the mac was for me and me alone; my date didn't like mac and cheese, which was perfect because I hate sharing it.) The croquettes were tasty, though not as cheesy as I'd expect. And if you like goat cheese, you'll know what I mean once you taste these. Goat cheese is very prominent in any dish for which it's used, and it was kind of absent here. While I liked the croquettes, I just wish they had a little more in the whole goat cheese department. I really wanted that KICK. The mac and cheese, well... let's just say that I didn't even make the effort to use a fork. Like a normal person would. I just scooped it with a spoon. Like a savage. Like it was the only utensil at my disposal. And this somehow made it better. I'm telling you, the mac and cheese alone is enough to lure me back. I'd even bring my own spoon next time. Just to add to how uncouth I probably looked eating it. As a main dish, we shared the super tender hanger steak, which was super, tender, and, thankfully, a steak. It was pretty fantastic and totally enough for two, especially when you factor in the mound of fries that comes with it. I mean, what's more blue collar than a thick steak and french fries? The entire meal could only have been made more blue collar and American by playing John Philip Sousa marches in the background while setting off fireworks, which thankfully, they didn't do, even though we Americans sure do love our marches and our explosions.
For my birthday this year, the bf and I flew down to Miami and I got to choose where we would have all our meals for the day. Based on Yelp reviews, I chose Blue Collar for brunch. I am so glad I did, as this was my favorite meal of the day. We got there before the crowds and immediately found a table. My first impression was stellar- I loved the quaint atmosphere, the whimsy evoked by the mismatch of thermos flasks storing coffee at each table, and I love that watermelon was served instead of a bread basket. The food was equally delicious. I didn't order an entree but asked for a side of asparagus (or was it brussels sprouts?) topped with two poached eggs. Needless to say it was yummy. Chef Serfer personally walked out from the kitchen to talk to me about this. I forget the details but basically he was awesome, commended me on my good taste and said he would do it "just for [me]". It was my birthday after all. To be honest, considering how nice everyone was, I am sure you could ask for the same, he may do it "just for you" too!
Neighborhood staple by now. A reliable, well-worth-the-wait kind of place. Chef is creative and keeps the specials menu rotating and delicious. While Blue Collar is at white collar prices, the menu has something for everyone: veggie platter (yum) to hanger steak (yes!). Best part... they serve Oskar Blues brews. Eat. Drink. Be merry, Miami! Well done, blue collar.
Came here one afternoon for lunch and was disappointed because the place was closed due to A/C repairs. Came back to finally try it and was not disappointed. Not disappointed at ALL!!! Small, unassuming place with very little parking and attached to a motel where the House of Noodles used to stand (good riddance) now home to Blue Collar and leave it to chef Daniel Serfer and Blue Collar to make this little place, with not many parking spots and attached to a motel the best spot in the city, or at least, the spot I want to be. Came for lunch with my partner and were immediately greeted and seated. My partner asked for the Corben and I asked for the Ragout. We wanted to have something to start the meal with and our server suggested the Curried Cauliflower. Great suggestion. The Curried Cauliflower was nothing more than an oval bowl of medium size, full of perfectly tender cauliflower bathed on a curried sauce, so creamy, so spicy, so delicious, I could have had 10 of those for lunch and be happy but, we had sandwiches coming. My partner's Corben was two brisket-loaded sandwiches, with a bowl of a savory Au Jus and potato cakes with a apple cinnamon sauce. Judging by the look of it and that of my partner's face, the sandwich was pretty good. My Ragout was a foot long crispy bread stuffed, I mean stuffed, with a mix of pork, veal, brisket, and sausages all in a delicious sauce topped with fresh mozzarella and parmesan cheese, all with a side of ridiculously good season fries. I can't begin to describe how good that sandwich was. First, I'm out of words, second, it makes me hungry just to think about that sandwich. To finish the meal, we had the bread pudding. And here I thought the best bread pudding I have had was all the way in San Diego at Extraordinary Desserts (see my review of the place.) Allow me to correct myself. The best bread pudding I have ever had is at Blue Collar, Miami. Soft, warm, and that spicy butterscotch sauce makes one of the greatest contrast I have ever had the pleasure to eat. Chef Daniel Serfer THANK YOU!!!
Blue Collar has quickly become one of my go-to spots for brunch in Miami. I have yet to have anything on this menu that I don't absolutely love. Let's start off with the fact that they serve Panther Coffee here. That in itself makes having breakfast here worth the trip. Even though I do love everything that I've had, I'd have to say that the breakfast burrito and the lemon ricotta pancakes are a must try for anyone coming in for the first time. They are as close to "cant miss" items as you can possibly get. The only drawback here is that it isn't that big. Seating is limited and the seating outside is only ideal if the weather cooperates. Being that this place is so great, there are always plenty of people outside waiting to be seated. My suggestion would be to get here just a little bit earlier than usual so that you won't have to wait so long. I definitely think Blue Collar would do well with a larger location but this spot definitely has a nice charm to it. The service here is also pretty excellent. They are all very attentive, personable, and they keep that Panther Coffee coming which is of the utmost importance!
Food out of this world and customer service a few stars below.  I would recommend this to any person who loves veggies, great food or likes to try new combination dishes as the way they pair food groups is outrageous!!!
Greatest hand squeezed key lime pie and it's covered in homemade whipped cream. Florida may have its bad traffic and lack of comprehension of the English language but there's one thing they don't mess with. This is it.
Best bread pudding I've ever had. Period. Food was great too! But the bread pudding....wow.
I know this was on Mark A.'s bookmark list, so I wanted to surprise him and take him here for his birthday, BUT I didn't want us to wait. So we purposely got there just at opening to snag a table right away. The staff was all very friendly from beginning to end of our visit. After looking at the menu, I really wanted to try the appetizers over the entrees. So I chose the vaca fritas on tostones as my meal, while we shared the Mac. Mark A. ordered the ragout. I was VERY surprised at how fast our food came out! I was seriously expecting quite a long wait. The mac was delicious! Perfect cheesiness flavor. I loved it! My vaca fritas was also just as good. The orange mojo sauce that's on top was my favorite. No idea what's in it really, but it was a great pairing. Our chocolate cake for dessert came served with a mini carafe of milk. How cute! But such a very bold statement saying our ckae is THAT rich that you'll need to gulp it down with some milk. Unfortunately, I don't think the cake matched that picture. Moist and good still, but not as chocolatey rich as I was hoping. (I'm a chocoholic.) The middle layer and topped icing helped with the more chocolate flavor, but not enough for the whole cake. I just love chocolate, though! I really wanted to order something from their extensive veggie chalkboard menu, but I didn't want to overeat and be way too full. I'm not a vegetarian, but I could definitely see myself ordering a veggie platter just to try their cool menu items. I can't wait to go back!
I have been SO anxious to try this place out. When I finally had the opportunity this past Saturday for brunch, I was so excited to the point where we were the first people in the door. By the time we left, the place was full of regulars and newbies alike, all noshing on Blue Collar's delicious creations. It's the weekend so alcohol is acceptable at any time of the day, right? While I went with a cava mimosa, the boys tried Banana Bread beer (gotta get your fruit somehow), it was definitely different but a good adventurous choice for 11 in the morning. It wasn't easy deciding what to get for actual food, but once my boyfriend ordered Brendan's Breakfast and I knew I could have some bites of his, my options were narrowed a bit. That's because his one order included heavenly brioche french toast, pancakes, potato hash, scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage. In the end, I went with the artichoke benedict with a side of fruit . Even the fruit was stellar! While eating, I couldn't help but glance around at all the other tables and drool over their dishes- from the ragout sandwich to lemon ricotta pancakes, everything looked amazing. The service was super friendly and I left just dreaming of my next meal there. Thanks Blue Collar for living up to my expectations, and then some.
Very tastey and inventive dishes. The grits and shrimp app was absolutely amazing. As was the pasta app. Corben entree was good with Portuguese biscuits - very tastey. Like the creative combination of flavors. Not sure what the fuss about the bread pudding is (it's ok, not great) but to each his own. The berry cobbler dessert is not recommended - lacks sugar and the topping is like pancake mix. Overall, we enjoyed the food.
One of my go-to divine dives in Miami. Don't let the humble environs fool you - there is culinary magic inside this place. The heritage and excellence of Chef Allen lives in inside these walls. First, let me say that I'm from SF, where food snobbery abounds. They liken themselves as the culinary epicenter of the US and would no doubt turn their nose at the Miami scene. Let me be clear - Blue Collar trounces anything SF has to offer these days when comparing apples to apples. And it's not the only smack down waiting for SF among Miami venues. The bread pudding - the bread pudding. The bread pudding. Nowhere on any continent on God's green spinning orb does it get better than this. Latkes that will make you want to smack your Jewish momma. Sunday gravy Sammie's. Amazing vegetarian options (cauliflower purée). The hits keep coming. And so will I.
I'm so glad one of my best friends suggested this place for dinner. She said people had been raving about the food, which made me a little wary, but we were certainly not disappointed. We arrived around 7:30 p.m., which seemed to be right in the middle of their dinner rush, so we stood in line and waited our turn, greedily eyeing everyone's dishes as they came out of the open-forum kitchen. We were seated at a cozy little table for two in a small and cheekily decorated single dining room after about 20 minutes. People lined up behind us and eagerly waited their turn, peering over us just the same. But we didn't mind. Service was prompt and with a menu that boasts daily and weekly specials, we were still eyeing the other diners' selections as we ordered our own. We went with the Mac as a starter (delicious in its simplicity), Nicole A. ordered the Braised Pork Cheek (wow. just wow.), and I had the Juicy Cheeseburger (which, thankfully, more than lived up to its name). For dessert, we each indulged in our own serving of their too-good-for-words Bread Pudding. I mean - spicy ice cream on the side? Amazed. I can't wait to go back and try, well, everything else on the menu. This place is not to be missed - long lines and all. We'll be back for brunch and most definitely for the Tostones. Seriously impressed.
I finally made it to the long awaited Blue Collar restaurant that has been book marked for way to long.  After reading the reviews I had to go in for the Sunday brunch. Started out with the homemade potato latkes and homemade apple sauce. Really good the latkes were crispy and pipping hot.  For my entree I ordered the shrimp and grits. The grits were very creamy, and the shrimp had the perfect amount of seasoning. We also got the French toast which was to die for! The french toast had bananas stuffed inside, and on top came with fruit salad, and choice of bacon or sausage. The order was so big that we even took more than half home.  Also had the lemon ricotta and blueberry pancake. Fresh blueberries yes not that stuff you see coming out of a can amazing quality. You have to just get the veggie plate choice of 4 and share it with the table. There was a list of 20 veggies and I wanted them all! For dessert we had the bread pudding since everyone writes about It had to see the hype! Wow "amazing" melt in your mouth delicious with a side of homemade whip cream. The food here is solid, and the quality is amazing. Make sure you go here hungry because you will seriously want to order the entire menu.
Gourmet ingredients fuse with Southern Comfort food to create the most satisfying and indulging eating experience. You really can't go wrong with a menu like this! The smoky bacony goodness of their burger, competes with the tasty meaty Ragout. However,  today I had the BEST Oxtail I have had in years (Sorry Mom)! As long as the Oxtail is available,  I will eat nothing else. Despite the hair frizzing humidity, I do prefer sitting outside, only because the indoor dining room can rival a BBQ Smoker at times.  Other than that, I LOVE BLue Collar!!!
From appetizer to dessert... Everything was great! Shrimp and grits was the best anywhere. Oxtail and scallops were very good and then topped off by the simply delicious bread pudding.... Don't be fooled by the location.... Probably the best food we've had in Miami...
Gluttonous and delic. NOT diet food so be prepared to waddle out but oh so good!!  Corben sandwich, mac and cheese, latkes, shrimp and grits, shortrib all standouts.
Food was amazing and staff was super friendly. They give hugggge portions!!! I also had some of the shrimp and cheese grits. AMAZZZZING!
amazing brunch & outstanding service! I like the 60's style old school carafe that the coffee comes in. the coffee is VERY GOOD. can't wait to come back
Went to Blue Collar last night for dinner. We were a party of 6. Luckily we had a reservation, because the place was jammed packed. It's a small place to begin with, but there were a line of people out the door. When we were seated, the server quickly came over and took our drink order and by the time she came back with drinks we had already known what we wanted to order. For apps we had the vaca frita topped tostontes drizzled with orange mojo. They were amazing. We got two veg plates (4 per plate) from the veg board of 20 different veggies. And the pizza rolls. They too were amazing. They are supreme pizza rolls but wrapped in a crispy wonton skin, over home made tomato sauce.  Chef Daniel Serfer then came over to see how everything was. He was very friendly, and seemed genuinely interested in talking to us and remembering us (hopefully for the next visit). After schmoozing with the Chef the main course came. I got the snapper with crispy skin and fried rice with Rick shrimp. My wife got the chicken parm. Our friend's got the swordfish, the tempura grouper (fish and chips),  the veg burger and the big Ragu. I tried everyone's food. Not sure which I liked more the swordfish or the snapper as they were both excellent. The veggie burger was very interesting, because you can actually see the corn, broccoli, and other veggies. It's not like other places. It was so good.  Probably best veg burger I've ever tried. Desert came and every one kept talking about the chocolate cake and the bread pudding. Both incredible. Panther coffee was served in a vintage thermos. Great conversation item. Service was great, as busy as they were.  Decor is very casual, comfy and cozy with old school metal lunch boxes on the walls. It was a very cool place.  I truly enjoyed myself and can not wait to go back. Highly recommended!!
I can't believe it took me this long to visit Blue Collar! It was delishhh! Seriously, I'm upset it took me this long to come to this tiny gem! First things first, parking is around the corner & to the side of the old motel, so once you figure that out, you're good. The host quickly greeted my friend and I, and then we were given the option of either indoor or outdoor dining. Since the indoor had a 20 minute wait, we opted for the outdoors. Within minutes of being seated the waitress greeted us with waters in hand, and recommended her favorite items since we told her we were first timers! With her recommendation, I ordered the Pulled Pork Benedict and my friend ordered the Duck McMuffin. The portion size was better than expected! I ate half of my delicious meal and got a to-go box for the rest which I ended up having a few hours later. For dessert, we tried the chocolate cake! Yumm! It was served with a small glass of milk, which honestly, made me feel like a kid again! Cute presentation. Once we asked for the check, they brought it out in a  Blue Collar mug, which I wanted to snag as a souvenir! Maybe next time I'll ask if it's available for purchase. Ha! I'm definitely coming back here again and again! Can't wait to try the other items on my next visit!
Really yummy lemon-ricotta pancakes with blueberries!  The restaurant is very small and a little cramped, but the atmosphere was lively and pleasant.  The staff was very friendly.  I really enjoyed my food and everyone at my table loved the food too.   I would definitely go back just for those pancakes!  Yum!
Tiny little place attached to a slightly shady looking motel, but you've got to walk inside and try their food. It is quite good. I heard no complaints about the veggie burger from my party and the shrimp po boy was quite good too if just a bit expensive for what you get. Unfortunately we didn't have enough stomachs to try the rest of the menu which is a shame because it seemed quite inventive and good. The service was a bit slow in getting menus to us, but that may be just because they were very busy. It is a pretty tiny place so the seating is crowded and since the kitchen is open too, it gets pretty noisy. However this seems to fit the mood of the place. Parking can be tough to find at the motel, but there is plenty of street parking around. The one major flaw was that I found a long fried hair attached to the my fries. It was unfortunate that such good food and a energetic atmosphere was brought down by a accidental lapse of hair dropping. However I'm sure this isn't a regular occurrence and if I get the chance I will go back and try some more of the menu.
My boyfriend and I were seated in the heat but was provided a ton of ice for our drinks to keep cool. Some guy was claiming he was waiting in line before me so I let him ahead. We ate 2 great meals. One was shrimp and grits and the other was pulled pork on a roll. We came here for Brunch and it was fantastic. We finished the meal with bread pudding with spicy whipped cream. Amazing!!!! Service was great. Very attentive and jolly waiters. Remember in the top of the review when I said I let some guys ahead of me? Well, the hostess was so grateful for my small gesture that she gave me a very generous discount on the meal. What a lovely place along with a lovely staff. I look forward to returning soon. I went at around 1:45pm on Saturday. I did not have to wait very long for a table. I do know there is always a line here though so plan accordingly!
Blue Collar is a tiny, unexpectedly great spot in a somewhat shady neighborhood. I have been to Blue Collar several times and the first thing that impressed me was the incredible customer service. There was a brief wait (understandable, since the place is so small!) and we were offered complimentary glasses of wine and even an appetizer to munch on while we waited. It was the perfect way to start off the meal. The wild mushroom and goat cheese croquettes were delicious and the perfect size! I inquired about the Crispy Skin Snapper with rock shrimp, veggie fried rice, and red curry. Since I'm not a fan of spicy foods, I was worried that I wouldn't like the red curry sauce. I told my waiter who immediately brought over a small sample of the sauce for me to try before committing to this dish. The whole staff was hospitable in this manner from start to finish. I ordered the snapper and LOVED it! I also tried various items from the veg chalkboard which were all delicious. My favorites were the sauteed broccoli and the curried cauliflower puree. Vegetarians as well as meat-lovers will be happy at this restaurant! I have to conclude by saying that Blue Collar is the home of my all-time favorite dessert. BUTTERSCOTCH HEATH BAR BREAD PUDDING. Need I elaborate?
This small little hole in the wall is absolutely perfect.  Located right in front of a motel on Biscayne, this tiny little restaurant is a little piece of heaven.  I went with my wife for dinner and we had to wait 30 minutes for a table because of the size and the amount of people eating.  It seemed as if only people that "know" eat here, and I'm glad that I have now become one of these people.  We ordered two beers from their wonderful brew selection from the hostess, whom couldn't have been sweeter, while we waited and carefully watched what everyone was ordering.  When we were seated we immediately knew what we were ordering: for an appetizer, vaca frita atop tostones with an aioli drizzle, as an entree I ordered the ox tail (extra spicy) which came with mash potatoes, and my wife ordered The Corben (named after Cocaine Cowboys Director Billy Corben).  All I can say is that this has somehow become our new favorite restaurant after one meal there.  My ox tail was extremely spicy, just like I asked.  The funny thing was, the chef came out to make sure I knew what I was getting into, and kept a dialogue with our table and other tables throughout the meal.  The place was so friendly, too.  Everyone was on top of everything and it felt as if we'd known the staff for years.  My wife had The Corben.....this sandwich is worthy of any title of "best sandwich ever".  It's a french dip type brisket sandwich served on Portuguese muffins and a side of au ju.  BOMB.  Everything about this little place screams AMAZING!  I will be going back many times again.  The staff was absolutely top notch; I felt I had travled somewhere far from Miami.  The food was unique blend of american fused with the latin culture of Miami.......and it was absolutely delicious.  I just can't say enough good things about this little out of the way place.  Go there ASAP
Great little spot. Everything I had was so good, and the portion were on spot. They were a liiiitttttllleee pricier than I expected... but overall I think it was worth it. I asked for recommendations from the waiter, which I suggest doing, and it turned out great. Ended the meal with the chocolate cake and milk... best decision ever. Best part was that every person I came in contact with was beyond pleasant, such a rare thing in Miami. If you are in the area, for sure give this place a try. PS Parking in the tiny lot attached is a pain in the a**, consider street parking.
DECEMBER 2012 UPDATE.  I visited Blue Collar again during the Small Business Saturday (because I got a $25 credit from Am-X!).  I enjoyed my meal more this time because I had a breakfast/brunch.  It was 2 eggs and had a potato pancake on it.  It was really very good.  I originally rated this place 3 because I was unimpressed and there wasn't much that I like to eat (lots of fancy meats).  But, there are a lot of things I DO like:  the service is EXCELLENT, and I love how the Chef comes out and asks you how your meal is, and it is clean and pleasant.  It is really not my style of place, but I might just go back since my second experience was better than the first! Oh, and I can never pass on butternut squash, so I got a side of roasted butternut squash (on the veggie chalkboard).  OMG, sooo good!  It didn't exactly go with my egg breakfast, but, was DELICIOUS!  I'm gonna have to go back just to have it again! My first review is below. _______________________________ I seem to be the only person not enthralled with this place.  Because I'm a vegetarian, the only thing I could get here was a veggie burger (with a hefty $12 price tag) or a vegetable plate (4 vegetables for $14).  That's unacceptable to me, so I doubt I will be back.  What I ended up ordering was a sweet potato (delicious!) and some roasted corn on the cob (not great, 2 very small pieces that were already lukewarm when I received it them).  I then added on an order of laktes which were out of this world delicious (this is an appetizer item - for $6).  So good!  A vegetarian can always get a salad anywhere, but when I go out to eat, I don't want to order lettuce to the tune of $11. The place is very small and unassuming.  For that space, you'd think the prices were be more reasonable.  It's a "blue collar" setting with "white collar" prices and food.  The chef is great; he came out and asked how the meal was - I liked that.  My friend has had the veggie burger twice and loves it, but it has peppers in it and I don't care for that type of flavoring, that's why I didn't get it. I would have to call this a place for the "in" crowd (that certainly doesn't include me).   Lots of iPhone-types sitting around having lunch.   The bottom line is, the food was good - just not enough selections for a vegetarian. But, the prices are just way too high.  If you do go, BE SURE to get an order of the latkes to share.
Since this restaurant opened, my boyfriend and I have been advocate supporters of this place. We recommended this place to all our friends because not only did we have great service, great food, and a great ambiance but also because it was affordable.  Tonight we were severely disappointed, to the point that I have to write this blog (which I have never done for a restaurant.....in my life).  After making the decision of choosing to go to Blue Collar instead of another local restaurant, we end up at Blue Collar. We already had in mind what we were going to have for dinner since we have our favorite dish here, but we dared to ask what the specials were.  We were told 4 lambs chops with gnocchi and a blue cheese sauce. WOW! Who could say no to that, right? So we ordered it.  I stuck to my usual (pancetta and clams)- delicious!. Our evening was perfect, until 1) we got a HOT glass of wine (the waitress knew it was hot, because when we complained about it she had a full explanation why it was hot.- thankfully she comp'd the glass).  THEN.....its time to pay the bill.....all was fine EXCEPT the $35.00 lamb chops. We only got FOUR chops and maybe 10 gnocchi's.  We questioned the waitress about this absurd price and her rebuttal was "lamb is expensive."  While I understand that a full rack of lambs is expensive as an upcoming restaurant to the neighborhood that is appealing to the frugal customer, it isn't very wise to pull a move like this. Plain and simple.....don't do a bait and switch!  Good luck! If I want to pay for overpriced food, I will head to the beach....the same place I was running from.
The food is outstanding but the wait is horrible specially when you have to wait outside and their ac doesn't work properly. The service is very average and the hostess always lies about the waiting time!
Never really imagined this place as is... but it's still very cool. On the side of an abandoned older motel sits a nice, quaint, hole-in-the-wall restaurant that serves the breakfast of champions! Sure, breakfast was a little later than anticipated (around 2PM), but that was my fault for arriving late. They don't take reservations, so make sure you get there at the right time. Since I wasn't starving when I got there, I ordered the Breakfast Plate, but trust me it was more than enough food. The toast was AMAZING and it came with 3 eggs! I was plenty full for the rest of the afternoon and it was very tasty. I would like to try out their lunch and dinner as well.
I was familiar with this chef's work from his time as chef at Chef Allen's, and his work at the 15th St Fisheries, and I knew he had gone to work in NYC. So I had an idea of what to expect, which is why we went there. But, this is way better than even I expected. I can't wait to go back, I love this place.
Place is small so be prepared to wait and hour or so for a table but it is worth it I would def go back! I got the sausage egg burrito and it was fab!
Was expecting a long wait, and to our surprise we were seated in about 5 minutes! Service was great, food was amazing... Ox tail, crispy snapper, hanger steak , tostones topped with vaca frita, burger and the shrimp and grits were all very tasty. Oh, bread pudding was delicious! Definitely a great place!
First off this place gets four stars because the service is so good. Beware this isn't a traditional restaurant but one that is the new trend of serving up fancy comfort food such as mac and cheese. The restaurant is great for vegetarians because it offers a full menu of vegetarian dishes. I respect a restaurant that takes its vegetables seriously. The potato pancakes were good but don't expect your mamas deep-fried onion infused Chanukah latkes but rather an uninspired version of this. I originally ordered the garden burger thinking it was the healthiest thing on the menu it indicated a 'crispy garden burger" apparently i should have interpreted this to mean deep-fried and breaded. Now, I love me some deep fried and breaded food but not when I am ordering a garden burger and I have looked at the menu before going to see what is healthy I can eat there. To their credit, Blue Collar replaced my meal with a hamburger and didn't charge me for both meals. This gets kudos and I will be back just for that. My hamburger came out and it was fine not delicious not bad just fine it wasn't medium rare but at that point the kitchen was probably impatient with me and I don't blame them. Their french fries however were amazing perfectly crisp with right amount of salt. The veggies dishes we did order were good (although i could make them at home for cheaper) and my husband had the chicken cordon bleu which wasn't chicken cordon bleu of the traditional sense there was no ham and it was more like a chicken parm but it was still delciious. The chicken was cooked really well perfectly tender with no dryness.  For the food I am torn between a three and a four because I did taste the deep fried garden burger and I didn't taste any flavor just the fried part so I guess you win some and you lose some.
Went with my friend and his PREGNANT WIFE. Host suggested to park in the back. While my friend went to park i went to grab a table with his PREGNANT wife. Host seat another group in front of us because 'our party was not complete'. And he thought he was doing a good job. I guess it is not a family restaurant.
Took the hubs about a week ago to try out Blue Collar. I was yet again impressed by the food and service. I was shocked to see not only the crowd but the caliber of diners, some who seemed like they were no where near their high end neighborhood but yet enjoying this hidden spot for five star dining - I loved seeing this because it shows that when a place makes good food, people will come from far and wide to enjoy it. This time I got to try other menu items, letting my husband do most of the choosing since it was his first time. The latkas were crispy and the combination with the apple chutney was delish! I had to order the shrimp and grits again and they were just as good as the first time, the cripsy bacon makes the dish. We ended up sharing a four veggie plate, which I don't know how anyone can come to eat here and not opt for this! There are so many amazing veggie dishes that you can't resist trying them. This time we had the buttered bok choy, the Asian broccoli, Parmesan spaghetti squash and the bacon and onion green beans. All of them would be your mother approved - this is the gourmet's way of getting us adult kids to eat our veggies. I think the sign of a good restaurant is when you are planning on what you will eat the next time you come. We finished our meals with the butterscotch/health bar bread pudding and the chocolate cake served with icy cold milk. The bread pudding the second time around did not disappoint and I swear I could marry this dessert, it warms you to the soul. The chocolate cake was OK, I personally thought it was a little dry but my husband said with the cold milk it was good. I look forward to many return visits and welcome as many foodie fans to go and visit so that this comfort food institution keeps on serving up their amazing dishes.
I totally appreciate that someone actually put Soylent Green on a menu and I had been planning to come here for a few weeks now.  The opportunity presented itself as I and some friends were nearby. Blue Collar was serving the Miami Spice menu in addition to their usual items. The food was good, the service friendly.  But the food wasn't excellent.  The latkes were plain and over- fried , the apple sauce didn't quite taste like apples, the jambalaya had spice but  not particularly complex. I also tried the watermelon cucumber salad, which tasted just like its main ingredients together- no mint, no honey.  We also tried the key lime pie, the chocolate cake, the duck, chicken parmigiana -  we shared and none were stellar.  The waitress suggested the Bread pudding for dessert and my piece was edge burnt (the corner). I was disappointed and I do think when I said that that they were also sincerely disappointed.  It didn't change anything- I wasn't offered a new piece of pudding or another dessert.  If you go, you must know that this restaurant is small- sitting inside means you will be bombarded by conversation noise and sitting outside by the road. you will be gassed by auto exhaust.   So, it is not a quiet dining experience by any means.  I think part of the issue is that reading these reviews raised my expectations. The menu combination and offerings are also creative. But the execution wasn't there (and I should say, neither was the chef/owner).   We were looking forward to a great dinner and, instead, got dinner that could have been great.
The wife and I have been to Blue Collar several times.  We've been for lunch, brunch, and for a private cook-off event.  Eager to try it and try it again given the hype behind this one, I must say it has never disappointed. Due to the well deserved hype for their great food and overall great casual dining experience, there is always a wait at Blue Collar. I don't do waiting too good.  Patience is a virtue, just not one that I possess.  This is a small restaurant, and there is really no real area to wait for a table.  The bar (which is 3-4 stools) is always taken so you are either waiting in the Florida heat or right by the entrance in a very tight area.  Also, there seems to be many "regulars" which is the only way I can explain them getting seated ahead of us during one of our visits.  I wanted to scream "I was here first!" But, I quickly remembered I was not in the fifth grade so I opted not to.   In any event, once you get past the tight parking area and the waiting, you are in for a great meal.  Daniel does not play around.  You are going to get high quality food at a great price and you are never going to walk out of Blue Collar hungry.   Blue Collar is a very small space but that's what makes this place what it is.  Getting a table here is like getting to "the" club on South Beach and walking past the rope VIP style for no reason other than the fact that you are you!  It's how I feel whenever I go to Blue Collar and score a table.  I dread the waiting process but once I get seated, I feel VIP... as if it's about to go down!!! And it usually does why with their extensive ever changing menu. So, here is the scoop.  Get your butt in the car, drive to Blue Collar, pay the price of admission which is the wait time, and walk out of there with a smile.  I guarantee that you will!!!!
Came here on a Sunday afternoon at around 2 pm. I'd come across all the great reviews on Yelp a few weeks prior so I was pretty excited to try it out. My dish was absolutely amazing. I had the pulled pork benedict. The pork, the jalapeno cornbread, the eggs, everything was delicious and all the flavors and textures worked so well together. My boyfriend had the burger which he said was great but after trying my dish, he regretted that he hadn't been more adventurous with his choice. He did say the burger was very good though. The service left much to be desired. After being seated, we waited much longer than we should have to be approached by a server who came by with two dirty cups of water and couldn't be bothered to give us any kind of verbal acknowledgement. After waiting a bit longer our server finally came by. She seemed to be frazzled and overwhelmed even though the restaurant did not appear to be very busy. She didn't tell us anything about the menu choices or make any recommendations even when we asked for her suggestions. We didn't see her again after she took our order and had to wait around for her to bring us our check at the end of our meal. Frankly, she did very little for us and didn't seem to appreciate that we were there at all. The food was very good and I would go back to try something else but the service definitely needs some work, having great food just isn't enough.
Great place for food.  Had the Spicy Ox Tail and was amazing.  This is a must go!
Was really hoping for some tasty grub here. However was disappointed.   Basic issue is the everything we tried was flavorless! Big Ragout sandwich: Plus: Big (can feed 2), bread and mozzarella. Minus: Almost all tasteless pork (didn't detect any veal or brisket). Needed some bbq sauce or something to give it flavor, but they offer none! Ribs: Tried the baby backs (they advertise, but rarely make short rib). Again in need of flavor Caramelized brussel sprouts: grilled but no flavor or caramelization Maple roasted carrots: Tasted like a chemical (not maple) and soggy (not roasted) Service slow but friendly.  Indoors small and smelly.  Outdoors very noisy from Biscayne Bld traffic.
I cannot recommend this place enough. The chef/owner Daniel Serfer is amazingly talented. We had the Marsha salad which was tasty and Fresh. There are no words to describe how delicious the shrimp and grits are. My kids had the smoked Gouda , my kids don't even eat cheese and could not get enough of this stuff !! French fries- to die for. Our server, Amber was so sweet and attentive.  And, just when we thought our meal could not get any better, dessert came. I am not a chocolate cake eater, but I couldn't resists the cake at Blue Collar. The toffee pie is out of this world. Run, don't walk to this neighborhood gem!!
Hit this place last night all I can say is WOW as I walked in looked small kinda warm as there's a open kitchen. But as soon as the shrimp over grits came out I was memorized. Also had the ribs also just as good service is also super friendly from our waitress to the guys behind the counter this is a must go!!
I FINALLY CAME. After months of having this gem on my bookmarked brunch list, I finally came! Came last sunday around 1:30 and only had to wait 15 minutes to get seated. Staff was really friendly and the restaurant was very cute. Although the location of the restaurant is a little strange, I absolutely love the idea of it. What I got: Lemon risotto pancakes - WOW. I'm not one to order anything sweet for brunch but after seeing several serves walk by me with this place, I had to get it. It came with three huge pancakes, fruit, and bacon. Portion was HUGE but I somehow managed to eat most of it! The risotto pancake was fenominal, not too sweet which I loved. Brandon's breakfast - HUGE! I love that it had a little bit of everything. The sausages were very tasty! This is definetly a huge plate so make sure you're hungry before you order it. I really really loved this place, I'm happy the hype of it lived to be true. It's absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go for lunch or dinner another time!
Late reviewing Blue Collar but more than happy to see that there's already over 100 reviews giving this place an average of 4.5 stars. Well, here's another 5 Star Rating that's well deserved. Daniel Serfer and the team at Blue Collar have been open for about a year and they receive nothing but the highest praise from me. Imagine a new diner concept and that's Blue Collar. Think classical americana dishes but perfectly executed. Wether it's the brunch's Merguez using local Proper Sausage purveyors and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes that melt in your mouth, to lunch sandwiches like the Cordon Bleu and the ever-so-popular Corben Brisket down to dinner options such as the top-selling Shrimp and Grits or Pork And Beans. It's humble, down-to-earth comfort food at affordable prices that is consistent time and time again.
GREAT for brunch! The Mac and Cheese is to die for ...Left satisfied and the staff was so friendly! I really have nothing bad at all to say about this place...good job! Keep it up!
This is probably been the best meal in my life. ... I wish I could move to Miami just to be able to eat here more often.  Went for lunch , had the grits with shrimp (good), beets with goat cheese (good), braised oxtail (mind blowing. .meat so well flavored, just falling off the bone) and the crowning achievement was the bread pudding with spiced cream (omg... indescribable)....
Blue collar is a fun place in the redeveloping US-1 corridor where trendy little restaurants are sprouting out of dead and decaying motels. I see Elite Yelpers raving about this place, so, since I'm in the area, I drop in. I have to respectfully drop it two stars. Here's why: For starters, there really isn't much parking. It is in a motel, and the lot is quite full. The side-street nearby offers parking, but, based on the glass all over the ground from smash and grabs, not very safe parking.  They could use a valet. The menu is reasonably broad for a small restaurant, and features a lot of excellent vegetarian side dishes that can also be assembled into a meal.  The brussel sprouts, and the sweet potato/plantain mash were perfect. It's a beer and wine eatery, but it has some really good craft beers and unusual wines, as well as a micro-brew root beer that's pretty awesome. I've been peddling the positives. Now for the negatives. Sitting outside was okay, but would be better if they built a small deck to level out the ground under the seating. They had us on a four-top that was listing like the Titanic. I was looking for Leonardo DiCaprio to hold the salt up on the bow, and the irrational fear that Celine Dionne would be singing "My heart goes on"  through my meal, which sadly DID go down with the ship (see below). The food was generally pretty good. The chef, though, has fallen into that trendy food trap of pork cheek and pork belly.   Anyone who reads my reviews knows my spiritual recharges in New Orleans, so I ordered the highly recommended shrimp and grits, which would have been perfectly prepared save the big hunks of pork belly and the drowning of it all in a greasy gravy  that was too much.  Due to the steep angle of the table, it also started to ooze off of the plate on to the table.  Not pretty. I've had some AMAZING shrimp and grits at Emeril's NOLA restaurant in New Orleans, and this was to that what a pantomime horse is to Secretariat. The wait staff is very attentive and really good! The tuxedo t-shirts and their tattoos sell that "Blue Collar" thing but they are the height of professional. If they get better parking and tweak the outdoor seating, I would be back. Otherwise, there are many more rising restaurants in the Big Sleazy worth exploring.
AMAZING!! Gourmet comfort food. YUMMO. But super small and hot and humid inside. I will go again when the weather gets better and you can eat outside. There are maybe 10 tables total so go early or be prepared to wait. LOVE!
I have been wanting to try this place out for quite some time now and I'm happy that I was finally successful in doing so. First off, this restaurant is hidden and you will probably drive past it as many times as I did so here's a tip... It's apart of the motel next to the Chase bank... Also, you can park at the Chase bank as parking beside the establishment is extremely limited. The first thing you notice about this place is the size, it's very intimate (small) and can get filled up rather quickly. I did take notice as to how quick the staff is to clean the table once a customer leaves so that the wait for a seat is very small. I opted to sit at the three stool bar as I was flying solo and it gave me a straight look into the open kitchen to see the boys at work! I choose to order the Breakfast Plate which is 3 eggs, toast, home potatoes and your choice of bacon or sausage. I also ordered the shrimp Mac and Cheese to go. My Breakfast Plate came out relatively fast and I really enjoyed each bite. The eggs were soft and had the perfect ratio of salt and pepper, the toast had a little kick to it, the home potatoes were flavorful and the sausages were just as great. Be forewarned that the Mac and Cheese is a lot for just one person and is extremely cheesy and comes out piping hot and is really good too (although I wish they would keep the shrimp as whole as opposed to slicing it up in pieces within the dish). I really really really wanted to try the shrimp and grits but I hate cheese within the grits, I wish restaurants would give an option to have the cheese removed. Overall the food was good and I would return again!
Now this is good food, great beer and wonderful service. The shrimp and grits are out of this world. Dessert was key lime pie that was good, but topped with some unbelievable whipped cream that I could eat a tub of. We also ordered a mediocre chocolate cake that could be forgotten. If it wasn't for parking and the 15 minute wait that lasted a lifetime id give this place 5 stars!!
Absolutely delicious. Ribs, chicken Parm and the cheesesteak!! Yummy! The best potato latkes and applesauce. Will definitely go back!  Kudos to the chef. It's a must go!'
The best breakfast, brunch, hangover food ever!  Not to mention they serve Panther coffee. It's a small place but it's part of the charm.  Lines can be long so bring your patience but it's well worth it.
I had somewhat of a mixed experience.  We arrived there at 7:30 on a Friday night and had to wait 45 mins for a table for four.  That had to do more with the fact that it was a Friday and they were busy.  Can't fault them for that.  After the wait though, they were kind enough to give us a complimentary saffron aroncini that we all appreciated. Here's why I gave them three stars:  portion size of the grilled snapper.  After watching huge portions of shrimp & grits, vegetable plates, burgers, and oxtail soup I was anticipating my plate to be of comparable portion size.  I was wrong. A small mound of rice, a smear of curry and a delicate serving a fish did not live up to the $23 dollar price tag.  While my companions had heaping servings of veal parm and oxtail I finished my plate far before everyone else and was still hungry.  Perhaps I just chose the wrong dish for that sort of establishment. Also,  while the server was attentive he did forget to put my order in along with the three other people at my table which resulted in my plate being serve 5 minutes after everyone else.  Not a huge deal, but worth mentioning.  Overall,  the menu and other dishes I saw looked appetizing and interesting.
This is one of the best new restaurants to hit the Miami dining scene in the past few years. The place is tiny and it's always busy. The chef/owner is always in the kitchen welcoming you as soon as you walk inside the restaurant and he personally prepare your dish right in front of you. The food is fresh, creative and very well executed. The portions are generous and they also have a great selection of beers. I just hope that not too many people discover this place. I like to keep it for myself. Congrats to the owner for a job well done !!!
Only updating because yelp says so.  Still love this place.  If you don't eat here, you don't need to eat great food!
Miami born and raised, but currently residing on the west coast, i make it a point to come here every time I'm in town. Tweaks and new takes on classics, both homemade and exotic. They also have new items every visit. It's great to see a chef and staff who genuinely value the product, reputation, and future of the place they work for. See you next time I'm in town!
My Blue Collar experience began around noon on drafty, brisk Sunday afternoon.   Due to the limited parking situation, we had to circle to building twice before settling on a metered spot across the street.   Once we crossed the street and overcame the putrid smell coming out of Balan's, we were seated right away despite the packed house.  We were greeted by a tattooed waitress.  She gave off a little attitude but it would've been weird if she didn't at this non-descript casual dining spot.  Not gonna lie, I liked it. The menu is decent with a choice between eggy stuff - breakfast, lunch, or vegetable plates/tapas.  My beautiful companion ordered the pork & beans and a mimosa.  From what I could tell, she enjoyed it.  I tried to order the ragout sandwich but they were out - I guess you have to arrive before lunch on a weekend to get this?  Instead I got the shrimp and grits ... very tasty, the grits were cooked well, with bits of smoked pork and large shrimp.  They definitely take their time to season their dishes very well - makes sense since they are a small place and given the traditional plates served, need to make sure to deliver tasty meals.   Only complaint besides the lack of ragout sandwich is that our table was flimsy and kept rocking from side-to-side.  Felt a little like I was drunk on a boat.  Otherwise, great service - I think I saw our waitress crack a smile on our way out. See you soon BC.
I came to Blue Collar on Saturday afternoon at 7pm and the hardest part of coming here is parking... The hostess said it was alright to park around the block where it says "tow away zone" so I did. Once you start trying their food, you forget all about the parking situation... The portions abundant and very rich in flavor. I left extremely full and although I had dinner extremely early in my book, I wasn't hungry later on... You have to try their mac n cheese! Up to now my favorite one is the (mac & cheese)^2 from Yard House, but you have to try this one! This mac & cheese is DIVINE! If you dine inside, your hair and clothes will smell once you leave... Just saying girlfriend!
Everything about this place is perfect. I love the service, the decor and most importantly: THE FOOD! Their shrimp n grits is the best I have ever had. Living in New Orleans for four years, I have had my fair share and this is really, really, really AMAZING. Their mac n cheese is also very good, a really nice blend of cheese. Their ribs are perfectly cooked and really yummy. Will definitely be coming back again.
cool little place.  i had the real juicy cheeseburger.  it's ny strip beef and was exactly like the title: juicy.  would definitely like to go back.
Finally got to try this highly rated joint on Yelp and did not disappoint. We came here about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday and was expecting to be packed. It wasn't so bad...maybe because we got there at 11. Its across from Balans on Biscayne Mimo district and literally in a motel. There are only few parking spaces in front so I suggest to park across at residential street by Balans. We stood in line for 5 minutes and seated right away outside. Inside was pretty busy already. I ordered Duck "McMuffin" (Duck Bacon, Smoked Gouda, Portuguese Muffin, Lemon Aioli, Sunny Up Duck Eggs, Duck Jus). Amazing and so filling and it came with homestyle potatoes which were also excellent (love the when they are little burnt and crunchy). My friend had Shrimp and Grits (Trugole Cheese, Neuske Bacon New Orleans style BBQ sauce). Yes...we agree with the reviews! Simply breakfast heaven creaminess! Service was super friendly and the crowd is young without the attitude :) This is a real gem and will keep coming back. I'd like to try the pulled pork benedict next time.
Very attentive service. Cozy, 8 table restaurant that is non pretentious, and  has simply great food. We had the  Potato panckakes (fresh, hot, crispy on the outside), I ordered the Veggie burger with Brussel sprouts instead of fries (very fresh and tasty),  My friends ordered the Chicken cordon bleau, Hamburger, and  fries. (they said  they were delicious) So many choices up on the daily board and on the menu. There is a daily rib, parmegian, and braised type of meat. I loved the many veggie options and can't wait to come back and try  a whole bunch of them.
My hubby and I just had dinner at BC last night, and will definitely be taking a trip back in the very near future. My husband ordered the burger, which he said was one of the best he tried. I ordered the veggie plate, which includes any 4 sides off the veggie chalkboard. You can't go wrong, everything here is excellent! Great place for a vegetarian.
This place is incredible. Yes they serve the usual breakfast fare, but it's all taken to another level. I went on Sunday and we had a table of four. I had been warned to get there early and so we arrived about 1050 (they open at 11). We got there just in time, within minutes there was a pretty large line forming. This place is tiny and tucked away, naturally it doesn't take much to fill. My friends were a little hesitant, as this place doesn't look like much, but our food changed all that. I had the cold brewed Panther coffee and it was just what I needed. (Now I get the hipsters obsession in Wynwood.) This coffee was like crack, loaded with caffeine and highly addictive. The food was amazing! I had the shrimp and grits with BBQ sauce. Luckily it wasn't real bbq sauce, it was closer to steak sauce and complemented the food perfectly. The waitress suggested I top it off with some eggs, so I did just that. YUM! Everyone else was equally satisfied, as we sat quietly scarfing down our food. Another highlight for me, was my friends light airy and delicious ricotta pancakes.  She even text me Monday morning saying she was still dreaming of them. So next weekend get up and go to Blue Collar, you won't be disappointed. If you are are one of those that don't enjoy breakfast foods, not to worry, you can order breakfast, lunch or dinner any time. I will be back soon.
It's so nice when a restaurant exceeds your expectations. I had been dying to try this place for awhile and finally got the chance Friday night. It's funny that it's attached to a shady looking motel, perfect for the name of the restaurant I guess. The parking lot is TINY but we got the last spot- fate? The restaurant is tiny ala NYC style. Prepare to be cozy with your neighbors and feel the occasional bump on the back of your seat as the waiters wiz by. We sat right by the kitchen and got to watch all the food as it was turned out so that was fun. I of course HAD to get the coffee thermos. I love that they serve locally roasted coffee (Panther) and that it's only $3 for an unlimited thermos (I only got through one..). They do have beer and wine that's really reasonably priced. It was a tough call on what to order for dinner. Everything sounds so good! I decided to get the veggie plate- 4 veggies for $14. But not just your run of the mill boring veggies. Four choices off a huge list of veggies done in exciting and tempting ways. After much deliberation I chose the sweet potato plantain mash, Brussels sprouts, warm potato salad, and the beets with goat cheese. Great choices because everything on my plate was sooo good. I think the star was the warm potato salad. It has chunks of bacon and a vinegary dressing and was addicting. I want more now. My least favorite was probably the beet and goat cheese salad but it was still really good. My husband ordered the Corben. The couple of bites I had were awesome. He had one of those moments where he thought it looked small but then had to force himself to finish it. I would probably get it just for the homemade applesauce that comes with it.. I  had to be held back from ordering dessert. But seriously there was a chocolate cake staring me in the face the whole time we were there and it looked delicious. I guess I'll just have to save it for next time!
I'm updating the rating because the owner deserves it by his sincere apologies and kind reply.
I am really fighting with myself in how many stars to give them.  So, I am going in the middle. I heard so many great reviews about this place.  I drive by this place everyday on my way to work and back.  I said there is no way I can't give it a try. I tried to come to this place 3 times apparently the third time is a charm.  HMMMMM I am not to sure about this. The first attempt was on my birthday.  We got there like 7:30 on a weekday, party of 6. There were a few tables open outside and inside was full.  I told the gentleman whom was seating us we were open for whatever came first.  Within 10-15 minutes the whole back row of the inside opens.  So, I figure he was going to seat us there. When he sat the 3 other parties that came well after us I got pretty mad but politely I inquired to why we were not sat.  He explained he could not sit a party of 6 inside.  I found that to be hard to believe because there would be no rearrangements of table to be done inside and would not disturb the follow.  So, I asked why we could sit outside where the tables were open he said he cannot rearrange the tables. Hmmm yet there was another group of four that moved two double tables to sit together.  Finally, after 45 minutes he said as soon as this one couple leaves we can put the two tables together.  I found it extremely comical that we could move tables now because before we couldn't.  I told my family I wanted to leave but they wanted to stay (since we already waited this long). 20+ minutes passed and the couple still did not leave even though they closed their tab 30 minutes prior to that.  After waiting a total of 1 hour and 5 or so minutes I got fed up and left.   Second attempt we went right at lunch closing time. Not their fault Okay. Third time, came with a group of four (I know they can sit four I saw it with my own eyes).  We got there for early dinner on a Sunday.  I think around 6:30pm it was a pretty full house inside since they open at 6pm.  So, we waited 20 minutes or so for a table inside since was way to hot to sit outside. Not a bad wait and defiantly not as long as last time.  So, we finally sit.  The service was Okay the food was good.  But nothing special.  Would I go again, only if friends really want to go. I honestly wish I did not have such a bad experience the first time.  I deterred me from going back for awhile. Maybe a few months.  What really pissed me off is I know if people that went with a party of 6 and was able to sit inside with no problem.
"I want to go to there." - Liz Lemon After reading so many rave reviews from fellow Yelpers I trust, I knew I had to go to Blue Collar. Last night I finally did. I met up with one of my best friends to celebrate some great news and I knew I had to suggest Blue Collar for dinner. You can read her rave review of our experience under Yelper Alicia P. What else can I say that hasn't already been perfectly written by my fellow yelpers? I am not sure. I can just agree while my mouth salivates thinking about all the delicious food I stuffed down my mouth last night - Mac, braised pork cheeks, mashed potatoes, asparagus with bleu cheese, and bread pudding. Service was great. Food was out of this world. Only semi-complaint is that this place is so small. But, honestly, that is NOT going to stop me from going back. I am going to bring my momma, poppa, brothers, sister, sister-in-law, cousins, fiance, boss and even yo' momma, too. This place is a MUST if you live in Miami or if you are visiting Miami. You can thank me later, preferably by treating me to dinner at Blue Collar.
Location can be better however they had wonderful food and service. We went on their anniversary date and got to try their bread pudding, DELISH. I ordered their burger and fries, both were wonderful. Can't wait to go back to FL to visit again. They are smaller restaurant so expect to wait if you're planning to go during high peak hours, they do have a patio so if you want to eat a casual dinner on a patio, it's an option :).
Blue Collar never disappoints. I have been to this restaurant countless times. For Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Week days, weekends, you named it. I have not once been disappointed or unhappy with any of my meals. This is a try 5 Star place.  Their Veggies and food overall are just out of this world!! Count me as a fan!! :) My favorites, the veggie platter with curry cauliflower pure, asparagus, brussel sprouts and mushrooms. The big ragu is awesome, whether you decide to have it with pasta or on a sandwich. Any Parmessan on their black board is always delicious, even the new Parmessan Tomatoes. And for dessert, Bread Pudding is the winner, but their chocolate cake is also excellent. I just absolutelly love this place!! :)
Went there for a Sunday brunch with my family. The wait was ridiculous but the food was awesome.  My BF had the steak and eggs and I Loved Brandon's breakfast! The Lemon pancakes were great. The shrimp and grits are divine.
We're back and this time we had a great experience!  Food great, hostess wonderful, owner always friendly and takes time to make everyone feel comfortable!  It's a real neighborhood gem that should be supported and frequented by everyone who loves great comfort food in a real family atmosphere.
People wait outside for this place even before they open their doors
Phenomenal every time I've been there and I've been there often.  As implied by the name this is basically blue collar food but cooked perfectly and often with gourmet flourishes.  Last time we were there my friend got the worst meal he'd ever had there and we laughed that even then it was still better than any of the other places we were thinking of going to at the time.   When you get to the location at first you'll be shocked that there's quality food to be found here.  It's basically inside a motel you'd never stay in and looks like it's actually part of the motel.  The restaurant itself is pretty small (8 tables plus a few outside) but cozy versus cramped (I'm 6'6" and never had a problem).  Danny the owner is extremely friendly and the open kitchen lends itself to a very congenial atmosphere.  It isn't a quiet space but again it's a good ambiance versus just noisy.   The merguez sausage and eggs was quite simply the best eggs I've ever had and I'm a big fan of eggs.  The oil from the merguez sausage blended beautifully with the egg yolk and perfectly complimented them.  Burgers are phenomenal and if you ask for them cooked with butter they're heavenly and worth the month you lose off the end of your life from the artery clogging they're surely inducing.   I really can't say enough good things about Blue Collar.  I almost wish the word didn't get out so it won't get even more crowded.
Sat brunch - empty when arrived @ 3pm, then it was packed during rain..it was okay, service good, brought fruit salad instead of mixed salad.  Yogurt topping on fruit was tasty. Eggs benny perfect.  All in all, just okay. Lots of veggie selection to try.  Brandons breakfast plate has it all but pancakes were more like crepes, berkshire sausage and a ton of bacon. No butter or jam at table but I didn't ask. Would've been nice if they offered. Eggs ordered over well came out sunnyside up.  Maybe it was because chef got slammed....A bit pricey..considering the food, atmosphere, tiny space when packed.  I prefer Sarabeths in Key West or NYC.
Saw this restaurant on the FOOD NETWORK! Right here in my backyard! The food was excellent, the service was great, and the atmosphere perfect. I am now a regular.   *I am a certified foodie. I do not lie. TRY!
Hand down my favorite place on this trip.  I wanted to hate it because it seemed total hipster, but I couldn't.  I went for a late breakfast/lunch and sat at the counter.  The guys working, albeit ubber casual, clearly enjoyed what they were doing and were super friendly.  They suggested a chocolate stuffed french toast which one of them had made that morning and it was phenomenal.  I enjoyed the place so much, I was back twice that week. The place is tiny, I imagine it's tough to get in.  Show some respect, and get there BEFORE you're starving and with your entire party, enjoy some great food and move on.
Went to Blue Collar for the first time on Sunday night.   I've been meaning to go check it out for a while especially after reading all the positive reviews & we were in the area so we decided to give it a try.  My husband ordered a chicken breast dish with vegetables on the side & since i always like to sample for future reference   I tried a little piece of the chicken & i have to say it was pretty ordinary.  It was moist which was a plus but the seasoning was nothing special.  I ordered a cheeseburger on brioche that came with fries.  I was very happy with how juicy & flavorful it was.  My only question is was it served on brioche as listed on the menu?  It looked & tasted like an ordinary hamburger bun with sesame seeds on it   In any case I still enjoyed it very much.  The fries weren't anything special but they were good nevertheless.   In conclusion,  I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back but if I happened to be in the area again I might give it another try
Only went here once, but I still crave this brunch! I can't wait to go back to Miami so I can eat here again... The lemon ricotta pancakes were the best I've ever had. I usually get excited when I see lemon ricotta pancakes on a menu and am usually disappointed, but not here! The shrimp and grits was also buttery and delicious. Also had the Watermelon and cucumber salad with spiced honey with was light and refreshing and a side of sautéed mushrooms because why not, I love mushrooms. When I was ordering I couldn't decide between the pancakes and the pulled pork benedict. The chef suggested I go with the pancakes but then ended up also giving us a small sample of the pulled pork with their special benedict sauce on the side! Also delicious! Doesn't look like much from the outside or inside but really delicious food, a real Yelpy gem!
This place made it to the top 5 brunches of my life! It is a tiny hole in the wall (of a motel) with only a few tables and a bar facing the kitchen. I had brunch there three days ago and I'm still thinking about it! I ordered Pulled Pork Benedict as my brunch plate because I am obsessed with pulled pork, poached eggs, and cornbread--all the sinful ingredients that make up this dish. The plate came with delicious little potatoes and could feed two people unless you have a ridic appetite. I also ordered the Panther Coffee cold brew, which was delish of course. My mom had shrimp and grits, which was the definition of 'comfort food.' For dessert, we ordered the Heath bar bread pudding, which comes with a homemade whipped cream and is spiced with cayenne pepper. WOW! I'm not a dessert person but I would definitely go back just for that dessert. They have a veggie bar, so you can ask for a plate with your choise of veggies cooked in creative ways. Overall, I had the hardest time picking something off the menu and drew up a list of choices, so I will definitely be heading back very soon!
Want to put something in your mouth and say, "ohhh that's good"? Then this is the place to go! A friend of mine recommended this place and I decided to try it with my 3 yr old before we went to a show in Miami. Getting off 95 to get to this place is a little scary (to say the least). But when you get into the restaurant you forget about the area. We went before the lunch rush, were seated right away and greeted by the cook (my friend let him know ahead of time that we were coming in). My son loves shrimp and broccoli, so they make a little plate for him. I had the brisket special. It was amazing!!!!! We shared a piece of the chocolate cake and I wanted to lick the plate clean. Defiantly would like to try the breakfast.
This was a yelp recommendation, and we just love it! Thanks you guys! Ok so it's in a run down motel, parking is limited but you can use side streets to park. The inside of the place is small, clean, and bright. They chose excellent color wall paint (light blue) to make a small area seem much larger. They have a sweet little terrace and the decor is very well executed for the space. The service was great! The food is epic! They have like 30 veggie options all done in yummy ways, and i dont even like veggies but i like these. The food Is delicious whatever you order you will like just be sure to order what you want. The price is fair. My biggest problem is always deciding what to eat. Ask lots of questions of you server because that will help you decided what to eat. How its made, what is in it etc. then you will be happy when you get your dish. I really want to try the brunch. I have no criticism of this place so i had to give it 5 stars!
Ditto the other reviews - don't be turned off by the Bates Motel next door. This place is the real deal.  It's a bit small so you may have to wait but it's worth it. Here's what we had that we liked - Pork and Beans - Brisket - Oxtail - Spare Ribs - Brussel Sprouts I also got the Latkes but I thought they were just ok (too built up in my head I think). Fun place!
I have eaten at this place twice. Very good home cooked type comfort food. Definitely a place I would go back to. Good food good beer good price
You know what? I'm not going to review this restaurant just yet. I was here yesterday to try their burger for Burger Month and honestly, that wasn't a $16 burger. The fries weren't great neither. Yeah, made with real potatoes but they were a greasy mess. They get like that when the oil isn't hot enough yet. The brussel sprouts, highly recommended by the waitress, were just missing "something." The best thing I had was their bread pudding. The grits my friend ordered were nice. Probably the best interpretation of grits I've had thus far. Too heavy, though. Feel free to message me on Yelp with any recommendations. But, for these prices, all the food should be amazing. Again, that was not a $16 burger. Did I go on an off day? For those prices I was expecting to be WOWed and, I was not. Of course, this does not include their service which is exemplary. I'll give them another shot in the near future. For now, three stars is all I'm issuing. Major PROPS to the owner for making nothing into something. I never would have imagined this restaurant there, in particular. Oh Hell, I guess I did sorta review them, eh? It wasn't "bad" that I wouldn't go back at some point. It just wasn't SO GOOD that I will go out of my way to eat there again.
Went here for a late brunch and am on the fence.  We ordered the pork and beans and the pancakes.  Both were okay but nothing special and certainly not worth the price ($12 or $13 each I think).  The pork and beans were literally a scoop of what seemed like regular ol' chili (even though description said sausage, it was really just ground meat) with two sunny side up eggs on top...could have used some heat or salt or something to give it a kick.  The home fries that came on the side were not very good, they were cut really small and were kinda mushy for my taste. The pancakes were standard, but the fresh blueberries were a nice touch, it just wasn't worth the price... As luck would have it, we received a complimentary order of the shrimp and grits.  I think they accidentally cooked it and had to get rid of it somehow, but I'm not gonna complain about free food! I'm happy too because it was one of the menu items I wanted to try for dinner.  It was good, but other places (yardbird comes to mind) does it better.  As with the pork and beans and home fries, it could have used some salt/spice or something... I can see myself coming back for dinner to try the veggie dishes and some of that heath bar bread pudding...
Went to lunch there with coworkers and was pleased to see lots of vegetable dishes prominently displayed on the menu as I'm Vegan (Fat-Free). My excitement quickly waned as I read the menu and discovered that almost all had cheese, butter and other animal proteins used in their preparation. I headed to the old standby of ordering a salad and was forced to "customize" a menu item by having the bacon withheld from it. I also had to request plain balsamic vinegar on the side as none of their prepared dressings were fat-free. My friends had absolutely fantastic looking sandwiches and lunches from a menu that someone has obviously developed very carefully. Very tasty, creative and satisfying dishes that would please almost everybody.....  Except the growing number of people that love good food, fun restaurants and eating with their friends - but don't, for whatever reason, eat animal proteins and/or added oils.  Even non-vegans look for fat free creative and tasty dishes! Absolutely a great place for meat-eaters and people not concerned about diabetes! I would probably pass on joining my friends there again..
Perfect place to eat some Yummie comfort food!! I asked three different serves what I should order and they each said "everything"... they were right!!! Soo good I went back three different times in one week.  French Fries to die for... Bread Pudding a must-have every time.
Some of the best new restaurant stories are that of the "chef owned/chef run" type, since they almost always lead to a more personal, intimate and human dining experience. Daniel Serfer's Blue Collar is precisely this, and the quality of the food backs him up in spades. It is located in a discreet but key location of Biscayne Boulevard, between 68th and 67th Street on the West side (parking is available on 68th St.). On my first visit I noticed Jean Pierre White's "The Devil In the Kitchen" and the Bouchon cookbook on the shelf, which made me feel right at home. The Lunch Menu has and appetizers/salads section followed by a burgers/sandwiches and 3 main plates. A large veg chalkboard complements the main plates and there are daily specials. The grilled Mahi Mahi was cooked to perfection, and so was the grilled chicken. All the vegetable sides we tasted were perfectly seasoned and the Mac n Cheese was creamy and at the precise right temperature (pipping hot, which is something some places can't seem to get right). On my second visit I went for the "Real Juicy" burger and I told Daniel he wasn't kidding when named his burger juicy. Every bit was tasty and moist and, as I like to say, no sauces were needed. By the way it is great to sit at one of the 3 bar seats with direct access to the Daniel's kitchen and team. You would think one man chef teams, or lack of Pastry Chef would miss on the sweets side, but the Bread Pudding at Blue Collar is one of the best I've ever had. Blue Collar is now one of my top destinations for lunch in the MiMo district, and I am eagerly awaiting to check out his recently introduced Brunch. Well done Daniel, we will see you loads Gj
Loved it.  Great vibe.  Food was awesome. Try the shrimp and grits with Canadian bacon.  One of the best dishes ever.  Ordered twice as much as we needed so we could try more.  Could have eaten everything on menu.  Desert was unbelievable too. Best bread pudding ever.  Chef/owner right there in open kitchen and visible.  Staff is attentive and accommodating.  Must try.
3.5? I was looking forward to my Duck McMuffin from reading all the rave reviews about it. That's the funny part about hyping up a dish--it doesn't always live up to the expectations. The concept I am a fan of. Duck bacon, smoked gouda, sunny side up duck eggs, with a lemon aioli and duck jus drizzled on top. It's like the ultimate duck benedict, but my issue was the duck bacon was too salty and that seemed to just overpower the dish. The Mac was a winner. DO THIS. I mean, order this. It's melty and cheesy and rich in all the right ways. This is the reason they get the extra half star from me. My boyfriend's big ragout sandwich was large. But he stayed in charge. Our waiter even commented that he was brave to eat it sandwich style instead of taking a knife and fork to it. The flavors were like an Italian party in your mouth. The veal-pork-brisket made a really delicious combination and the fresh mozzarella just held everything together nicely. The service was straightforward and timely. We must have come after the brunch rush so there was no wait for a table. That was a pleasant surprise considering how small this restaurant is and the fact that I get especially hAngry when I oversleep on a Saturday morning. Parking: in the adjacent motel parking lot which is fairly small or on the side of the building on 68th street. Random side note: is that hotel abandoned? closed? partially open? being renovated? or just really creepy? I'm still interested in their dinner menu and the bf still wants to try their burger. I was also at a disadvantage because I was on my Lenten no dessert restriction, which may have made the difference. So I'll give Blue Collar another chance to bump their star rating. I guess I'm just a little pouty that despite the glowing reviews, I didn't leave as big a fan as everyone else.
I've eaten here once, but I'm a big fan of this place.  The noodle place that previously occupied the same space was solid, but Blue Collar is a big upgrade.   We went on a Saturday around 10.  There was no wait, but the place was busy.  I had the cheeseburger on the server's recommendation.  It was very good.  My wife had a brisket sandwich with latkes and apple sauce (Oy).  We got sides of kale and brussel sprouts.  Everything was very solid.  The dishes I saw on the other tables looked good as well. The menu seems red meat heavy, but they also have great vegetable sides and veg plate.  The cuisine reminded me a little of The Federal, but the edge goes to Blue Collar.   Very good value too.  $48 total for the food and a beer.
The service and the food is great. Great place to go have dinner with a couple friends and chat away. The parking is pretty bad had to drive a few blocks to find some parking, but other than that I definitely recommend.
Not impressed with the food, and much less the service. Pretentious server who would take FOREVER to come by after trying to call several times, restaurant wasnt even full, i asked for the check 2 times and she kept forgetting and was texting and talking to other servers. Food she recommended simply SUCKED and she said oh well thats too bad, really displeased with everything and i USUALLY dont leave bad reviews unless ive had such a bad experience i have to come here to let others know.
If you die before you eat at Blue Collar, then you will have not truly lived. Danny, the Chef/Owner, can do no wrong on the stage better known to us as a kitchen. He and his staff are uber-friendly and attentive. I noticed Danny go out and explain a dish himself, crack jokes with another table, and give you a lot of attention at the bar. Yes, it's loud, because it's a small dining room, but it works. It's fun! Energetic! Not the place for a quiet date, but the place for a fun date. There's outdoor seating. Brunch and lunch have their own menus. Although it's a small restaurant, more of a joint, it's big on flavor and variety. If you're a vegetarian, there are a few choices for you, and I stress FEW, but Blue Collar is for omnivores. If you're on a diet, this is the place to go when you want to break your diet. If you're tired of the same ole shit everywhere else, this is where you go to be freed of the hum-drum. Here's what we had and my notes: *Saffron Aroncini - the tomato jam is amazing *Chanukah Latkes - with homemade apple sauce, such a comfort food *Marsha's Salad - GREAT! No, wait...IT'S AMAZING!!!! *Shrimp n Grits - You must! Perfect combo! Homemade grits, not instant. (My Cousin Vinny) *Billy Corben (Portuguese bread only in FL to have it) - Not on the menu. Not always available. Always good. Dip it in the gravy provided...YUMMMMMM!!!! *Clams Casino - I'm not a huge fan of clams in sauces, I prefer steamed with lemon, but very good. *Curried Cauliflower Puree - Fantastic. I actually like cauliflower now. *Heath Bar Bread Pudding - I don't like heath Bar nor do I like bread pudding all that much, together it's delicious *Chocolate Espresso Cake - ORGASMIC! Dessert is created by a 19yo pastry chef. From what I've been told, he's like a cherub being sent from heaven in the mornings to make what his heart desires. Therefore, there is no dessert menu. Regardless of when you're there and what's available, I doubt you'll be disappointed. Good beer selection and very well-priced. They carry Virgil's sodas and the Cream Soda was on point. TIP: Parking is a bitch in the area, but not if you know about their parking lot around the corner of the hotel on 68th. More than enough parking. Danny put together a fantastic restaurant, menu, and team. MARK MY WORDS: I'm going for lunch next week (week of 7/30) for the Cheese Steak.
My husband, a good friend and I were looking for a quick bit to eat last night and stumbled upon Blue Collar ... I can't believe it has taken me this long to stop in here, it was AMAZING!  The food was so fresh and the service was just wonderful.  We got there about an hour before close and the restaurant was buzzing.  We were seating after a five minute wait, during which time our server offer us beverages.  Once we were seated, we were met with another smiling face offering to explain the menu or give suggestions.  We ordered the Shrimp and Grits, Juicy Cheese Burger and Pasta Bolognese.  Everything came out hot in a very timely fashion.  Throughout our meal our server was very tentative and accommodating.  When our meal was over, all plates were clean; not a speck of food remaining.  We were so excited about the food that we had to try the desserts.  The Chocolate cake was like taking a little bit of heaven and the Blackberry Cobbler was so fresh and had just the right combination of sweet and tart with this shortbread topping that was to die for.  All in all the meal was amazing and I can't wait to go back!  Cheers to Chef Danny for such a wonderful experience!
Unique menu and great food. I'll definitely be back to try brunch.
Blue Collar is one of my most favorite places to eat in Miami. I would have given it 5 stars but I have not tried everything on the menu. The Scallops and Hash was a great dish. The Ox Tail and Mash Potatos another great dish. Let me say I highly dislike grits and never eat them, but when a friend kept egging me on to try them I did and asked for a couple of more bites. This was the shrimp & grits dish. The midnight sandwich egg rolls are so delicious. Perfect. Service is great. It's worth waiting for a table if not too packed. Have yet to try the brunch, there is always a huge line, so I don't bother... But one day soon I will wait in it... Highly recommended.
We had a mixed experience. The service was very friendly and quick but the food needs work. We ordered the crispy skin snapper and grilled mahi mahi. Both were very small portions for the price. The snapper was good, especially the curry sauce. It came with fried rice that was very salty. The mahi mahi was perfectly cooked but also horribly salty.  It came with brussel sprouts and cauliflower purée. The purée was good. I'm not sure what is blue collar about the place other than the server uniforms? The concept was not clear. It is a great little spot and I love the neighborhood but the food needs development.
This place is nothing but incredible! It reminds me of being back home in Houston.  The burger is the best I've ever had. The duck McMuffin is also amazing.  They have soylent green as a veggie on their menu, but I thought it had quite a "meaty" flavor. (Tee-hee!!). Service is always great. Atmosphere is fun. Great date place too!!
A parking nightmare but that is the only negative. The establishment is small but nothing too constricting. The staff was very knowledgeable and professional. The food was very good with a good amount of original twist. I had the Mac and Duck Mcmuffin and was very pleased with both. I will be returning soon as way to many dishes caught me eye and need to be sampled!
Had a very bad experience with the hostess, who the owner promptly let go. The food is very good (I get serious cravings for their shrimp & grits and vegetable dishes). This could really become a MiMo gem if it had properly trained staff and better dining areas (indoor/out) that can comfortably accommodate its growing customer base.
This place is small and typically has a wait, but the brunch is great! The coffee is incredibly delicious and served in a cute personal thermos and the number of delectable dishes makes it hard to choose. Go with a small party and share what you can. The pulled pork benedict is spectacular and shrimp and grits are well executed, spoken from a southern girl! Enjoy!!
Yummy food. Not healthy by any means but total comfort food. Went on a Sunday and there was a wait, we waited a while even though there were only 2 of us. The place was packed. Mind you, its a small place with only 10 tables and they did not have a hostess. We found it rather unorganized, since it should be eaasy to manage them. That is the only reason i do not give it 5 stars. I was telling my husband:" i hope this is worth it" and boy, was it ever. We had the tostones for an appetizer and they were delish. The food was solid yummy. We had codon blue chicken, the brisket and i had roasted beets with goat cheese .Everything was delicious!. Our waiter was very nice and after being seated we didn't have to wait for anything else, service was good and fast. Eveything is prepared to order right in front of you. We were a little hungover from the night before so this kind of food hit the spot. We shared the dessert which was a heath bar-butterscotch bread pudding which was excellent. Good job Blue Collar.!
I had heard so much about this place that is in my neighborhood and finally went for the first time about a month ago. I have since been back at least once or twice a week. The menu is fantastic! Especially the veggies. All I can say is WOW! I love veggies already but man, the way they season them is so delicious. I especially love the broccoli, the sweet potatoes and the shrimp n grits!
I have absolutely NOTHING bad to say about BLUE COLLAR!  The food is amazing! Portions are great, especially for sharing. But sharing is just a suggestion! You will have trouble putting down your fork at this place. My favorites at this place : 1. Mac and cheese. This Mac is gourmet cheese and bacon. Who can say no the bacon? 2. Mahi mahi with the veggie board gives you a great selection, especially of you're trying to eat on the healthy side 3. Banana bread pudding. If you're ever going to try it, do it here! It will never be the same again!
I actually think this spot is an upgrade from what Noodle Bar was. With that said, we stopped by for an early dinner on Sunday and had a really solid experience. I guess we were lucky with our timing because there was only one other table of guests when we arrived. We started with the media-noche sandwich inspired egg rolls - so good!  I thought it was a unique way of pulling together the flavors, and I would certainly get them again. Plus, the mustard sauce was delicious on its own. Down to the good stuff. I ordered the Crispy Skin Snapper which came with a side order of fried rice including rock shrimp. Very filling. The prices may be a little more than average, but the portions and quality of food justify it. My fiance had the Hanger Steak and he polished off his plate. We didn't get dessert because I was quite full from the meal, but I would skip the appetizer next time to save room for the cobbler which looked really good. We'll definitely be back, and hopefully for the brunch.
Our pilgrimage to Blue Collar began in Boston when while looking for restaurants to sample on a upcoming  visit to Fort Lauderdale, my husband discovered a NewTimes blog that listed "Miami's Best Macaroni and Cheese Dishes..". It's all true.  Chef Daniel Serfer is serving some of the best mac and cheese I've ever tasted. As well as some of the best latkes, braised oxtail, clams casino, and everything else we were served. The first night we went, we had a long wait despite having what I thought was a reservation. However, the hostess was charming, friendly, and attentive.  We passed the time with a delicious Pinot Gris, and were happily surprised when we  were sent their signature Chanakah latkes to tide us over. Hot and crisp with a tender center, and served with homemade applesauce; they were so good we had to order two more once we were sat. The shrimp and grits are definitive, the pork and beans have been deliciously reinterpreted, and in case I was not clear before, consuming the macaroni and cheese is a moment divine. Chef Serfer's food is all about flavor. Big, mouth filling, taste-bud saturating flavor.  Service is enthusiastic and sincere if at times a little hit and miss. but food knowledge is high: our server knew every dish we inquired about. And if we were'nt aready in raptures over our meal. a visit from the chef during dessert was the perfect ending.  (BTW. The bread pudding cannot be missed) Our first experience had us wondering what we would want to order the next time we came in. We went back the next night. And we will be back again.
Wow! Amazing! I'm so glad I finally got to try Blue Collar !!! I was lucky enough to join a long time friend of mine to catch up so the experience was even better. Everything I had here was good!!! You can't beat that! So got there a little early and wanted to check out the place. After circling a few times I figured out that it was next to a scary motel that looks like it was used in Scarface lol. Once I got settled and ran inside, I felt safe and sat at the bar to wait for my friend. I loved being able to see the chef in action. Amber, the server who greeted me and was with us the whole night, was so sweet and really made me feel welcomed. I made some conversation with her to pass the time as she poured me a glass of Malbec. The wine selection is pretty good and inexpensive. The bottle was only $30, and the glass is $8 so just get the bottle. Finally, my friend arrives and we sit in the patio. It was perfect weather so we were pleased. We ordered the tostones with the pulled pork and cilantro sauce. The flavor was very good, but the texture of the tostones could have used a little help. I'll blame it on the fact that they may have been made earlier in the day. No worries I ate it all anyway, the pulled pork was tender and flavorful and went nicely with the sauce. I thought it would be too rich but it wasn't. Next we ordered the muscles. OMG! Party in my mouth! Lol and with the Malbec it was such a great combination of flavor. The seasoned used for the white wine reduction was perfect. That little addition of blue cheese crumbles was such a nice surprise! You must have these if you like seafood! After some more great conversation, we had the spicy ox tail. Pricey but worth it. I was feeling bold after a few glasses of wine and said, "what the hell it's not my moms but I'll try these" (shhh don't tell her I liked them) they were cooked very well. Texture was just right and it wasn't fatty like I have seen in other places. Paired with the mash potatoes, which is making my mouth water all over again. Sweet and creamy to ease the spice, everything is so well thought out here! Last I couldn't leave without trying the Heath bar bread pudding. You have to have this dessert!!!! That white stuff served with it is not ice cream, but a whipped topping of some sort that was light and balanced the sweetness of the pudding perfectly. After a few bites you get the overwhelming feeling, but as soon as you put the spoon down, your tongue asks for more! How could this be? Well thought out balancing of flavors that's how! The only reason they don't get the 5 is because of the location. That motel is a turn off for me. The check was only $111. Everything is reasonable priced for the quality your getting, trust me. I love this place and I hope you enjoy it too. Come pay then a visit.
Location and setting are less than ideal, other than the restaurants in that area of town Little Haiti is not pretending to be anything but Little Haiti.  Blue is stashed in a side pocket of a sketchy hotel with very limited parking, it's probably tougher to park than score an 8 ball of coke, good luck finding a spot. Rock Shrimp Mac n Cheese & Shrimp n Grits came out quick and like Warren Jeffs its had us believing the hype.  Small portions for the price, and the growth deficient shrimp were almost as small as a grit, but taste was great and I'd def recommend both dishes. The pork/beans/egg app was also real good but not big enough for sharing. Stay away from the entrees. Big Ragout sandwich is a hot sloppy mouth blistering bread soggying greasy disaster, proof is in the pics. The bread fell apart instantly, so that left me with this cat food-esque meat on my plate smothered in cheese, took 2 painful bites and passed. Spare Ribs were basically just ribs, no meat, I took about 8 bites and came up with meat in 1 of those, not a good ratio.  Philly Cheese was good but nothing earth shattering.  Chicken looked very good and if I didnt eat chicken the other 6 days of the week that wouldve been a safe bet, along with the burger. The side dish menu is impressive, but the ones we ordered were mostly skippable. The brussel sprouts were very good...the fries were burnt and seemed re fried and just aren't worth it.  The sweet potato mash was like pumpkin carving.  The broccoli was covered in some unnecessary sweet sauce, cooked good though.   Bread pudding was the best dish of the day, a top 5 pudding.  It's warm and comes with ice cream and will leave you with a great memory of this place.  You're not missing out if you skip the cobbler. Apps and desserts are too good to ignore, the potential is here but 8 months in it's an unfinished product.
This place is great.  Food was delicious and staff was really nice. The chef came over to introduce himself and gave us a free dessert.  Tons of veggie options too. Definitely one of my new favorites in the area.
Without a doubt this is the best restaurant in Miami. Totally unpretentious as it is in  a rundown motel. But don't let that fool you, they have some serious good eats. I still haven't tried everything on the menu because a few of their dishes are just too damn good to not order. Here's what you should get your first time: (listen to me, if I had a super power it would be ordering the best things on a menu..) Shrimp and grits-even if you are allergic to shrimp get it. It's worth whatever the repercussions of an epipen are... Braise- This is part of the rotating menu, the braise is always amazing. Don't ask what the braise of the day is, just do it! latkes- Fried potatoes are always a good idea, throw in the best applesauce in the world and you have a jewish orgasm in your mouth... duck McMuffin-only available for brunch, but it is a must. Veggie board- They all could turn any kid into a veggie eater, but....get these: Cauliflower puree, butternut squash, onions, brussels. The only restaurant that rivals this place is in madrid...
OH MY GOD. I've found it! I've really, really found it! The Blue Collar, in my opinion, is the BEST place in the city of Miami to sit down and enjoy a delicious meal. You don't need to get all dressed up, or be rich to enjoy it. All you need is a good attitude, and a hearty appetite. Also, I'm pretty sure they have resurrected my grandma and have her working back there in the kitchen. It's that good. Seriously. I really am in love with the blue collar and will be a lifetime customer. Those who know me know that I don't usually rave about restaurants but damn, this place is that good. You owe it to yourself to try it.
Just had brunch and like it very much, the service and food was amazing. My only suggestion to the chef/owner is to clean the floors, so they do not feel greasy and slippery. We sat close to the kitchen low wall and it was a bit dirty. We will go back to try more some of the delicious sounding food from their menu.
Great service!!cute spot & Amazing food!!! The Cuban spring rolls are a must!! The Mac & cheese with bacon was on point!!! The vaca frita tostones were fab!! We did 3 appetizers and a piece of chocolate cake with 2 glasses of milk.... It was perfect! Not pricey, if you're a fan of the eating house & bread & butter, you'll like this place. The only negative, parking is a little tough.
I had heard about Blue Collar from a few friends and everything I heard was absolutely positive. Last night, my hubby and I were in the mood to take a little trip off the beach - I know, I know, we had to go digging for our passports but we found them! - to explore the pulsating culinary world of Wynwood and Belmead. Not really knowing where our travels would lead us, we happened to pass by a boutique hipster restaurant located in one of the old Art Deco Hotels. I immediately recognized the name and thought, "what the hell, let's give it a shot." When we arrived, I immediately recognized that Blue Collar wasn't just a boutique restaurant, it was teeny tiny with no more than about 20 tables - each of which was jam packed with hipsters, homos, and other fab peeps. Within a few minutes, the over-enthusiastic waitress had us sitting at a table for two right next to the open faced kitchen, which was a great spot in terms of getting a good view of all the action in the kitchen; however, it was also a little annoying since there were often times my boyfriend and I could barely hear each other talk over all the clickity clackiting of the waiters, line cooks, and bussers. After a few minutes, we got used to all the action (a couple of ice cold beers definitely helped calm our nerves). In fact, one of the first things about Blue Collar that really got me going was the assortment of beers available - some on the menu and some seasonal. My boyfriend opted for one one on the menu, while I veered off and tried a beer called the Holy Mackerel, which was DELICIOUS. With our libation beginning to work in all its fabulous glory, we moved on to more solid options, beginning with the shrimp in grits and a Cesar salad. As someone from the south, shrimp in grits is just something I can never pass up if its on a menu, and I was curious to see what Blue Collar would make of this traditionally southern dish. To my wonderful surprise, it was a completely unique take. The shrimp was obviously served with a large creamy dose of grits but to add a little extra kick to the dish, it seems the chef added small pieces of chicharon in a nice jus. It was amazing! The Cesar salad was of course a Cesar salad, but it was perfectly prepared as well. Fresh romaine lettuce lightly doused in a semi-peppered dressing. I would certainly recommend the salad. After the first course, we were both pretty full, so we decided to split an entree. One of the specials of the evening was a plate of spare ribs served with some sort of potato and bacon mixture. The homemade sauce on the ribs was excellent - a perfect blend of vinegar, sugar, and everything nice. To top it off, the the ribs were also tender and pretty much just fell off the bone. As someone who can't resist brussel sprouts when offered, I just had to place a side order, and was very happy I did. The caramelized brussel sprouts (which the waiter happened to forget to put in with our original order but was able to get them to the table pretty quickly after I pointed out the error) were PERFECT! I am not completely sure how the chef prepared them, but I have a feeling it is with a lot of love and even more BUTTER! And we all know that butter makes EVERYTHING taste better! The brussel sprouts were so great in fact, my boyfriend who hates them actually had a few bites and even said they were pretty good. Kudos to you chef! Unfortunately by the end of the meal we were too full to try any dessert, but we did see an assortment of desserts pass our table, all of which looked delicious and if the quality of the food was any indication, I can only assume they too would have been great! Overall, the experience was fantastic. Our bill, which included four beers, a salad, an appetizer, and one entree came out to $80 excluding tax and tip. While my boyfriend says that he is not sure the experience was worth the money, I on the other hand felt the meal was more than worth it and can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu options. As for the service, I will say that it is kind of like an "all hands on deck" kind of feeling. We did have one waiter throughout the evening, who spent most of his night fluttering around the restaurant from one table to the next and constantly reminding us that he would be with us in a minute; however, anytime we really needed anything whichever waiter, busser, or even the hostess would walk by, they would make sure we were taken care of. Anyhow, as you can tell, my experience was certainly a great one and I look forward to going back to Blue Collar again to see what other great dishes the chef has in store for me. On a side note, when I asked Chef Daniel Serfer about his culinary background, he gave me a brief summary that included a six year stint at Chef Allen's in New York. Blue Collar is definitely a place you should put on your culinary agenda! I know it will now become a regular on my rotation.
Thank you Daniel for making my birthday with friends so very special. You are a man of your word. We walked in and the table was waiting. Everyone could not have been kinder. The food was superb, as always. Thank you for creating your wonderful restaurant Blue Collar. It is the best!  Roberta Quinn
Cozy restaurant with a cohesive selection of American and European inspired dishes. Highlights are the vast number of vegetable options, and the courteous and efficient service. Ambiance is lively, expect to seat at close proximity to other guests. We shared a salad and the mussel appetizer, and it was more than enough. Will definite be going back.
Oooh... This place is great. Very laid back spot with excellent food. Staff is friendly and more than happy to give you recommendations. Expect to wait when you arrive as it is on the small side. Don't fret about standing outside while you wait to be seated, there is plenty to look at along Biscayne Boulevard and in the motel itself. Oh! did I mention the restaurant is in a motel. After eating here and at Red Light I think I am a fan of the seedy motel eatery. Your best bet is to order a bunch of entrees and share. Everything was good with the exception of the croquettes; good idea, just not there yet. Make sure you have the Heath Bar Bread Pudding and some coffee before you go. They serve Panther Coffee and it is absolutely delicious, will be checking them out soon. Buen provecho!!!
Really,Really Good! Why have I not heard of this place before??  Its TINY & looks like its part of a shady motel. I only went in on the recommendation of people in the nearby gym.  IT WAS THE BEST!!  Fresh & unique I couldnt stop eating even tho I was soo full.  Best brussel sprouts Ive ever had, curried cauliflower mash, Artichoke hearts & beets with goat cheese- everything was so tasty, crispy, creamy, salty. I cant wait to go back!   My friend and I also shared Mussels in white wine sauce and some other beyond delisous stuff. And the Butterschotch heath bread pudding!  I just might go back tonight!
My friends and I decided to come here after seeing all the great reviews. And I was surprised that all four of our dishes were not great at all. The place itself is very tiny and has a casual atmosphere. Not a good place to bring a date. The food was mediocre and expensive for what we got. I ordered their ossobucco special. Honestly, ale house's ossobucco is better and half the price. At blue collar, the meat was tougher and the flavor was eh. My friends had the same reaction as they felt everything was sub-par and overpriced. I'm not sure what the appeal is to this place if all four of us were unanimously agreeing. Dine elsewhere, Yelpers!
I am a fan of Blue Collar. I went here for lunch last week, and it blew me away. So much that I took my friends back for dinner a couple days later. The specials definitely hit the spot. I especially liked the spicy ox tail with scotch bonnet peppers and mashed potatoes.  The mac and cheese was really good, especially for sharing.  My friend ordered the vegetarian platter consisting of 4 sides, the curried cauliflower, sweet potato mash, roasted beets with goat cheese, and brussel sprouts.  They put just as much care into that dish as they did any of the others.   This place is going to stick around for a long time. Next time I'm in Miami, I'm definitely coming back.
OMG. THE HANGER STEAK WAS THE BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD. We went with a small group and every single person loved their food. We loved each other's food. The service was great. I can't even explain how amazing this place was. JUST GO.
The restaurant is a lot smaller than I thought, that doesn't matter though because it was amazing! I love these boutique type restaurants, if that's how you'd want to refer to it. The host was very tentative of us from the moment he saw us, gave us a drink menu as we waited but we didn't need to order anything as we were seated basically right after that. The service was great, since it's a small restaurant, there were only a few employees and all of them helped each other out (what it seemed like)... I loved it. The food: we started with the tostones that has vaca frita (flank steak) on top with some sauce... AMAZING. My boyfriend said he could have had a way more if they thought more. Luckily it was only four... Great start to the meal. We both ordered the "real juicy cheeseburger" (how adventurous of us) and ordered it medium. It was probably one of the best burgers we have ever had... The bread (can't remember what type) definitely contributed. I ordered corn on the cob on the side (two came with it) and it was delicious! My boyfriend had the curry cauliflower purée (we were not a fan) it wasn't bad just not our preference. We also shared the "mac" (mac and cheese) that was amazing as well!!!! So delicious, the cheese and just everything about it. Finished it off with some American coffee (panther coffee). The meal/experience was great and I definitely recommend this restaurant!
Came here again and ordered the Ragout over pasta and let me tell you it is like an orgasm in your mouth with plenty of meat...lol...no pun intended!! I would recommend though that because the serving is so big to the point that I took most of it to go and it feed the hubby and I alot of lunch the next day! Also, a little disappointing but hey you can't hit the mark on everything was the warm potato salad...it was a little tooooo vinegary for me!
Good food....Bad attitude.   First rule for a successful business, "The customer is always right ", especially when they are.
One of the best Philly Cheese-Steaks I've ever had.  Great food, great service, decent prices.
Let's call a spade a spade.  I post very few times and in one of my previous posts I spoke of Gigi's being one of Miami's best restaurants.   My thought is that this place is better then Gigi's.  Great food, can't wait to go again.
The two occasions that I have eaten here have been excellent. I have had the braised dish and it's been very good. The meat is extremely tender. The wife had the snapper and corvina and both times plates were left clean. My daughter had the parm and she preferred the chicken over the veal. The pasta was al dente. Space is small and your clothes will smell like food but it's well worth it.
A hip place where omnivores and herbivores  can both enjoy a meal. I've gone for both lunch and dinner, and both were fantastic. I can't wait to try the brunch menu. The service is good and so are the prices.
One of the best restaurants in Miami. Situated in the back of a motel, this unassuming restaurant has a cool vibe, great food for an even better value. All of the vegetables are awesome, the oxtail is superb and they also have a good brunch. The owner/chef, Daniel, is a really cool guy and is a badass cook! We love this place.
amazing opening night! excellent variety of dishes, all were great and the portions were generous. very nice, friendly atmosphere. overall, great meal and a lot of bang for your buck.
Big Ragout sandwich and the shrimp and grits are definitely worth writing home about! Was incredibly impressed with the great quality and service of the food at Blue Collar.  I will be back as soon as possible to enjoy this hidden gem!!! Great job guys! Cheers!
My friends might have hyped this place up so much, that by the time I went everything had gone to shit. The host was very rude and I had the tostones with vaca frita, didn't blow my mind. I did try my friends macaroni and cheese which everyone said it was amazing it was very good but nothing that i have to go back again for.
well came here and it wasa little tricky to par but once you are in the place was good.service was good and with a smile. the food was very good i had a huge sandwich called the Harbour sandwich with different cuts of meats wow. pretty good . i went on a slower day so took my time and had some of the best cream soda ive ever had . the meat was good and sauce too. bread to a tee!  place was old original and the smell hummm looks like a casual place with great food . cant wait till try the rest!
I saw this on diners, drive in and dives and thought I should check it out. I seriously loved it!! The host Cass was amazing...he was so welcoming. We had a party of 5 so we waited 45 minutes but Cass was very entertaining and nice that the wait time went by fast. We sat down outside and had the most wonderful server...she was very good at recommending food. The Mac and cheese was awesome. The servings are big so I recommend sharing so you have room for the delicious dessert. If you're in town this is a must go and it's worth the wait!!
Went in two days in a row this week. First day had the fish Po Boy with sweet potato wedges. Good and fresh, but not amazed. Tall boy for $3 made my day. My lunch mate had the big ragout. Based on that visual, I had to go back. That and the harassment from the chef... We had just gotten done lifting heavy shit and were wearing official gym dude douchbag uniform and he called my lunch mate out for being such a big dude but not being able to handle a 'little sandwich'. HA! Awesome. Lunch Mate finished it and Chef comped dessert to the table. Style + atmosphere. Second day went back and got that Big Ragout with no intention of finishing. Turned that bad boy into lunch + dinner for me & my 2 year old boy. It was every bit as amazing as I thought it would be, and just as good reheated in the oven 5 hours later. We'll be back to have those fries baked into the sandwich for an official multi sandwich dude eat off. Perfect place for lunch if you've got time for a nap after. I like naps. I love lamp.
the best comfort food in the mia.GREAT SERVICE WITH GREAT FOOD IT DOESNT  GET BETTER EXCEPT FOR PRICE AND THEY HAVE THAT BASE COVERED AS WELL.JUST THE PLACE FOR FRESH GOOD FOOD WITH GREAT ATMOPHERE.what more do you want .You wont be disapointed
Once again I reserve my 5 stars for a restaurants that stands out from the rest. They are many factors to consider when giving a business a perfect rating. Blue Collar's food is amazing! I can sit here and write an essay on why but I won't bore you. Straight to the point.. One of a kind cuisine that will leave you wishing they had one right by where you live. Just go and try it like right now. Enjoy
It has almost become a cliche to review this place.  How do you review the Darling of Yelp? How can you possibly say anything new about a place that everyone gushes about and is on everyone's list of must-eats in Miami?  I guess that's why I have held off on reviewing Blue Collar until now, although I have been a patron since it opened where American Noodle Bar (not a gay bar, btw) once was. Yes, Blue Collar has a legion of loyal, rabid Yelp fans, seconded only by Beliebers who will tell you that this is where Jesus will dine upon his Second Coming.  If you haven't come here and read the reviews, you imagine that to get there, you only have to follow the beam of light that shines on it from the sky above, lighting it like a perpetual halo... even at night!  The truth is that yes, Blue Collar is amazing, serving up creative dishes, prepared with care, an attentive staff, a good vibe and has managed to remain unpretentious amidst its staggering success.  It proves that you don't need a celebrity chef (that terms still makes me want to soap-out my mouth!) or swank digs and charge an arm and a leg to be a great dining experience.  It serves juicy meats, has an incredible veggie board (beets?  Sunchokes?!) down-home goodies like mac n' cheese and bread pudding, and even a nice selection of beer to wet your whistle and satisfy your refined palate.  But at the end of the day, it is a restaurant and just that!  It is tiny as all heck, doesn't take reservations, is right on Biscayne so outside diners get free exhaust fumes with their meal, has a limited spice palette, and parking is next to impossible unless you plan to dodge the Biscayne traffic and park across the street!   So, yes.  Blue Collar deserves the accolades it gets for being full of awesome and yes, it is proof that you don't need your mug on TV or the need to pour artesian water drawn by eunuchs at the mouth of the French Alps and mule-carried to the States to reduce its carbon footprint, to be successful... but lest I piss of the Yelp gods, it is just another example of the great dining experiences we have in Miami. That being said, you should definitely dine there!
I'd give it 4 stars except for the exceptional service I received here.  Amazing for Miami. Mom and I ordered the Shrimp & Grits and also the Corben sandwich to split.  Immediately, my mom noticed a lipstick mark on her iced tea glass and, without saying a word, a bus boy saw us looking at it and came right over with a new glass of iced tea.  No asking, he just arrived.  Voila. The food was great.  The Corben wasn't anything out of this world but the Shrimp & Grits are a must.  We came late for lunch and they were out of the Ragout Sandwich, which is what we were looking forward to enjoying.  Our waitress was so friendly and warm, it was like we weren't in Miami anymore. Finally, we ordered the piece de resistance!  You MUST get the Heath Bread Pudding with Spicy Whipped Cream.  I could've had one all to myself it was that good.  All in all, a fantastic meal and great service. After paying, Mom decided she wanted to purchase an iced tea to go.  They would have none of that.  They simply called it a "refill" and gave us a brand new iced tea in a to go cup.  The service here is OUTSTANDING!
I went for Bruch, there was a long wait but I was Lucky that there were seats open at the bar. The place is small but nice. I had the pulled pork eggs Benedict. It was really good the only bad thing is that I was so full after I finished that I couldn't try the bread pudding. Well, an excuse to come back!!!
Blue Collar has become local legend now and the reasons are simple, delicious dishes served by a very attentive wait staff at very reasonable pricing. If you haven't tried some of my favorites check these out next time you go to BCR Miami! The best cheeseburger in greater Miami (seriously "best of list" have no clue!) ANY parmesan, my fav is the eggplant! followed by chicken! The Mac and Cheese (with shrimp) is fabulous! The jambalaya is spot on! I gaar-run-tee! And of course the veggie board! No other restaurant in Miami serves up as many fabulous fresh vegetable selections! And if you haven't been to brunch on Saturdays or Sundays, what is your problem... Go now immediately! And save room for desert! I won't describe them, just save room for one!! Blue Collar Restaurant Miami! YUM! GO GET SOME!
I've been to Blue Collar once. The food was good, the service was good, and the prices are very reasonable (especially for Miami!).  I wouldn't say that I was wowed enough to say in a few weeks, "I really want to go back to Blue Collar". The hits were the macaroni and cheese, bbq baby back ribs and potato salad, and shrimp and grits. The bbq sauce that came with the ribs was oh-so-tasty, but the ribs itself could've been a bit more tender. The not-hits-but-not-misses were the pork osso bucco and mahi-mahi; they were cooked well (the pork osso bucco was super tender) but were a little on the bland side for me. I love that they have so many vegetables on the menu. Note: Restaurant parking can be found if you turn right on the street that is immediately prior to Blue Collar (if Blue Collar is on your right). It's a little dark and hidden, but it's there!
My favorite restaurant in Miami!  I am a sucker for this place and always leave extremely satisfied.  My all-time favorite dish here is the braised oxtail (if you enjoy hot/spicy food, ask for it to be made that way!)  Whenever I take others here, I always encourage the table to get a veggie plate to split as an appetizer.  The curried cauliflower, the corn on the cob, and the sweet potato/plantain mash are my favorites.  The staff goes out of their way to make you feel like you're part of the family and you're enjoying your meal in the comfort of good friends while dining there.  They often joke with the patrons and truly go out of their way to make the experience a personal one.  Any time anyone from out of town visits, I try to take them here as I think it stands out amongst many other restaurants in Miami that have great food but lack the connection with the customer.
Take these comments with a grain of salt because it was within their first month of being open. These are things that can easily be fixed with some adjustments in cooking and settling in. Overall I like the restaurant, the decor, and the menu ideas are solid. The tostones were cooked to long and tasted a little burnt. But the Vaca frita was good. Egg was over done for the pork and beans but the flavor of the pork and beans was good. Tomato sauce was fresh and tasty so were the pizza rolls, they were very nice. Shrimp and grits was solid and had a lot of flavor Tile fish was a standout with the creamed curried cauliflower and the sautéed wild mushrooms. Terrapin and cigar city are good choices for the beer selection Service was pleasant but you can tell they just started up. it was confused and still settling. I would absolutely try this place again and wish them the best of luck with getting everything together.
My daughter likes to venture knowing restaurants offering innovative menus  and I'm a little more traditional. Today she invited me to Blue Collar; at first I was not completely convinced   but when we got there for  brunch, my opinion changed immediately  the atmosphere is very friendly, very clean and the food, OMG, the food is absolutely delicious, I got the Artichoke Benedict, which is to die for. Definitely I have to take my husband because he is absolutely  traditional, but I know he will enjoy it.
The Blue Collar occupies the space where the American Noodle Bar briefly existed. It is a tight space and tends to be a little loud, but the ambience is filled with great conversation and friendly/engaging staff. We missed the dinner rush and did not have to wait for a table. The food it really good, although we found the portions small for the pricing. We sampled the Mac and Cheese (highly recommended), clams (not fresh and the meat was meager),  burgers (too well done for being medium-rare), veggie burger was perfect with a side of asparagus.  Finally the group shared a slice of breadpudding. Which was excellent and perfectly moist, it could have used another handful of raisins.
Two things you need to know: - They won't seat you until your entire party is present so don't invite your Cuban friends (I'm Cuban, I'm warning you) - Parking is available by Chase Bank or alongside the hotel. Don't worry, you won't get towed. I came here for my cousin's birthday last night. I will say first off, service was exceptional and for that, I am thankful. The host gave us risotto bites while we waited which was very nice since we were standing outside for an entire hour. Wait times are ridiculous but I get it...it's a Saturday night and we were a party of 6. Plus this place is tiny. There should really be some chairs or sofas or something...even if it's in the parking lot. Hungry and standing for a long period of time is not the best idea. Good thing, I was in the company of fun people so the time flew by quickly. The food was ok, to say the least. Maybe my expectations were high because these reviews/photos are amazing...but I wasn't very wow'd but all of it. The mac 'n cheese was good and the vaca frita tostones were good but nothing to call home about. I tried my friend's hanger steak and it was alright. The fries were good. My cousin had the ribs and she loved it. The key lime pie was good. Homemade whip cream - Yum. In my opinion, the tostones were a little too hard but my best friend loved that about them so it all depends on what you like. The sauce on top of the vaca frita was a little too heavy but again, it's all up to your tastebuds. It's not a bad place but for 4.5 stars I was expecting a lot more.
This place is a clash of working mans diner meets elegant dining but comes together here in a very eclectic blend but this place pulls it off well. the staff is nice & very on top of things. Food came out hot and presentation was great if I'm ever back in Miami this will be a stop
My fiance and I were looking for a new place for brunch this morning, so we consulted Yelp. The reviews for Blue Collar were great and the menu looked very interesting, so off we went. Luckily, we got there a few minutes before opening (11am on Sunday) because there was already a line! We knew we had hit the jackpot with this place because nobody in Miami gets up on a Sunday before noon! We were the last people in line to get a table. Our server, Cass, was super nice :)  Extra points for being a Liev Schreiber look-alike!! He was very attentive to us, and everyone else seated around us. The Duck McMuffin was delicious. Both of us ordered that. Homemade duck bacon is all I have to say. They also serve Panther Coffee!! We were stuffed and couldn't handle dessert, but will be back for sure!
I know they don't need anymore great reviews, but one more couldn't hurt! I've been coming here since Billy Corben (of Rakontur Studios) tweeted about an off menu item that they eventually named after him and put it on the menu. Something about that sandwich haunts my dreams (in a good way) since I always over order food I take home one of the left over sandwiches and find myself coming back to the fridge eating that baby cold. I feel like a savage, but it's one of my favorite parts about it: tastes even better as a leftover. BUT THAT'S JUST MY OPINION!
On out first visit we had brunch food and weren't too impressed. The duck bacon and eggs didn't do it for me but could just be personal preference. The breakfast wrap was good. On our second visit, we ordered entrees and finally left very happy. Something as simple as a chicken breast was seasoned so deliciously I savored it like a filet mingnon. The curried mashed cauliflower and the Brussels sprouts were just as yummy, I will definitely order again. Boyfriend had the lamb ribs with tzatziki, so good that he gave me the evil eye when I took a whole rib. With these reasonable prices I wish they were closer to home so we could swing by more often. Update: more delicious food. Mac n cheese was pretty good, but the BBQ pork Benedict was just perfect. Ingenious twist on classic flavors. Love this place!
Definitely a must go to in Miami. The sides are absolutely incredible. I had the asparagus which was amazing and the butternut squash which was by far the best I've ever had. Along with that sides, I had mahi mahi cooked for perfection and tried the vaca frita tostones which was also delicious. No meal is complete without the bread pudding. If not for anything else, go for the bread pudding...
Great restaurant in the emerging food scene of Little Haiti. If you are from Miami, do not let the neighborhood scare you... Brickell, Edgewater, Wynwood, MiMo and Little Haiti have changed considerably and are worth trying. I went to dinner with a group of 6 girls after a night of painting up the street. We were able to order a lot and share family style... which was great. Everything was delicious Starters: Cuban Sandwich Spring Rolls- cool presentation and great taste Duck McMuffin - if you love duck you must get it Mac - delightful feel good food done well Veg Chalkboard... everything was great and what an awesome concept! Main: The Big Ragout - Awesome taste... a ton of food! All and all a great night out with very good food and ambiance.
Great food!!!! If your in the area you have to stop by. Plus they have Solent Green!
Surprisingly empty for a Friday lunch but picked up closer to 1 pm. Thankfully there was an open spot in the small adjacent parking lot... I was gonna be pissed if I had to walk far on a hot Miami summer day. First impression... Service is outstanding. Inside is small and hot with tables too close together. So much so that the guy next to me became my best friend... Though came in handy when he started using the menu as a fan and I got some of the residual breeze. I was pretty uncomfortably warm the whole time which impacted my enjoyment of the food. The Mac and cheese was on the appetizer menu but the serving size was quite large. It was tasty and had a little kick. It was heavily sauced in bechamel so if you like a saucy Mac and cheese this ones for you. I also got the shrimp and grits appetizer, again, a good size. It was just okay. All of the food came out super hot. I got full fast and ended up packing up most of my meal in boxes. Maybe I will enjoy it more at home where the temperature is under 80 degrees. I had really high expectations of this place and feel bad giving it only 3 stars because the service was so good. But I am definitely disappointed :-( my boyfriend said the burger was just okay. The bun looked burned, I'm surprised they served it. I'm sure if we had been honest about how we felt they would have gone above and beyond to give us something we liked... That's just the kind of place this is. I'm not sure if we will return.
Love it! The food is awesome! The chef is great! The service is cool amd attemtive! It's worth the price! I have gone for dinner and brunch amd love it!
If you're looking to switch up your brunch scene, I highly recommend you try Blue Collar.  They hit all the classics from omelets to french toast but do so with a twist.  Their veg chalkboard allows for a mix and match of what vegetarians dreams are made of and the duck mcmuffin successfully satisfies everyone else. I also have to acknowledge the mac n cheese, as it is one of the best I've yet to taste.   This place is worth the wait- once you're seated the service is quick and waiters are friendly.
I arrived with only mild expectations and left extremely pleased. Love the location -- tucked into an unpretentious art deco motel on Biscayne. I also love this inconsequential detail: there are books strewn casually -- and smartly -- throughout the interior -- near the hostess stand up front, by the bathrooms in back, etc. The menu is varied, very well-priced and invites sharing among friends. Style is Miami-influenced comfort food and it's worth trying several items -- i.e., several appetizers, several entrees and at least one dessert. Arrive hungry! Looking forward to going back!
Will start this while we eat. Busy off the bat when they opened at 6 on Sunday evening, but staff couldn't have been nicer. Fried smoked Gouda w/housemade honey mustard sauce to start things off. Fantastic, and the sauce could easily be addictive..... pause while we sip iced tea and wait for more food :) Entree is here. The daily braise special, Harissa-braised lamb shoulder. Incredible. Plenty of kick, and I got cheese grits instead of mashed spuds as my side. It's all delicious....pause to enjoy Finished entrees. Now waiting for Heath bar, butterscotch bread pudding. May not be able to finish the review due to being on my way to heaven! Didn't make it to heaven, but boy seemed like I was awfully close based on the great meal we just finished.
I visited Blue Collar about a week ago with two girlfriends and we all loved it. The menu items are all very appetizing as well as the wine selection. My absolute favorite was the veggie board. I have never seen a restaurant pay such attention to detail when it comes to offering fresh veggies. The shrimp and grits was also a huge hit at our table. I will definitely be back again.
I really wanted to like this place but no cigar. When I go to a restaurant I look for 3 things: Great food, great service, and ambiance. The food: we had the duck mcmuffin, the brioche French toast with bananas foster, a side of bacon, a side of sweet potato plantain mash, and cheesy grits. The star of the meal was the cheesy grits... So good. But the bacon was cardboard and dry, the mash was OK, the brioche was dry and flavor less, the duck was dry and the eggs were very undercooked. Judging by the large selection of veggie plates... Protein isn't their forte. We ordered ice tea and  iced coffee but had to return them twice because there were little pieces of plastic floating in the glass. I just ordered a cup of Panther coffee at that point... which was perfect. The service: the wait was 5 minutes to sit outside or 25 to sit inside at 2:30 on a Sunday. Everyone was very polite and apologetic. The manager took care of the beverage issue. Overall pretty good. The ambiance: cars driving by us was not the best. The music was drowned out by traffic. Summary: I'm hoping we caught them on an off day. Don't know if we'll be back though. If we do it'll be inside and we'll try the veggy chalkboard.
Nothing short of amazing! My favorite restaurant at the moment. I've been a couple of times and have always been satisfied. Pork and beans, mac n cheese, lemon ricotta pancakes---all delicious and perfect! P.S. The bread pudding is life changing.
I love this place. It's a hole in a motel, which is kind of awesome. The food is great, the staff is funny and friendly. I haven't been in a while I need to get my butt out there!
I ate here a few months ago so I'm trying to remember but I didn't really find it to live up to it's reviews. The food was ok and the portions were huge. I remember not being able to finish, maybe it was what I ordered but I was not amazed. The inside was busy and I couldn't figure out why...
It's was ok, didn't think much of the design of the plates, service is good. The flavor of the food is average.  But I wouldn't mind going back, only if I see improvement. Than again that's my own opinion. Hope it was helpful.
OK, I'll say it.  I was skeptical to try Blue Collar at first.  Over the last few months, I read article after article and saw countless reviews with folks spewing sweet nothings and endless accolades for this place.  I blame Yardbird for my apprehension.  The same thing happened with them and suddenly I found myself waiting 2 hours for a table and being snubbed by hostesses all too big for their britches.   Would the same happen to me here?  Thankfully NO!  Last Saturday after only a simple smoothie for breakfast, I was ready to fill up my belly with some eggy goodness.  I already knew the menu back and front after studying it for weeks online.  I was torn between the "veggie plate" for $19 which is a choice of 4 items from a large chalkboard of stuff like mozzarella and tomato salad, asparagus with blue cheese, curry cauliflower, homemade pickles, beet and goat cheese salad and caramelized brussell sprouts.  I couldn't decide which four to pick, so I went for the simple breakfast burrito with egg, chorizo, cheese and chipotle sour cream.  My man got the cheeseburger which was cooked to perfection and covered in mushrooms, onions and manchego cheese.  The fries were sublime - hand cut, salty and tasty.  The beer selection is great - I opted for a grapefruit beer from Salzberg Austria (reminded me of a boozy Fresca).  I sat at a table along a window that looked out onto the patio with other diners enjoying their brunch.  I could not take my eyes off a table where everyone ordered the pulled pork benedict.  I was REALLY sorry I didn't get this.  Pulled pork by itself is fantastic, but marry that with some poached eggs with spicy potato hash and you have yourself a winner. They might have old school lunch boxes bolted into the wall and call themselves "Blue Collar", but don't be fooled.  No matter what color your collar is, you'll love this place.  For once, a place that lives up to the hype!  I'll be back to try that  pulled pork benny!
When I tried the French Toast I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  It is amazing, buttery and filled with banana.  The wait for a table is a bit much but this place is popular.  I wish thw served breakfast every day.. veggie burger is also pretty Damn good.
AMAZING Comfort food! Had the best beef brisket I've ever had in my life.  The owner was there and was happy to give me his email and share his recipe.  They have a lot of regulars and i can see why.  The food is simply delish. Cant wait to go back to miami and visit again!
Had TWO great meals here - both lunch. The menu has a fantastic variety of options, so it's a great place for a group with varied tastes. During my two meals I tasted/ate the following, all of which I recommend: BC salad (latkes and amazing chicken), shrimp and grits app (good enough for a whole meal), Caprese salad, mixed greens and chicken parm (was my least favorite, so I was thankful only to try a bite - truthfully, I'm not a chicken parm gal). Great, laid back service with a chocolate mint to finish the meal. Would highly recommend taking a detour to Little Haiti to check this place out!!
Believe the hype! Sitting outside by the hedges you start to forget that you are at the crossroads of New-Biscayne (fun new restaurants) and Old-Biscayne ("vintage" dilapidated motels).  The  traffic blurs into the background as you prepare for your first course. They do not take reservations, so if you get there after 730 be prepared for a wait.  It's a quaint casual restaurant with a lot of personality and good service. As a pescatarion there were numerous options!  Vegetarians have a large variety to choose from as well.  In addition to the vast set of options on the regular menu, they also have specials of the day.  We ordered the Curry Snapper, Mussels, Shrimp & Grits, and a Veggie Plate with four sides.  The brussel sprouts, squash, kale, and beets & goat cheese were all great.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Shrimp & Grits (bacon on the side).   For dessert we ordered the Heath Bread Pudding which was moist and perfect.  We also ordered the chocolate cake which was served with a glass of milk, which was a cute touch.  Sadly the cake was just OK.  We all agreed that it was the least favorite thing we ordered! Three of us ordered three dishes, an appetizer, drinks, and dessert and we were full for less than $50 each (including tip)!
Had brunch here on Mother's Day my food was good but presentation was sloppy, n felt like the duck Benedict I had the duck was tough, n my eggs over cooked
Best cheeseburger I've had in a long, long time and the fries might be the best ever! My partner had the Chicken Cordon Bleu and it was delicious, too. The sides that we've ordered were all delicious. Love the format of the menu. The chef/owner really is talented and very friendly as is all of the staff. This is the kind of place you wish you had around the corner because you could eat there a few times a week and not get tired of it. Living off Lincoln Road with so many restaurants and there are only a few we go back to on a regular basis. Blue Collar is first class on it's food and service. We'll be coming often in the future.
Eye rolling at how amazing this place is - the shrimp and grits are to DDDIIIEEEEEE!!!!
Hmmm... Love this place. Ordered their oxtail, and it was great. My friend ordered some fish, and it tasted good too. Wishing to have bigger stomach as when i looked around their burgers looked super yummy. Definitely a must to try if you are in miami!
Hmmm.. I was gonna give 4.5 stars but what the heck.   This is a very tiny little place and it was packed with great people including me.  The guy who seats you also works as the bus guy and anything else it needed. I like.   We started with the Shrimp n Grits.. YUM.. Very tasty My boo had the Hanger steak.  He said it was good, but I was too into my own meal. I had the Grilled boneless and skinless chicken breast with two sides of your choice.  I ask for the carmelized brussel sprouts.  These were EXCELLENT.  I don't even know if I have ever eaten brussel sprouts, but I love carmelized anything and they were good. For the second side I asked for sweet potato fries.  She said Sweet Potato Plantain?  I said, no, fries.. She said we don't have that girl.. I said skrew it.  Lemme try the SPP.  OMG.. It was delish.  I will be trying to duplicate the meal at home.  The chicken was also tasty and not dry.  My only regret.  Not going to the nail shop next door.  Need a mani/pedi. That is all..
I was  little skeptical about this place but after reading the reviews I just had try it.  The staff was very accommodating as we were a party of four plus a stroller.  The food was amazing, we had ox tail, veal parmesan and the bread pudding.. all great.  A great experience all around, definitely will come back to have the sandwich that was sold out.
Best breakfast I've ever had in my life!! If you come to Little Haiti - seems like you could get shot but I don't care. I will dodge through bullets to get breakfast here! French toast breakfast was amazing. Best bacon I've ever had..the french toast + banana's pudding style on top = genius combination. You cannot go wrong eating at this place - I tried my gf's pork and beans and it was delicious! I will be coming here again for sure! Panther coffee was pretty good - did not know that its a local Miami based coffee brand!
This place is solid.  Average price for miami, but you get good, well cooked food, with portions that will fill you up :).   The area is nothing to brag about, it's next to a motel that may be undergoing a renovation?  The inside has an upscale diner feel.   Totally recommend the shrimp and grits/and a four veggie plate.   The steak and fries were 'solid' but nothing to write home about.
Blue Collar continues to excel in both food quality and service. Since my initial review, I've returned multiple times. The food is consistently delicious and the staff is professional, friendly, and fast. Note that take out is back on after a brief hiatus - yay! Brunch is spot on, the veggie burger is bad ass, and the mashed potatoes are madly addictive yet perfectly simple. Please don't leave my neighborhood or ever change, Blue Collar!
Checking this place out for the first time. So far so good! :-) Okay!! So I'm excited to finally get home and write a review about this local eatery. Located at the former locale of what used to be American Noodle Bar, this place has definitely made its own mark. Small, intimate, friendly and excellent service are some of the main points that makes this place stellar. The beauty at this location are in the details. Once you walk in, you're immediately greeted by the waitress who also doubles as the hostess. The menu is on a clip board and attached on the walls are retro-lunch boxes.. all to add to the motif of blue collar. The menu has an excellent assortment of choices. Several fish dishes (which is what my partner and I were looking for since we don't eat meat) a good variety of appetizers. We ordered their cool tomato and mozzarella salad along with their wild mushroom and goat cheese croquettes. The best part of the croquettes:  the pomegranate fig jam..yuuuum.  ommaaahhh gaawwwd. lol. Then came our main dishes, I ordered the Grilled Swordfish and my partner ordered the Crispy Skin Snapper  both dishes were amazing! The best part of it all was when the chef approached our table to ensure we enjoyed our meal! Nothing creates a lasting impression on top of good food than when the chef/owner of a restaurant creates a personable experience with its patrons! Thank you Chef Daniel Serfer! We will definitely come back for more!!
Once again amazing luv it ..
I ordered the Big Ragout with fries. I was highly disappointed. For $19, I got a sandwich of fatty brisket and pork that had no flavor outside the marinara put on it. The fries were pretty good, as was the service. But for such a high price tag, I expected at least a good sandwich. What I got, honestly was not good at all. Again, very disappointing.
Wonderful brunch spot.  Gets crowded amd it is a small space so expect a short wait.  Everything we had (pulled pork eggs benedict and french toast) was spectacular.  Portions are enormous.  Cool ambiance with lunch boxes on the wall.  Parking situation could be better.
Very friendly staff. That's key. Good job, Blue Collar. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes. They were delicious as regular pancakes, but not as lemon ricotta pancakes, though. I couldn't taste any of it in them. Moving on, I will come back to taste other things from the menu just because the staff is so friendly. Quick service and friendly staff, even though the place is so busy and so small, works for me.
I have had Blue Collar in my bookmarks for the longest time, and I finally went in for dinner last night with my brother. They have tons of sides to choose from and even an entree that is a combination of any 4 veg sides. I ordered the chicken breast with cheese grits and caramelized brussel sprouts. My brother had their burger and fries. We split the Heath bar bread pudding. Everything was delicious. Seriously- we could not stop saying how good it was on our way home. Everything we had was just so tasty and the flavors balanced well. Portions were large, but not so huge that you end up carting home most of your meal. Prices are reasonable, and we felt like everything was a good value. I can't wait to come back and try more from the menu. Don't be intimidated by its location in the parking lot of a shady motel on Biscayne. Once you're inside and eating, you forget where you are! Two thumbs up for Blue Collar!
This has been and will remain to be one of my favorite places to eat. It's not the most charming places to eat but what they don't offer in ambience, they make up for in food quality. They always have a great selection of beers for IPAers like myself as well as a wide variety of food items for vegetarians like the curried cauliflower. Whenever I go, I tend to order the ragout either in sandwich form for lunch or as part of a pasta during dinner. This meat consisting of a variety of cuts includes veal and some others which I cannot recall. I recommend you share your entree with someone else as their portions are too big for one person. The tostones topped with vaca frita is also pretty amazing. Be sure to leave room for some of the best bread pudding I've ever tasted. I'm hoping they begin to add some more to the menu or change some items. I've been going since they first opened and would love to see what else they're capable of!
YES!   Wish I could give Blue Collar a sixth star.   My two friends and I showed up at 830 on a Friday night, and the host regretfully informed us that there were two parties ahead of us to be seated.  He apologetically asked if we wouldn't mind sitting at the bar:  we obliged, and it was the best decision we could have made. Three stools, with a perfect view of the two, hard-working and significantly skilled chefs doing their thing.  The attentive waitress behind the bar kept my Dale's Pale Ales coming, and the smells and sights from the kitchen were enough to make anyone happy. Every dish was excellent. Apps:  "Cuban" Spring Rolls and Vaca Frita Tostadas with Garlic Sauce.  Unreal. Main Course:  The best jambalaya I have had outside of New Orleans, and my buddy was kind enough to share some of his lamb chop (on special), which was cooked and spiced perfectly. Dessert:  Outrageously delicious bread pudding.   Would seriously go back just for this. Oh yea, they are attached to a badass, old-school Miami motel.  I can't tell you how refreshing it was to have such an incredible meal far away from the Brickell & South Beach scenes. This place put a huge smile on my face.   I wager it will do the same to yours.
Eeeeekkkkkkk!!!!!! This place has the worst costumer service I've experienced in Miami...and that's a lot to say! I had heard wonderful things about the food at Blue Collar and was REALLY excited to try it out. We arrived at around 8:35 on a Saturday night. We walked in and the "hostess" said it would be about an hour wait for a party of 5. An hour? That would be the moment I would normally walk out, but we really, really wanted to try this place out, so we figured we might as well stay. We asked the hostess if she was going to take our name, and she said "sure..whats your name?" and rolled her eyes.. At this point I'm wondering how much she hates her job. But yet again, we really want to try this place, so we'll pretend we didn't notice! She then comes back and says, "Its going to be about an hour, and your WHOLE group has to be here", she's obviously not in a good mood, but at this point its really starting to bug me. Either way, we tell her our group is parking. Lets fast forward an HOUR AND A HALF, we are STILL standing outside waiting for a table. The restaurant is tiny, and it only has tables of four and tables for two...ok, we figured they would wait for a table of four to open up and put an extra chair. We would be a bit tight, but it's no big deal! And Voila! A table of four opens up inside! Finally, after an hour and a half wait, we are going to be seated! Oh wait what? NO??? We are not? Wait, let's go ask why! We asked the hostess if we could take the table that just opened up inside, she said NO. We HAD to wait for a table outside. We asked her why, and she pretty much said because she felt like it. She couldn't give us any type of explanation. The only thing she said was that THAT table was a table for four, and we were five. So we told her that we didn't see any tables for five, that all tables were either for four or for two, and she said that either way we had to keep waiting for a table of five, that she was going to split that table for four into two tables for two and seat other people there... Excuse me, what???????? I've been waiting for and HOUR and a HALF and you mean to tell me you are going to seat other people before us? Obviously, at this point it was time to go! Honestly, if the hostess would've been nice from the beginning and told us that she unfortunately could not accommodate a party of 5, we would have left and my husband and I would've came back another night, just the two of us. But I will never return to an establishment that acts like they don't 'want' or 'need' customers.  Very disappointed!
Never disappointed with this place! Unassuming location, most people wonder where I'm taking them! I think I've tried and loved everything on the menu. If I had to pick....shrimp and grits and the bread pudding. There's usually a wait to sit during peak times, don't wait until you're super hungry before heading over. It's a small space, so large parties take longer to seat. Also, I suggest ordering several dishes and SHARE! There's plenty of food and I always find it hard to decide.
Nice place with friendly, down to earth service.  I'd suggest going on a Monday night when they aren't slammed, as space is very limited.  Blue Collar serves up standard American fare with a slight touch of gourmet here and there, and while everything has been superb, the restaurant really shines when it comes to their lengthy list of sides.  I've had the beets with goat cheese, artichokes, and caprese salad, all of which were excellent.  Options really is the key word here, and it's nice to know I can order good quality veggies with my burger if I'm not in the mood for a typical mountain of fries.  The fish (mahi mahi and corvina) was also exceptional, and apparently arrives fresh daily.   We finished with their heath bar bread pudding, which seems to be garnering much attention, and did not disappoint.  It's mildly spicy, which really contrasts nicely with the cream.  As a grown man with the sweet tooth of a hyperactive eight year old, I can truly commend this dessert.  All in all this is a pleasant place and I will surely return.  It can get a little pricy, but Blue Collar's modest presentation and emphasis on quality are enough to keep me coming back.  Plus they offer free sparkling water.
Been meaning to come here a long time and made it for lunch while on business in the area, which doesn't happen much given the area. I had the often-pictured "big ragout" sandwich with fries.  Salad might have been a smarter choice given the size of this thing (I don't think it would be healthy to even try to eat the whole thing and all the fries).   I like that they bring filtered water to the table, and a bottle of it, without all the pretension (and cost) of asking "sparkling or still?"  The name is Blue Collar after all. The sandwich was good, but at the time of eating it I felt like the meat needed more seasoning.  Later that day I realized how wrong I was: I was very dehydrated, meaning that the meat must be very salty without showing it.  The bun was crisp without being hard, which must take a very deft hand, and the whole thing did NOT turn into a sloppy mess, which again shows a certain level of skill. There were a lot of sandwiches on the lunch menu here that sounded appealing, and if not for all the hype over the "big ragout" I may have tried the cheesesteak or "corben" (brisket, with a side of latkes instead of fries - an interesting change of pace). Blue collar would do well to offer half-sized portions of these monster sandwiches, but maybe the check would then be too low to be profitable.  Maybe a food truck as a second branch? I'd give it a 3.5, but round up to a 4 on the basis that I'd probably be more of a fan of the other sandwich offerings, and look forward to a return visit to test that theory.
Amazing! Insanely good food, awesome service and an overall great experience. This is how a restaurant should be.
Expensive. They tried to trick me with the specials. Around 30 dollars at lunchtime! Of course they don't mention the price upfront. Outside is very noisy, with uneven floors and therefore, uneven tables. The food itself was not bad, however disappointing.
Ordered the grouper sandwich and the Philly cheesesteak with the side salad. The grouper sandwich was good but TINY, especially for $13.  The Philly ($14) was ok but not worth the price. The salad was literally some lettuce tossed in vinegar.  Not a tomato, onion or carrot in sight. The staff was very nice but with this fare and the prices this place won't last.
This place was very  friendly. The servant was extra helpful and nice. Mac and cheese was delicious. Jambalaya was okey a bit spicy for me and the burger was good too.  A very welcoming place.
Went just for dessert take-out and the bread pudding is AMAZING!!! Absolutely delicious!
I don't just give out five stars. And I mean who am I that you even care. I just need you to understand that this place deserves every star. Quality of food, Customer Service, Timing, Location, Consistency, Convenience. They nail all of them. First off how cool and original is their location? If you're a tourist its fun and if you're a local it makes you feel like a tourist. Attached to a rusty motel, sit outside watching Biscayne and feel like you're in Cali for a minute, sit inside and feel like you're visiting the Eames, time warp included. Atmosphere and decor nailed, but look for the subtleties, like bringing your coffee in an authentic 50s Thermos. The service is impeccable. You are acknowledged and greeted by every single staff member in the restaurant, even the chef himself. Every single time you go. Unbelievable. It feels as intimate as eating in someone's home. The food never fails. Anything you order is filled with flavor, the portions are Goldilocks (not too big, not too small) and you don't feel as if you're pouring out your life savings to afford this luxury experience. Some of my favorites: Breakfast: Lemon Ricotta Pancakes/Breakfast Plate Lunch: Shrimp Po' Boy/Corbel Dinner: Super Tender Hanger Steak/Veg Plate (any of the items on the Veg Chalkboard are a dream come true.) Come for Breakfast, come for lunch, come for dinner, come for brunch. You will not be disappointed.
Yummy! Had an awesome waiter from New York who gave good recommendations for food and beer. Coming from New England we enjoyed the Blue Point beer from Long Island. Had the ox tails which were good and the Corben which was great. The potato latke were perfect served with apple sauce. I prefer with sour cream which they didnt have but they still did their best by giving me chipotle sour cream. Key Lime pie was very good. Would go again.
Went in for my first time and had the chefs special, which that day was Ox Tail. I've never had it before so I took a chance. Holy $h!t! It was one of the greatest things I've ever put into my mouth. I've decided that I may never eat ox tail ever again just so I never spoil my first and most amazing taste of it. I mean I guess I can always go back but then I'd want to try everything else. Oh yeah...I also bought myself a mug so that I never forget the experience.
Blue Collar is a fantastic brunch spot. It is very small and was brimming with patrons when we first arrived, which is always a good sign. When we were seated and saw the menu, it took a while for us to figure out which of the mouth-watering options we would finally settle on. I had the burger, as usual, while my friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes, the veggie burger, and the chicken plate. Everyone was extremely satisfied with their huge portions (which none of us were able to finish). I would definitely return to Blue Collar over and over and over. The server mentioned that if we liked brunch, we'd love dinner. I hope to verify that for myself some day.
I was torn between a 3 and 4 star review. I rounded up because the food really is very good. The killer is the wait. I hate waiting to eat, yet alone for an hour no matter when you go. We were a party of 3 and it seemed like 2 was the lucky number last night. About 5 tables of 2 opened up before a table of 4. The wait was excruciatingly painful but there really is a pot of gold at the end of the Blue Collar rainbow- the burger! The burger is huge and juicy. It is served on what they call a Portuguese muffin, which to me seems like a fancy version of an English muffin. When you bite into the burger juice runs down your arm and a huge "mmmmmm" comes out of your mouth in between bites.  The fries are handcut, on the thicker side, and perfectly seasoned. I normally get the burger when I go (which I got last night) but i have also gotten the Corbin. The Corbin, served on the Portuguese muffin as well, is thinly sliced, lean, tender brisket. It is good, not sure it is better than my mom's brisket, but it is good. The dijon mustard they put on it is a little too much for me. Overall, food is very good but the wait sucks! Come here an hour before you think you will be hungry and it shouldn't be too painful. Once you sit down the service is great. The food comes out fast and the stuff is super cool. Other stand outs include the latkes (MUCH better than my mom's) and the bread pudding (which may actually send my type 1 diabetic boyfriend into a coma one day...he will say it is absolutely worth it)
Delicious!
All in all a very enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours with a good wine and beer list to boot. We had no wait for a table...however the outdoor dining area needed a bloody good sweep! We visited with some friends after they had sold us on the idea. Sitting outside on the street is a little noisy, but it offers a genuine atmosphere. A real down to earth menu with a twists of 21st century style had us enjoying our supper , but some of the portions really should be smaller, as they are giving away their profit. We also felt minor irritation in the way the waiter brought the food out with little respect to who was eating what or whether we had finished the existing course...all rather bizarre as we don;t imagine the kitchen simply gets food plates ready at random? I had one of their brisket on a  bun options, and I got two buns stuffed with brisket and they really only need to serve one. Being a foodie pig I of course left one of the buns but ate all the meat!
Everything looks and smells amazing- finally here! Ordered crispy skin snapper and bf had ragout w tagliatele. Veggie board looked great. Great experience and will be back! Mac and cheese was hot melty heaven. I love everything about this place- loud, busy, small and tasty, quality dishes!
I always say that if a restaurant has good coffee, you know that the rest of the meal will be good as well. So as soon as I tasted the coffee here, brought in a thermos to keep it warm, I knew we were in for a treat. We ordered the French toast and the veggie scramble, and everything was delicious. The service was great. Our waiter was always on hand to make sure we had everything we needed, and when I accidentally dropped my fork, I didn't even need to ask for a new one before he showed up with a new silverware set for me. It's the small touches that make a place great, and this place has it down, from the coffee thermoses, to the delicious toast. They bring the check in a mug and before taking my credit card, our waiter dumped out the mug to reveal a handful of Andes mints. If it wasn't a five star place before that, it clinched the deal.
wow!! you wouldn't expect it.. you might even drive right by it if you weren't looking for it but whoa.. stop in for a bite and you won't miss this place again! thanks to my fellow yelpers for this gem!!! Def recommend, def will be back!!
I had read a couple reviews on Blue Collar and could not wait to drive down to Miami to try this.  It was everything everyone said it was.  It has a small dining area, about 15 tables and a big kitchen area where there is some seating right in front of their also. The menu has amazing "comfort  food" dishes that I have never seen anywhere else and I must say it is very hard to decide what to order. We were there for the Saturday brunch, so there was anything from large pancakes over large sausage, and 2 eggs on top to BBQ Ribs and an amazing Burrito dish.  I set my mind on the "Mac", which is a LARGE Mac and Cheese dish, with bacon. Seems everyone recommended this so I figured that is all I am going to order for today because it  was huge.  Large macaroni, and fresh cheese and large bacon pieces.  It is what everyone said it was.  Amazing.  My wife had the Grilled Chicken with watermelon and cucumber salad over butternut squash.  Very tasty. The service was right on and our waitress recommended several dishes to try to get us familiar with what they had on the menu.  You have to go here several times to try all the great dishes they have to offer.  Blue Collar is a perfect breakfast/lunch place and has everything imaginable on the menu.  They serve beer and wine as well.  Saturday and  Sunday they have a brunch until 3:00, and a separate dinner menu that starts at 5pm.  Definitely going back, whenever in the area, and will try something different each time. Forgot to mention there is also outdoor seating as well. Great find.   Thanks for the Yelpers that did THEIR reviews on this place. I would of never found it.
Second that. Can I "second that" myself? Well, there it went. Actually, I'm reinforcing my stance on Shrimp & Grits. I'm pro Shrimp & Grits. Also tried the burger, surprisingly delicious. Nothing fancy, but the flavor in the meat is Ridonkulous. Did they sprinkle diamonds in it? It made me twinkle.
Simple and to the point review: can't enough of this freaking food I think they lace the food with momma love and serve it up!
You will find something you love on the menu! The hype is all true!!!  I must say that I had almost given up on this place because every time I made an attempt to try this place it was either stupid packed or closed but I must say I'm so glad I got to partake in this awesomeness! The menu is an adventure of foodie ideas and I have so much left I want to try. I started off with the Cuban spring rolls which instantly made me smile... you must try these even if you are not a fan of the sandwich.   I also had the shrimp n' grits which I liked but you must imagine this is not like your traditional southern shrimp n' grits... so if its something you are craving you might be surprised.  The bbq sauce on the shrimp n' grits is nice and not too sweet... the grits had an almost perfect texture and I am going to be sure to get them as a side next time I pop in for a bite.  I have as a side the brussel sprouts (pretty good) and vinegary potato salad.
Food is delicious,  refreshing and just damn good real food. I can't wait to come back. Mmmmmm good!
Blue Collar is a winner!! every thing we ate was delicious, except the bok choy which was basically plain, the shrimp w/grits is a winner all be it very heavy. as is the cauliflower curry puree, the beats, the brussell sprouts and the salad dressing. they have a very good beer list.. the restaurant itself is small, but stylish, with a bar/table.in front of an open kitchen. the service was very good, and we will definitely go back, to try the fish and/or meat dishes. i read parking was a pain, but they do not come from NYC or Chicago.
We called to ask how long the wait would be and they said there was no wait.  We were 5 blocks away. We parked, walked inside and suddenly there was a 35 min. wait.  They have no hostess stand so we stood there on the entryway kinda lost for a few minutes before someone walked over.  They wrote our name down and we just stood there because the place is so small that there is nowhere to stand while waiting for a table.  People kept coming through and we had to keep moving.  all you could do was go outside where it was very hot. Needless to say we left and wont be going back.
I went for brunch and really loved this place. When you can do a tomato sauce that my Italian mother would approve of, you automatically get 5 stars from me. The "Big Ragout" sandwich was so awesome. Pork, veal, brisket - all slow cooked and incredibly tender, slathered with a delicious red sauce and packed between two pieces of extra crusty bread. But Blue Collar is so much more than a fat sandwich, there's an unrivaled choice of vegetable sides that are so well played even the pickiest of kids would enjoy them. There are, however, a couple of drawbacks that might make Blue Collar a 4/4.5: first, the place is entirely too small during peak service hours.  I felt like I was being consistently bumped into by servers or passersby throughout the meal. Second is the parking situation, good luck.
What a great place! Imaginative menu and great staff/service! No wonder Zagat raves about this place. Great job! I'll be coming back frequently!
It was a last minute decision to check out this little gem. Had intentions to go to another restaurant just down the street, but found out upon our arrival that they were closed. (Great Yelp reviews.....no idea why they were closed on a Saturday night :/ Anyway, we heard great things about Blue Collor from fellow foodies, so decided to hit them up because we were just too hungry to think of anywhere else. As we drive up to the location, and make the tight turn into the Biscayne Inn parking lot, which also happens to be the restaurants lot as well, we realize just how small and quaint this place really was. I knew that it would be small from driving by the location a few times, but never thought it was THAT tiny. It's the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars, cause my friends and I were dressed up and really wanted to sit inside. They have no more than 8-10 tables inside, by which they could probably fit 1 more table for 2 if it weren't for their air-conditioner that's propped on the floor by the front door. So instead of having to wait 30 minutes for an indoor table, we opted for outisde. Even though they have plenty fans for breeze, it was just enough that it didn't drive my hair into frizz overload on a humid Miami summer evening...OK enough about that...let's talk about what I love the most...The FOOD :) They offer our city's seasonal Miami Spice Menu, which is a select menu for a fixed price of $33pp. I can't tell you about everyone's order, but I can tell you about what I tasted. The Hubbs and I chose the Miami Spice which included the appetizers: Saffron Aronzini and Chanukah Latkes. Yummy is all you need to know!!! Hubby got the daily braise selection which were their spicy oxtail with mashed potatoes and I chose the Grilled Cobia over their french green lentils. I loved my fish. It was fresh and tender and the lentils were an amazing compliment. Although we were told that their oxtail was their winning dish that brings everyone back again, it didn't win over my husband's taste buds as he's a huge fan of oxtail. I guess it's cause it's a more american version to the way it's prepared. (we're more used to the caribbean style of oxtail, much more spicey, tender and flavorful) this was a tad bit more on the bland side. The winner by far of the evening was on the plate of one of our friends dish. Their baby back ribs with german potatoe salad was to die for!!! Just fall off the bone, make you wanna lick your fingers off deliciousness!! Our friends were a bit skeptical to the location and size of this little hotspot, but we were far from dissappointed. Definitely go a little earlier than 9pm if you want to grab a table inside, and enjoy anything from their menu. We are definitely making it back here again very soon :)
Had eaten here last year but forgot all about it until a friend reminded me and we met to eat here again. Had a meal of the veggie platter - 4 side dishes. I had ordered the fries already and tried to add 3 more selections; the waiter told me I had to get 4 things since "the computer wouldn't recognize" the additional side - so a star removed for the extra side I ended up ordering. The veggie platter sides are huge - two people can easily share this and be fine. The waiter, who seemed to assume we were doing this before I also placed an order, didn't mention that and we both ended up with boxes to take home. I feel this is a part of a waiters job to share that unless he's angling for a larger bill. Overall the food was great -- fries, Brussels sprouts (very buttery), sweet potato mash (deliciously sweet!), sautéed kale (excellent though a bit salty) and roasted potatos (I think that's what I had - also strongly seasoned). The waiter was not good. But I will eat here again now that I know the tricks haha.
Blue Collar recently opened for brunch so I came by this past Sunday to check it out.  It is a tiny (literally no more than 10 tables inside) but there is some outdoor patio seating (it was too windy to sit outside!) and has a very quaint, homey feel. I really like the vintage lunch pails on the wall and when you first walk in, there is a bookcase with some amazing culinary books (Thomas Keller, etc). It was busy but we only had a 5 minute wait or so.  Not sure if they had two servers or just one.  The female server was personable, attentive and overall good. The other guy (who we had unfortunately) not so much. Perhaps he was just helping out (or new or something). It doesn't really matter...it has only been a few days serving brunch...sure they'll work out the kinks. The food was amazing and the best part is the large selection of vegetarian options! I love the veggie chalkboard with tons of sides to choose from. Everything from curried cauliflower to roasted beets and homemade fries. Yum!   For brunch, I ordered the grilled Merguez Sausage (lamb) w/ two eggs and multigrain toast.  Hubs had their speciality - Pork and Beans.  My lamb sausage was grilled to perfection and my eggs were just as good. The Pork and Beans (I had a bite!) was really good. It has a sweet tangy sauce but also lots of smokey flavor because of the sausage and bacon.  The unlimited Thermos of coffee is a cute idea that goes well with the theme and atmosphere of the restaurant. For dessert, we tried the butterscotch heath bar bread pudding! Super moist and rich. Really excited to come back and try the veggie options and to have dinner.  Great price and really good comfort food!
I was incredibly impressed in so many wats with this place. The staff is amazingly welcoming and genuine in their approach. I was very impressed with the service. The decor was, while minimal, appropriate and tasteful. The food was just fantastic. I highly recommend a visit.
I popped in here for lunch as I had a couple of errands to run in the neighborhood.  I was generally pretty happy with the quality of the food and service.  I had the duck "mcmuffin" which is what they call "duck bacon" on Portuguese bread coveed with a couple of eggs.  I was also served with a side of homefries.  I liked the dish.  It was creative and tasty, and surprisingly (to me at least) it actually kind of tasted like a sausage mcmuffin with egg.  Definitely something I would order again if I came back.  Prices are a bit on the high side, but that's par for the course in this city.  The waiters wear tuxedo t-shirts and they serve coffee in old school thermos'.  Not a ton of seating and it is definitely busy on the weekends, but a nice spot.
Wow!  I'm impressed!  Wished I lived closer so that I can go more often!  The host, Adam, was very nice, as well as our waitress.  Wished I could remember her name!  This was our first time there.  Food was excellent as well as the service. I loved that the food is great, but it was not pretentious.  Laid back vibe.  Small place that has great food. I hope I get to go back soon!  I would love to try brunch.
Brunch, lunch or dinner, every time we go food is FABULOUS!  Service is decent(better than most MIA spots)  and the cooks are great to watch (only at the tiny bar counter) how they pump out all that fantastic flavor and volume  out of a tiny kitchen is baffling! A must spot to enjoy great food.
What an interesting mix of patrons, food and ambiance. Shrimp and grits is almost a meal in itself. I sampled the veggie board with roasted sprouts, sweet potato and plantain purée, watermelon salad and asparagus with blue cheese.  Waiters seem right out of the Sarah Silverman show. Well worth it.
By far the best hidden secret in all of Miami. Been here 10+ times and have never had a bad dish nor bad service. Chef Serfer does an amazing job of literally pleasing every customer that walks through his doors. Top 5 must haves.... Oxtails, Ragout, Corben, Vaca Frita Tostones, veggie platter.
What can I say besides amazing! I don't know why it took me so long to try this place but now that I have I plan on going back soon! My husbands ragu sandwich was bigger than his face and the most delicious thing on the menu. My chicken cordon bleu sandwich was cheesy and satisfying and the fries... Yum!
Every single time I have been here I have not been disappointed. The owner/Chef has come out each time and asked how we liked our food as well, and he threw in some treats to try one time. Really the only negative about BC is that its so tiny there is no where to sit comfortably without that feeling that someone is always hovering over you. I cant take away a star for that since the food quickly makes you forget how cramped it is.
Made me sit outside even though I was the second person in line, just because my dad was not in line at the time and the inside got full. The food came out late and others seated after us got their food before us. On to the food.... It was amazing! Best brunch food I have had in Miami. Highly recommend the lemon pancakes and the pulled pork eggs Benedict. They made up for the services issue with a dessert on the house which was amazing. This would be a 5 star review if it wasn't for the service issues because the food is definitely 5+ stars!
Friendly, fast service, huge portions, and great food prepared by a chef (Danny), who is obviously intensly involved in making sure that his customers are happy.   It's classic american food, (the mashed potatoes taste like your mother made them, if your mother was a really really great cook!).  The ambiance is classic hole in the wall city diner, but clean and well kept.   It's located in a funky little downtown motel, which can make it harder to find, but it's worth it!   The prices aren't cheap, but the quality and large quantity of the food makes the prices justified.  (Lunch for two was about $50).   We had our 1 year old son with us and they could not have been more accomidating.   The chef actually made him a side of apple sauce specially that was wonderful, and thoroughly enjoyed!   Well worth the hunt to find it, and well worth the prices for the food.   We will be going back. On a parking tip, if the tiny lot of the motel is full, park acrros the street in the side street next to Balans.
I've been there a couple times now and their food so SOOOOOOOOOO good!! Very unique dishes. They tie together some unusual ingredients but everything is very cohesive. I love the theme of the place too! They serve coffee in thermos' and have a time card punch at the front door! There are some cons though: 1 - The restaurant is EXTREMELY tiny! You're practically elbow to elbow with all the other tables in there. It's not to the extent that it's uncomfortable inside but it's like you can't wait to get out of there by the time you're done. Not very conducive to sit around and chit chat with your company.   2 - It's in a hotel which really turns out not to be *that* big of a deal but I was slightly turned off at first...especially considering the hotel is undergoing renovations. 3 - The food is a little pricey and, although you'll be happy with the money you spent, it just doesn't feel right paying so much for some of their menu items. All cons aside I still rate this place 5 stars because their food is just so damn good it would be unjustified to rate them any less!
After reading an article in the Miami New Times about a restaurant serving up Southern and not-so Southern delicious favorites, I had to drop in and give it a whirl.  My boyfriend was also familiar with chef Daniel Serfer's craft, having been present at the chef's table he had headed up at Yardbird not too long ago, and so our excitement was in true form and ready to be satiated.   We started off the meal with the shrimp and grits with Nueske pork and Piedmontese Trugole cheese in a New Orleans-style BBQ sauce and I was instantly transported into taste bud heaven.  My guy (from Mississippi) can be a little tougher when critiquing his home style cuisine but this was a no brainer - chef Daniel knows shrimp and grits!  Then after having a bit of sea we meandered into the fowl world and ordered up the Duck McMuffin.  Thinking we already had the killer dish, we weren't expecting our little taste buds to go on yet another trip to heaven but there they were partying with the other "buds" who were lounging with punch drunk hangovers.  WOW!  The presentation was modest and unpretentious but the flavor of the duck bacon and duck jus, smoked gouda, duck egg and the subtle but sweet Portuguese muffin were Deelicious, Deevine, DEEGORGEOUS!  Beautiful chaos in your mouth!  My "buds" were having the time of their life!  The beets and goat cheese were also a match made in heaven - so simple and lovely.  Then for dessert we indulged in the Bread Pudding with a, I believe it was a cayenne pepper whipped cream.  O h m y g o o d n e s s - my "buds" were sloppy drunk.  You should have seen them.  Such a disgrace!  At 35 you'd think they'd learn how to control themselves by now :)   Thank you Chef Daniel for adding another gem to our colorful city!   We will be back ready to attack.  Can't wait to try the brunch!
Don't get put off by the roach motels around..  Real low key no frills spot.  They had the Miami Spice on so I smashed the wedge, OxTail XXXtra Spicy w/ the Mash. I'm gonna come clean tho.. That no cream Shrimp Alfredo needs to be taken off the menu.. Waiter said that mad people fux w/ it, but they must be the folks that eat cardboard for a lite snack.   Straight a$$, don't order that shit since they probably have other delectable items on the specials.. Service was dope.  Would've been better had they switched my seed's disgusting dish, but atleast they offered a consolation dessert tho.
After months of planning, unforeseen events and cheap excuses on my part, I finally found myself at the door step of Blue Collar, located at 6730 Biscayne Boulevard where American Noodle Bar used to be. This small yet cozy place has a warm and inviting feel to it and it's a perfect place for a family dinner or to grab a beer with friends. Chef/owner Daniel Serfer and his team, excel in preparing classic American comfort food as well as diverse dishes with amazing flavors and meticulous detail. Serfer, a graduate from Florida State University and former executive chef at 15th Street Fisheries in Fort Lauderdale, has brought this concept to Miami. With daily specials, homemade dishes and even a large section for vegetarians, I knew I was in for a treat. After going over the menu, I decided on the "Real juicy" cheeseburger with sweet potato plantain mash, while my companion had the Grilled Mahi Mahi with mashed potato and sautéed broccoli. For starters my burger was perfectly cooked; the meat was tender with an abundance of flavor. While the plantain mash was different form the traditional sweet potato fries I usually order, I was happy with my side dish. The grilled Mahi Mahi tasted great and fresh, I didn't feel that it was such a heavy plate that I'd feel bloated. This dish was cooked and presented well and it didn't have that greasy feeling and I especially loved the mashed potatoes because it had flair of southern cooking. When a restaurant exceeds my expectations its always a win! The food is delicious and the service is great. I mean there's not much more you can ask for. I hope Blue Collar stays here for a long time, I'd recommend it to anyone and I'm already planning my return visit. Blue Collar opens for lunch and dinner Sundays-Thursdays from 11:30 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. and Fridays and Saturdays from 11:30 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Stop by and experience it for yourself.
OMG this little tiny place was a hidden gem.  My husband and I went over for brunch...got there at 11am and there was a line waiting for the restaurant to open. We shared the Duck McMuffin which was a huge plate of food and also ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and boy oh boy...both items were delicious!!!
Food's awesome. Understand it's busy. No need to be a douche on the phone. I get it, you're busy. Sucks when a chill place gets pretentious.
I've been there many times, and it has been consistently terrific. Today, though, it was lousy. I ordered the cheeseburger, medium rare. It arrived somewhere between raw and rare. I understand that this happens sometimes. I sent it back, and after a good long wait it was brought back, this time something around rare. Not good enough. Since my partner had finished his meal a long time earlier, I gave up. I told them that I would pay for a side order of fries. They sent the manager over, and he really didn't have anything to say. The waiter similarly didn't handle it too well--in fact, the people sitting next to us said exactly that. This was a one-star visit. But since I've had many good visits in the past, I'm rating them at three stars. Is that unfair? I don't know. This is a tough business, and it only takes one bad visit to create a bad impression. I'll probably return, but not real soon.
Maybe I caught the chef on a bad day, but this place was wack.  I like how small it is; makes for a hometown feel.  I had the short rib rolls, and something else..see..I can't even remember what I had..that's to tell you.  The service was average, so I'll give them props for that.  So all in all...I won't be returning here..
I love this place, the food is great, and the ambiance cozy. I have been here twice so far and the service definitely was faltering and slow, but ill come back despite this. Our greet and first round drinks took a pretty decent amount of time, and it took a while for a server to come by and take our order. In spite of this everything came out pretty quickly. The food here is great and the price point is amazing. I got the double chicken breast with beets and Brussels sprouts. Their sprouts are seriously delish. My boyfriend had the NY strip burger with fries. Last time we tried the vaca Frita tostones, braised lamb necks, roasted artichoke hearts, and the bread pudding. I loved everything! I can't wait to come back here and try more menu items. I would give this place 5 stars if their service could improve!!
Good food terrible customer service- catch 22. Depends what you care about more. I went there to try the dessert but I ended up getting the vaca frita appetizer which was really good & good size, for 11$ it was a good choice. However as soon as we got to the empty restaurant the first waiter told us that they'd have to "steal the table next to u since it  will busy later, just letting you know" we sat in a 4top and it was just me and my friend. I thought that was kinda rude since we had barely sat down but whatever. Later the next waiter (we had three?) brought us the check while we ate dessert. I was so puzzled since it was currently empty around us. When we finished they pushed the recipe closer to us lol and I asked the other waitress why they did that, I told her I wanted another beer. She brought the other guy and he said "sorry man it's a force of habit" what ever that means. I told them we needed another check since we wanted to split the bill, what a hassle. So I don't think I'll go here again, it wasn't too impressive and parking sucks anyways.
I'm really torn about writing this review because after all the great things I've heard so I feel like the terrible service I had here a few weeks ago was a fluke. I'll preface this by admitting: I'm young -- and I am often told I look younger than I actually am. I get carded everywhere I go and I'm curious if the "stigma" of being young and therefore not going to spend a fortune played an impact on my experience. Also, the food was awesome, every single bite was delicious. Our server was incredibly friendly. But the host the night I went left a "bad taste" in my mouth that, weeks later, I'm still annoyed thinking about. So the story begins... I expected a wait, no big deal. It was Saturday at dinner time. But I couldn't help but notice that the two parties ahead of mine (and the two that put names in after) were offered menus and drinks. I was there for my birthday! I would've loved a glass of wine to sip as we watched what appeared to be a drug deal going on in the sketchy hotel next door. Alas, no offer.   Then, after one person in my party of three was told he could not run to grab a coffee across the street at the threat of having our name taken off the list, another girl put her name in. Her party wasn't there yet, but when the host learned he knew her family, there was not a worry in the world! They'd have a table for them as quickly as possible after they got there. I get it. People know people. People want to help out the people they know. That's fine. But when the rest of her party of four arrived and complained they didn't have a table yet (when we'd be standing there awkwardly waiting for 35 minutes), SUDDENLY the host had a "great idea" -- he could seat us-- at the bar! "No I think we'll wait for that table," I replied (motioning to a woman with her purse on her lap, chair pulled out, waiting for her husband in the bathroom.) "Oh they're probably not leaving anytime soon," the host told me (probably winking over my head to the party behind me). Surprise! They got up and left about a minute and a half later. The "important people" behind us got a seat a few minutes later. Great food (very photogenic too which I always think is a plus), great service during the meal. I'd love to go into detail but what I remember about that night was the host. I'd like to say once we were seated that was the end of my encounter with said host. Unfortunately though, it was the host who my boyfriend had told it was my birthday and the host who tried ONCE to light a candle and declared: it's too windy, it won't work. So I had to "blow out" an unlit candle... happy birthday Alex. He also ran the credit card we gave him, told us it didn't work and that we'd have to find another way to pay. Luckily, we had another card, but I checked immediately afterwards-- there was nothing wrong with the first one. Probably no one is still reading this long tale of mine, but it feels good to vent. I will be back, the mac & cheese is too good to stay away. But honestly, if that guy is manning the door upon my return, I just might have to skip out and try a different day.
I can die with a smile on my face now that I've had the toffee, butterscotch bread pudding at Blue Collar.  Dear God, YUMMO!!!!  When the waiter called it magical, I thought I would call his bluff, but he was not lying.  Really spectacular and, by far, the best I have ever had!  I've now been to blue collar 3 times since finding it two weeks ago.  I am all about the veggie platters.  The cheese grits are amazing, the artichoke hearts are delicious and the kale, yes, kale, is even a repeat performer for me.  I've taken a number of people and tasted many dishes at this point and, so far, nothing disappoints!  The service has been very good as well.  I will say, however, don't be fooled by pics, the place is TINY!!!  But well worth the trip!!!
Daniel Serfer is working his ass off, and from the bottom of my heart this is my favorite restaurant in Miami and a modern for what small, well-run businesses should be. Blue Collar is a tiny restaurant housed just off (what, apparently, used to be) a fleabag motel in MiMo. The concept is deli, with a concentration on slow-cooked meats and home cooking. I'm not going to even tell you how amazing the food is because I am confident that everything you have will BLOW YOUR MIND it's amazing. And forget that Yardbird bullshit of serving "home cooking" in dainty portions...this isn't french food. At Blue Collar, an order can feed you dinner + lunch the next day with leftovers so damn good they that make you forget they're leftovers. I first ate here at the bar one night when it was super crowded. I ordered a deli-style platter of the day with my favorite, brisket. The plate was amazing, and cooked beautifully, but the meat was a little fatty. Because I was at the counter, the chef noticed I was picking out the fat, and no questions asked, HE PREPARED ME A NEW PLATE. I then googled him later that night and saw he was the owner. That's legit: he saw an opportunity and made things right. I was impressed by the food, but also really impressed by this service. Amazing business, amazing ownership, and amazing food. 5 well-deserved stars.
This place is awesome. How about "I'll have everything in the veggie board"?
I feel a little unnecessary being another 5 star review, as if Blue Collar needs the help, but this place man oh man, let me put it this way If I had to pick a breakfast place to be at when the zombie apocalypse hit, it would def be BC sitting & scarfing down the ultimate breakfast burrito & chasing with fresh OJ.... Location: Had no trouble finding parking Inside: Adorbs... I mean how else do you describe your coffee being served out of a vintage lunchbox canteen? Service: Even coming during crazy Sunday brunch hours, our waitress took care of us without neglecting or being to on top of us, hard to find. although I was un-sold on the tuxedo printed shirt haha Price: Fair for quality ingredients & portion
Whether you are a "fat kid" at heart or a healthy "farm to table" type, your foodie alter ego will be more than satisfied with not only the food but also the warm and hospitable service you receive.  Best meal we've had since moving to South Florida and we've been on the hunt.
One of the best meals I've ever had in Miami. Comfort food with a twist. From the chef special appetizer (head cheese) to the bread pudding; everything was excellent. Some other items that we ordered include the vaca frita tostones, the pasta ragout, and of course the homemade French fries. With a kitchen so small it's amazing this place is able to put out such fantastic food in a timely manner. Service was also on point. Very good. Seemed that every staff member not only knew the menu very well, but was also proud of the menu. I will be coming back here for sure.
Blue collar, Blue collar, I can only imagine that for the past two weeks, your ears must have been ringing a whole lot. We talked about you; we planned and read the reviews.  When the day finally arrived, we wore our most comfortable pants and drove over to what was supposed to be something spectacular, you know, based on your 4.5 star reviews on yelp and all. Oh Blue Collar, Blue Collar, how we wanted to like you. Instead, you left us feeling, oh so blue. When we arrived we were greeted by a laid back cool guy who asked if we wanted inside or out. Since we had a toddler with us and felt maybe the enclosed space might be a bit much, we opted for the latter. Cool guy didn't need to take our names down, cool guy knew who we were, like all cool guys writing stuff down is just...not cool. So, we stand outside, awkwardly, because there's no waiting area. 20 minutes pass, our turn is up, cool guys gone, we are asked to sit...inside. No, no... we requested outside. Few minutes later, we have our table, we sit down and we get a brunch menu. A brunch menu at 3:30? Brunch it is, oh by the way there's no waffles and we are out of the only sandwich you want (the big ragout sandwich) . Apparently "it's late and the kitchen staff is done and not having it". Ok no problem...Friend #1 will have the big juicy slab of beef with no salt. Friend #2 will have the overpriced mediocre grilled cheese with bacon (2 extra bucks for the bacon). Friend #3 (the star of the show) will have the breakfast burrito, you know, the one with the extra runny, undercooked eggs, the chipotle sauce that was used in such an abundance I had to watch her scrape it off in pure delight, and the tasteless hash. I have to say friend number# 3 became very close to her toilet about 40 minutes after her encounter with the breakfast burrito. Thank god for Imodium AD!  Friend #4...that's me! Actually, mine was ok I had the grilled chicken with the beets and goat cheese and their sweet potatoes. Was it 4.5 stars worth? Na...not by a long shot but was it good? Yeah. Worth the trip? Most certainly not. We also had the shrimp and grits which were by all standards alright along with the Mac and cheese. Notice how that was the last item because just like I forgot to mention it, they must have forgotten about it in the kitchen. Cold mac and cheese, that seemed to be there for a while but since it was the end of the day, lets feed it to these non cool kids. Yeah! We had the bread pudding, which got mixed reviews and that was the end of our meal. No fireworks, no taste bud tango, only a toilet Mexican hat dance. Unfortunately, that's what blue collar left us with. Frankly, we could have complained about the mac and cheese, and we could have gotten up and left. Had we done these things or not I doubt an experience should ever be so crummy. Blue collar you could have done a lot of things in order to make the experience a little more tolerable. Especially, with the 4.5 stars you have on yelp. we expected more and maybe that's our fault. Will this place get a second chance? Perhaps, once we all are able to move on and forget about this experience. For now...I will be nice and instead of parting with friend #3s wishes of a zero star review. I'll give you a 1 because the bread pudding was good and because, dammit man! I want to like you! You've got a unique menu and if you'd only apply yourself I'm sure you'd be A-ok in my book.
A lot of hype around this place, and it fell short. How can anyone try to sell mac and cheese for $12? It's macaroni... and cheese. Was it good? Yes. Was it $12 good? No. This place is named "Blue Collar", but the prices are far, far, far from anything you could consider "blue collar". I wasn't expecting to pay $20 for a meal like I'm at a chain restaurant, but come on. These prices are insane for what you get. I just don't understand this newfound wave of "hip" restaurants that my generation flocks to. I didn't see any value in what I paid for, honestly. If I'm going to be paying this much for a place like this, at least make me feel welcome or that I'm not getting duped. The servers and staff were very attentive, don't get me wrong. But it wasn't until about halfway through our meal that we realized they were only checking up on us so often for one reason. They didn't care about our experience or how our meal(s) or drinks were. They just wanted to shuffle us out of there and seat a new group of people. I get it, it's a Friday night and you want to turnover tables for new guests because that = more $ for you. That's fine. I'm not trying to stand in your way because this is your livelihood. But don't put on a false face when you're checking on our meal every 5 minutes... that's a little overbearing and rude. A nice, relaxing meal, this was not. Undoubtedly this will be the last time I ever visit this spot. If you're an iphone-carrying, hip millennial with money burning a hole in your pocket, come here so you can instagram all your cool dishes you just forked half your paycheck over for.
Very unique place, have the tostones - the shrimp and grits and vegetable plate (had the coliflour, asperagus & Brussel sprouts)
Gave it two tries, spaced over a year. I guess its not my style. I found all the food average. Don't know what the hype is about. The service was good though. No liquor only beer and wine.
So I was loving this place for the down home comfort food and the good prices. Service was always a bit slow, but ok. However on my last visit. The shrimp I was served  were a few days past their prime, as was the sausage in the 'pork & beans'
Have been once before about 9 months ago with my sis and her bf for brunch. Sat inside; exhaust system is bad, so left smelling like grease and food. Eek. Food was solid, however, but nothing I itched to return to. Went again this past Saturday evening (July 5, 2014) with my mom (she wanted to try something different). Again, solid comfort food. Nothing exceptional but far from bad.  Will not salivate about returning, but if invited by a friend/date won't protest. Seated promptly by friendly hostess. That was extent of above average dining experience. Waiter must be someone's relative to have his job.  Sat outside, very slow on service (took 6+ min just to bring water, another 10 for wine) Waiter also had an off-putting attitude. Ordered the crispy skin snapper and cheeseburger. Fries were lukewarm, but as long as it took to get food, didn't send them back, else we may have been there another 20 min. We shared the wedge salad to start. It was good. Bacon was undercooked and not crispy. Came with two soggy strips instead of crispy crumbles. When I eat a salad, I like to only work with my utensils (not pick up soft bacon) Overall, the flavors were good. The burger and fish/fried rice were good too. Service is where this place is lacking. The waiter never once, not a single time, came by our table to ask how our food was, if he could get us anything. Nada. I had to return a glass of Pinot Gris, which tasted like the bottle had been open all day. He said it was just opened, which means the wine was very cheap (I'm not expecting Smith and Wo here, but still). Got a glass of chardonnay instead and it was much better. Overall, the food is tasty, but lack of detail and execution, along with subpar service is the achilles heel of this place. May or may not return.
I loved this place!  I have eaten breakfast & lunch here and I loved them both.  The atmosphere is very different than the usual Miami restaurant which I really appreciate. They serve lots of fresh vegetables and vegetarian options.  The portions are big so I recommend sharing some plates.
NPS = 10 I'll make it simple: If you visit Miami, you need to visit Blue Collar. It is as simple as that.  EVERYTHING on the menu is fantastic.  I have never had anything at this restaurant that is even mediocre.  And all at reasonable value. The burgers are great and you can tell the staff takes pride in doing what they do.  The best thing about this restaurant is that it keeps it simple. Every bite of every morsel of every meal has an explosion of flavor.  I even recently went here for a business meal and ordered a simple grilled chicken sandwich.  What i received is DEFINITELY the best chicken sandwich I have ever had in my life. The mac n cheese is to die for and so is the shrimp and grits.  But every other review will tell you that.  :) Things to watch out for is that parking is very limited and the place is VERY small.  But that makes it great because the waiter/waitress will be very attentive. I dare say this is my favorite restaurant in Miami.
This place is great enough to warrant my very first Yelp review... Pickled watermelon and brioche french toast - yum! Cool little place with a unique niche. And just to clarify... As a french toast connoisseur, this thick cut brioche french toast with the bananas foster topping (instead of syrup) is hands down the BEST french toast I've ever had... EVER. Not to mention the fresh link sausage and fresh fruit salad that it comes with. Worth every bit of the $13. Oh and the complimentary pickled watermelon is not what you expect and is fan-freakin-tastic. To complement the excellent food is equally excellent service. The waiters are on point and the chef actually left the kitchen to visit each and every table to ask  how the food was as well as their experience. Professional and friendly this staff is great. If you are looking for a delicious breakfast on the cheap, Blue Collar is for you. Can't wait to return to check out the non-breakfast food which also looks amazing.
I seriously wish I was morbidly obese sometimes, like for when I'm eating at blue collar. I just want more. I don't know what they put in their pancakes, but, I don't know how to explain them- they're like a dragon that no matter how hard you try, you just can't seem to chase down.
Excellent food and service. Definitely one of the best restaurants in Miami. Ive been there many times and have tried something new each time and everything has been spectacular. it is a small place with limited seating which might be an issue for some ppl but i don't really mind it i hate to see them expanding their business at the price of losing the high quality. Don't change anything it is perfect the way it is  :)
Excellent Brunch...Breakfast Burrito was perfect but Pull Pork Benedict was excellent. Pulled pork is cooked in semi sweet BBQ Sauce and place over a freshly Baked corn bread, the eggs were perfect. Very Hipster! But worth the trip.
There are a lot of places to go to for a dinner but why choose Blue Collar?  Well, I also asked my friend about this but she just smiled at me. We we're there at exactly 7pm. The place was already crowded. I thought we couldn't sit immediately and luckily someone came and said that he had a perfect table for us. He showed me the menu and I'm kind of amazed on what were listed on the menu; Frank n beans no Warren caught my attention and the waiter said it was a good choice too.. Then I ate this Spare Ribs and I before I noticed it, I was already full. That dinner at Blue Collar was good.
Alright, so this place is so over-hyped. The food is good, yeah, but nothing out of this world - especially not at the price it is. Let's remember that Blue Collar is attached to a sketchy ass motel on Biscayne where you have to pretty much fight for a parking spot. Want to eat outside? Better shout over the traffic wizzing by. Not feeling it. Left still hungry and a lot more broke.
the food is fantastic.  i had some outrageous dish.  skirt steak parm.  so freaking good. a mac and cheese was on the table. very good.  potato pancakes was a great start.  my new fav restaurant in miami.the time we had to wait took the only star away.  and this was on sunday nite.
Came for the infamous bread pudding so this review is for dessert only. Not much to be said for the location, in a seedy Biscayne Blvd Motel. Shady looking parking lot with some questionable passers by, probably wouldn't come here alone as a girl but then again, why would I? Once you get past the lack of curb appeal, the restaurant is cozy and the staff genuinely friendly. As for the bread pudding that has been labeled Miami's best BP by some of my fellow yelpers... well, different strokes for different folks. The name pretty much says it all: Butterscotch Heath bar BP, served with home made heavy cream. Talk about tooth ache inducing sweetness. The texture is awesome, not too dense, moist, fluffy, crispy on top, but the candy bars baked into it just make it over the top sugary. The guava cream cheese BP at Uva 69 just a block away is a more grown up and balanced version. The berry cobbler on the other hand lacked sugar. The berries were already tart, the biscuit topping was hardly sweet at all, but nice and crispy. The vanilla ice cream gave it the sweetness it needed, we just needed more of it. The price relative to portion size is definitely right. i would definitely come here to try their veggie platter and their shrimp and grits. To be continued...
I invited my best friend for lunch and i was SOOO embarrassed to have taken her here since the restaurant is inside a vandalized unoccupied motel. I was really afraid to leave my car parked on the side of the motel and I was also afraid to walk into the place itself as it looks like it was once the office room of the motel. The place is really small and feels very crowded when a lot of costumers are dining in. I was sat at the bar and i was burning alive. It was extremely hot in there but unfortunately there were not other tables available. I ordered something from the menu they did not have and it was only 11am-12pm. The service was not the best, as our waitress did not  hear or forgot about half of our order. The food is great but a bit overpriced...i mean its not even in a nice setting nevertheless a fancy restaurant. Its a shame because the food was great. I probably wouldn't go back there again.
I've avoided reviewing what may be my favorite restaurant in Miami for the same reason as a lot of yelpers it seems - what else else is there to say about this place that hasn't been said by everyone else? Truthfully it doesn't matter. Blue Collar deserves all the accolades it gets. I remember the first time I came here about a month after it opened I was pretty worried about the sketchy motel it was attached to. Now, it's one of my favorite parts of the experience. Blue Collar is humble and down to earth if nothing else. I really hate pretension and there's absolutely none of it here. And yet the real standout is not the great service, or the great concept, or the wonderful fact that Danny Serfer is in here all the time not just cooking but walking around to the tables to see that all his guests are happy, it's the FOOD. Standouts include: *Super Tender Hanger Steak - YES, this steak was perfect, and the fries here are delicious. *Shrimp & Grits & Mac & Cheese - both are a different spin on a classic. The grits is a little drier (no tomato broth here) but the sauce is smoky, spicy, and tasty. You can really taste the Dijon mustard on the Mac...in a good way. *Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - you have to order this for brunch. I don't like sweet breakfast much but AMAZING. *Heath Bar Bread Pudding - don't bother getting anything else, because you'll be missing out on one of the best desserts ever. The couple of items I've had and wasn't crazy about are no longer offered, although I do miss the Swordfish. All the vegetables have been pretty stellar too. Definitely love the sweet potato plantain mash and the tomato mozzarella salad. As if you needed more reason to go it's also very reasonably priced - even the more expensive entrees still hover at only about $20, and most of the portions are big enough for sharing. Practical tip: go past Blue Collar and make the first left - the parking is behind the motel on that street. Love this place!
Oof! So good! The breakfast burrito (chorizo and smoked gouda- get excited!) filled me up better than any boyfriend I've ever had..
Disappointed. We weren't able to taste the food because it closes so early and more importantly they couldn't sit a family of 6.
Agree with another reviewer.  Not sure what all the fuss is about.  Food is ok but is not out of this world.   Dolphin was ok.  Ribs were not good at all.  Pancakes were tasty.  Eggs were eggs. Usually don't complain about service but have to say our waitress was just plain rude.  She got better as meal progressed but initial interaction was not good at all.  Maybe I had the same waitress as other reviewers.
I had the latkes to start which were just ok-- they were definitely overcooked and not that good golden brown they should be. I had the vegetable plate which was awesome and a very large portion. On the veggie plate I had sauteed kale which was the best thing on there. The caramelized brussel sprouts were ok-- they were a bit overcooked. The watermelon salad was refreshing, but a bit too sweet. The beets and goat cheese were good. They had an awesome craft beer selection. Probably much more enjoyable if you can get a seat in the tiny area inside-- sitting on the deck is nice, but it's very loud because it's next to a super busy road. The stand out part about this place was the server we had and the key lime pie. The only two reasons I'd return. Honestly this place was a little overpriced especially since it's called "blue collar." It just seemed a little too trendy for me.
This place is unpretentious with amazing food and service! The flavors of every single thing on your plate will make your taste buds roar with excitement. The key lime pie is a MUST. I am one happy girl every time I arrive and leave this place. The crowd is local and cool (Not "south beach cool") more of a chill hipster mixed with older crowd. What I like the most is that the place is tiny, but they are very friendly and accommodating if you bring your child. A+!!!
Food is amazing, they have great selections for everyone, whether vegetarian, omnivore, pescetarian, or carnivore.  The staff is friendly, and the flavors are interesting, unconventional and fun, with spins on veggies such as curry cauliflower puree, something that is uncommon to see on a menu, or their delicious beets and mushrooms.   The only drawback is parking, something that can only be described as terrible and frustrating.  On the day I came, I ended up barely squeezing between a wall and a car, needing help from someone to park there and having to maneuver for about 15 minutes to try reverse-parking, and having to exit my car through the passenger seat.  That was the only spot, and considering they are in a motel, it is difficult enough to even FIND a spot, since 99%-100% of them are either being used by those staying at the motel, or other restaurant patrons.  I am sure that if they had better parking options, they'd have a much, much larger clientele.  I asked the waitress if there were other parking options and was told that was it, so maybe the best option is to take a cab there, or if you live somewhat close to Blue Collar, walk there.
Who says breakfast are boring, this was on of the best, especially Pork&beans...have to try them. The table next to us had Mac & cheese, we had to order it to go.... It looked amazing can't wait to get home. ps. Was NOT disappointed Mac&Cheese was GREAT!
Thank you from the San Diego girl ...I asked whether I should get the Jambalaya or the burger. The waiter said, "How would you get the burger cooked if you got it?" I said, "Medium rare, probably"... He said, "Get the burger"... I said, "That was the best burger of my life!" Great meat, great bun, cute place...order the key lime pie too. I want to eat there NOW!!! Also, my friend who doesn't really eat meat, and is almost borderline vegan ordered the garden burger. He said it was amazing. We were both really satisfied with the fries. The waitstaff could have been a little more friendly, but I think we are San Diegans thinking everyone is as lackadaisy as us... apparently they had jobs to do or something...
Great food. Wide variety. Pleasant efficient service.  Friendly chef. Really a cozy comfortable place. Hard not to like!! The Shrimp and Grits is great. The pork chop is thick and boneless.  The brisket is slow cooked and not at all like bbq brisket -- totally different.  I give it 3 yums!
Amazing. Blue collar is a standout. My family does Crossfit and we tend to eat very healthy so we are picky when we go out and they had so many great options for us. They offer almost every vegetable imaginable ... Cippolini onions, sweet potato plantain mash, cauliflower mash, Brussel sprouts.. I could go on. The mahi mahi is DELISH. If you like fish... GET IT! Also.. My favorite is the tostones with the steak on top! All of the food is seasoned well and is served hot, well prepared and yummy!
Blue Collar is a do not miss culinary experience. Simple and delicious. Yum!!  Lunch or Dinner, you will not Be disappointed!! A comfortable and satisfying meal is guaranteed!!
This was my second visit to Blue Collar and it didn't disappoint. I was with 2 others and we ordered the smoked Gouda appetizer. I'm not usually a fan of smoked anything (except salmon) but this rocked! I'm not sure if I liked the sauce that came with it more than the cheese but the combination was stupid good! It was a whole grain mustard based sauce! I think the sauce on a rock would have tasted good! I was not wanting anything heavy for dinner so I ordered the veggie plate....it was 4 of their veggies (from a choice of about 20). I chose the tomato mozzarella salad, sautéed mushrooms, grilled baby artichoke hearts with a lemon aioli, and caramelized Brussels sprouts...all amazingly delish and while very filling, I walked away without too much guilt! Being that we went on a Monday night, we were the first ones there and it was quite empty which was surprising. They open at 6 pm so get in line for this fabulous 25 seat gem on Biscayne Blvd!!!
Great place, food was amazing. The owner Serfer was great. I would definitely recommend this place.
I've had a bite of nearly half the menu and everything has been delicious!! But before you go, be ready to wait for your table... standing. outside. for an hour. in the redlight district. possibly with mosquitoes. And if your parking skills are decent, go ahead and park in the mini-lot out front. Parking on the side of the hotel-motel building may leave you vehicle-less by the end of your meal.. it happened to another restaurant customer during my first visit. Window glass on the floor and everything. Just remember as you park your car: that someone... is watching... Sorry, paranoia. You'll see this restaurant is small but truly so sweet. The first time I ordered only vegetables, it was a tasty and satisfying meal in itself! I really enjoyed the crispy skin snapper-  reminded me of some deep home cookin. Oxtail braise was really good too. My last recommendation is the inspiration for writing this review: Valrhona Chocolate Cake. There's nothing else like it. If you like chocolate cake, you must try Blue Collar's! Served with a glass of milk, it's the best chocolate cake I've ever had. The cake alone justifies the need to open a blue collar bakery. I know, fanatical.
You have to try Blue Collar. Excellent food in a non-typical Miami atmosphere. Comfort food done at an expert level.
Gotta say, I love this place, and there is nothing I have eaten here I haven't loved. The best dishes for brunch* are the Big Ragout sandwich, and the lemon-ricotta pancakes. The Big Ragout (served at dinner over pasta for twice the price) is a mind-bending blast of incredible pork-and-veal in a zesty tomato sauce, dotted with real mozzarella cheese. For $9, it's slopped heartily (it's a sloppy sandwich) into thick, crusty white bread. You MUST try this. Mmm . . . For dinner? I love the "Corben," a pair of succulent brisket sandwiches prepared on "Portuguese muffins" (fancy English muffins), served alongside a delicious au jous sauce. The two potato latkes and accompanying dark apple sauce are superfluous, as the dish is already TWO full sandwiches. But it's a fantastic dish nonetheless. Want just a bite? Take in the watermelon-cucumber salad, with spicy honey. So fresh, so tangy! The restaurant itself is set inside the defunct Biscayne Inn, a '50s deco motel that feels a bit like a time warp. The only thing is, it's TINY. If you decide to dine in, be ready to squeeze next to your neighbor and to turn up your hearing aid (j/k), as, between the kitchen noise and the drunken laughs at the table next door, it's very loud inside. The outdoor eating area, beneath a tent, is nice enough when it's not super hot or raining. Beware the hipster facial hair and hipster glasses of the all-men waitstaff. They're hipsterly INTENSE! *It's also worth knowing they serve Panther coffee--in hipster lumberjack thermoses.
Fantastic! Brandon's breakfast is amazing. Love the pancakes, french toast and especially the sausage! Shrimp and grits was insane with some of that thick cut bacon sprinkled on top. Do yourself a favor and get a bottle of champagne and some O.j. for mimosas. No champagne buckets here, it's blue collar all the way so your champagne is chilled in a paint can! Can't go wrong with Panther coffee and they even have stevia! It's busy so expect to wait a little for a seat and service, but the servers are kind, friendly and helpful and all is worth the wait. Can't wait to try one of their desserts!
Blue Collar is everything I read it would be! I came in for a very late breakfast and was far from disappointed. I ordered Brandon's Breakfast which is more like a sampler... toast, pancake, French toast, bacon, sausage, & a fruit medley. The pancake was my least favorite. It was tasty & fluffy but it had a hint of a fruit that my palate wasn't interested in - I want to say it was blueberry. The French toast, however, was every bit of delicious.... and big too! The sausage seemed homemade & came in a 3 linked chain. It's by far the best I've every tasted. The food was delivered pretty quickly after offering as well. The downside: Our server was just okay. He seemed very busy and only remembered to bring things to our table that had a cost attached to it (i.e. mimosa vs syrup). This was also observed at other tables too. Parties of 3 or more will have to wait longer because Blue Collar is not large but popular. It's located next to a sketchy hotel but don't be deterred; it's actually a nice restaurant. And for these reasons, I taste it a 4/5
Blue Collar,  a gourmet twist on comfort food, is a great addition to the neighborhood. I have been for lunch and dinner, and each time can't wait to come back and try something else. It is a small/intimate space in a hotel with minimal parking outside, but there is parking on the side streets close by. I love the decor/ambiance and how the menu is given to you on a clipboard and also written out in chalk on chalk boards.  The most unrated part, I think, is the vegetable selection on the menu! This place is great for vegetarians and also those of us who are sick between having to constantly choose between vegetable medley or mashed potatoes. I also like how the kitchen is open and you can witness the owner proudly cooking up a storm. The staff has always been knowledgeable and friendly. Previously, I have had the big ragout sandwich which was HUGE and overflowing with meat. I would not recommend ordering this on a first date or when you happen to be wearing all white. I have also had the Mahi Mahi which was PERFECT. The beats and goat cheese was great, and so was the kale and asparagus. Everything was really fresh and the portions are plentiful. We didn't love the vaca frita tostones (the vaca frita was kind of dry and bland) or the spring rolls (left something to be desired) but everything else made up for it. One of the times, for dessert, we had the BREAD PUDDING which was the best bread pudding I have ever tasted. Bread pudding is easy to mess up and one bad experience can turn you away from it forever, along with just the name itself, (does bread really belong in pudding?) but Blue Collar's bread pudding will make you a lover for life. A good place for a 1st date, lunch with a colleague, or a neat place to bring friends from out of town.
I love how these up and coming chefs are opening up restaurants in unusual places--putting their money in the food, not the real estate.  If I can get a great meal in a less than fancy place, I'm all for it, as long as the place is clean.  I was in the area, so I decided to brave the crowds and try it out. Boy, was that a good decision. Only waited about ten minutes and was seated at the bar, where the action was. I ordered the Pork and Beans with a sunny side-up egg. Sunny side is a NEVER for me (runny eggs--eew!), but I sopped up that baby with some wonderful rustic bread. One of my complaints about these new crops of restaurants is the absence of a good selection of veggies, if any. Not so the case here.  My sauteed kale hit the spot. Enough has been said about the bread pudding. But it was very good. And the price was right. I'll be back--soon.
This place didn't really need my review but as a true foodie why not. Being a lover of great things this did that for me. A midweek lunch date with myself with the company of a Philly cheesesteak the blue collar way. I loved it. The bread was soft and the cheese topping the meat was strong. I love cheese so I appreciated the cheese selections. The location is small which for me means cozy. The next time I'm in the area I'll surely be stopping by again as long as I can find a close parking.
This place is nothing but AWESOME all around. The staff is very kind and helpful! The food is out of this world amazing! You will love the food so much that you will come back the next week, or better yet, even the next day. The food taste so good and the servers are beyond AMAZING!
Order anything, it's all great! So impressed with the quality of food these guys are delivering. Can't wait to go back!!
It was overall very good, but do not get the chicken. For appetizer we got this pork and bean dish. I definitely was not expecting what came out. It's not your typical bowl of beans. It was good, but very small, you can only really share it with one other person. For the main course my boyfriend ordered baby back ribs, and they were delicious. I ordered chicken and veggies (I wasn't trying to be healthy either). The chicken was grilled, but very dry in the inside. I'm not sure what I was expecting when I ordered chicken breast. The veggies definitely made up for the dry/tasteless chicken. I ordered the Brussels sprouts and the roasted butternut squash. YUMMY! Both amazing and very unhealthy despite they are vegetables.  I think next time I would order the vegetable platter, that's how good the vegetables are. For desert we had the bread pudding, it's a MUST if you're a desert person.
Whoa.  Really good mini cuban sandwiches. Excellent vibe and lives up to its name. Go.
Overrated... Horrible service and overpriced.  We went about six months ago and enjoyed the pork and beans and the BLT.  We decided to go back for a nice breakfast. This morning the BLT had raw bacon and the pork and beans tasted like they were straight out of the Bush's Baked can from aisle 4 at Publix.   Only thing that was good this morning was  watching the drug deals go down in the motel it is attached to and the panther iced coffee of course.
i finally made it to brunch at blue collar and already am day dreaming of my next visit!! we had to wait about 10 -15 mins which wasnt so bad. the restaurant was very small, maybe 10 tables inside and 8 outside. we shared the brandons special and at $19 it was worth every penny bc 2 hungry adults ate every last bite and felt totally satisfied. 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, fruit salad, toast, pancakes, and french toast! we also got some coffee and mimosas and a side of cheese grits which were awesome (my moms are better but these were damn good). my husband can be very hard to please and this place hit the mark! he left a very happy man and ive heard him raving about it to several people. we will back soon... the dinner menu made my mouth water!
We dropped in not knowing what to expect.  We had the oxtail for the first time ever.  It was... ...D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S... Yep, I had to spell it out because it was so amazing (perfectly seasoned and spicy, tender and YUM).  We will definitely be back and I am sure all the other dishes are just as good.
Best, mix of American food!! This is a very small place, but the food makes up for the space.  I've had the shrimp & grits, mac n' cheese, cheese burger and jambalaya - all of it fire!!  The side and desert are amazing as well.  If you're a coffee addict, you must try their Panther coffee... deelish!!
It was a rainy Thursday night, I was hungry, and I was in the mood for some Indian food. Although the place nearest to me wasn't great, it was good enough for take out. Unsurprisingly, I found the store had closed for good. I was left to make a choice.. Wendy's? Uggh, not more fast food! Haven't been to Blue Collar yet, so, why not? Gotta see what all the Yelping's been about. I've never been a fan of this location, parking kind of sucks, and the previous tenant left me with not so great memories. They too were praised by the Yelp community by and large, never understood why though. Hopefully this place will live up to the hype. I chose to sit at the counter, seating was limited due to the weather, turned out to be a good idea. I had a nice conversation with a couple sitting next to me and with the manager behind the register. I looked around the menu. First thing that struck me is that it was kind of pricey,  but the food coming out of the kitchen did look pretty amazing. I was torn between a few good sounding options, so I asked the manager for his recommendation for a first timer. He suggested the "Really Juicy Chesseburger" and bread pudding for desert. I told him I was apprehensive as most burgers usually don't compare to my benchmark standard, but he assured me that it was good and that he'd pay for it if I didn't agree. Fair enough I suppose! My food came out fairly quickly. The burger looked good, complete with a mound of fresh cut fries. It was a decent sized portion and as the name implied, it was really juicy and on par quality wise to my benchmark, the fries were on a whole different level of awesome however. I really didn't need the desert.. really didn't need it.. but I ordered it anyway because it did look good.. As soon has the manager said Heath Bar I said DONE, bring it on! Now I should mention I'm not a huge desert person, I rarely order it, but I'm glad I did. The bread pudding is nothing short of amazing. At first bite it's a taste explosion. Not too sweet.. a little spicy.. ?!?! Ok, that's different but IT WORKS! Paired with the fresh made whipped cream.. wow. It really made my dining experience complete. Pricey, a little, but at least the quality really is there. Certainly better then the majority of the over hyped over yelped places in Miami.
The waiter was so nice and helpful he recommended us things from the menu and even picked my beer! LOL -- No date needed. Food is amazing, no diet friendly so if you love to eat with no restrictions... I definitely recommend. Only thing is that the seating is very limited so we waited for about 20 minutes to eat!.
Amazing place! Great food and service! Everything my friends and I ordered was fantastic. This place is a hidden gem!
Great ambiance. Location definitely adds to the mystery if it's your first time. Awesome food and great staff. You gotta try the specials. Veggies are simple but full of flavor. Overall everything was better than could be imagined. Will be back.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1. The Big Ragout, pulled pork on jalapeño cornbread, Panther iced coffee, pork belly shrimp n' grits, cheeseburger.  All cooked to heavenly perfection. I prefer visiting restaurants I haven't been to before but Blue Collar keeps me coming back.  Mr. Serfer was obviously trained by magical unicorns in chef's clothing.   2. The service. These dudes run an incredibly well-oiled machine.  On our last visit when I placed my drink order the waitress all of a sudden remembered everything we ordered the time we visited before! 3. Location. I love how this little section of Miami is quickly becoming my go-to for nom noms.   4. Speed. At first glance you see the crowd outside waiting for tables and you're likely to say "hell to the no!"  But alas, wait for a table.  Wait times aren't as bad as they appear.  And since it seems they are masters of food prep, you won't wait too long for your grub once you've been seated.   I can go on and on but you have to try it for yourself.  You won't be sorry!
There is nothing "blue collar" about Blue Collar.  This is a hidden gem in what I would otherwise consider to be a reasonably forgettable area on Biscayne Blvd.  The  food puts a creative spin on all-American favorites, although the neighborhood leaves a lot to be desired.  This industrial diner throwback is an amazing lunch option and perfect place to catch up with friends over coffee. Not to be missed if you're working in Midtown or the Design District.
I'd heard about this place since it first opened, but never seemed able to get there. I finally got there, and it was well worth the wait! I went with a friend who had been there before. She went with a healthier choice: the vegetable board. What amazed me was the number of choices of vegetables! So many options; each one looked better than the last. And when the board and out, everything looked fresh and was perfectly prepared! I decided to skip healthy, and go with what caught my eye: the Mac. Let me say, Mac and cheese is one of my favorite things. How can it not be? Well, I've never had Mac like this before. First, I loved the noodles. They were perfectly cooked. I added the bacon, which was a good call. The smokiness of the bacon mixed with the gooey cheese and the pepper added to the Mac, it was delicious. I was full, but I kept eating because it was so tasty! We finished it off with the bread pudding. Now that is bread pudding! It's so sweet, which is almost too much but not quite. It's paired with a spicy whipped cream! Be prepared for the kick! But the sweetness of the bread pudding is right there to cool off your mouth! Amazing, can't wait to make several trips back to try everything else!
These hipsters know their way around a kitchen.  Whoever created the menu knows how to blend delicious flavor combinations with seemingly very fresh ingredients.  The sandwich portions are nice and large, and the salads are light and refreshing.  (I do wish the salad portions are a bit bigger though).   My fiancee and I shared the big ragout and the corben.  The big ragout had a great smokey flavor.  The latkes with the corben had a few added ingredients, which nicely complemented the flavor I am used to.  The bread pudding whipped cream is fabulous too. The seedy motel (to which the restaurant is attached) keeps the place from taking itself too seriously.  Some of the menu items could be served in a 5 star restaurant for 5x the price.  The servers would have to trade in their t-shirts with silk screened bow-ties for real penguin suits.... hope they don't do that.
I am ashamed at myself for not having had the decency to write a Blue Collar review sooner, as I've been keeping the pleasures of Blue Collar all to myself over the past year or so.  I have been to this place over ten times and each time, I walk away feeling impressed with its ability to continue to amaze me. The name Blue Collar says it all. There is no pretension here; just great food and great service at wallet-friendly prices.  If you want fancy silverware, linen table cloths, and small portions, I suggest you go elsewhere. Blue Collar is for the person that can eat, not the person that wants to be seen eating. Asking me to choose between brunch or dinner -- or asking me which menu item is my favorite -- is like asking a parent to tell you which of his children is his favorite.  That being said, some of my most favorite dishes include: Brunch menu: Pork and beans: absolutely amazing. They're a little spicy, so beware Pulled-pork benedict served over corn bread: absolutely genius French toast stuffed with cream cheese and mixed berries Lemon-ricotta pancakes Dinner menu: Baby back ribs: ridiculously tender and juicy Big ragout sandwich: huge portion of meaty deliciousness Oxtail braise Cuban sandwich spring rolls: wonderful twist on traditional spring rolls Vaca frita tostones Dessert: the bread pudding is orgasmic Big shout-out to the wait staff, who are sharply dressed in their tuxedo shirts and manage to impressively remain calm and friendly while consistently providing good service, even during the busiest hours.
Outstanding mac and cheese, veggies, and sides. Actually everything here is really good. Only down would be they close for a couple of hours in between lunch and dinner service. You'll be dreaming of their food after you leave this place. Can't wait to go back !
This place is LEGIT. I've been for brunch as well as lunch and I always leave feeling wonderfully stuffed and happy. If you're doing brunch you HAVE to have the shrimp n grits. Seriously, I didn't even know I liked grits. And you also have to try the mac n cheese. *HAVE TO* The French toast is also worth mentioning, but again, my all time favorite would be their grits. For lunch I like to keep it light and  not feel so full, since I have to come back to work and not straight to sleep. I love the grilled chicken sandwich. That marmalade they use....mmmmm. I've also had the cheeseburger and Cordon Bleu, all very yummy!!! If you're going for sides, I've tried the tomato and mozzarella salad and the asparagus, all great!!! The only very small complaint I would have is that the aioli on the artichoke hearts tastes like straight up mayo. Who knows, maybe it was just the one time I ordered it. Regardless, I love this place and would highly recommend to anyone who hasn't been.
The place is small and it doesn't take reservations. These are two important things to know before coming so as to get your mind right before walking in the door. The day I walked into Blue Collar, I was a party of two (with my dining companion running on serious Miami time). It was also in the midst of a torrential downpour so outside seating was a no go. After circling the block, I called the restaurant and found out that there's parking on 68th. I parked, breathed deep and sprinted inside the restaurant. After scoring the last two top and seeing that my friend would be another twenty minutes [point of order: Miamians, stop this; come to things on time], I ordered a bottle of white wine and some water. And, then the hordes came in. If not traveling with your dining guest, I suggest that you wear kevlar as I thought I would be shot for sitting at a two-top with only one person. The one thing that saved me was the fact that the parties were 4-tops. Don't come here with a 4-top. You will wait for a very long time. Be the two-top. Get the picture? Good. Let's eat. Blue Collar is serving up some tasty eats in a fun environment. Yes, it's small but small = intimate. If you score seating, you're guaranteed a good experience. Part of the appeal of BC is that you can allow the chef to take you on a culinary carpet ride. Trust the kitchen. Look at the menu but allow yourself to be taken in by the chalkboard offerings. I began my meal with the pork & beans. Yes, yes I fell prey to the kitschy name but the taste proved my gut right: I chose wisely. I mean, how good does bacon, sausage, white beans, fried egg, and toast points sound? Well, multiply that by two and you'll get a sense of the dish. Order it. It's fatty, decadent goodness but it makes you feel good. You like feeling good, don't you? For my entree, I went to the board. That night, I was intrigued by the swordfish. I hadn't had that particular fish since I was a child and I wanted to remember the taste. It's a mild-tasting saltwater fish with a nice meaty texture. This texture was nicely complimented by the mushroom-potato hash and PURPLE MUSTARD. Purple mustard was new to/for me. It's sweet & spicy but, most importantly, IT'S PURPLE. You know how I am about colors. As we ate (my dining companion finally made her way to Biscayne and 67th), we laughed, gossiped, listened, and ate like royalty. Our server was extremely cool. She never gave me a hard time about taking up a seat as a solo and she never rushed us. She gave us fantastic suggestions for our meal and didn't let us leave without ordering dessert. I thought I was too full but as soon as she said, 'berry cobbler,' I knew that I would only let my friend have a couple of bites before I destroyed the berry blend topped with vanilla ice cream. We killed the bottle of Pinot Gris and became the last people in the restaurant. I'm usually very conscious of that fact. I don't like keeping the staff after they've had a long day of working in a hot kitchen. Again, no one rushed us out. As we left, we were given smiles, waves and requests to come back. Good service makes meals all the better, doesn't it? I'll be back.
The summary: Food all tasted like vinegar, horrible experience, will not go again. Disgusting. WTF Yelp, this is a favorite... and why? I can't figure it out. Upon walking in, it was obvious that this was a Yelp clique place. Latin House Burger's calendar adorned the wall, Blo Midtown fliers sat nearby, all the places that usually sponsor events seemed to be showcased.   We deal with the long wait for a seat, Johnny T and other reviewers had already warned us of this. No biggie. Then we get seated. Getting in and out of the wobbly tables mean trampling somebody usually. Cramped doesn't begin to describe it. But again... reviewers had warned me of this, it was alright. The service was very friendly. That's about all the good things I have to say here. So, we get to the menu. Wow, look at all the delicious vegetables they have available! So exciting. No, wrong! Vinegar. Everything friggin' tasted like pure vinegar. My cauliflower puree? Vinegar. My chicken? WAY too much pepper, and vinegar. My warm potato salad... so much vinegar that the bacon was indistinguishable as bacon. It wasted like curdled vinegar. How was this even possible? HOW DO YOU MESS UP BACON?!? Anyway, I digress. I took some ribs home to my darlin'. A few bites in and I ask nonchalantly "how do you like them?" He said they were OK, a little dry, but somehow everything tasted like .... yup... the offending vinegar. How do you get away with serving 2 appetizers, and 3 separate meals to one party that all taste like textured nuggets of vinegar? Completely foul, completely disgusting, completely never EVER going back.
This place is a hidden gem.  On the outside, it's a little dive restaurant attached to a motel.  But inside it's another story.  Man was the food delicious (I'm actually noshing on leftover as I type this)!  I had eggplant parmigiana which is some of the best I've ever had.  Others at my table had prime rib and corvina fish, bok choy and asparagus, and they raved about it.   The service was fantastic.  The waiter went over everything with us, and worked to accommodate me because I am vegetarian.  The chef also gave us a complimentary appetizer after requesting that we switch seats so that he could accommodate family members.  It was a nice gesture that was not necessary, but was very much appreciated.  The chef also subsequently came by to personally check on us. Overall the food and service here warrant a five star rating and we will be back for more.
Blue Collar is TOTALLY unpretentious, as my friend Michelle T said on her review. She told me about this place months ago, along with other friends who frequently the establishment on a frequent basis. I was skeptical until our food arrived at the table and I had the first bite. OMFG. Both dishes were prepared perfectly. We ordered the Ribs special (bbq baby back) and the Braise (spicy oxtail). D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S. I can't wait to go back and try other things. Next time we will order various small plates to try out some of their 'known' items. Parking can be tricky. We parked inside the 'motel' where the restaurant is hosted. There is street parking on 68 or 69. I'm not sure how I'd feel leaving the car out there though. So please be mindful. Other than that, be ready to be blown away. The chef here deserves 5* for outstanding cooking. Holy Jeebus!
We went for the first time the other night, on a couple of friends' recommendation.  As we got there early, we got seated immediately ( I would never wait for an hour for a meal, no matter how outstanding).  Blue Collar is indeed friendly and quite small and has a family plus diner vibe to it.  The service is efficient and the vegetable I had along with my mahi mahi were simply the best I had in a restaurant.  The iced tea was a bit weak. My husband had the snapper dish and raved about the fish as well as the accompanying fried rice.  The key lime pie was also excellent.  We will go back for sure.  I am removing a star, because the food is a little too rich for  my taste and the parking situation not very glamorous, but Blue Collar is by no means a great restaurant that tries and succeeds in satisfying everybody's palate.
there are just so many reasons that make this place great!  I am so mad that it has just taken me so long to get here.  It means I have been missing out on good food for far too long. Where do I even begin?  There was not one dish I did not like and I would go back to have them again or try even more.... Vaca Frita Topped Tostones - I was wary in ordering this because I do not normally enjoy vaca frita.  Most places make it a little too "frita"so its this weird combination of stringy, greasy and tasteless.  But NOT HERE!  Its AMAZING here.  The vaca frita was just perfectly cooked, with enough of burnt pieces to make sure it was called vaca frita but most of the meat was tender, juicy and flavorful.  The sauce was great on top and it went perfect with the bite sized tostones.  I had to fight my partner to make sure that I got my fair share. Shrimp and Grits - another winner of a plate!  I could eat this as a meal in itself.  I wish it was bigger so i could have leftovers just so i could eat it again the next day!  You can't go wrong here The Big Rag Out - this was a great dish although the yelp pictures were bit misleading.   I kept expecting a sandwich but I guess for dinner its not a sandwich but a pasta plate.  Shredded beef in spicy tomato sauce with perfectly soft noodles!  I could eat this again and again! Bread Pudding - this dish stole the show!  Perfectly cooked warm heath bread pudding...with a bit of spiciness underneath.  It really surprises you!  First time you're not sure if it was the dish or remnants from the ragout...so you eat more.  Then the second time you are so pleased but are still in disbelief.  So you eat a third bite.  By then its confirmed that IT IS the bread pudding that is warm, gooey, sweet and SPICY in the most perfect way and then....the bread pudding is gone.  Somehow you are so wrapped up in the goodness that you have just inhaled the entire dish and left none to share.  oh well!
Love this place! After a long day at work, I went there for dinner. After devouring the delicious oxtail my headache went away. Not to mention the smile on my face after the first spoonful on the key lime pie!
Ive been here 3 times and never got to eat!  The customer service was horrible! Even when I called in...It was bad.... I was excited about eating here but I will never ever come back ever and I wont recommend it either!
I have been to blue collar 3 times. The first time I went for breakfast and had eggs benedict with homefries and coffee. It was amazing! It's hard to find a good cup of coffee - but theirs was great. I sat at the bar and the service was great. My second visit we had the shrimp and grits, and vaca frita on tostones - both were very good. Third visit - Clams - they were a bit on the salty side and nothing to write home about; roasted beet and goat cheese salad was good, but I wondered if the beets were fresh, the hamburger was amazing - but the fries were totally MEH. On my third visit I have to say the service was strange. Maybe because it's such a small space? I just was not sure who our server was and different people kept asking if we were ready to order - when we already had. One more thing - the bathroom. I have to say they were doing their best to mask the smell with candles, and air fresheners - but there was obviously a problem. It smelled like an outhouse - I am sure they are working to fix it (I hope). Overall, it's a fun place to go. I have enjoyed my three visits.... but without a menu change I can't say I will be going back anytime soon.
Had a great brunch with my wife. We shared the artichoke hearts and tasted awesome. I had the cordon bleu chicken, it was good. I thought it was a little over cooked but tasted ok. My wife had some fish sandwich and she really liked it. Only negative that I noticed where we sat was a lot of fruit flies, so we switched seats to the window. All and all had a good experience. I'll go back.
Excellent Food..! Our waiter was great.. Very informative and courteous. Very recommendable..!
What a dump.   The parking situation is awkward, as only a lot in an abandoned motel could be.  I wondered if my car would be broken into before I return, or maybe towed, or just dented?  The dining room is extremely cramped, loud and hectic.  The lights from the patio glared into my eyes the whole time as people bumped into my shoulder.  "What's all the fuss about?  I haven't even been seated and I'm already annoyed" So we elbow our way to a table, and we start to "get it".  The people stuffing their faces at the next table give us a nod and and a thumbs up as we review the menu. We took the tapas approach and made meals from the apps menu.  We ordered Cuban Sandwich Spring Rolls, Mac & Cheese, Mussels and Saffron Aroncini. Service was on-the-spot professional, enthusiastic and knowledgeable.   The pace was perfect, every dish was awesome (thoughts of the mussels are making my mouth water as I type this), even the prices are reasonable. I think this dump is my new favorite, and I haven't even had an entree!.  Please don't spread the word - there aren't enough tables for everyone.
Food excellent! Service Great! Very friendly and down-to-earth... our family craves those lemon ricotta pancakes on Sunday morning, and of course the pulled pork Benedict over Jalapeno corn bread is just amazingly delicious!
I had previously eaten at Blue Collar and all that I could remember was that it was loud.  Then recently I was deciding on a place to meet a friend for lunch and she suggested Blue Collar.  She confirmed that It was loud, but it was still one her of favorite spots.  I wanted to try it again...and now with managed expectations I thought I would give it another try. I arrived quite surprised to see it was packed.  This was both good and bad news.  Bad...since it was hard to find a parking space and a table.  But good in that I live in the same neighborhood and I'm always happy to see a good, local business thriving on the boulevard. As I remembered, it was indeed loud.  But as I wrote earlier...managed expectations. The menu had lots of tempting options, but I went with the waiter's suggestion...the Burger and fries.  I know it doesn't sound to adventurous...but if you like a good burger than you know it is apparently quite easy to screw it up. My burger arrived as ordered...medium rare.  It was juicy and tasty and the fries were also excellent.   So far so good. But it was trip back for their late night menu that really impressed. I arrived at 10:45pm.  I was greeted and seated by no less than three people and also told that they were just switching to the late menu and that it might take a little bit longer to get our food.  First score...telling a guest in advance that there might be delays??? A rather revolutionary idea for Miami. Again...it's all about managing expectations. I was given the option to place my order before the kitchen was ready and was assured my food would be the first to come out. It was late so I didn't want something too heavy.  The grilled chicken sounded a little too mild compared to all the other options, but my waitress assured me it was delicious and the best boneless/skinless chicken ever.  It came with two sides and so I ordered the curried cauliflower purée and the beet & goat cheese salad.  I also added the sweet potato plantain mash for good measure. Long story short.  Home run!!!  All were delicious and I proceeded in trying to figure out which was my favorite.  Needless to say I ran out of food before I reached my conclusion. Then just for good measure I thought lets sample desert.  Chocolate cake, berry cobbler or Heath Bar Bread Pudding.  They had me at Heath. Again, another score.  I don't want to get into whether or not it is better than Ms Bernstein's bread pudding down the street at Michy's.  lets just say you should try it for yourself.  It had lots of layered favors and yet never felt overly sweet. I'm very happy that I gave Blue Collar another chance.  I definitely want to head back for lunch to try some other dishes...and it is definitely my new go to place for late night nosh on Fri or Sat.  If you are looking for a quiet dinner for two...then this isn't your best choice.  But if you know going in that its going to be loud you'd be hard pressed to find better food at a reasonable price with great service.
The newest and best excuse to sleep in and miss breakfast! I had been dying to try this restaurant since it opened, but not having it close enough to me justified not having been...until I went. I had been tipped off on the fact that the place gets pretty busy during brunch hours, so I aimed my party of 5 to arrive at 11 am, when they open. Judging a book by its cover, would have you question the quality that might exist in such a small spot, but that all changed once we walked in. It was as if we were warped into a different location, a nice small restaurant with just the perfect decorations, everything themed blue collar; from the punch cards at the entrance, the lunch boxes on the wall, the waiters shirts to the canteen in which the coffee was served, it was all in synch (not n'sync). While I can go on about the decor, it was the food we went for after all, and that was another adventure in its own. We ordered some coffee and orange juice to start, along with Shrimp and Grits, 2 orders of French Toast, 2 orders of pancakes and the Merguez sausage with poached eggs. The Shrimp ans Grits were amazing, the flavor of the Neuske bacon traveled over to the shrimp giving everything on the plate a zest of flavor. The French Toast, according to 3 people at my table were the best they have ever tried; the Banana Foster Sauce is simply out of this world. My fiancé was head over heels with the pancakes, we just went yesterday and she won't stop asking when we'll be back. The Merguez, was perfectly cooked, 2 slices butterflied and had a poached egg on each slice. With everyone wanting to try everything, we had the plates playing musical chairs; our entire table might as well have been a lazy susan. We looked over the menu for lunch and dinner and almost got a second appetite just sitting there reading it out loud. Not only was the food enjoyed at our table, but while looking around, all I saw were smiles; this is a must try for anyone and everyone looking for a new favorite restaurant! I don't know if when they opened, Blue Collar was aiming to replace breakfast, replace lunch, or give you a reason to eat 4 meals a day, but boy have they mastered the brunch!
I was very disappointed in this place. I had high hopes and was let down. It is a very small place and they don't accept reservations. We went one morning for brunch and had to wait over an hour for a table. A little disorganized in that aspect. The service was average. And what really bummed me about this place, the food. Was it bad? No, but it wasn't good. I had the chorizo burrito and it just wasn't what I expected, a little repugnant so I didn't eat much of it. We later got the Mac and cheese since I was still a little hungry and I wish I would've had that since the start ! That is a must have!! I want to give this place a second chance, I hear the pulled pork Benedict is really good.
What is there to say that already has not been said? Was a little worried going on a Saturday evening after hearing how small it was but was seating immediately around 8:30pm. Tried nearly all the appetizers and enjoyed everything. I wish we saved room for dessert because the bread pudding looked amazing.
Honestly i have no idea what the hype is about. We got take out last night and it was just plain awful. Aroncini balls- dense and unflavorful- not to mention i pulled out a massive hair in the middle of one of the balls Curried Cauliflower- Left a retched after taste Fingerling Potatoes- Just fine The Big Ragout Pasta- HUGE PORTION. but just not good-honestly the meat tasted like it was old. GROSS Cheeseburger- prob the only decent thing we got but not enough for us to go back. Final bill- $63.00 I was sooo excited to try Blue Collar and was extremely let down. BOO
Came here on a Thursday during Winter Music Conference weekend to eat with some friends from out of town. Although not a fancy place you'd go to impress with decor and ambience, who gives a $h%t when the food is this delicious and the staff this nice and knowledgeable. Before headed here, my co-worker had told me this is the type of place you go to in your sweatpants so you can just "eat and eat and eat until your belly expands to nine months and you don't have to unbutton anything." I'm sad I wasn't wearing sweatpants that night because everything was just that good. We were going out after so we didn't go too crazy with the menu, but absolutely everything we had was delicious. The tostones with vaca frita: superb! (and I'm Cuban so I would know). The media noche egg rolls: weird combo but hmmm hmmm goodness. The pork and beans: something you'd eat if you were pregnant with triplets and craving something sinful (fried egg on top? Woah boy). And the ragout pasta? The most delicious meal you can eat and then save half for later so you can have at the four a.m. munchies hour. Two enthusiastic thumbs up. Will be returning with my sweat pants ;)
Wooooooooowwwww. Three words: Curry. Cauliflower. Purée. Dayummmm. It was sinfully delicious. The service was excellent. The fruit salad had yummy chunks of mango. I customized the cheeseburger in a way that had the neighbors asking what it was and it rocked! It's somewhat small, but that's how I like my places anyway. Must do!
Fantastic brunch.  We had the breakfast burrito which was pretty standard fair but a little spicy in just the right way.  The duck eggs with duck sausage were incredible, however.  We wrapped up with a super-rich bread pudding which may have been over the top, but was well worth it.  Decent microbrew beer selection and reasonably priced mimosas.  Definitely want to return.
I had read so many great reviews of this restaurant that I had to try it.  My mom, friend, and I went for an early supper.  We got there a few minutes before 6:00 pm, when they opened for supper, so we didn't have to wait.  It did start to fill up a little later. We split the shrimp and grits appetizer.  It was delicious, but the serving size was small, even for an appetizer.  My mom ordered, "super tender hanger steak".  She said it wasn't very tender.  She sent it back and got a salad instead.  My friend got a chicken dish, I think it was one of the daily specials, which she ate but said she wouldn't order it again.  I got the veggie burger which I enjoyed.  We ordered a variety of vegetables that were listed on the chalkboard.  They were good. We shared the bread pudding for dessert.  It was good, but based on the reviews, I expected it to be better. They didn't charge us for the dessert because mom had to send back her steak.  That was nice. The service was good.  I would try this restaurant again because everyone sitting near us seemed to be really enjoying their food.  I'd just order different entrees.
Amazing! There is no other way I could begin this review. I was at Blue Collar on SAT night and had to come back Sunday for Brunch. Everything you've heard and come to expect from Blue Collar is true and more. Located on Biscayne on a small unassuming corner of the Upper Eastside, adjacent to a motel, they give the masses reasons to park blocks away and magnetize toward the waiting line.  The restaurants indoor seating is NY style with small tables , close to each other, but not uncomfortably so. If it were a pound for pound competition, Blue Collar would take the crown. Prepare to wait for a table 15 mins during busy time or so as space is so limited, but the service and everything else quickly reminds you why your here. Blue Collar is one of those places that almost EVERYTHING you order leaves you wanting more, and thinking it was the best thing you've ever tried in your life. The Benedict selection at Blue Collar is a step above the rest. B.C. takes a step away from the traditional to offer up  ridiculously flavorful alternatives like the pulled pork benedict which sits above delicious cornbread. The sandwich selection is interesting and extensive. The Duck McStuffins is savory and a departure from the gamey duck flavor you may expect. If your a grits guy/gal...these aren't just any old grits...these are creamy grits packed with shrimp and bacon! Coffee provided by Panther Coffee is a definite perk, and is provided to you in your own homely thermos adding to the lunch pales secured on the walls above the tables and the overall theme. I personally didn't think the bread pudding was everything it had been hyped up to me as, but tasty nonetheless. All in all I cant say enough about this place. The owners vision and dedication to rolling out what he wants his restaurant to be is apparent and a complete success.
A MAGNIFICENT BRUNCH We only tried the duck mcmuffin and shrimp n' grits but oh my lord I could eat those 2 dishes for the rest of my life. Lets start with this duck masterpiece. It begins with their staple portugese bun, (no idea what the story is but its gooood) then you get duck sausage on top of the bun, then 3 sunny side up duck eggs on top of the sausage, with a heavy drizzle of creamy Kegel inducing duck fat and some other sauce. It is salivation city people. All the grits I have ever had were balnd and unappealing but Blue changed hat for me. Their grits are intoxicatingly heavenly. Thick cuts of special bacon and a BBQ sauce intertwined for a complex savory taste. IT IS A MUST ORDER Will be back to try the lemon ricotta pancakes
Looks like they took a section of the motel (likely where there was a murder, j/k, although there is almost always a murder in motels, anyways) and turned it into a kitchen. Glad they did, the menu looks great. I had the grilled chicken, caramelized Brussels sprouts and a magnificent-didn't-know-existed curried cauliflower purée (this is all I am having next time). Shrimp and grits were great too. I feel like the sprouts and part of the chicken were over salted but I am willing to come back ad try other items on the menu. Their "veg" section is very appealing; I could have just that. Service is good, decor hipster, prices average. About 12 tables, good service.
My sister and I rolled through the often talked about 'Blue Collar' on a Saturday around 2 for a brunch.  At first entering, I noted the place was very small, but we were promptly ushered to a table and I had no problem sharing a small space with a jovial crowd. We got our menus which seemed rather small. I couldn't locate a lot of the items I've seen on yelp that I hmade the journey to the restaurant for.  I looked overhead and saw a chalkboard with lots of mumbled- jumbled things on it.  Being my first visit (with a somewhat pushy waitress who was trying to move us along) I went ahead and ordered the shrimp and grits while my sister had the burger. The shrimps and grits were rather tasty, and the bread pudding is worth the journey alone. Would I go back? Eh. I saw the waitress taking some items I would have preferred to order (but were not listed on the menu to some other customers). I gave it only 3 stars because I felt like I got half of an experience, settled on a item to order, and was rushed in and out without a proper understanding on what could be ordered at the time.
Laid back, good food, and super nice staff. If you live in Miami, you get used to poor service, so this was a nice change. The veg plate gives you plenty of items to from. Will be back to try other menu items!
I've been meaning to write this review for months now. Went to this place a few times before I left Miami. Evidently, I must have discovered this place long before the rest of Miami because there were never lines when I went. Overall, I have to say the Shrimp Po Boy is excellent! I mean, like worth driving there just to have it! But the iced tea, which I find to be a staple almost anywhere I like to eat, wasn't all that great. They would rebrew it and everything but I think you can always tell a tea person by how they make it and whoever makes their tea, is not a tea person. Iceburg Wedge (lots of bacon!) was great  as was the Curried Cauliflower, but I was less impressed with the Philly Cheesesteak. I just don't love the homemade whiz. I think I just don't love any whiz lol. Grilled Mahi was tasty but didn't find the size of the fish to be all that great for an $18 lunch. Just saying.... Coulda, shoulda, woulda been a 4-star if the tea didn't suck so bad. But they did really try to make it better.
The place is located in the least glamorous area in the MIA. It's actually a tiny hole in the wall somehow connected to a very shady motel establishment where I can only assume the most illicit entrepeneural transactions take place in the wee hours of the night. Parking sucks. The walkers on the street are creepy. The inside of the place makes you wish you had a hooded poncho to shield yourself (and your 'do) from the greasy mist that percolates. We decided to melt, I mean, eat outside. Umbrellas are limited. Thank goodness my hubs is strong dude and managed to move an umbrella for me so I didn't melt. It's just not a comfortable spot at all. But let's get to the point... We had coffee which presented itself in a very old school thermos type-a thingy with a cute milk-manish bottle on the side. Adorable. The rust on the lip of the thermos, not so much. I don't love tetanus with my caffeine. My husband ordered BC Breakfast Sandwich - eggs, bacon, latkes. It went back with the quickness due to the inedible amount of grease that leaked on to the plate when he tried to take a bite. The potatoes were also soaked in fat, which was unacceptable. We ended up sharing my Classic Benedict which was also very greasy and my eggs were dangerously undercooked. Again, the potatoes were inedibly oily and left a puddle wherever they touched the plate. Sadness. The lemon ricotta pancakes were also quite greasy but since I was craving them I had a few bites and felt satisfied. They were buttery and crispy but not in a yummy way, in a very guiltfilled, repugnant, call my cardiologist kinda way. I get that the place is all old-school and diner-ish but that is no excuse to make food that makes you feel like sh-t about eating it and feel disgusted with yourself afterwards. If they were to tone down the lard a bit this would've been a kickass meal. It actually pains me to write a crappy review for a place that has such awesome rating, but I have to be honest. I would give it a second chance but I need a new dining companion because my husband wouldn't ever set foot in here again. Any takers?
Big things come in small packages, I think not......clearly Blue Collar is small and unfortunately I can't brag about their food because I didn't even get a table. I came to Blue collar a few days ago, it was last Saturday night to be exact. I arrived at around 8:30p.m. with a party of 5. The hostess to begin was rude and unfriendly and proceed to say that it would be about an hour wait. The hour went by and we have yet to get a table, and no update has been given to us on when the next available table will be.   To my surprise a party of 2 shows up and hugs the hostess and she greets them very kindly. Little did I know that the tables that are now becoming available will be split up so that they can sit the party of two that apparently knows the host. At this point my husband sees a table that is empty inside and tells the host if we can sit there, she said "No, that it is for a table of 4". He then tells her " I will sit there with my party of 5, it's okay we will be fine", she said "No". He asked "Why? is it fire code, that's why?" She says " no, it is because it is for a table of 4." At this point it is already 10pm and no table. The hostess attitude and the 1.5 hour wait was the reason that we just had to walk away and leave. It is unfortunate that I was not able to review this place on their food and beverages due to the lack of customer service they posses.
So my brother kept telling me i have to go check this place out, and due to the fact its so far from my house it took me forever to get there. Boy would i have loved to have gotten my butt there sooner! I have only made it Sundays for brunch, but i feel as though until i try everything in the brunch menu i don't want to move to anything else. First things first, don't go with a group of more than six, and if u do make sure its not raining to sit outside. Keep in mind u will make friends seeing as though u are all within arms distance of each other, but everyone is so fascinated with the place that sharing your experience with your neighbor is inevitable. I tend to always begin my visits by sharing an order of french toast. Picture a mountain of heaven with a banana nut flavored glaze drizzled on top of it with just enough to cover what is necessary but not overabundant so your taste buds don't get smothered. I have been fortunate enough every time we go, to have at least one person  in my group order the pork and beans.....yes i said pork and beans!.....so i always make sure to have a bite or three of that. Its not your regular pork and beans its a plate half way full with pork and beans cooked to a perfect consistency sitting next to home potatoes cut and cooked to perfection not burnt, but crispy and not salty but flavorful, and to the side of all that you have two pieces of what i could swear is home made bread with butter (but even if its not home made I'm going to pretend it is cause that's what it tastes like). As if all of that is not enough to have thought you have reached pure bliss they top it all off with a fried egg ( a lot of people praise the bacon god i have a crush on the fried egg one ;) hehe). The most interesting meal i have had there by far has been the Everything and the bun burger (no i don't know the name cause i just asked Alex, our server,  to get me his favorite meal). I will be posting a picture of it so look threw those but i cant even begin to explain what was it in.  There was definitively a burger bun, a burger patty, pulled pork, and when i say pulled pork its not your average pulled pork, its not sweet yet its got a hint of sweetness, its not dry yet its not drenched in sauce it was the most amazing pulled pork iv ever had and i don't even like pulled pork!  Then there are these little fritters made of what looked like hash brown and again we praise the fried egg god because to top that all off there's a perfectly cooked fried egg (you got it not too well done but not too easy) i chose to sub the fries for a salad (you know to save the extra calories haha) with the most exquisite dressing.  P.S. don't come here on a diet though there are various healthy options you want to try all of it without limitations. I know iv written a novel but i have yet to finish. Dessert is something out of this world, you musn't leave here without trying their bread pudding with cayenne pepper butter, because sweet and salty just isn't the same without a bite of some kind, it just melts in your mouth when you combine the two flavors together (and its not too spicy so people that done like spice still like it). and now i think I'm done in terms of food. The servers are helpful and work as teams so asking someone who didn't take you order for something isn't inappropriate or a big deal. I don't know what else to say other than everyone that was sitting at the restaurant the last time i went (mothers day) was waiting for at least an hour to sit....and people waited.... we know its worth it.... P.s.s. i haven't written a yelp review in over a year and this place was something to tell the world about so there it is world....YOU MUST TRY THIS HIDDEN GEM!
After wanting to come to Blue Collar for a long long time, I finally made the trip!   My friend and I decided to order a bunch of things and split it all... so we had latkes, mac and cheese, grilled chicken, brussel sprouts, sunchokes and bread pudding.  We had our fill and had leftovers to spare! The hands down winner was the mac and cheese.  The appetizer portion was huge, and this dish was really all around sinful.  I had a couple of firsts - latkes and sunchokes, both of which were really delicious and had a sweet component, which I am always a fan of.  I also LOVE brussel sprouts, and the sprouts here was done really well.  The grilled chicken was well seasoned, but pretty average.  The bread pudding was hit and miss - some pieces were better than others, and the whipped cream had what tasted like cayenne pepper, which I didn't enjoy. Overall, I enjoyed our meal here.  The restaurant is REALLY small, so I couldn't imagine coming here during a high traffic time.
I must be the last Miami Yelp Elite to have dined at Blue Collar. We've passed this restaurant on Biscayne Boulevard and finally had the opportunity to drop in for a late weekday lunch. It's been on the list so many times among our foodie friends, but never survived their votes. When we walked in, I was shocked, it's as if you exported one of the popular Design District restaurants to NE 67th and Biscayne. As we arrived, our friendly server said we could sit anywhere we wanted. Then she gave us our Menu on a Clipboard. Everything looked as delicious as the Yelp reviews. I finally settled on the Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwich, foregoing the Fries for the Salad. I then added the Macaroni and Cheese, figuring I would bring the leftovers home for the W. I recollected that the W mentioned to me just this past weekend that we should try Blue Collar (it must have received some recent Media Coverage). Both the Chicken Cordon Bleu and the Mac & Cheese were wonderful.The Mac & Cheese certainly is one of those dishes that I will think of when I drive past NE 67th and Biscayne. My business partner had a Chicken Dish to go with her CrossFit work out diet. It looked delicious! The Chef and Owner of Blue Collar, Daniel Serfer came over to introduce himself.  That was unexpected and certainly appreciated. Serfer was previously at Chef Allen's in Aventura and the executive chef at the Tribeca Grand Hotel in NYC. I had to pass on dessert but will certainly be back to Blue Collar with the W and Friends. There are many more items on the menu I need to try. You park on the side of the Motel at NE 68th Street.
Brandon's Breakfast doesn't come with eggs anymore. Bummer! This was my go-to spot for brunch on a Sunday, and I always enjoyed chowing down on the Brandon's breakfast (pancakes, french toast, fresh fruit, potatoes, bacon/sausage, and 2 eggs) . I guess they realized what an awesome deal it was. That's why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. On a brighter note, I dined here for dinner for the first time, and I tried the oxtail. Be careful if you're ordering it spicy, because it REALLY is! I usually eat my food really really spicy, and when I ordered this dish I even asked for extra spicy sauce on the side as I figured it probably wouldn't be enough. The waitress, however, responded to me, saying " You probably don't want to do that. I'm telling you, this is the real deal."   And let me tell you, she was completely spot on! The dish was DE-LICIOUS and so spicy that i had tears running down my face--actually! That has never happened to me at a restaurant before.  Finally a chef that isn't afraid to put some extra kick into a meal!
I like this place!  I wanted to try everything on the menu but... so little time and not enough room in my stomach.  I'm a huge duck fan and seeing the duck benedict on the menu I had to have it.  Duck was a little tough, but it was good.  I'm coming back to try EVERYTHING...
Blue Collar serves mouth watering, comfort food. Everything seems to be homemade and created daily. For those of you who are new to BC, you may want to note that it's in a motel. So you might have difficulty finding it (should you be too busy illegally texting instead of keeping your eyes on the road). The place is the size of an average living room, so suck in your gut when you walk in the door. It's first come, first seated so you may have to wait a few minutes. There are outside seats with fans.  Out of desperation you might have to sit outside. So just drink a cold beer and try to forget the heat. The food is outstanding. It's great for vegetarians as they have over a dozen vegetable options. Their salads also happen to be tasty. The Big Ragout is a must have, as is the vegetable plate. The thick cut fries are delicious. The mac and cheese is pretty darn good. It's available with bacon or rock shrimp too. Service is friendly and efficient. The beer and wine selection is respectable. Fast all day before dining here. Enjoy
Been going here since day one, when chef Serfer was sweating his butt off in the kitchen. Hands down one of the top places in Miami for a homecooked, stuff your face lunch or dinner. I've had everything on the menu. For brunch get the Brandon (you'll thank me later), for lunch get the burger,  for dinner get the mac n cheese appetizer and ANY Entree,  must have dessert and coffee.
Love the poached eggs with pulled pork on a muffin , go there starving ! Brought my french bulldog who waited patiently for soothing to drop off the table! Now that I'm thinking about this dish I'm getting hungry !,
Honestly, I feel pretty awful giving Blue Collar 3 stars. To say I was extremely excited about eating here would be an understatement. My mom wanted to treat me to a birthday meal and I immediatly suggested Blue Collar since it's been on my radar for sometime. We went for lunch because I was dying to try one of the sandwiches they only offer at lunch time. The place is much smaller than I thought it would be. I counted and it only fits about 25-30 people. We settled into our seats and were prepared to have an amazing meal. Unfortunately, Blue Collar fell a bit short. Since I heard rave reviews about the mac and cheese, and being a mac and cheese aficionado, my mom and I decided that we must have it. The mac and cheese was served to us pipping hot and looking mighty delicious. But, once I dug the serving spoon into it, I noticed that the cheese was very watery, too watery for my taste. I was pretty disappointed but decided to just keep a positive outlook and I hoped my actual meal would be great. For my main meal I got the Philly cheesesteak and my mom got the veg plate. The Philly cheesesteak was pretty good. What makes it special is that they cheese they give you is the same cheese from the mac and cheese. Since I wasn't a huge fan of the cheese to begin with, it didn't help the cheesesteak win any points for me. On my moms veg plate she got the cheese grits, sweet potato mash, brussel sprouts, and beets with goat cheese. She told me she enjoyed her plate but the brussel sprouts were burned and inedible. She also thought the meal wasn't filling enough. If there was just going to be vegetables on her plate, there better be a plethora of food to fill her up. Blue Collar was good food, it just wasn't great. I would definitely give Blue Collar another chance, and I plan on visiting again. I'm thinking maybe they were just having an off day when I was there.
Blue Collar immediately feels like a yelp-lover dynasty. As you open the door, they ask for you to wait outside in somewhat of a brash manner. Granted, it's a small establishment and a herd of people waiting to sit down would be annoying to anyone dining. The menu is organized pretty well ranging from eggy things to sweet things. We ordered the Mac, the pulled pork Benedict, and the duck mcmuffin. I highly recommend the pulled pork, had my doubts but WOW. While I was there, I happened to sit next to two men. One ordered a breakfast, the other ordered a cheeseburger. The man sent back his cheeseburger once, and then the second time complained that it wasn't cooked to his liking. The customer expressed he would just eat the fries and the manager could charge him the side order of fries. I was absolutely shocked that with complete unsatisfactory of the customer, the manager agreed. The customer got the check and was shocked he was actually charged the side order of fries. Overall, the manager could have offered a 50% discount off the next bill to get the customer back in the door since it was clear he wouldn't be returning. Side note to all managers: people notice this stuff even if it isn't affecting their table. People expect proper and "above average" service when dining at such a renowned NEW restaurant.  I'll give the food 5 stars, and the service a 2.
I'm in love with this place!  I went for brunch 2 weeks ago and had their AMAZING lemon ricotta pancakes with a side of bacon (drool!).  I usually never finish a plate of pancakes but not this time!  I ate every single bite!  Three fluffy delicious pancakes...mmm mmm mmm!  Even their coffee was amazing!  You know what else made this a great experience?  The staff!  Everyone was extremely friendly and treated you like you were the only one there!  I can't wait to go back soon!
I have yet to be disappointed by this place! I first came here in January for brunch. My mother ordered this huge plate of food, which was all delicious. I had the plate with lamb sausage....and I still wish I had some of it in front of me right now. I came back for my birthday brunch. It was around 12 on a Sunday and we were sat at the bar. Service was on pount! This time my mom had the french toast with a side of bacon and I had something with duck bacon. All else is irrelevant after duck bacon. Order it when you see it. I'm serious! Oh and yeah, the bread pudding...it's as good (stuff your mouth to the point you can't chew kinda good) as everyone says.
I'm SO glad I finally made it out to this little gem!  Don't be turned off by the kinda funky location (the restaurant is seemingly part of a seedy motel)-- The food and service definitely make up for the locale!   Our group of 3 arrived around 8:30 p.m. on a Saturday night and there wasn't a table available (this place is pretty small), but we decided to sit at the small bar where we eventually ordered and ate as well. Here are the highlights: -$25 bottle of cava.....yes, please!!! -Vegetable plate with 4 selections from the veggie chalkboard.....SOOOO good!!!  I had the roasted artichoke hearts, brussell sprouts, mango chow and bok choy....all were so fresh and flavorful, like a vegetable party in my mouth!  (yes, vegetarians are weird like that).  Many restaurants fall short on their veggie dishes, but not Blue Collar.   -My husband and friend both had "meat and potato" dishes-- Brisket and steak, I believe.  The brisket looked like a classic American dish and my husband gobbled up every bite.  Both really enjoyed the steak dish, too! -The chef brought us some complimentary croquettes with some type of fruit jam....YUMMMM!!! -Our servers were incredibly friendly and just very fun and pleasant overall.  They gladly answered our "first timer" questions and helped us pick out a few things from the menu.   -The chef....besides making really great food, he just seems like a super cool, friendly guy!  It's rare to find a restaurant in Miami where the chef actually takes the time to greet customers and chat with them.  KUDOS to the chef for that! I was beginning to believe that sh!tty service and mediocre, copy-cat food was just the norm in Miami.  Thank you, Blue Collar, for bringing this city something exceptional!
