I love this place. Excellent service, excellent food, smoothies, and juices. I love it all. I come here almost everyday. It's a hidden gem among all the craziness in south beach. I don't feel like I'm in Miami when I come here. It's got a west coast vibe and I love it. I highly recommend their açai bowls, the hulk smoothie, choco loco if you're looking for something chocolate and healthy, the happy buddah is delicious juice. For lunch I totally recommend the veggie melt. Yummy! Sometimes they have random free fruits from local farms. Healthy, vegetarian, vegan, tasty, flavorful.
We love the vibration of The Mango Tree.   God bless you and your friends and family. Alejandra & Shane Molinaro MiamiMassageTherapy.com Specializing in neck, back & hip pain relief.
THE BEST ACAI BOWL IN SOUTH BEACH. Not kidding I tried 6 different bowls in SB and this one was by farrr the tastiest cheapest and fully loaded Amazing prices way worth the wait
This is my third time here and it looks like this amazing oasis has become my go to smoothie/breakfast place! The staff is very friendly, the food is delicious and the whole place radiates happiness and relaxation! Don't worry, be happy!
First place I went on my first trip to Miami. The acai bowls are amazing and affordable, and the service is super friendly. A cute spot with a great chill vibe right by the beach. If youre in south beach and looking for organic juice/smoothie/acai bowls, this is the perfect spot.
Such a cute little shop! My husband and I each got a smoothie and acai bowl, and holy moly... DELICIOUS!!! Whenever we make a trip back to Miami, we will definitely make a stop back :)
Intelligent staff who are friendly. You can call ahead and they'll have your order waiting for you. Delicious fresh ingredients. You really can't go wrong with this place! It's a little out of my way from where I work but totally worth it!
Best Acai bowl hands down! Under the Mango Tree is welcoming and as soon as you step through the door you feel a sense of positivity and relaxation. It was my first time here but definitely not my last.
LOVE this place!! I go with my kids very often. They love the Marley Smoothie, delicious and healthy for them.  We've had the Veggie melt, Most Smoothies, Acai Bowl, and the Dessert Cakes all are great!! I swear by their Ginger Shot when I'm not feeling well. Not only are their products amazing, but the girls that work there are all wonderful, warm and welcoming. No snotty South Beach attitude here.
Great times here. A must visit whenever I am in Miami!
This is a super belated review and also redundant as I add to the list of well deserved, fantastic reviews. Something I look forward to is my weekly Mango Tree visit. I hop on my bike, ride over and order a delicious LouLou (I named it). That's a lip smacking tasty blend of bananas, strawberries and acai berries. Sometimes I'll get a yummy veggie sammich...I take my stuff, sit on the steps and just chillllllll. The staff at Mango Tree are always friendly, helpful and just pleasant. It's such a refreshing break from the lame, often clueless and moronic service you become accustomed to when you live on the beach. There are great items to peruse and purchase and often I'll grab a sample farm fresh veggies which are also often available to purchase. And not for nothing, hang around on the porch long enough...delicious looking customers are always hanging around. Will go quite nicely with your smoothie and sammich!
A hidden gem and a refreshing break from a beach full of pizza, burgers and imitation smoothie shops. While in Miami, we walked 9 blocks to sample their Acai bowls and other healthy treats.
What I've had (so far): Local & Marley & chocolate loco Local is a sweet drink from the fruit with almond milk and the Marley is a beautiful creamy drink worth trying. Choco loco is just like a chocolate banana shake. Remember, all these drinks are organic, so they don't use sugar, they use agave, no powder, the chocolate is raw organic cacao. Opinion: I want to come here everyday. You're going to be paying standard prices for smoothie drinks, around 6-8 dollars depending on size but it's the same everywhere else except this place is no fast food kinda franchise place. Try a shake, you won't be disappointed if you are around town!
I absolutely recommend this place to atone looking for fresh & healthy.  My favorites are the Super Food Bowl(Acai based). Pure Green veggie smoothies, and a must is their veggie melt sandwich. Combined with friendly & helpful staff. What a great vibe!
If you go, and you should, order a veggie melt and a sweet milk. After you take your first bite of the veggie melt, you will look down at the sandwich in amazement and wonder if one veggie melt is enough to satisfy your newfound craving for Under the Mango Tree. Trust that it will be enough but you will soon find yourself planning all your errands around the area to make sure you can get your Under the Mango Tree fix. If you're lucky, you may find some desserts placed at the front counter. Get a slice, especially if it's the banana bread/cake. Holy smokes, everything they make is so delicious! Do not come here if you're in a rush because they put their love into every smoothie and melt they make so it can take more time than usual to get your order. If you are pressed for time, do call ahead and place your order for pick up. The spot is also pet friendly!
yummy and nutritious options! i got choco loco and he got the marley w spirulina. both so yum!
I love this place. The prices are realistic and they also do recycle and are much more sustainable than other businesses here in South Beach. My favorite thing is the Veggie Melt. So good! MDRealtyMiami.com
Decided to check out this place based on all the great yelp reviews. I love little smoothie places like this! It makes me sad that I can't seem to find one in Boston. I got The Marley which was delicious and filling. I am hoping I can recreate this recipe at home and if not I will definitely be back if I find myself back in Miami
The best smoothy on South Beach. Definitely worth the money. Great ACAI bowls and Desserts. Good for kids
~~~Love is in the air!~~~ One day I saw both Ingrid R & Joseluis A check-in to Under the Mango Tree. After I yelped the business my interest peaked as I realized it was a vegetarian smoothie & juice cafe. Being Under the Mango Tree is located in South Beach, I was kind of concerned with what kind of people I was going to encounter who worked there. On one hand you have the matted haired unhealthy looking hippy who takes 20 minute's to check-out someone with two items at the cash register. He/she will also babble non-stop with anyone who will listen about the $1000.00 mantra he/she bought from some psycho guru at a quasi-spiritual retreat. bit.ly/MdQbfy On the other hand you have the "angry miserable bunch" known as Vegans. A Vegan will greet you with a frown that would make the Christmas Grinch proud. As Anthony Bourdain said "Vegetarians, and their Hezbollah-like splinter-faction, the Vegans, are a persistent irritant to any chef worth a damn." Luckily I didn't encounter either of these two, but I was welcomed by three beautiful  super friendly South American lady's Lissette, Patti (owner)and I don't remember the third ones name. All three of them were radiating Love Love Love. As Johnny T stated " Just being near her(Patti) was calming." Which is totally true, I sensed the same energy about Patti. The whole cafe is radiating with incredibly good energy! I've frequented Under the Mango Tree three times so far and each time I was greeted with a joyful smile with an eagerness to serve. The location is in a residential complex converted into commercial property. You can easily miss this place if you are not keen of the eye. The interior resembles a comfortable living room space with varying seats. Once you sit down and get comfy, you probably won't want to leave. Especially if you  strike up convo or pick up one of the many interesting not-for-sale books they have to read. They sell all kinds of interesting things like Oils, natural hand made soaps, incense, Buddha statues, incense, incense holders, novelties, hippy clothes, candles, Boho bags etc. bit.ly/1eU9pjN bit.ly/1eU9EeD bit.ly/1eU9TWY What I also love about this place other than those nubile maidens who work here  is approximately 80% of their produce they source is organic. They have a host of smoothies, juices, baked goods, coffee & shots. They also have a couple of  hot foods & bowls. bit.ly/1eUbv32 bit.ly/1eUbwnN I've tried both the 16oz  high & happy buddha juice's $5.00 each. Both were really refreshing & delicious, I really enjoyed them. STAR Rating 4.5 I also had the Veggie melt on wheat bread, which was fresh, gooey with cheese and pleasant to the palate. STAR  Rating 4.5 bit.ly/1eUdzIs Interestingly Patti also has a mini market in a back room selling locally produced organic fruits and veggies. bit.ly/1eUdYuq bit.ly/1eUe1GI bit.ly/1eUe70O bit.ly/1eUeaK0 bit.ly/1eUefgP I love supporting these kind of modest health conscious small businesses. If I lived in South Beach I would be here almost everyday getting a smoothie or juice. I'm definitely going to try and come here every time I pass through South Beach. Is it possible to be in love with three women at the same time, that you've only seen once or twice? I think it is! TIPS: -take advantage of the yelp check-in special -prices are very reasonable for South Beach area, actually they are reasonable for the whole Tri-County area -there is metered street parking available -there is also a metered parking lot on the west side Meridian ave just north of 6th street. Its no more than a 2 minute walk from the cafe.
GET THE MARLEY (s=$5 L-$7) AND VEGGIE MELT ($5)!!!! if you add cacao to the marley it adds a little touch of chocolate oooo AND it has nutritional value i guess lol the mango tree smoothie was really refreshing and delicious as well. the pure green is really.. green? lol but i felt so good and cleansed after having it but i noticed that alot of people ordered the iron man and happy buddah.. i'll have to check that out for myself next time. my homie Koki brought me here and ordered the acai bowl with avocado.. ITS WEIRD BUT IT WORKS or else add something to make it look pretty. IF YOU SEE BAKED GOODS GRAB AS MANY AS YOU CAN CAUSE THEY RUN OUT QUICK!!!!!!!!!! i tried the zucchini bread and it was so moist and perrrrrrfect. everytime i went the banana bread sold out so HEATH MY WARNING. kirsten is the BEST! she's took care of me and my friends so well whenever i ordered the entire menu and slaved her away. so friendly and all the locals love this place the prices are unbeatable for healthy eats and all the produce are organic and locally grown as well. the next time i come back to south beach, this will be the first place i hit up for sure!!!!
I treat myself almost everyday to treat myself to the traditional açai bowl. It fills me up without that over stuffed feeling. An açai bowl is perfect for after workouts as well as any other time of the day. There's simply no regrets when eating an açai bowl! Plus the owner is the coolest and it's definitely portrayed in the shop. So going there just to vibe is such a nice getaway from the stereotype south beach crowd. I love this place! They even sell handmade candles and skin products! You're the best Patty!
This is a great little place! I absolutely love their superfood Acai bowl and my husband really likes the veggie melt. The staff is very sweet and you can order ahead if you're in a rush. Everything is made with love and while it's a very small space the vibe is very relaxing. Enjoy!!
In the vegan food desert of Miami Beach, Under the Mango Tree is a small and delightful oasis. The bowls, sandwiches and juices are outstanding. All ingredients are fresh and everything is prepared on the spot. Perhaps the best place for vegans in Miami.
My husband and I came here for first time and we loved it!! The food was made with love. All healthy options AND it was delicious. We are vegetarian so looking at the menu was a breeze. The veggie melt sandwich was very good and it was perfect with the mango smoothie. Will definitely come back to this one spot.
What's not to love. Fresh, delicious, and fast. So glad I found this place! The juices are amazing and the prices are even better. Most is south beach is pretentious and expensive and this place is just the opposite of that. Under the mango tree I shall be for many more lunches!
This is a cute place that's apparently great for juices, smoothies and acai bowls.  It's very unique with a small market for healthy food items, some decor and these affordable bags that I loved. Almost reminded me of the many small shops in Austin.  Anyhow, it was a hot afternoon and we were looking for something cold and caffeinated.  Yelp has this listed as a coffee shop so we were excited to try it, but it's really not a coffee shop.  I'm sure that the smoothies and acai bowls are awesome and I look forward to trying them on our next visit.  However, they are not equipped to make the kind of coffee beverages we were looking for.  The drinks were only as good as the ones I make at home, but with the added cost.  I believe there were only 2 or 3 options on the menu?  So, if you're like us and Yelp sends you here for coffee, don't expect a coffee shop.  Like I said before, we look forward to returning for one of their specialties and updating our review then.
It is a really cool place. You can barely tell it is a smoothie bar from outside. I have really high expectation coming to the place as it gets the best yelp reviews when you search smoothie or juice in Miami beach area. The inside is nice and very organic and green feeling. The owner is very nice and friendly, trying all she can to make you feel welcomed. They have small taste cups of their smoothies and juices. I ordered Under the mango tree, which seems to be their signature drink as it is the same name as the place. It is definitely not as good as what a signature drink should be. The flavor is a bit watery, and it is not really well blended. HOWEVER, one drink I get from their taste cup- the Marley is unbelievably good, if you are into peanut butter. Will definitely go back, but try something else.
My Chocolate bowl was a divine experience.  The atmosphere and presence in the space was so calming.  The staff was superb.  They were working vigorously but made it seem effortless and personalized. Can't wait to go back!
Best local business I seen in my 30 years in South Beach. Patty is great, sweet and you can just come in and hang out as if it was your own living room. Don't even get me started on those tasty smoothies....you can feel they are made with love and care :) There is no way you walk in there and do not leave buying something. We need more businesses like this one
Where has this place been all my life? I went there today for the first time, and what a great experience. The location is tiny, but there is something so comfortable about this spot. I felt like I was walking into someone's house. I ordered an Iron Man. Let me tell you...I have been to several juice spots in the Miami Beach,Wynwood, and Downtown area, and this was the best juice I have had. Additionally, it was affordable, and that is pretty rare in Sobe. Needless, to say, I will definitely be back (probably tomorrow) :)
This is my absolute favorite place on south beach. I really have to thank Sean M. for checking out this place, I would have never known about it otherwise. Very easy to miss, its behind main 5th street in between publix and Cvs, in a yellow cluster of small businesses. Once you have the easy pineapple smoothie you will think if this is what healthy taste like why have I been fighting it for so long? It's a small adorable, amazingly delicious shop mostly sells organic fresh made smoothies and juices. They also sell one sandwich which I am dying to try, its mozzarella, spinach, tomato warmly pressed on wheat bread. I am one of the very few people whom prefer veggies over fruit. I am really not much of a sweet tooth and would pick something tart any day, my partner in crime ordered the acai bowl and when I saw it it was the prettiest colorful parfait thing I have ever seen I had to try it the next time I went. When I did I scarfed down the whole thing. It has organic granola, raw gorgeous acai, bananas and strawberries with coconut shavings all around the top. Absolutely delicious and filling, your body will be happy you will feel good and healthy and 100% satisfied. every time i have gone inside someone is always ordering the Marley smoothie, it has peanut butter, kale/spinach strawberries and other stuff it must be good because i think it is their best selling smoothie. they also sell incense like nag champas, candles and sage sticks as well as a little room selling local, organic produce. If you are in a rush do not come here (or try calling ahead). one of the reasons its so good is because its made to order and its usually 2 girls behind the counter making one smoothie at a time. But it is def. worth it. if you read my reviews you know i dont give away my 5 stars, but under the Mango tree is def. worthy  of it. Try it and u will c.
I was so happy to find this place. I've never had an acai bowl before and the one I had here was delicious. It makes a great light lunch. My favorite smoothie is the Marley with Cacao Nibs. You get a good serving of veggies without even realizing it. I am here in South Beach for a couple of months and try to come a few times a week. Sofia always greets me by name which gives me that "I'm not just a tourist" feel that I love. Come take care of your body and heart here!
how much i love this place. not only do you get awesome juices and smoothies but the vibe and energy that surrounds this place is amazing. under the mango tree is open 7 days a week and everyone that works here is adorable. you can sip on your smoothie while you chat with whomever is behind the counter and even other customers. or if you dont feel like talking, there  are some books around the shop, interesting ones, eclectic topics, nutrition, yoga, the mirabal sisters, art... everything they sell at under the mango tree is awesome, you need veggies? they also have those for sale. local farms! so you dont have much time to wait for your order? call them ahead of time and they will have it ready for you when you get there, mr im-soooo-busy. whats the rush bro? where you going in such hurry? cojelo con take-it-easy. i will say it again, i love under the mango tree! so lucky to live near by, unlike the duke, who drives 100 miles a day to get there. hey its cool, he works for chevron.
The marley smoothie was soooo yums! They have a small produce market but to my dismay it was closed when I went on Monday. However, I will definitely go back and try more items on the menu!
With all of the madness that tends to be life on (in?) South Beach, it's good to know that shops like Under The Mango Tree exist. If you're not immediately calmed by the pleasant incense, good vibes and incredibly sweet owner, there may not be any hope for you. Passing by the storefront many times, I made note of the stretch of 6th street shops, but never really felt compelled to enter. After one particularly annoying/frustrating day, however, the good energy of UtMT called out to me and I heeded it. And that was some good medicine. Patti (the owner) sensed the dark cloud around me and asked some very insightful questions -- as she smiled and told me to look around the store. Just being near her was calming. I guess there's something to the power of incense, crystals and the like. Mood improving, I sought to keep the party going with a fresh fruit juice. It may not be easy being green, but it's certainly tasty. I ordered a Pure Green Juice. Unlike some other, hipsterish juice places, this concoction was made fresh and right in front of me. Patti combined kale, ginger, orange, apple, celery, and cucumber to make a frothy verdant beverage to heal my body and soul. The juice was refreshing, as was the company and energy of the store. Who knew that for a pick-me-up, one had to go under a mango tree? I'm glad I found out.
Tried the iron man (beets, lime, mango and orange) and it was delicious and refreshing! Service was excellent, the staff was helpful, cheery and accommodating.  Loved the ambiance and also the fact that they carry Oakland's Numi tea.
This is my favorite juice bar in the world! Not only is the service impeccable, but the decor is very quaint and inviting. They offer not only the freshest in juices and smoothies, but also small vegetarian/vegan meals, hand-made bags and crafts, in addition to running a small local co-op. This is the ONLY place I buy my fruits & veggies in South Beach--you truly can taste the difference! Their selection of books and games scattered about to use as you wait is also a big plus :)!
Marley smoothie was excellent! Veggie melt was great, too. And even better was the laid back local vibe. A wonderful place.
Great little spot...stopped in on the way back from the beach and enjoyed the Acai Marley bowl and the Acai cacao bowl....super friendly staff, place has a great vibe.....a true gem in the heart of South Beach
The perfect antidote to the touts, crowds and pace of Ocean Drive. Fresh juices made slow. Real slow. But with a nice mellow vibe, plenty of reading material, and a revolving cast of chilled out characters, it's as much a place to draw breath and recharge as it is to grab a juice or a sweet snack.
Great service and prices at this little hidden gem, one of the few places in the beach that sells local Florida honey.
A Vegan delight! Awesome healthy smoothies! I love this place! Little pricey but they are good tasty drinks!
Tiny oasis with a great selection of organic smoothies and fragrant teas. A must stop for regenerative drinks as you walk around south beach on a hot day.
Such a cool spot. Great fruit and veg smoothies. Mango and strawberry is very tasty and filling. Nice niknaks and incense plus a book swap perfect for picking up a read for the beach.
Went to Miami for the Xmas and came across this cute little store in Miami beach. The fruit smoothies there tasted amazingly natural and fresh. The owner was very nice and offered us a little 'Yelp Discount' for the pineapple and 'local' smoothies we ordered. My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed this little local experience in an area that's inflated with plastic tourism.
Although there are many smoothie shops, this place satisfied me. The unique combinations of ingredients make you feel energized for the day as it is all natural. If I lived in the area I would come here more often. The paninis are also great to try. Come in for a refreshing start to your day.
I had a beet+lime amazing juice here! Ok... If you don't feel like having a DELICIOUS and fresh juice/smoothie... Or having a vegan homemade carrot cake... Or not even buying beautiful candles, earrings, bracelets, necklaces... Organic ingredients... Ok... *Just go there* to visit and spend some minutes in this cute, warm and welcoming small store! P.s.: The owner welcomes you with a huge smile :)
I am in town on business, but I wanted to try something local for breakfast. I stopped by this little shop and was blown away by their friendliness and their cute little store. I ordered a green juice, but they gave me a sample of their Marley-- OH WOW! Guess I know what to order next time. I also bought some great smelling soy candles and a small little scarf- great prices and really cute. I would highly recommend!
had a beet juice (iron man?) and the green one with ginger. (forgot the name) only problem... The store is branded to be organic and natural... with a holistic feel to it. I asked the lady if all veggies and fruits were organic...   She informed me it was not all organic...  which I think defeats the purpose of going to an ORGANIC JUICE BAR!!!! In my green juice... out of lets say... 6 ingredients... I believe she informed me that half the ingredients were non organic... hmmmmm.... This place would be 5stars+ if they stuck to using allllll ORGANIC VEGGIES AND FRUITS!!!
We got some awesome homemade soy candle, smoothie and the carrot cake.  Love the smoothie with flaxseeds and ginger!  Patti is so cute and after learned that we are visiting, she gave us some restaurant recommendations.  Hope we will make it back to get some more gifts!
I have been going here for 3 years and I love   The smoothies and the homemade fresh carrot cake. It's a nice locals place. I tend to go before work and I enjoy the personalized service.
How cool is this place?  I say very cool.  I like to have raw honey in my oatmeal, and this place has the best.  Their smoothies are also very tasty.  It's off the beaten path a bit, but definitely worth stopping into.  Also, the woman who works here (owner?) has got to be the nicest person living on planet Earth.  It's a pleasure to give this place my business.
The best smoothie I had for so long. I ordered the Easy Pineapple and the nice girl behind the counter made it perfectly. And the decor inside was right up my alley. I felt so relaxed and calm in there. And you will always get me if you got some roots reggae in the speakers. I was home. I wish I could get another one now. Definitely five stars in my book.
If you're in the area, and enjoy healthy & delicious drinks & snacks made with love, you gotta stop by this place.  A little oasis of positivity and health!
The juices/smoothies are delicious and she gave us a cake to try and it was amazing! The owner is incredibly sweet and has very cute accessories from Peru for purchase in her store.  Will definitely go back! yum! She even makes her own almond milk.
I had the quench smoothie. Amazing! :) next time I will try it with some lime juice like she told me. Very cool zen feel to this cute spot. Always good to pass on through and grab a smoothie while on your way to the beach for some sun. :)
I LOVE this place. I order the Mango Tree smoothie everytime I go. Aside from loving the smoothie, the place has a very nice, friendly vibe. The owner is very nice!
Wow, what a beautiful oasis!  We were able to customize our smoothy, and enjoyed browsing at the interesting items for sale.  Lovely energy from the owner who shared with us some of her fav places in Miami. Worth the trip if you are ever in the area!
Nice little place. Friendly lady behind counter, filling in for owner.  All natural fresh smoothie. Great fragrance candles bought a couple for a gift.
I was a fan of this business until now. I had done a 9 day juicing before and everything taste great. However, I just now completed a 3 day juicing and it was not the same. The milk #5 smelled and tasted sour. In addition, I find it very UN-ethical how her prices for the cleansing went up if her large juices in her shop still cost $7 per juice. If you do the cleansing you will be paying $9 dollars per juice. Trust me ,I do not mind paying especially if they are fresh juices but when they do not taste right then we have a problem. I highly do not recommend anyone doing a cleansing especially considering they do not make the juices in front of you.They have lost a loyal customer. FYI: The owner has the audacity to ask me if I had refrigerate the milk after I went to pick it up.
What a cool, relaxing haven! Loving my fruit smoothie as I look at all the neat local wares in a cutely decorated shop. Will definitely return again and again.
I wish this place was near my home in Cali!!! The owner is so kind and friendly! I wanted to go back there again but ran out of time. If you are in the area you HAVE to go try the smoothies! We tried a few different ones and I'd have to say the Hulk smoothie with ginger was the best. Mmm mmm so delicious!
Anyone in need of a warm welcoming smile, great hospitality, and amazing smoothies and juices, needs to visit Under the Mango Tree. The owner, Patti, is truly a kind-hearted woman and loves what she does very much. Her shop holds different hand made items such as soaps, jewelry, honey, and anything her creativity is guiding her toward that day. There is always a new surprise everytime you walk in but you can always count on a delicious smoothie or juice and some home made carrot cake. Whether you just want to go in and look around while talking to a friendly local, or need a thoughtful gift to buy, Under the Mango Tree is the place to be. Not many people know about this hidden gem, but once you walk on 6th street, the music, incense and abundance of plants and colors outside the store will attract you in. After a 2 hr session of yoga at Miami Life Center, I can always count on Patti to hydrate me back up in the healthiest way possible. She is one of the most inspiring people I know, and loves life to the fullest.
Just found out this place has been hiding south if fifth for more than 2 years! What?! Can't believe I ve missed out for so long. What an adorable shop, great setup vibe, prices, menu everything! No more 12 dollar acai bowls from pura vida! My business belongs to under the mango tree now ;)
What a cute little place we stumbled on.  Patty was very friendly and made me one of the best mango smoothies I ever had.  I bought a few great things made by some locals like a scented soy candle and the raw elements sunscreen.  My wife and i go back whenever we are out and about and grab a juice and smoothie.  They're the best in town!
