Stumbling along the lonely streets of downtown Miami I found this hidden gem. This appears to be like every other hole in the wall, but it is far away from the truth. This place, for Miami standards, is craft beer heaven and they usually have a $3 special. For Miami that is a steal. Now, let me get to the burgers... This is what truly makes the Filling Station leaps ahead of the competition.  The burgers each have their own flair. You like Peanut Butter, there is a burger for you. You like peppered bacon, there is a burger for you. You like 9 burgers all in the same burger, there is even a burger for you. Thus, if you are going to grab a burger and beer in Miami. Skip the other "Burger and Beer Joint" located in downtown, and go to the Filling Station to get the real deal.
The beers on tap are all interesting, delicious, and for the most part, new to me. There is none of the typical American domestic fare! If you have trouble choosing, I recommend, starting on one end, and working your way down. That's what I have done. Then, there is the tater tots. These are not what you remember from grade school lunches. They're even better! Combine them with perfectly cooked burger (Their medium-rare is actually medium-rare!), and you have a great night.
Good place to stop in. Excellent choice of sandwiches, quality beers, music and a killer desert! Glad I tried it. I had the "Twisted Sister" pulled pork sandwich with buffalo sauce + blue cheese. Good service too. I'll return.
Great hamburgers for a great price - I had the hamburger with the pork on top and was quite impressed. Not the healthiest sandwich around (nice and juicy) and certainly not a fancy place - but definitely quality food with a decent selection of beers on tap.
I'm gonna go ahead and give this place 2 extra stars bc I just freakin LOVE their burgers!!!!!  The service is still a bit slow, but they have some of the most inventive burger flavor combinations ever. The divey feel.  The sports on every tv. The awesome beer selection. I just love this place. BEST BURGERS IN MIAMI!!!
great dive bars, great burgers.
So good. Leave fat and happy every single time.  Great food, great beer selection, and great service, especially from the girl with the sweet Salvador Dali elephant tattoo, I didn't get her name but she was dead on with suggesting different beers we would like. Speed racer and sweet potato fries--yum. Definitely one of my Miami favorites.
I've been to the filling station many a time and its never a disappointment. A much better place than that double b place. The burgers are good sized and they have a great selection of different styles of burgers. Some seem a little strange but who wants the same old burger all the time. They also serve tots!  The service is great and their beer selection is superb (they have a beer club of sorts). Late night is also a good time to go check out new beers and that snack to soak up the night. It seems that the other burger place of which I earlier spoke of is shrinking their burgers as well as beer list. I would highly recommend this great place and as it has been with us for quite awhile now and with the cleanup of the downtown area hopefully the filling station will continue to fill our bellies with great burgers and beer.
Been coming here for the past three years and never disappoints! Everyone knows everyone, the food is great, service is awesome, and they have awesome selections of beer. Great happy hours! The tater tots are the bomb! All their sandwiches are delissshhh!
the filling station is awesome. why? because they carry lots and lots of crafty beers. because the food is delicious and their menu is filled with awesome creations. because its laid back. because they have every sauce you could think of. because the service is always awesome... ive already said too much. what are you waiting for? filling station. do it.
This was my first time here and a friend and I happened upon it. The place has a cool and relaxed vibe that is unpretentious. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The place is a classic dive bar and I say that in a good way. They have an admirable selection of beer on tap and in cans and bottles.  We had already eaten but I wanted to try at least the chili. They have two types, a spicy pork and a traditional beef. I tried the beef and it was tasty with cheese and onions. I wish it would have had more beef, but like I said, the taste was good. I saw other patrons eating the burgers and they looked very good. So, next time I go there I will be having one of the burgers. I def recommend this place if you just want to chill out and relax and not worry about all the fake people in Miami,
This awesome little hole in the wall would be more at home in some random college town.  You really wouldn't expect to find such a laid back, cozy place smack in the middle of downtown Miami.  Part sports bar, part burger joint, the Filing Station is just a really unpretentious place with fantastic food.  Their hit seems to be the burger topped with pulled pork, which is excellent, but I prefer the one with peanut butter.  I once took a swing at their nutella burger, but its intensity got to me about halfway through.  The Burgers are served with some really tasty tater tots, something I probably last ate in my middle school cafeteria, so more points for nostalgia.  I'd definitely suggest coming here for a late lunch or early dinner, as they can get some pretty steady lunch rushes.  Service is always unbeatable, very friendly and down to earth.  It's a pleasure to have these guys in the neighborhood.
This place never lets me down. The food is gluttonous and the service can't be beat.  Check out their theme nights like trivia etc.
i've been going to the filling station forever and feel like an asshole for never writing a  review. this is one of the few places where i feel totally at home. food is great, more options than you'll know what to do with. always an amazing beer selection, not the biggest selection but there's no filler, all quality and well balanced. the most important is the staff, the make the place what it is. if you're into good food, beer, or just haven't been here yet, you're missing out. get up and get your happy ass over to the filling station.
This place is just so amazing!!! The vibe is just great in here and the music is always on point. They have a great beer selection and the food is really great. To top it all off the service is beyond amazing, all the severs do there best to make sure your right at home.
I came here with a friend a few nights before moving back up to Chicago, and it was definitely a great going-away meal. I had Steve's "Respect" Mobile and it was fantastic, as were the tots. I'd love to/will come back the next time I'm in Miami.
Don't get me wrong I love a good burger, but it takes a special occasion for me to feel like I really deserve to truly indulge in something so juicy, greasy, and well, caloric. So when that time does come around, you can bet I am going to celebrate it somewhere that's worth it. For me, that place can certainly be The Filling Station. The Filling Station has been on my radar for awhile but its location isn't too convenient. Thankfully, a holiday party around the corner gave me the excuse to stop by this past week. For better or for worse, we certainly stuffed ourselves almost to the point of discomfort but boy, was it worth it. I went for the simple but juicy and delicious Caddy Burger but got a bite of the Steve's "Respect" Mobile burger along with the sweet potato fries and tater tots. Coupled with a local beer? I was more than content. Service was quick and friendly. The place has that worn-in feel you want from a casual burger join. I think I will now come out of my way to return... Especially for some trivia!
Once upon a time I searched "best burgers in Miami" on Yelp. The result? The Filling Station and Garage Bar. When I came here initially with my friend, I tried the Hamborghini, he tried the Peanut Butter burger. Needless to say, not only were these the best burgers in Miami, they were the best burgers I have ever had in my life. Since then, we've come back with more and more friends and I have tried the Hamborghini, Nutella burger (a stretch, but an incredible burger), pulled pork burger, and the Peanut butter burger, all of which have blown away my taste buds. Truly a great place for burgers. The atmosphere is chill and relaxed, the music well-selected and at a good volume, and the people very down to earth. Only problem I had was parking, which we soon discovered that the cheapest place to park is at the Knight Center MetroMover station for $3.00. The Filling Station and Garage Bar really does offer the best burgers in Miami!
I'll be honest, the first time I came here, I wasn't that impressed. I thought the burgers were a little more about production than taste, a little more about size than quality. Luckily, I didn't write my review until after my second trip. Now, this doesn't mean that my impressions after my first time are any less true. It just took another visit to fully appreciate what this place is boasting. The fact is that, while the burgers at the Filling Station are tasty, you're not being lured through the doors by some top-quality, juicy cut of meat. No, you're walking in because the Filling Station is a place that will top a burger with Nutella, with peanut butter, with a fried egg, with loads of thick-cut, peppered bacon, with any and everything the line cooks might find sitting in a fridge behind the ketchups and mustards and american cheeses and other such mundane toppings of the world. I can best describe the Filling Station as what Fuddruckers aspires to be. Some of you may think this an insult, but I don't. I mean, the fact is that while you may prefer the simplicity of a Shake Shack or a Five Guys, every so often, after a long day, after a considerable amount of time since your last meal, what you want -- what you need -- is a fist-sized patty topped with pulled pork and unicorn meat. And that's when the Filling Station is unmatched.
I love this place. Right by my office and my #1 choice in downtown for a juicy burger and beer. Can't do it all the time so i really enjoy it when i decide to be bad. Yummy Yummy. And the most delicious part...sweet potato fries with honey. That's right honey. crazy yummy combination.
Okay first off the service here was horrendous when we went for what reason I do not know because it wasn't that crowded and the servers were running around like it was. But they profusely apologized that it took them 20 min to take our order and everything was so delicious it definitely gave it the 5 stars. I mean c'mon they have a NUTELLA BURGER!! And it was amazing!! Who does that?! They have such an extensive and interesting menu I was overwhelmed with options. All of us enjoyed our burgers and sandwiches. And they had the best tots I think I've ever tasted!! I will definitely be making my way back here when I return to Miami. Also the decor was cool and funny. Hilarious quotes everywhere!
Delish food!! Try the deep fried pickles! Omg!! I don't even like pickles and I was in love at first bite!
If you work in downtown or find yourself there for some reason the filling station is a must stop place for a burger tater tots and craft beer. It's a great place to just hang out catch a game and have a beer beside all their monster burgers and heaping plates of tater tots. Come in a suit and tie or just in a tshirt and shorts just come as you are
Oh my goodness, the tater tots. So good. Get them with bacon and jalepenos or chili and cheese. Great delicious greasy sandwiches and tons of good beer. Go for trivia night! The staff is also very cool and helpful. Make sure you go hungry, and thirsty!
Great place with Great prices were you can get a large portion of food.   We found the place while roaming downtown on yelp.   It was pretty cool bar with standard bar food fair.   It had cheaper prices than I expect for being in downtown Miami.   The portions are huge and not the healthiest, but they are sure delicious. I got the turkey wrap and they use fresh cut turkey (not that processed deli meat). I recommend this to anyone that goes there and doesn't know what to get.
Fan-freakin-tastic. Might be the best burger I've ever had, and I'm a connoisseur of burgers :) I had e Malibu Bleu, which had the most amazing Bleu cheese ever on it, and asked them to add onion rings to the burger (good call, self, if I do say so). My stomach was mad that my mouth got to taste it first. Burger was perfectly seasoned, and the cheese was to die for. Tots are amazing as the staff's shirt promise they will be. Staff was super attentive, and even offered extras like homemade garlic mayo, three kinds of BBQ sauce (the sweet one was fantastic!) when the food was delivered. Also checked back several times to make sure we were happy. Decor was nicely unpretentious and pretty darn funny. Definite repeat spot for me!
I'm ashamed for taking so long to write a review for The Filling Station, given that I eat there on a near weekly basis. But with that in mind, I'll try to keep it short. TFS has everything that most Miami restaurants lack. The staff is incredibly friendly, the waitresses are attentive, the food is shockingly affordable, and the beer selection is one of the best in the city, with nearly all of them in the $4-$6 range. I've eaten almost the entire menu and have yet to be disappointed, though their specialty is clearly the burgers. The meat is unerringly cooked to perfection and comes with innovative and delicious toppings (Nutella and onions? YES). I'd go so far as to say that this is the best burger in Miami. I mean, Umami burger serves up a similar dish at double the price and without the atmosphere. Anyway, while TFS does infact have the "best tots in town", they also make a mean cup of chili that can be served as a side with any sandwich. Overall, I can't recommend this place enough, so long as your diet uses the phrase "cheat meal" very generously.
went here when looking for a burger place. i didnt see the upstairs so i cant comment on that. the service was really good. we actually had two different servers checking up on us. the food is delicious and i love that they give u tots instead of fries. love it. the only reason i give it a 4 is because i used the bathroom and its kind of divey which may be an issue for some. otherwise the place is awesome.
Wanted to try a burger joint but my wife didn't want a burger so we compromised on this.  It's like a little slice of Wisconsin nestled into downtown Miami!  We got there and it was still happy hour, $5 loaded tots and $3 canned beer.  Can you say hipster?  Except this isn't hipster anymore (probably a year removed) and was just good and the beer wasn't PBR despite being in cans.  The bacon, jalepeno cheese tots were the best tot dish I've had (and I've had lots).  The cheesesteak was above average as was the chicken philly.  The service and atmosphere were top notch (free Space Invaders anyone) and to find food that affordable downtown was a huge bonus.  Lots of TVs too if you need to catch a game.
Solid food and decent prices. Can't find anything to complain about. The staff are friendly and the food is really really good. Beer on tap is about $4 and the seasonal beers available are always a good surprise.
Mmmm. If you want greasy, yummy, well executed bar food... Look no further!
I ABSOLUTELY LOOOOOOOVE THIS PLACE. They have hands down the BEST BURGERS, SOUP & BEER. I go there all the time with my friends, they love it as much as I do. Friendly people, Great Staff. What more can you ask for....
Places like this remind me why we need to venture outside of our usual restaurant routine. After a Second Saturday adventure we were hungry and looking to avoid the usual art crowds in nearby restaurants. Enter The Filling Station. A hole-in-the-wall type place with burgers, BBQ and beer. Done. The walls include a lot of interesting signs, quotes, customer photos, and even customer reviews. Despite there being a shortage of wait staff, they were working their butts off, so we could understand a little bit of delay, but nothing that was out of the normal Saturday night hustle. Our food came out quickly and was goooood. We shared the Jalapeno Cheddar Tater Tots as an appetizer, which is likely something our inner 8-year old selves would have jumped up and down for. For the main course I went with the El Dorado Burger with blue cheese, bacon and onions. I was very tempted to get one of the others (peanut butter and nutella?!) but I kept it conservative this 'round although I'll be back for one of them. My +1 had the Steve's Respect Mobile burger with pulled pork, which I had a bite of and it was perfection. Two tasty things in one and savory toppings, so it's hard to go wrong with that choice. After visiting The Filling Station, we'll definitely be back to try out some of the other menu items.
Great burgers, among the best in Miami. There is a lot of variety in their menu and everything I have tried has been great, with the best one being Steve's "Mobile" Respect. Imagine a mouth watering hamburger with cheddar topped with pulled pork and carolina barbecue sauce. It is one of the best burgers I have ever tried. They also have a pretty good beer selection. All around A+.
The staff was well-trained, attentive and friendly.  Not only that, but they worked together well- there wasn't any of that server-bartender rivalry going on.  They were eager to serve. The beers were excellent.  The prices were outstanding.  I don't even need to qualify with "for" Miami.  The place is just cheap. I had a blue cheese burger.  It consisted of only meat, bread, and cheese.  It needed nothing else.  It may not have been the best burger I have ever had, but I can't remember one better. My friend had the wings, but I didn't get one he ate them so fast.  A good sign. There is no on street parking.  The lots nearby are expensive.  Next time I will park a block or two away and walk to save a few dollars, as the lot next door charged $10.
I was dragged to this spot by coworkers one night and am so glad I went. It's got a bar vibe and ambiance. I was thrilled that they had turkey burgers on the menu and tasty tater tots to boot.  I had the Gran Torino, a turkey burger w/sauteed onions and jerk BBQ sauce. DELISH!! I just realized I need to drop in again soon.  There's something for everyone, Philly Cheese Steaks, Grilled burgers, Salads, Sandwiches and Sweet Potato fries w/honey dipping sauce.  YUM
LOVE THIS PLACE The service is nice and friendly, it has a super layed back vibe .. they play music that I love (music that is definitley not the "normal" miami music ... iration/rebelution etc) Apart from that, the burgers are so yummy, thank god I live far away and dont work in the area because if not i'd be here wayy to often and it would definitely make me fatter. Tater tots and sweet potato waffle fries plus one (or 2) of their delicious beers (and there's a good selection) make me one Happy ass girl. Check them out, That is all
I've been here dozens of times and enjoy eating here whenever I get the chance. The burgers are great and the sweet potatoes fries hit the spot. The best part is the variety of beers on draft. It's nice to switch it up and try a new craft brew with my burger. There may be limited seating at peak lunch hours but this place is worth the wait. I would recommend a burger (the respect mobile) and a cold one but there's plenty of variety for those who don't want a delicious burger.
Very good, would go back. Had a Wynwood Ale (very tasty), and the burger with pulled pork on it, and some fries. The burger was well-cooked and massive, which was great because i was starving. Waitress was very friendly, atmosphere was nice too (I like dives). Only minor nitpick is the waitress falsely told me they make the fries at the restaurant, when they were clearly pre-made.
I recently moved to Miami from West Palm but my boyfriend has lived here for several years. We got a place together a few months ago and, our first night in the new place, we needed to get some delivery! I was looking forward to my boyfriend showing me the ropes down here but he passed out after a long day of moving so I who else could I ask but Yelp! I looked at several places but once I read The Filling Station's menu I knew thats exactly what I wanted! Unfortunately, they only deliver during lunch hours but I had to have it so I picked it up instead. Normally I wouldn't do that because too I'm lazy lol. I am SSSOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did and so is my boyfriend! He had never heard of the place prior to that night but now it has become a staple night-out for us! We have gone at least once a week ever since and sometimes we find ourselves there several nights a week. My boyfriends normally orders the pulled pork philly but I always switch it up and I'm never let down. Maybe it's my imagination but I could swear each thing I try tops what I had the last time! The food is always fresh and tasty and comes out quick but doesn't taste rushed! THEIR FOOD IS MADE WITH LOVE!! You can taste that from the very first bite!! On top of the food being ALWAYS AMAZING and having an incredible beer selection the staff are all super friendly and have come to know us by name as well as the other regulars - it's feels like a family. We have made so many fast friends and we look forward to seeing each time we visit our favorite place in Maimi!
Food, it was OK.  I had the nutella burger - wanted to try something different.  Although extremely messy, it wasn't all that bad. Their tater tots, hell yes delicious.   The boyfriend had some pulled pork type of sub, which was OVERLY stuffed so it was a bit much - kinda overkill - which was not very appetizing or flavorful. Will I come back for dinner? Probably not - wasn't that impressed.  But for some beers and tots with friends? Why the hell not.
Peanut butter burger. That is really all you need to know. The combination of the peanut butter with the burger seems strange but it's a delightful combination! Try the burger with the fried egg. But be sure you ask them to add carmelized onions. It really seals the deal on that burger!
DIVE BAR. with food.  So I'm giving this a 4 because 3 and 1/2 is not available.  When I go somewhere to drink, I could care less about cleanliness.  As weird as that may sound. When I go somewhere to eat, having a small, truck stop bathroom that needs serious attention makes me question the overall cleanliness of the place. However- serious, creative burgers and sandwiches. Seasoned Tater tots are served as the norm. I did not drink but the have "tons" of craft beers- bottle and draft. I had a pulled pork with cole slaw- I believe the "dirty beamer".  Good. I will go back- there is a chance if I am not blown away, that this gets demoted to a 3.  Check it out- tell me I'm wrong. Happy yelping!
We saw the great reviews, and started walking over.  We got to the front door and didn't think the awesome reviews could be right.  We went in and then...best..burger...ever.  I got the peanut butter burger and it was amazing.  Everyone at the table loved their sandwiches!  Def worth checking out!
This place is as grimy as grimy gets. I'm all for a good ol' dive, but seriously, this place just didn't cut it for me. I tried the pulled pork sandwich and the caddy burger and I've had way better in other places in Miami. If I ever go again, I'd simply stick to the fried potato stuff like the tater tots and sweet potato waffle fries. What I was really craving the night I went in was dessert and I was disappointed to find that they're only dessert offering was some type of pie that I can't even remember what it was called or what it had in it--that should speak for itself. Also, they don't have milkshakes, which is weird, because I feel like this would be the kind of place to offer outrageous milkshakes. Womp. PS. Stay away from the bathroom, even if you have explosive diarrhea. It's pretty gross.
I had to close my eyes when I chewed! It was amazing to me! Mike made my mike burger, and suggested the sauce I mean, it was the best burger in town!
I came here recently for one of my best friends birthdays. She wanted to do something chill so having us get together in this dive-y burger joint was the perfect fit. Overall the burgers were great. She and I split two - the Gabbys D'Lorean and the Steve's Respect Mobile. The former is made with nutella, caramelized onions, and peppered bacon. Even though I'm not that into nutella it went well with the sandwich, which was very good. The Steve's Respect Mobile had pulled pork, cheddar, and jerk BBQ sauce. This burger was AWESOME. As a table we also shared tater tots with pulled pork and while those were good none of us were really crazy about them. As far as prices go - you're getting a great bang for your buck. A nice sized burger with side of fries comes in under $10, and the draft beers were around $4 I think. If you're not that big of a beer drinker, try the Orange Blossom Pils! I'm not crazy about beer, and I loved it. The service on our visit was not as good. We were a group of 8, which as in most cases meant we came in kind of scattered. We ordered the tots before our party was complete and they put them down after our whole party had arrived - but didn't ask them if they wanted anything to eat or drink...for the next 15 minutes. We ended up having to flag someone down and it was a whole process to get everyones orders in. The service got better after that, so i'm hoping it was just a fluke. Side note: About the peppered bacon - it came on a lot of the burgers at our table and everyone agreed the pepper was really overwhelming. If you're going to order one of these know what you're getting yourself into.
Greasy, delicious food, and beer! What more do you need? You have to try the cheesesteak with tater tots (sweet potato fries are good too) with a cold beer. I'm a big fan of blue moon and UFO, but their selection will blow your mind! Try not to show up at noon during the week or you're in for a wait. Great place, and great service. Sit at the bar if you can.
This is a fun "dive" bar.  Great ambiance and a good, fattening menu.  They say they have the best tater tots in the city (or perhaps the world) but the frankly taste like any tater tot I've eaten anywhere else.  Still, I admire the chutzpah.
Oh you betcha! Good bar with exceptional Food, Outstanding food! Good pairing, UFO with the Hog Sandwich(Fried Chicken, Crisp Ham, Peppered Bacon, Swiss, and Garlic Mayo). A must stop if your into the spot where the food exceeds the hype not the other way around.
Update: they are open on Sundays now and I recently watched a heat game there, was fun.
I've been there twice and I was never disappointed. Great customer service and they are beyond sweet. They have a great beer selection and variety in the menu. Even though it's far from me, I would make the drive for this place.
I am bumping up their rating, even though I would actually 4.5.  You have to come in here expecting more of a dive bar experience.  Lots of pluses; prices are really good on food and beer, good beer selection overall (bottles/cans/tap), food is actually good, no complaints on their service, close enough to metro mover stations, TATOR TOTS, etc.  Cons: if you are driving, parking is never easy downtown, I wish their tap selection was more extensive.  Overall, great place for beer, burger, and especially their tots.
Food was awesome! I got the Rustys Beemer pulled pork and my boyfriend got the Filly dog. Very warm feeling in there, we sat at the bar. I did not have a beer but my bf tried the Shipyard Pumpkin head Ale and loved it. The only thing is, unless you live in the area and are walking over, you have to pay for parking in the lot across the street. There is no self parking, but that's not their fault.
Love the owners and servers!!! Awesome beer...pulled pork, jalapeño, sour cream, home made tater tots ftw!   We had a few hour layover in Miami, so we Yelped "craft beers" found the filling station, rented a car, and off we went!   I can't believe the service and warmness of everyone we met there!!!   Everyone was so nice and helpful.  Right when we came in, they had Bob Marley playing on the radio and we knew we were in the right place.   Would come here again and would recommend for all the locals! =)
Was here for a burger.  The burger was great.  Service a little slow, but not awful.
Tight little place with a HUGE beer selection and insane burgers.  Total gut buster. Wish it had better parking but beggars can't be choosers.
I stopped in because of three reasons: (1) I like really good burgers, (2) Yelp and (3) I was in Miami. This was a pretty good burger. I ordered it medium well. It had red onions, lettuce and tomatoes on it. I added ketchup and brown mustard. The bartender provided me with some mayonnaise on the side. I can't say that it was a life-changing experience, but it was, ya know, really good. I opted French fries instead of the tater-tots. I sat at the bar on some weird, uncomfortable seats that sunk the longer I sat in them (am I not in on the joke?). I love that this place played the Gap Band (and other 80's funk music). My four stars are rounded off (more like 3.75).
In my travels, I always have to visit a delicious local burger joint, so in my research I came across the Filling Station and its extensive menu of burgers, pulled pork, sandwiches, etc... An artery-clogging, comfort food heaven. I was sad that I was unable to order a burger because of Lent, so I settled for their famous pork sandwiches. I set my diet back a week and lose a few days off my life after this meal, but I have absolutely no regrets. Decor/Ambiance: Very casual vibe. I liked all the decorations around. They have photos of everyone and their meals posted all over the walls. Based on the photos, they have a 18wheeler burger challenge here. In my prime, I would've attempted such a feat. Food: 4 Stars**** 1) Chicken Wings with "Party in your mouth sauce" - The chicken wings were good, the meat fell off the bones very easily. I'm  not sure what was in the party in your mouth sauce" but it's unique and pretty good. They said it's spicy, but I'm Asian, so I was skeptical of their definition of spicy. I was right. The sauce wasn't spicy for our group of Asians. 2) Rodeo Pig is a pulled pork sandwich with cheese sauce, peppered bacon, onion rings and BBQ on a Kaiser. I'd have to say that I'm not much of a fan of pulled pork, but if there are more places that serve pulled pork like this, then I'll definitely be a fan. The pulled pork was so soft and flavorful, but not too salty. Just read the ingredients, what's not to like? 3) Bacon Jalapeno Cheese Tater Tots - Tater tots are just simply amazing and addicting by itself, but when there are bacon, jalapenos, and cheese added, my appetite control goes out the window. I just kept eating even when I was full. Service: 3 Stars** Initially the service sucked. Apparently, this place is so casual that time to greet guests isn't a priority. It took forever to get greeted and get some cups of water. We were waiting around for at least 10 minutes. I guess our server didn't know that the bartender told us to sit anywhere. Once she came out, it got a lot better.
The Speed Racer is the best burger here. Overall this place does a solid job. They also try some bold flavor combinations, and they don't always succeed (the burger with nutella is certainly worth trying, although I don't know that many people will repeat the experience). Fun trivia night as well. Service is quick and pleasant both at the place and for takeout, and they were happy to split checks over a lot of people (like 10-12). A simple, unpretentious bar/burger joint.
I love burgers! After many recommendations, I finally decided to stop in and give this place a try and it was well worth it! This place has a unique set up and I absolutely loved it! Started off with sweet potato fries, which come with honey as a dipping... Delisssh! The small portion is definitely enough to divide between two people. For my meal, I ordered the Caddy burger with the tarter tots. So. Damn. Good. I could not stop eating. I was literally stuffing myself at the end of it just because it tasted that good! The only reason I subtracted a star was due to the fact I had to repeatedly ask for a refill. Aside from that, everything else was worth it!
This is a great place to go with some friends.  I unfortunately was a lone and although it wasn't a real outgoing atmosphere the night I was there. The food though... WOW, incredible incredible sandwiches.  The bartender (male one) was inviting and explanitory, he let me try a few craft beers to find the one that I liked the most. I will be back but with my click so I can turn it up a bit :-)  Definitely seems like it can be a fun atmosphere... but the food is delish!
Awesome little hole in the wall. They have a good selection of draft beet. Shipyard pumpkinhead ale- was very good. Service was also excellent
The Filling Station is one of the best-kept secrets in Miami. It's small and "divey" but that's what makes it so great.
Just thinking about this place makes me happy.  The Filling Station is a rarity in Miami- great variety of beer, delicious food, friendly staff, chill atmosphere. For a place that has such an extensive beer list, you'd think the food would suck.  Spoiler alert: it doesn't.  I've dabbled in every section of the menu and everything from burgers to salads to quesadillas- fire.  On Tuesday nights ladies drink free draft beer so really if The Filling Station were a man, I'd marry it.
This is still one of the true finds in all of Miami. Located in the heart of downtown Miami, the restaurant sticks to what it knows best: good food at a good price. The burgers are excellent and they have some really creative concepts. I tried the Gabby's Delorean burger which had nutella, caramelized onions, and bacon on it, in a word: UNBELIEVABLE. The burgers are worthy of being in the South Beach Food & Wine Festival's Burger Bash in my opinion. Throw in that they have great appetizers (bacon tater tots, fried pickles) and award winning wings (try the Jamaican Jerk wings) and you can't go wrong. On top of that, the staff is very friendly and they contribute to providing a fun and entertaining dining environment. We went on Wednesday when they were doing group trivia, which was fun to see. After everything when you get the check you'll continue to smile because everything is very reasonably priced. When you combine a nutella burger with $3 craft beers and great wings you simply have a formula for a great restaurant. I would absolutely recommend The Filing Station to anyone looking for great food in a great environment. A+
Came here after a meeting at the MDC Wolfson Campus. Nice dive bar with lots of beer choices. Since it was lunch time and I was technically still working, my friends and I kept it clean with the drinks. I order a burger which was delicious as well as the fries. I would've given this place 5 stars but I also had the Clam Chowder which on the soup of the day. Hmmm...tough call because it was good but didn't really taste like clam chowder. Plus the color was more yellow than white so I'm guessing it was too buttery which happens. If you are in this area or if you want to try something new, come here.
Love this non diet friendly place. Love the sweet potato fries and the burgers. Amazing beer selection and great service !
The Filling Station hosted a party recently for our med school class.  I went expecting to have a good time eating overpriced food and shouting over loud music at friends across the bar.  What I got was far, far better.  Here are some things that I love about The Filling Station: 1) The music is kept at a reasonable level.  I've only been to two bars in Miami where I've been able to hear the person next to me talking, the other being RSMAS Wetlab.  This is huge and deserves 5/5 stars by itself. 2) Large, tasty hamburgers with very unique ingredients.  I ordered Gabby's D' Lorean, which contains nutella, caramelized onions and peppered bacon.  I was worried about ordering a burger with nutella at first, but a more experienced friend luckily talked me into it.  Delicious. 3) A fun beer selection.  I'm originally from the Washington-Oregon area, where every grocery store has an aisle of local beers.  This place has something to suit every drinker, whether you're an IPA fan or a cider chugger.  The draft apple cider and the fox barrel pear cider were both excellent (you can tell into which category I fall). 4) Free foosball upstairs!  Enough said. Overall, this bar is laid-back, friendly, and would be my top choice in Miami for a place to hang out and have a few drinks while watching a game.  Filling Station, you get an A+ from me!
I've never eaten here before, but saw the great reviews. I am glad we went. I will warn you that Wednesday night is a little crowded due to trivia so get there before 7:30. Our waiter was very knowledgable and not afraid to recommend things. My beer was delicious and I was pleasantly surprised that the shredded pork was juicy and tasty WITHOUT any sauce on it... thanks for yummy food!
Good food, good beer selection and a great staff. Went for karaoke one night and there were only five people there. They probably should have advertised it a little better. The tots are really good. I know they're just tots....but still. Overall, a bit of a dive, but a fun staff and good, cold beer makes up for it!
My party of four stopped by for lunch around 1 on a Tuesday. We parked accords the street with no trouble finding a space. We ordered the oil pan as an appetizer. The onion rings were golden, crispy, and delicious, but the fried pickles...omgtheFRIED_PICKLES were so perfect! (Think fried pickle spears, not circles, spicy and oh-so-good). The sweet BBQ sauce was terrific too! I ordered Gabby's D'Lorean (and failed at tagging the picture as "Granny's D'Lorean"-whoopsie). You might not think Nutella, pepper bacon, and caramelized onion sounds like a good plan, but it was great! I ordered this well-done, and it was still moist and not cooked to death! Others in my party ordered and loved the Hearse (really, really hot and good), Hamborghini (a yummy blend of meats), and Howard's Big Mac Truck.  Everyone agreed the place would be a dangerously regular occurrence were we locals! (Other notes: serviceable bathrooms, attentive service, excellent dive!)
I had the Steve's "Respect" Mobil burger, pulled pork, cheddar, jerk bbq sauce, side of ranch.  They cooked it perfectly, the tater tots were cooked perfectly.  It is a huge burger so unless you are very hungry you can split it with another person. Service was attentive but not overbearing.  Music was at a reasonable level.  No drunken fratboys or loud hoochie mamas ruining the vibe.  The only downside is there is nowhere close to park that has a reasonable rate, but of course I'm sure that varies by night and what other events are happening downtown.
First timer at this place. What a menu, I couldn't decide what burger I wanted they all sounded so good. I went with Steve's respect mobile, what a burger. The pulled pork was a nice touch and the sauce they put on it was really good, not sure what it was though. I like that it came with tots and not some boring fries. Good place for burger. Will def be ordering there again, and the delivery was fast which was nice.
Had to bump this place up a star! Not only did they redeem themselves with the Hamborgini burger that I wasn't too crazy about the first time I came, they absolutely won me over with the bacon and jalapeno cheese tater tots - you MUST have this appetizer! I had Steve's "Respect" Mobile burger this time around and was floored - pulled pork on a burger with cheese and BBQ sauce (and a nice cold Palm Amber to drink!).  I was also really happy that they were so accomodating to my 1.5 year old daughter - not many places are flexible with the menu! If you haven't come to grab a bite here yet, you must!  Be ready to leave stuffed, but blissfully happy!
From michigan hence I know my craft beer. This place was a straight shit hole. Ridiculous prices, people saying its cheap are morons. Only about 10 beers on tap all priced at 7 plus per pint. It was dirty, bathroom looked like miami sewer system. 9 bucks for a bottle of 90min ipa, could go across the street and buy a 4 pack for 11 bucks. We left after one beer and hit the Butcher shop. This place is actually great, nice atmosphere with a beer garden
Visited The Filling Station during my last trip to Miami upon Yelp recommendations. It's a great thing that Yelp exists, otherwise I'd have taken my business to some big chain restaurant. I went there with a couple friends, none of us from the area, so we were all taken aback when we got the menu, simply because there are too many things on it for one to chose from. I ended up ordering a Rodeo Pig (Pulled Pork, peppered bacon on a Kaiser bun). I did so at the recommendation of the lovely waitress that tended to us, because I simply wouldn't have been able to make up my mind otherwise. Others in my group got the Twisted Sister and the Gran Torino. While we were waiting for our food, we ordered the Sweetwater 420 Pale Ale. That was awesome, and helped cool us down after walking around downtown Miami most of the evening. Upon getting my burger, I couldn't help notice how big a portion it was. The taters were piping hot, so I had to drench them with ketchup to cool them down and they were delish. The pulled pork burger I had was delicious, and tasty. The porn moist and tender. I don't know what kind of sauce they put on it, but it was BOMB! With as much as I had to eat in front of me, and as hungry as I was, I was amazed (as were my friends) that I was unable to finish the Rodeo Pig. I made do as best as I could but could only get through half of the burger and most of the tots. If I were to do it all over again, I would. The ambiance at this place was pretty cool. Not too stuck up, not too homely. Just perfect. They even had a trivia going on throughout the time we were there, which added to the ambiance and all around great time. The pricing couldn't have been better, for what we ate and the portions we got. This place will definitely get another visit from me upon returning to Miami next Summer.
Loved the burgers and it was 'ladies night' so my drink was complimentary. If you are looking for a hole in the wall type place with great burgers this is great option.
Great place! Had the jerk wings and they were amazing! Also tried the pulled pork, cheese and sour cream tater tots and they were very unique and flavorful! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual bite. It's a very cool "dive bar" I will definitely be coming back!
Definitely try their "fillys" cheese steaks, especially the house filly. The ribeye meat was seasoned perfectly and cooked to remain hot throughout your meal. The hoagie bread was not too soft or too hard. The one waitress that served us was very friendly and accommodating always making sure we had what we needed.
It seems like only yesterday that I was complaining about the lack of a great burger in Miami.  Now you can't turn a corner without running into a burger joint professing to have the best burger in town.  Add The Filling Station to that list. The Filling Station has everything going for it - low prices, plenty of seating, a competent wait staff - yet something's not quite on-the-money. I've been here a couple times for lunch and ordered the same thing both times - the Caddy burger with cheddar and bacon, medium-rare.  And maybe it's my mistake for liking a little extra pink in my burgers, but even medium-rare shouldn't be *that* pink.  Each time I've asked for BBQ sauce on the side and received a different type of sauce (all BBQ, but if you have a variety to choose from, why not offer it to me?).  The tots are clutch - crispy and not too greasy. On my most recent visit, we got "The Oil Pan" starter, which comes with an array of onion rings and fried pickles (even though we just requested fried pickles).  The pickles were spears, and even though I'm of the opinion that chips make for better frying, these were solidly breaded, and didn't succumb to the pickle juice.  Worthy effort, Filling Station.  Worthy effort indeed. I've only been for lunch during the work-week, so I haven't had a chance to sample their pretty vast selection of $4 beers.  But I have a feeling once I do (and maybe order my burger medium), this place will get jacked up a star. Prices are spot-on, service is good (pretty unheard of for the Downtown Miami lunch scene), and the seating is aplenty.  A winner on the scene.
After weeks of anticipation, finally got the opportunity to swing by The Filling Station and pick up one of their much-heralded burgers for lunch.  Okay, I won't lie - a large part of my motivation was the tater tots.  I'm just saying, what restaurant can you find that serves tater tots these days??!  Exaaactly! Called in my order while en route.  I am highly amused to know that others had as hard a time as I did finding this place, even with using GPS.  It felt like I went around the world for 15 minutes before I landed.  (Note: Be mindful of those one-way street signs.)  Nevertheless, I was super lucky to find a good parking space 1 block north and not too far from where I needed to go. I pulled the door open and, I don't know how but the bartender knew who I was and called me over to pickup my order, which was waiting for me at the bar.  WOW!  Talk about customer service!  Not only are they nice, they're psychic too!  And QUICK.  No exaggeration, I spent about 1.75 minutes in The Filling Station.  I didn't even have a chance to take in the surroundings.  I can't tell you what anything on the inside looked like, it was just that fast.  For me, that's a plus because it lets me know that they understand the lunchtime rush and respect their customers' time. In all, I paid $10 for a great charbroiled tasting burger with a gang of tator-tots.  Was it the *best* burger I've had in recent memory?  No.  But it was pretty decent.  And that's perfectly fine because they serve good quality ingredients on a great bun and provide amazing service.  I'll still return to The Filling Station and give their other offerings a try.  They deserve my business and it shows.
My hubby and I went to the Filling Station & Garage Bar because we were in the mood for very tasty animals...and that is exactly what we got there. We started with the chicken wings with party in your mouth sauce. In case the name is not clear enough, these were probably the best chicken wings we've had in Miami. They are deliciously crispy outside, moist inside, and perfectly cooked. Not a trace of blood in them, yet tender. The sauce was very spicy, but not too spicy to overpower the taste of chicken, rather it complemented it while giving you the "my-lips-are-burning" feeling.  My hubby and I agreed that these wings were just P-E-R-F-E-C-T because of the way they cooked them. My hubby ordered the Hearse Burger, which is described as a "VERY VERY spicy burger" with jalapenos, habaneros, scotch bonnets, chipotles, and jalapeno jack cheese.  I didn't even venture into trying this fiery concoction, but he said it was good but not spicy enough for him :/ Don't take his word for it, this is a guy who eats ghost chiles for dessert and I am sure a normal person would find this burger hot and yummy...in fact, it is a great thing that they offer a nice selection of beers because you will need a nice ale to to cool it off...I also suggest being ready to dial 911... On the completely opposite spectrum of their menu, I decided to go with the Gabby's D' Lorean Burger with nutella, caramelized onions, and peppercorn bacon. I have to admit than I did a double take when I saw nutella and burger on the same sentence and thought to myself (que? que?). Even though I thought that it was too Tim Burton...ish I had to order it.  Let me tell you that it was great. You definitely can taste the nutella, but you also taste all of the other ingredients and they are a great combination. I felt like I was having my entree and dessert at the same time and I was happy with that. Both burgers came with their seasoned tater tots that were to die for. Even my hubby who lives a carb-free rookie life was eating them :) Delicious!!! I cleaned my plate and had a very satisfied belly. To end the meal I decided to order liquid dessert....they don't have that exactly on the menu, but they have a Black Chocolate Stout beer that was perfect to balance the sweetness of my burger.  I normally don't like dark beers too much, but this one tasted like real cocoa....mmmmm... Not only the meal was fantastic but the service was amazing. Our server went above and beyond to make sure that we were enjoying our meal and that everything was to our satisfaction and so did the manager.  I can't wait to go back...
Pumpkinhead on tap, delicious burgers, great tomato soup and a friendly bearded man as your server. What more can you ask for? And great news... looks like they're starting to open on Saturdays more regularly! The Filling Station is another great lunch spot with a huge menu that makes you want to order anything and everything. I opted for: - Tomato & basil soup - not sure if its on the menu, but its a must-order - Steve's "Respect" mobile burger - amazing burger, pulled pork and jerk bbq sauce. The side of tator tots were addictive, To be honest, this place was 5 stars before I even had my food. We felt very welcome and at home here. The staff and even the patrons were friendly and nice to be around. The Filling Station just seems like a cool place to hang out and have a few beers.
Great Berger and awesome selections. Good beer choices on tap and bottles. If u love tater tots this is the place to go. Can substitute for onion rings that r actually cooked right and fried pickles. One Berger was enough to eat even without the tots. Would come back again if in mood for pulled pork or burger done right.
I'm the type of gal who's almost always at the ready for a chuck burger and cold beer. For my male friends, I'm a dream refuge from their salad-eating counterparts. So, yesterday around happy hour, my buddy called me to meet him at The Filling Station, a downtown bar that's been on my burger radar for months. From the outside, the eatery looks deceptively small, but once you're in, you realize there's two rooms (and maybe even an upstairs!). We bellied up to the bar and basked in the careful selection of brews on tap. North Carolina's Highland Brewing Co. took over a handful and so we opted for their Gaelic Ale, a flavorful amber weighing in at 5.6% ABV. A clever choice indeed as we clinked and chugged. On to the burger menu, this place is certainly for those who throw dietary caution to the wind. The meaty creations here take on a novelty topping approach and whether you're looking to smear your patty with peanut butter or Nutella, there's a small sea of sweet and savory options. I kept it simple and went with the Caddy (old school style with raw onions, tomato, lettuce, pickles). I loved the burger as a whole but would have loved it even more if they offered a bun selection. Potato buns are my poison. I tried the patty itself and found that the strength here is certainly in the combination of ingredients rather than the stand-alone flavor from the burger. The ambiance throughout is great and certainly of the ilk that Triple D would celebrate. License plates shellacked onto the bar top, customer's photos acting as wallpaper, and regular's beer mugs on shelves behind the bar. Nicely done, Filling Station! I'll certainly be back!
Living in downtown for three years and driving past this place so many times I never ever wanted to go in here. From the outside it just does not look like the kind of place I would enjoy. Hubby went here several weeks ago and really enjoyed it so we decided to go last night to watch the game. When I walked in I was quite surprised, cool bar off in the corner, booths and tables. The restaurant was clean and service was stellar. Two years ago I never would have drank beer, yes I love my vino too much but there are places that I just can not order wine, I blame yelp for this, they have showed me so many fun places. Then I also blame Patrick L. our yelp beer guru and snob. He has let me taste and share some incredible beers that I am to the point where beer just goes down way to quickly now. Hmmm , and I wonder why they call it a half keg beer gut! Thanks I now have one. This place has some great beers and what I loved the most is they bring you samples before ordering. One of the owners friend's who was working so hard came over several times and let us sample several beers. He even sat and spoke with us for awhile, great guy. He was awesome and you could tell he knew his beer. Before I go into the food let's talk what we drank. Harpoon Leviathon Double IPA, woah it was strong and good $8.88 for a pint, hubby finished this one. Then Anygator Abita, loved it, full of flavor, creamy, fruity without being being sweet. Magic Hat and Sam Adams Summer Ale were delish as well at $3.98 per pint. Selection and prices equal awesome! We started with an order of wings, hot sauce on the side, naked and meaty, just like I like them. Then I ordered a steak Philly with fries and hubby had a chicken Ferrari sandwich. OMG, the food is wonderful. Seriously I was so impressed with their food. Bar food, heck no they have a huge menu with so many items. I see some major cravings in my future. TVs were on, great fun crowd watching the game. Our server was awesome. Service here was shocking, is this not a bar? Wow, very very impressive. Loved this place and so glad hubby finally convinced me to come. Gee, I really need to quit being so stubborn. hee hee Why not five stars only because now when I get a huge craving for their amazing food and beer I may not be able to go. They are only open on certain nights, bummer. I can only hope this will change one day. Great food, great service, great food, fun atmosphere!!! Woohoo, I am a fan!!
They may not have the best burgers in Miami - but it's definitely among the best. But what makes this a 5-stars place in my book is the addition of everything else (Filling folks - don't let that make you go easy on those great burgers!) Staff: All friendly, love to know their customers, and even quirky in their own ways (i.e. Michael kissing his biceps for fun). None of the South Beach pretentiousness nor looks apply here. Ambience: It's a dive place - with license plates lining up on the walls. But oddly, it feels very homey as well. Definitely homey enough that I could see myself coming back over and over. A sign of a true burger shack indeed. Price: Reasonable prices - and slightly better than the more revered burger places around town (looking at you, B&BJ!) Food: I keep ordering Mike's Speed Racer since I love having a fried egg in my burger. And it's delicious too. The sides of their "famous" tater tots are not really anything special. They're tater tots. But granted, they're better and tastier than Sonics. And where else can you get tater tots in Miami? I'm stumped. (Oh, and even their turkey burger is good - and that's usually a tough thing to swallow in other places) Drinks: Great drink prices and good beer menu. So YUPPERS - I'd return!
I really liked everything about this place except that it is a pain in the ass to get to and an even bigger pain in the ass to find reasonable parking. They deliver though which will probably be my method of choice for eating this food moving forward. Anyway, the hamburgenini is really a nice burger. It has fried salami and melted provolone. Reminds me of a burger I had a burger I had at kumas corner in Chicago which is high praise because that is a great burger. Also a fan of their tots. I am excited to try the wings in the future. It was only around $20 for a burger and a chicken sandwich which is very reasonable. Not a drinker, but it appeared to be a good place to grab a beer as well.
So I had such high hopes for this place, I have been wanting to go for two years so perhaps by the time I finally walked in I had such crazy expectations that I was disappointed. I thought Id be adventurous and have the burger with the Nutella because I love Nutella and I obviously love burgers....this combo is actually DELISH!  but the burger didn't taste fresh, more like pre made frozen patty and well thats the foremost important part of the burger so needles to say I was not very happy. The service was alright, I think our waitress was new so ill let it slide but we ordered the burger with pulled pork and got one with spinach instead. We asked for them med rare and got well done. Then to remedy the lack of pulled pork we got the tots with cheese and pulled pork, they are CRAZY good. The tots are great! But we still missed out on the pulled pork burger which was sad. I wouldnt really go back because there are so many excellent burger places, but I really hope it was just a bad day for them. Also really important to take note is that parking is a mission!!!! We did circles and circles, most places charge $5 for 30 mins and well that was not happening. You cant be starving because by the time you park it will be 30 mins later.
Best burger ever... Tried the Nutella burger...delicious, Nutella makes everything better. It sounds weird but it works.
The best compliment I can pay to a burger joint is that the meat tastes like it was grilled in someone's backyard    The claim to have the "Best tater tots in Miami" and I can't disagree     I was going to jump in on the PeanutButter Burger but I chickened out and went with "Steve's "Respect" Mobile" that had pulled pork and cheddar cheese     The burger was great    Be prepared for pork,sauces and other bits to come flying out of your burger cause it's packed with good stuff    The onions rings were crispy and the fries were good also    I guess i just could've said "everything was good" and wasted a lot less time    can't wait to go back and finally try that PB Burger The service was great in a "not trying to hard" kind of way and there seemed to be a lot of regulars hanging around    They should really get a job Miami needs more places like this Also, it was weird sitting under a picture of Dongo the whole time   He wouldn't stop staring
the Filling Station is my kind of spot. Small, hidden w/ a Great little beer selection.  It's has that tight industrial feel.  Flat screens, 5 booths, small tables & high top area with a precarious stair leading you to second level for a more intimate feel if the bar area is packed and noisy.... Air Hockey! Being Stop #2 on What Miami Beerger Crawl, the place WAS packed & noisy.  Love it!  Beer was flowing, orders were going out & new friends were made. Given the large numbers of Crawlers, Steve & the guys behind the counter stood their ground & handed  the $6 sliders and $2-3 beers as quickly as ordered.  They are located right by Knight Center Metromover Station.  What a perfect spot for those moving into the forgotten Downtown area. Will be back soon.
It's a dive bar..but from the service to the food a 5 Star Dive Bar! (Yes, I grade on a curve.) From the old license plates on the bar counter, to the photos of patrons stuffing our faces, to beer posters and even a hanging bicycle being raffled the decor screams dive bar. I joined some other Yelpers for the Eat Like a Local event, and was the culinary contrarian, opting for what was a Chicken Caprese Burger. More than a handful with a large chicken breast on a lightly toasted bun (how I like it!) with fresh mozzarella, tomato slice and plenty of balsamic. Of course that healthiness was done in by the sweet potato waffle fries, both for sharing among the table as well as the ones that came with the sandwich. Dip'em in honey or in any of the 5 sauces in the sampler platter (my favorites were the Carolina mustard based sauce, as well as a spicy one - BBQ with a hint of hot pepper I'm guessing.) Our funny, sassy waitress talked us into getting a chocolate cake slice for the table. Settling into a food coma, I was barely able to taste a few teaspoons of rich chocolatey goodness.
I've been back to The Filling Station a few times since I first reviewed it, but this this review is based upon returning here for the "Beer Snob's Bicycle Pub Crawl IV".   While I will say that I was a little disappointed that The Filling Station wasn't as prepared for us during this crawl as they were last time (during last years' bike crawl they had a 5 gallon Gatorate bucket filled with ice water for the cyclists to refill their bottles, and also provided a few sleeves of plastic cups.   In addition, they also had a special menu with items that were $5 each across the board.  They didn't offer any of these amenities to us during this crawl), but the overall visit and experience here was a good one. On this last leg of the bicycle pub crawl, a few Yelpers left for other commitments or chose to stay at the last stop for a bit longer, so Marcos and I were biking together on this leg.  We decided to skip the stop before this one as it was a bit too crowded and both of us were hungry, so it was our hope to come directly here before many others showed up to grab a few beers and some food. Unfortunately several others also had this same plan in mind, but we grabbed menus, found 2 open stools at the end of the bar and one of the three servers they had working on this night was there almost immediately.   We ordered food, I ordered a beer and both were delivered in a decent amount of time considering how packed this place quickly became. I was happy with the tater tots, but my burger itself was pretty dry.  I ended up opening the bun and giving it a second, larger squirt of ketchup to try and sauce it up a bit.  Marcos also commented that his po' boy was a bit on the dry side.   After Jose Luis arrived and ordered food, I asked one of the servers if I could get another beer.   Nearly 5 minutes later she stopped to ask what kind I wanted, and I was finally served 10 minutes after that, after reminding her that I was still waiting. Everything else on this night was fine.  The Filling Station offers a fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and they were willing to hand us the remote control when Marcos wanted to check out the USC game on one of the smaller TVs.     As a few other reviewers have commented, the prices are definitely reasonable here.  On our bill we had a po' boy and a burger, both with tater tots, and 2 beers, for a total of $26 before tip.
The Poor Man's Burger and Beer Joint. Filling Station is a gastropub with vintage gas station décor and has that whole dive-y bar feel to it. It's a great little burger joint right off the Interstate-95. They specialize in burgers and sandwiches but have plenty of cheap beers as well. They've got a decently sized bar which makes it seem odd that they are only open during lunch hours (til 4 pm) everyday but the weekends. The service here is wonderful. Our waitress was very friendly, helpful, and easy on the eyes. Their menu is strictly standard bar staples with a wide variety of specialty burgers. All their standard burgers are half pounders. There are burgers that have pulled pork, salami, and even burgers with peanut butter or nutella. Their weird combinations supposedly taste great, but I stuck with the Mike's Speed Racer which was spinach, mushrooms, jalapeno jack cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. (I love fried egg on a burger!). All burgers and sandwiches come with your choice of fries, sweet potato waffle fries, or tater tots. Most of my friends got burgers and one of my friends got a Z-28 Sandwich which our waitress described as "Thanksgiving between bread slices" (Roast turkey, honey baked ham, sweet potato fries, and cranberry sauce on ciabatta). When the burgers come out, they don't look too hefty, but they sure pack a punch to your hunger. The Mike's Speed Racer was great. The fried egg was cooked perfectly where one little squeeze of the buns made it explode (no sexual innuendo). The bacon, mushrooms, and spinach with the jalapeno jack cheese blended well to complement the burger. Now the burger itself (which I asked for medium) was closer to medium-well and was a little dry. The burger wasn't too juicy, but it was seasoned nicely and the toppings (along with my appetite) helped me to ignore it. I'll be sure to ask for medium rare next time. The tater tots are great, but nothing special as described by other reviewers. The sweet potato waffle fries are great. And they are accompanied with honey for dipping, which made them that much better. One of my friends attempted the "Hearse" which is their extremely spicy burger. His tolerance for spice is well-renowned in my social circle, but he said that it wasn't spicy at all and was slightly disappointed (didn't stop him from inhaling the burger). The "Z-28 Sandwich" (Thanksgiving between bread slices) tasted good too. (I had a couple of bites). The roast turkey tasted great and was thickly cut which I enjoyed. The ham though was disappointing as it was just a thin slice of ham. The cranberry sauce and the bread worked well together. Overall, I was pleased with my stop at the Filling Station. Service and food was stellar. Beers are cheap. Burgers are good. My biggest problem wasn't with the toilet (like others say), but with the lack of dinner hours. My fat@$$ usually craves burgers past sundown, but there is no Filling Station to fill me up.
I just have to update my review and express my LOVE for The Filling Station. Their food is great. No lie, everything I've had is tasty. They're super affordable, and it's just a really fun place. The staff is awesome and most nights (except for nights when there's a game at the arena), there is free parking in the lot next to the building. By the way, not taking a star off for this (because everything else makes up for it), but they don't have a full bar. Awesome selection of beers, but don't go expecting martinis and mojitos.
Beers, Burgers, & Blues Small two story bar, hidden in the cracked out areas of Brickell. You can take the metro mover which will drop you off a short block away, or if you decide to drive there is a $5 lot right across the bar.Lots of different  craft beers on tap and by bottles for $2-3 dollars. This was during a WhatMiami Brickell Pub Crawl, so I'm not sure if pricing would be different on a regular basis, but if not, then AWESOME.  This place is cool, especially if you wanna drink beer that is not your typical Bud light, Miller Light, etc.....
Pretty neat place! Right off the Metromover station at Knight Center. Not to familiar with craft beers, I asked the server which of their lightest beer was the best and he recommended the Cigar City Brew Helles Lager. Pretty tasty! Ordered their caddy burger (their basic burger) with tator tots and it was pretty darn good! At first when I saw it, it's seem to much to eat, but I finished it with no problem. Great lunch spot!
The filling station is a diamond in the rough. I recently went with my boyfriend who found out about this location through friends. I will admit the inside needs a bit if not a lot of tender love and care but nonetheless it has character. The drinks are very afforadable a.k.a. cheap and they have a great selection for you to choose from. During my first visit to the filling station I went with my boyfriend and another couple. We all decided to order a different burger from the menu and then cut it in four and swap with each other so that way we each had a piece of the others burger. Great Idea! my favorite burger was the mushroom swiss cheese one that I ordered. The tator tots that came with the burgers well good too, I'm not a tator tot fan but they were yum. In conclusion, The Filling Station has a great menu of creative burgers and sandwichs, that are delicious, they have a great beer selection, and have extremely affordable prices. They are only opened till 9pm on Friday and Saturday and close at 3pm the rest of the week and the inside decor needs some fixing up but great place to check out nonetheless.
I've only been once, but The Filling Station seems like the kind of small neighborhood bar where "everybody knows your name." And I'm not just saying that because I've been watching way too many episodes of "Cheers" on Netflix. The regulars actually have mugs on the wall above the bar and the place just feels friendly in a way that only small, intimate bars can. There weren't very many people there, but everyone at the bar seemed to be having a great time hanging out with the bartenders and our server was so nice. When he found out that we lived just down the street he gave us 2 tokens for free beer next time. Even though I'm not usually a fan of beer I'm pretty sure that I'm gonna cash that token in because I drank the most delicious blueberry wheat beer while I was there. Again I don't usually put beer and delicious in the same sentence. As for food, the bf and I ordered burgers and the appetizer with fried pickles and onion rings. The onion rings were fried in panko and very crispy, but the pickles were oddly spicy. Not my fave. Burgers were chargrilled, very large and very good. They came with tater tots that tasted wonderful when dipped in the Filling Station's homemade BBQ sauce. I'll be back.
I finally had a chance to try a burger while dining-in versus delivery. This time, the burger was pretty darn good.  I didn't experience that "OH MY GOD THIS IS AMAZING" as I do with other burgers in town, but heck, when you're hungover or you're craving a burger and don't want to trek to Five Guys, this place has a more-than-decent burger. Admittedly, I had the standard cheeseburger, but my co-worker tried the one with peanut butter and peppered bacon and said it was really good. (note: I urged him to order this burger because I wanted to witness the eating of a burger with peanut butter on it). Again, I was pleased to get a side of tater tots with my burger.  I really didn't have to eat the rest of the day after eating here.  The bun to patty ratio was perfect.  The beef was high quality and you can tell that everything is freshly made considering it took about 15-20 minutes for us to be served.   While we waited for our burgers however, we enjoyed the super-friendly service (I'm so used to bad service, that I almost find good friendly service creepy) and kitschy atmosphere of the place.  On Friday during the lunch hour there were very few people there, which is a real shame considering the quality of the food and service. From my downtown office, this place is quite a trek in the heat and heels.  So next time I'll be sure to catch the people mover.  It's close to the Bank of America building. Also note: It's only open from 11 to 3:30.
Last night was my second visit here, and I am shocked I didn't write a review after my first visit. This bar is is down the street from the hotel I have to stay in for work, and I am so thankful it is! Wednesday night is trivia night, so if you want to partake (and you should, so much fun!), get there by 6:30 to get a good table, and your food order in before the trivia begins. They only have beer and wine, but really, with a beer list chock full of dank beers, who needs liquor?? They have awesome craft beers, and at least 2 of them are always on special ($3). They have Dogfish Head 60 Minute for $3.85....WHAT? So cheap for a 6% ABV beer. The menu has inventive burgers, pulled pork, chicken sandwiches, and more. They are known for their burgers, so I recommend going for one of these. As an appetizer, we ordered 2 helpings of loaded tater tots - tots smothered in cheese sauce, bacon, and jalapenos....yep....taste like it sounds....amazing.   I ordered the Gabby's D' Lorean...burger with nutella, caramelized onions and peppered bacon. Yes, nutella on a burger. Let me tell you..this thing was delish. Perfectly cooked with pink center, loaded with bacon and onions, and nice thick layer of nutella. I really don't know why this combo of food works, it just does. I could only eat half because it was really rich (and because of the loader tots for a started), but I really wanted to eat the whole thing. All sandwiches come with your choice of fries, sweet potato waffle fries, or tots, and the prices are about $9. Great deal for the quality and quantity. Others at my table tried the Hamborghini...burger with fried genoa salami, provolone cheese and our pesto mayo and the Mike's Speed Racer...burger, spinach, mushrooms, jalapeno jack, bacon and a fried egg - all with great reviews. The service is also outstanding. Basically one lone server running his ass off taking orders for food and beer, and never writing anything down and never getting anything wrong. He rocks.
I don't understand the hype.  I like a good dive bar...but this place was just too dirty for me, and it smelled bad.  The food was good, I definitely liked the waffle fries.  But I can get decent bar food at a cleaner, nicer place.
Burger joints are becoming big around Miami, but this is by far the best spot in South Florida to grad a burger and a brew. This place screams for a visit from Guy Fieri and an episode of Diner, Drive ins and Dives. The must have is Steve's "RESPECT" Mobile Burger. When you eat it, you'll know why you need to respect it. It's a nice sized burger with their famous pulled pork, cheddar cheese, BBQ Jerk Sauce. This would have won "America's Ultimate Cheeseburger" if they were willing to give up the recipe for the pulled pork. Gotta RESPECT that! What makes it better is it comes with a mound of tater tots. I don't know about you, but whenever something comes with tater tots, it just instantly makes it better. *Make sure you come in on Tuesday and Thursday to meet Steve. You won't find a better person in Miami!* They have a handful of other crazy burgers including ones with peanut butter, nutella and a bunch of other crazy options you wouldn't even imagine trying. When you do, you won't go back to a regular burger. Now on to the best part of it all ... the brews. Sure you'll find your boring bud, bud light nonsense here, but they focus on the craft beer. They always have different craft beers on tap. Anything from IPA's to lagers and ale's. Every now and then they will have tasting flights where you can sample five different types of craft beer from a certain brewery. They will even take requests on what type of beer to order. If you like Dogfish head, they will try to keep it in stock. Also, Wednesday is trivia night. Stats at 7 and ends at 9 ... You can win a bar tab or a mystery box. Always go for the mystery box ... you know know what's in a mystery box ... it could even be a bar tab! The does close around 10 and the kitchen closes at around 9 so it's not a late night place. It's a place to relax with friends and watch the game or a place to go out, get a bite to eat and pregame for the night. Either way, you won't just go once. You'll keep going back!
Three words: Becky's. General. Lee. This was one of the juiciest pork sandwiches I have ever had. The bar is tiny, but quaint and welcoming. They have great music playing and because it's in the heart of downtown, it's fairly hidden by all the suit-wearing lawyers. Everything is delicious.
To get to the point right away.... Ordered a Philly cheese steak with onion rings and didn't think it was that great. I have had better phillys than this. I was really hungry too and wasn't satisfied. Don't think I'm coming back...
I was downtown and craving a burger. We searched for restaurants nearby and we decided to drop by the Filling Station which had very positive reviews. We got lucky to not have any wait, but I must say that's all the luck we had. I ordered a Medium Rare Caddy Burger with tater tots. The burger was more on the rare side, but it didn't bother me enough to tell the waiter. However, the burger itself was tasteless and the tater tots didn't even taste very seasoned. My boyfriend ordered a Philly and was not impressed either. I told him to taste my burger as well and agreed it did not taste like anything really. Don't think we're going here again.
I went to The Filling Station for lunch today with four other girls from work. We got there at about 12:20 pm and were sat upstairs because the downstairs was full. Upon sitting down we all asked for water.  After perusing the menu for a few minutes we were ready to order, unfortunately there was no one to take our order. We asked the girl who sat us to take it, but she said she wasn't a waitress and would have to go get a server. Ten minutes went by, and still no server or water (10 minutes is significant when you only have an hour to eat and get back to work, hence the term "lunch rush"). Out of sheer desperation we asked what looked like a server if he could please take our order. He proceeded to take all of our orders without writing anything down. Of course, I had to ask "are you sure you can remember all that...?" because I was really trying to avoid our orders getting messed up when we couldn't afford the time it would take to correct them. Anyway, he said "yes, I will" so that was the end of that. Another fifteen minutes went by and we still hadn't gotten our "oil spill" appetizer, but the people sitting at the table next to us already had their food, and yes of course they got there after us. Ten minutes later we finally got our food, along with our long awaited appetizer. The oil spill was actually quite good! It's a pile of fried pickles and onion rings with ranch dressing and barbecue sauce. I ordered a burger with cheddar cheese and some of their pesto mayo. The burger was good, not great. The pesto mayo was not the culinary deliciousness I expected. It seems I've been spoiled by gourmet burgers as of late. The sweet potato fries were good, but they were served lukewarm. By the time I was done with my burger, the fries were colder than the glass of water I was drinking. My friend had the caesar salad and she said it was worse than sub par. She said the dressing was "blah," and the croutons weren't even seasoned. In the Filling Station's  defense, and as I told my friend, they probably don't expect people to order salads at this place so they don't put too much effort into them. Overall, I'd say the food was OK, I have had better and the service left much to be desired. I thought of rating this place three stars, but after reading the titles I felt that I've had better" was more appropriate. I'm also not sure I'd go back.
I was so excited to have discovered this place... For days now I've been trying to get a group to go with me, but apparently everyone's into "Crossfit" now and in my book, have all become very boring!! lol... Anyhow, back to Filling Station... Upon entering, it's not much at all.  Very brooklyn feel, dive bar, simple... But you can tell by the bbq-ish smell that you're going to be in for a treat!!!! We started with the chili cheese tots... OH... SWWEEET... TATES!!!!!  I can't even begin to tell you how much I loved these.  Crispy fried taters oozing with chili and melted cheese all over... This enough was good enough to have as a meal, but I'm not in Crossfit, so I didn't stop here! My husband and I actually decided to split something (a rarity, but thank God we did, can you say HUGE?).  We ordered the Steve's Respect.... It's pretty much a burger piled high with pulled pork and cheese.   Amaze-balls.. seriously people.. It's just the perfect combination  They also have a great variety of different bbq sauces to dip (i'm a sauce person, so I was in heaven).  And a good variety of beers to choose from at good prices. I think I found a new dive - and a dive that has AMAZING food!!    Great service, great food, good times!!!  As long as you don't expect luxury location, you're in good shape.
Peanut Butter, Bacon Burger. Enough said. It was well worth my torturous time at the gym the following morning. I loved every minute of this place. Crispy tator tots (I read a review below mine that said the "Best Tator Tots in Downtown Miami." Is there really another spot that even serves Tator Tots?) Alas, we placed our orders and the food came out and it was love. A place where I can have a beer and a burger and not pay a ton of money to do so. I'll definitely be back like tomorrow. Definitely a local hangout with a great crowd!
So, the office decided to try The Filling Station since so many different people had heard so many good things.  I think my views may be a tad skewed after my experience at Brickell Irish Pub the night before being so bad.  I tried a bite of a plain cheeseburger and definitely found it much more palatable than BIP.  For my own lunch, I was surprised with a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and Tater Tots in addition to some communal hot wings.  I turned down the chicken wings after I tried one and found that it was just not the flavor I was looking for...why would anyone add so much black pepper?   I took my food and scurried off to my desk.  The sandwich, while not the best, was far from the worst that I had ever tasted.  Again, there was an overabundance of black pepper, but there were other factors (thick chicken, breading, bread, onion ring) that tended to help balance it out.  I decided to ignore the tots and bleu cheese since they both were also over-peppered.  Would I return? Yes, I would; but I would ask for no additional pepper. NOTE:  Black pepper is not hot; it just has this very strong earthy flavor to it that can be VERY overpowering.  Please don't overuse the black pepper.
Before Burger and Beer Joint invaded the streets of Miami, the true Burger joint was already in business: Filling Station. They are the Andy Warhol of Burgers and the menu says it all. My favorite is the Hamborghini, Medium Well :) Although I have been super tempted to order the burger with Peanut Butter just because it sounds pretty friggin neat. The hotdogs are the hidden secret. You see, yiou go to a burger place and order a burger of course BUT when you choose a hot dog instead you see how incredibly and vastly superior they are to any other hot dog you have tried. Beers are ridiculously cheap and they stock that Raspberry girly beer I live for: Purple Haze. The bathroom situation is unfortunate. There is only tiny crammed toilet in the back with a door that barely closes. Sounds secure, huh? Not.  But it wouldnt change my mind about feasting on a juicy burger even if I have to hold it until I get home because they have substance and I have an  apetite..Bon Apetit ! Oh yea, and how could I forget..the picture of the blonde sleazy tramp near the entrance will soon have a painted mustache on and/or be ripped off.
I appreciate the cover on the drinks and am glad that they will reimburse you for the 2 drinks I ordered.  Keep up the good work.
Great Beers, Burgers and Atmosphere! Cool drinking club, and the home of the first female drinking club Barley's Angels.  Their Bartenders are knowledgeable about beers and fun to hang with.  I Loved the burger with the fried egg on it Mike's speed racer.  Get this!  The onion rings rock! If you are in the mood for a divey place with cool music and great beers, this is it!
Oh the torture - to come here for a lunch, on a workday... with craft beers on special. I was good.  That was dumb. This is a great place to get crafty with friends - and eat tater tots and waffle fries. Classic burger joint, greasy spoon with a classic "dive" style.  Great sloppy chicken sandwiches and some decent wraps. Don't bother with a salad. I did. That was dumb. More dresing than greens. Chocolate cake for the table. More chocolate than cake. I'm wiser now. I'll be back  - after work.
By the time I left I had more bounce than a hotdog down a hallway. Had a blast here..no super blast. This was part of What Miami's Burger/Beer crawl shenanigans and Im glad it was. -Food: Sliders! 6 bucks, you can't beat that and they're quite tasty(think wimpy burgers from popeye) - Drinks: Beer! I had the special brew for 2 bucks a pop and I also dabbed in a bottle of cider, 4 bucks a pop. Good stuff. -Service: Very good! Considering this place was more packed than massage parlor in downtown Bangkok during fleet week, I was quite impressed. The staff was friendly, helpful and very prompt in meeting requirements. BZ -Atmosphere: Like I said, this was part of What Miamis Beerger Crawl so we had a good mix going in and more en route. I met lots of cool people, hope to see them again soon. Overall this place rocked, Ill probably be stopping by for lunch during the week seeing that I was more tossed than Lyndsey Lohan driving on the 836.
I stopped by this hidden spot on a Saturday night. There are many things I like about it. First of all, the decor and ambience are very laid back and quite welcoming. The walls are littered with pictures of past patrons, quirky quotes, and American nostalgia. You immediately feel quite at home, whether you sit at the bar downstairs or the upstairs loft, which includes an air hockey and foozball table. The place was pretty packed, so service was a tad on the slower side, but the two waiters who were running up and down the stairs were definitely hustling and trying hard to make everyone happy. My waiter recommended the "Steves Respect Mobile" burger, which included burger, pulled pork, cheddar, jerk bbq sauce, and a side of ranch. With their 'famous tots' which I thought were good, but pretty standard. I ordered mine with cheese, bacon and jalapenos. LOADED BABY! The burger was delicious. Juicy, high quality meat, and pretty darn BIG. My wife and I had the Florida Lager and a dark Dunkel beer, on tap, and they were cold and only $3. I will definitely come back here, and would consider paying the $65+ for their frequent customer program (MUG CLUB), which includes a mug with your name on it and discounted beer/food. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. GOOD EATS. GOOD BEER. Oh, and did I mention FREE PARKING ACROSS THE STREET!? (before 11pm) (I'm going to come back to The Filling Station and if I have an equally positive experience, will be upgrading my review to 5 stars)
Their grilled wings are the best food item they have - spicy jerk is the way I get them. Tater tots are good but greasy, sweet potato fries are standard, and their regular fries are pretty good. Service is usually good, and now that the bar is open - the place went up a few notches with their 4 dollar premium beers. EDIT: Upgraded to 4 Stars b/c if their beer selection and what I consider to be the best wings in town (no joke). Try the spicy (not really) jerk wings.
I'll admit, I'm easy to please. All I ask for is good food, decent priced beer, and most importantly friendly service. This place has all of it. It's a little hole in the wall place downtown but only a short walk from tobacco road if you want to go out after. First the food. I have only had the burgers and tots but they are both delicious. They have a large variety of creative bar food not just your typical cheeseburger and fries. The last time I went I had the "Speed Racer" which has bacon, fried egg, spinach, and cheese. Combined with the tots, I couldn't ask for a better meal. If your looking for Budweiser or Miller your in the wrong place. Theres an abundance of good beers to try for only $2-$3. Its hard to beat the selection and price. The service is awesome. I don't know the owners and staff as well as my friends who go often but they always treat us right.   They recently finished remodeling the second floor which now hosts a foosball table, air hockey, and karaoke. You will not leave disappointed.
From the moment I entered this establishment I knew I'd come back. The staff: friendly and helpful. The beer: Plentiful, varied and cheap. The food: Like if Zeus decided to throw a grandiose gala in my mouth. The husband went with the cheddar, pulled pork and jerk bbq sauce burger (Steve's Respect Burger) and I went with the delicious bleu cheese burger with peppered bacon (Erica's El Dorado). The components of this burger complimented each other better than Siegfried & Roy...or Simon and Garfunkel or...Ben & Jerry.....Basically, the burgers were bangin'. Also, take a look at the beer menu. They provide perfect choices depending on the season at a very reasonable price. Can't wait to refill at the filling station soon!
Freaking great, had the speed racer with tater tots... Hit the spot! My friend had the pulled pork burger and it was awesome as well... Good beer selection
So my aunt had originally recommended this place to me as she knows the owner. Sadly by the time it opened I was working in Midtown and didn't have time to head over. If only it had been opened when I worked downtown, because I know me and my coworkers would have been there every other day. I feel this burger place is something downtown was sorely missing: just a damn fine burger & beer joint. South Miami has it; Coral Gables has it; Midtown has it; South Beach literally has it; so its about time someone added some grilled beef to downtown. Its located right outside a metro rail station exit, as well as a relatively cheap parking lot, so getting there isn't an issue. Expect to be treated to an aged feel - you know, the place has been there a while and is a staple. While it isn't Tobacco Road, it blows that place out of the water. On to the food. Get a burger you won't find elsewhere. Peanut butter and bacon? Sure! Not a fan of peanut butter? Try nutella instead. Can't decide between the pulled pork or the burger? Get both. I did get the Respect Mobile - a juicy medium burger covered in pulled pork, barbecue sauce, and I added some ranch. We sat at the bar, which was good considering how sloppy this delicious burger is. We also got an order of the sweet potato fries with honey. I love this combo, so it was a must have. Their sauces, all homemade, are great and if you like spicy they have it - also with ranch or barbecue. I like that they aren't afraid to mix things together to create even better things. Lastly there is there fantastic beer selection - quality craft beers on draft and an even larger selection in bottles. I don't know about you, but I'm a fan of any place that has Leviathan on tap (so long as that place isn't Yard House).
I've fallen in love with a burger!!!  The menu is full of tempting choices, but my husband and I opted for burgers.  I had a regular burger with cheddar cheese.  It was just simple perfection on a bun.  My husband had the burger they created for the Sargento competition.  This  burger is topped with peppered bacon, colby-pepper jack cheese, balsamic caramelized onions, an egg, and garlic  mayonnaise.  This is the burger that has had me ooohing and ahhing every time I think about it.   I loved everything about this place.  The friendly staff, low-key atmosphere, good beer and food.  There simply aren't enough places like this in Miami.
Why oh why must this restaurant be close to my office? Chili cheese dogs, burgers, tater tots, pulled pork sandwiches... I just gained 5 lbs typing. The food is great. They also have a nice beer selection. You'll be rolling out of here a happy camper.
I can see the Filling Station & Garage Bar from my office window.  Day in and day out I have been gazing at their bold awning, but it never crossed my mind that I would find my favorite burger combo here.   TFS&G staff is very casual, yet professional.  They know their menu and seem to love their job.   Burger prices range between $7.48 - $9.82.  They are served with tator tots, but you can sub for sweets for only $1.87.  Their sweet potato fries are waffel fries, which I am personally not crazy about, but these particular ones are served with honey. I have never seen that combo, did not think it necessary, but it sure works very well. I ordered the Sara Super Sports and absolutely loved it.  Its a burger served with peanutbutter, pepper bacon, red onion and lettuce. This combo might sound super greasy and filling, but none of it was the case.  Everything tasted absoultely fresh and perfect.  The portions are not too big and I must agree with Monica that a bun selection would have been great, especially if you are serving 2 turkey burgers on the menu. Maybe whole wheat bun?? Of course, if you are not in the mood for burgers, they also have starters, pulled pork, Fillys, Chicken, Salads and more...   They have a burger on their menu with nutella ! Come again? Yes, Nutella.  I don't buy nutella so that I do not find myself eating the whole jar at once, so you know I will be back for this one when I am ready to splurge again.
Just got back home from this AMAZING place! Sooooo fuuuullll! If you want to get out of the ho-hum fast paced techno lifestyle that is Miami.; then I would recommend visiting this down to earth beer and burger joint. MAKE SURE TO ORDER THE TOTS!!!!!!!!!!! I cannot emphasize this enough. They do not have a shirt saying,'the best tot's in town" for NO reason! Bam. Great selection of beer, great service... If you like spicy then order 'the hearse'... come prepared! They also have a few games to play in which you will receive a liquid prize..... got to love it! In the heart of downtown MIA, they deliver until 3pm... otherwise you have to go yourself to pick up, or dine in. Either way it's a great place to escape and unwind. BTW ask about the daily specials; as they change weekly.
FINALLY made it over to The Filling Station! I say "finally" because we have attempted to go there several times but because of the hours they keep we had never been successful.. The waiter actually asked if it was our first time, we told him the story and he handed us two free beer tokens for next time. :-) On that note, great beer selection and prices too! We all went with the $3 Honey Brown Lager, great choice for the fall.   Creative menu. Had the D' Lorean (burger with nutella, caramelized onions, and bacon). Ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly but next time I'm planning on going with something a little more classic. Yes, there will definitly be a next time! In the near future.
So i've had this place on my bookmarks.. my to do list.. for probably close to six months.. but today.. I got caught in a storm..  hail of biblical proportions and was thus inclined to seek shelter.  Just happens that I was right by the Filling Station. Truth. Anyway talk about friendly staff!? Went there solo, left knowing some pretty chill people. Insanely helpful with my beer selection whilst I waited on the storm to end. Left.. Came back 20 minutes later with a friend for round 2!  The food edition. Lets talk about these burgers... I had what I will say, is the best seasoned, cooked, put together and flavorful (is that a word?) burger in my life! Of course my friend Jay begs to differ because he says HIS burger was the best one in life.. Mine was made by Mike (who's burger is his namesake 'Mike's Speed Racer') .. Jay had the Steve's Respect Mobile and we're just going to have to agree to disagree. Very chill atmosphere, welcoming people, great prices and specials...  I think I found my little spot in the city.. Cheers
OMG dude! This place is da bomb!!!! Okay, I usually do not start my reviews like this but it has been a while since I've fallen in love at first bite with a restaurant. I kept hearing good things about this place and finally I visited this joint on Tuesday night. Wow! Everything I wanted to have in downtown Miami, walking distance from me, just became a reality! Incredible burgers, awesome chicken wings and plenty of sandwiches. Oh, I forgot to mention the incredible beer on tap! The waitress was super friendly and kept our drinks refilled at all times. The tables and chairs are in need of a remodeling but I wouldn't touch anything else. Go try them...well, not if you are trying to do good with your diet.
Great freaking burger I had the Big Mack Truck because I saw all the pics on Yelp perfectly good and the seasoned fries are pretty awesome too. Seems to me that a lot of ppl get the tater tots, I'm not a fan of tots personally but with their seasoning I would give them a try. I would of gave 5 start but I don't think they had enough beers on tap.. Owell regardless ill be back here when I visit the fam in MIA
It's really hard to get creative with burgers. You have bread, meat, and some kind of filling if you are looking for something more than a "plain" meat sandwich. The Filling Station has figured how how to make the basic boring burger options and spin them to new heights. When you are outside, the restaurant seems very tiny, almost as if it was a small cave in the wall. When you step inside, you realize that it is much larger on the inside, especially because there is a second floor! They decor is very "rough around the edges", giving it a very gas station like feeling. The stairs are painted black, which is cool, but a massive safety issue in my opinion (If you are reading this management, please fix this!!) Service was slow. Dreadfully slow. At lunch, I didn't expect to be sitting there for ages. Took forever to take drink orders ...and then equally long for menu orders ...and for the food to arrive... and for the check to pay. I will dub this the Montessori style of serving tables. Through the whole visit, we had three different servers (that I can remember; maybe more) all chip in portions of the service. Although they were VERY friendly, their timing was just off!! Assigned tables would probably help alleviate this! Food was excellent. I ordered a "Speed-racer" burger which has spinach, caramelized onions, and an egg! The tater tots instead of fries were great too. Bottom Line: Give it a shot for lunch, but don't be in too much of a rush because there will be no "in and out" kind of speed unless something is done about the service coordination.
Ambiance: 3. I mean it's a garage bar in downtown Miami. Literally.  Nothing to get excited about, but does feature a nice upstairs with a couple TV's, foosball, air hockey, and a stage for Karaoke during the week. Props for those, but the seating feels isolated upstairs where we sat so and otherwise the place is pretty much run of the mill.  Unfortunately, no outside seating that I saw. Cost: 5. Super affordable especially for lunch, even if you ordered extra sides you probably still wouldn't eclipse the $15 mark.  Most sandwiches are $7-$9 and are massive + feature a nice side.  Beer options also looked plentiful & extremely reasonable. Food Quality: 4. Awesome variety of options, and everything was great.  Literally not one item our group of 5+ had was not raved about, and the side for most dishes was even better, either sweet potato waffle fries or tater tots.   If you're in the mood for fish try the Mahi Mahi, burgers try the one with bacon + pulled pork, or chicken try the Ferrari. Service: 3. It was definitely a free for all at lunchtime on Friday, but they did the best they could to seat us. Did have some issues, namely with 7 different waiters/waitresses helping us a different times -- you have to be ok with just asking whoever's walking by you for anything. When to return: A must try for lunch during the week, otherwise Karaoke Tuesdays? or if you need a quick game of air hockey.
I was out in Miami for a conference staying down town, and this place looked promising on Yelp. I was a little nervous when I first entered, but as soon as I got a table I was excited to be there. The staff was friendly and you could tell there was a community with a lot of the customers. I felt like I was on Cheers. The real reason I am writing this review is because of the two burgers I tried (Yes, I went back.) I had a burger with pulled pork on top of it. This wasn't the most amazing pulled pork I have ever had, but on top of a burger it was delicious. The burger was huge and filled me up. I did not have enough room to finish my tots. The second burger was just a regular hamburger with Nutella as the spread. I have never heard of this before either, but it was just as delicious. The nutella gave it a creamier taste, and was not weird at all. I would recommend either burger.
On a Saturday night, we were trying to find a place to have dinner near Brickell that was not crowded. We ended up crossing the Bridge from Brickell to Downtown for one of the Best Burgers in South Florida. The Filling Station has been in Downtown Miami. According to the W, one of its owners Adam is a local North Miami Beach guy. The Burgers were excellent! I ordered the waiter's suggestion, Steve's Respect Burger with Pulled Pork, Cheddar Cheese and Jerk BBQ sauce. It was a very lean, thick and piece of perfectly Burger. The Bun was soft and went well with the burger. I'm not originally from the South so I am just acquiring a taste for good pulled pork and this one one of the best I've had. The Burger comes with either Tater Tots, Sweet Potato or Regular Fries -- although the Tater Tots are their specialty (they were very, very good.) They have a great selection of beers and the waiter gave us some small cups to sample them before making our selection. I had the Dogwood which I thought was smooth and lite. They had a Foosball Table and Air Hockey Machine upstairs. The Foossball is Free and you can ask the Bartender for a ball. They have a nice table with beer cup holders. Unfortunately, one of my 2 Man Rod's legs was out with injury, but I still put away my Bro, 10-9 with 4 goals in a row to seal the win. A very nice spot for a Burger on Saturday night away from the Brickell Crowds. I understand many of the Downtown Workers Order Takeout or Delivery. There are some nearby parking meters but we parked in the 5 Bill Marriott Courtyard Parking Structure 1 block East of the restaurant.
Wow! This place was as good as advertised on Yelp! Went here tonight after work because I was craving a burger and based on the recommendations from Yelp, I was not let down! Arrived early and found the place largely empty so we pulled up a seat at the Bar and ordered some nice beers from the tap. They have a pretty good selection here for a smaller place so I was impressed. The reason we went here though (the burgers) were outrageous and extremely worth it! I split 2 burgers with someone else: first, we ordered the Mike's Speed Racer, which came with Spinach, Mushrooms, Jalapeno Jack, Bacon, and a Fried Egg on it. Man, was it excellent! I would definitely order this again. Second, we ordered the Steve's Respect Mobile Burger, which came with Pulled Pork, Cheddar, Jerk BBQ Sauce, and a side of Ranch. It was even better than the first! Both burgers also came with Tots for a side, which were great. They were nice and crispy and had that perfect crunch to them. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that enjoys a good burger and is in the area. It has a great vibe to it as it is a little dive-y, but they definitely don't serve your typical burger. I will be back!
Bartender Steve, is the man. He hosted a game of makeshift Pictionary for myself and several other bar patrons one night - and it turns out he's quite the artist. Yeah, Filling Station is that kind of place. With the demise of Bar Black (Black Bar?), Filling Station has become the de facto finish line for the monthly Critical Mass bike ride. Any business that can handle hundreds of hungry bike lovers at once, is a business worth supporting. The staff is one of the key assets. Food-wise, the BBQ pulled pork is a must, as well as any of their fries. I'll let them slide for their whimsical availability of Magic Hat beers. One of the tricky things to figure out is when they're actually open but hey that's downtown. Make sure to check out the upstairs and play a game of air hockey. And hey, if you truly grow to love the place and call it your version of Cheers, you can even have your own mug+tab stored on the shelf - ready for your hops and mouth only.
I have yet to find something on the menu that I do not like which probably explains why I visit on a weekly basis.   The Filling Station is best known for its burgers, but do not be afraid to venture off into the hot dog, pulled pork or their "filly" menu.  Or you can just double up and  have a burger with pulled pork or a hot dog with chili and knock out two birds with one stone! Highly recommend this place!
At this point I've been here several times and figured they definitely deserve my positive feedback. This place does pretty much everything well, so I'll break it down. Beer Great rotating selection and great prices. If you like craft beers, you like. They also have the occasional brewery night where you can try some less common beers and win some prizes from said brewery. Burgers They have some crazy concoctions here. My favorite is the definitely the Steve's "Respect" Mobile. I'll give a shout out to the Sara's Super Sport,  the peanut butter burger which is a different experience. Tots Tots are tots, but most places don't offer them, and ask for the dipping sauces and you'll finish every crumb. The people are super friendly and accommodating to both regulars and passerbys. Sometimes, just a little bit, service could be spotty. But, just sit back and enjoy another beer; there is no point of being in a rush when you are surrounded by the good people at the Filling Station.
I've eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. This place is not fancy it is very much a hole in the wall bar with great food.  Best tater tots ever, great burgers, pulled pork and wings......enjoy!!
This place is AMAZING!  Downtown is lucky to have it and everyone should check it out.   Great sandwiches.  The best tots (tater tots) in town, as the t-shirt reads. Every person I bring here enjoys the food.  I have also used them to cater at our office and they have an fantastic presentation with their sandwiches labeled and delicious cookies.   The garage bar is great.  Offering a cold beer after work is just what you need sometime.  Extremely friendly staff. GO EAT THERE!
I'd only heard great things. Every time it seemed a friend of a friend has a great experience. Until I decided to try it myself, of course. It took a whole minute for the waitress to arrive and take my order. Then, literally 50 minutes for my order to arrive. The food, which I took to go as I had to return to work, was 'no frills' OK. Honestly, nothing I couldn't prepare in my own kitchen in under 10 minutes. I paid $8.00 + tip for a thick slab of turkey, bacon and mayo on bread + tatter tots. You know... like in middle school. (Eye roll).
I try to make it over to The Filling Station somewhat regularly.  Have no doubt, if I weren't worried about my waistline I'd be making it over more often.  The burgers are delicious and creatively assembled.  The tater tots are great, but I like the sweet potato waffle fries the best.  Good selection of craft beers and ciders and the staff knows what they are talking about when the recommend certain beers to suit your tastes. The wait staff and bartenders are friendly and speedy.  Overall, it is a great eating experience.  I've turned a few friends on to The Filling Station and now it becomes an event whenever we stop by for lunch.
I absolutely love the food here. I've ate around 3-4 times. And each plate I try seems to be delicious and very fairly priced. The burger that contains pulled pork was to die for. I also tried their fried chicken sandwhich and loved its full flavor.  Their "party in your mouth sauce" wings are on point too. Love this place!
Destination Craft Beer Bar An Oasis in Downtown Brickell / Miami 10-20 on draft Rotating beers and breweries Lots of regular local regulars Food is basic American Pub with a number of healthy fish and chicken choices and salads. Prices are very reasonable. Locally owned and friendly staff. Go!
Amazing selection of tasty beers, and Gabby's DeLorean is fanDAMNtastic!!
The worst service I've ever experienced. I'm sure they're nice people. (maybe?) But, we arrived, waited for an hour and then some. They kept seating people before us that had arrived after us...despite our protests and the protests of the people in front of us (not sure why that was going on, at that point we hadn't given any attitude, and the servers were still being friendly). We finally snagged a table, and they took our order. We watched everyone around us that arrived after us get food. They forgot our order. Really no organization here. This may sound incredibly snobby, but the lack of service is unacceptable. How about having a sign up sheet so you actually have some idea who to seat? I ordered the portobello sandwich. It was actually horrible. I won't fault them as much on the food as the service though. Considering it's a burger place, I wasn't expecting too much from the sandwich. Conclusions: I'm sad. I was excited about this place, but I can't see myself going back.
So based on advice from Yelp, I planned my downtown Miami beer crawl and started here. And I'm glad I did.  If my beer crawl was the cast of "The Facts of Life" this would solidly be Blair at her hottest. First, the service was friendly and knowledgeable.  They had a lot of local beers on tap due to some type of South Florida beer festival so both the bartender and my fellow tipplers at the bar helped me select a variety of good beers such as a Chancellor and a Sunset Amber. For food, I decided on the Hamborghini which is a burger with fried salami, provolone cheese and pesto mayo.  Wow, why didn't I think of salami on burgers previously?  What a taste sensation!  Loved it.  Additionally, it was served with tots and they were perfect. Definitely recommend this place.  It's awesome.
How this great place ended up in downtown Miami, I will never know but thank [pick your favority diety] it's here.  Hands down the coolest joint around. Let's start with the staff ... central casting from a Phish concert with a Pandora feed that pushes a solid blast of blues and rock.  In my 20+ times here, everyone on the staff has been incredibly friendly and competent, even the poor Jet fan who is enduring yet another losing season.  You can go alone and eat at the bar or in a group...you won't be disappointed by the service. Next the food...solid American with a wide variety of innovative sandwiches and burgers, as well as some first class salads.  They advertise that they serve the best tater tots in town -- these are hand rolled Panamanian Gold nuggets that you can overdose on if you're not careful (kidding) -- these tots are heaven and the guy who complained he only got 18 instead of 19 on his plate is insane. The crowd --  I have only been here for lunch but the crowd is filled with regulars who banter with the staff on anything from football to the last election.  If you're new to the place - don't worry -- you will be treated like family. Lastly, the beer selection is tops; and they serve some small bottled wines for the occasional wine snob who doesn't drink beer. Winning points for the "Drink Me" sign.  Reminds me of my old band mates in NYC who put together a duet with the same name.  Better than They Might Be Giants.
The burger's the thing at this laid back joint in Downtown Miami's Central Business District.  Always good/great prices. Thousands flock here after monthly Miami Critical Mass ride.
I'd been here once before and had a good experience with the Bleu Burger and a (couple of) beer(s). Friendly service, too. Tonight, I walk up and it's PACKED: a bike-benefit-ride has just finished and seemingly all the participants are here. It appears hopeless but I walk in anyway. There was room at the bar, a beer was in my hand in less than a minute, and food arrived within five minutes of ordering. All that with attentive, but not clingy, service. If I lived here, this would be my go-to bar. As it is, I'll visit every couple of months and be damn glad of it.
Garage bar! Why didn't I check you out sooner?   The place is great and I can't stop telling people about it. They carry some pretty hard to find beers and have a good selection on hand. Everything is priced fairly and most importantly--the food is good. Yum *starts fantasizing*
WOW!! Great lil dive bar in the middle of downtown Miami! Good for beers and watching football games. Great staff and overall a very welcoming place. BEST TATOR TOTS IN DOWNTOWN MIAMI!!!
Joyously scruffy  joint with some great music, a serious beer selection and a tasty, gut-busting menu. I had Steve's Mobile Burger, a great patty topped with pulled pork, cheddar and a nicely savoury bbq sauce. A side of tater tots were tasty, too. Frankly, I wanted to eat everything on the menu so a repeat visit is a must. Special mention for the ace staff. Steve is a real gent.
Went last week for a fundraiser.  The staff was incrediblly friendly   Beer that Thursday night were $1!!   Friendly local crowd.  Good Bar food.   Fun place.   Those who came for the event were pleasantly surprised.
Expecting to have a four star experience. Only had a three star experience. The burger was cooked perfectly. I had the Super Sport. The aforementioned burger with creamy peanut butter and bacon. I was very disappointed in the bacon to burger ratio. There was one measly piece broken in half on a (seemingly) half pound burger. The meat was perfectly cooked medium rare, but could use a little bit of seasoning. The patty reminded me of Fuddrucker's. Oh yeah, the peanut butter. One word...odd. The combination kind of reminded me of eating a peanut butter sandwich and a burger at the same time. Maybe a side of jelly would help. I wouldn't order it again. But don't let that stop you from trying it. Loved the tator tots, although they are your standard, frozen bag variety. Disappointed I didn't read the special of the day...Pulled pork, mashed potatoes with fried pickles on a roll. Will have to go back to try that. I will return to try some of the other sandwiches.
I don't say this lightly, but I encountered the best burger I've ever had here. I believe Steve's respect mobile was the specific burger, which featured pulled pork as a topping on the burger.  I went back multiple times and tried other burgers and they were all great. The employees are very friendly and the service is good, which isn't always the case in Miami. I highly recommend giving this place a try.
If you've ever been roadblocked by hordes of bicycling assholes on a Friday night, it's likely they ended up at the Filling Station to quench their overarching case of smugness. But even though road cyclists and I don't see eye to eye on everything, and I actually have a full, healthy sperm count, at least we can agree on the Filling Station being fucking amazing shit food. When I say "shit food", I don't mean it tastes like shit, I mean it's... hang on, listen, this is meant to be a positive review, because I really dig this place, so let's just say that the food isn't optimal to help stave off death. It's a dive bar. It's a dive bar with really delicious, potentially afflictive, borderline narcotic food. They claim to have salads too, a claim which I could've confirmed by flipping the menu over, but I don't give a shit about that, because I'm an American. If I go to a dive bar for a burger, I expect the best damn backyard-style burger possible. That's why I order the Steve's "Respect" Mobile nearly every time I go. It's a grilled piece of cow topped with pulled pork, cheddar cheese, and jerk BBQ sauce. Back in college, I took a class called "How To Not Die", taught by a 97-year-old Japanese cyborg, and lesson one was "Don't eat both beef and pork at the same time, you fucking retard." It's now my favorite burger, no joke. I prefer BBQ sauce over ketchup, and while Jamaicans may not know a thing about economic stability or gay rights, they know their shit better than anyone when it comes to jerk seasoning. My little sis and I once went on a journey to find awesome Jamaican jerk chicken and ended up in a hole-in-the-wall up in North Miami where, I mostly shit you not, I watched the guy in the back pick out the pieces of chicken we were going to eat with his bare hands, and he then proceeded to lick his fingers clean. He then came over, took my cash with the same bare hand, handed me my change with the same bare hand, and finally grabbed a glob of bull cum with the same bare hand and artificially inseminated a cow. Chicken was bawlin' though. For the record, this was years ago, and after an unrelated bout of diarrhea so powerful it sounded like emptying out a mop bucket, I have learned to take restaurant hygiene a little more seriously. I've had both the tater tots and the sweet potato waffle fries. It's tough to choose between the two, because their tater tots really are as good as they claim they are, but sweet potato fries are hard to fuck up and generally pretty good anywhere. Wait, that statement is untrue, sweet potato fries are pretty easy to fuck up. Anything is easy to fuck up. If they had put oregano on them, they'd be terrible, but luckily they didn't do that. They refrained from assholishly fucking up their fries, so the sweet potato fries are good. The full name of this place is "The Filling Station & Garage Bar", which is ironic, because you have to park on the street. One time I saw a cab driver pull a gun on the guy who was working the parking lot across the street. The crazy part was how the guy reacted. He started going belligerent, taking his shirt off and yelling at the cabbie to get out of the car like a man. The list of things to say to a guy brandishing a gun at you is very short, and this guy managed to pull off the least-used option for my entertainment. I have [bad] video of the incident, but I'm apprehensive about uploading it since I'm genuinely afraid of the crazy guy finding out who I am and locker-room-whipping me with his rolled up shirt. If you want a solid burger, a $4 beer, and a cool atmosphere (bar games and shit included, by the way), make your way down to the Filling Station. PEOPLE WHO WOULD ENJOY IT: Burger lovers; dive bar lovers; Critical Massholes. PEOPLE WHO WOULD NOT ENJOY IT: The American Medical Association.
What was I thinking - going to a burger place and ordering a veggie sandwich? I ordered their Felix's Porschebello - what I thought would be a portabella burger but which had just a few cut up soggy mushrooms and random veggies in a large piece of white bread.  Service was pretty slow and not too friendly. Thank goodness I paid extra for the waffle sweet potato fries - and even still left pretty hungry!
I'm a fan because the burgers are good and service is very personal...but it doesn't beat the burgers at Father's Office in LA. I ordered the traditional burger (bacon, big fat meat, blue cheese) with tater tots on the side. The guy who served us said the tater tots were famous, but I thought they were pretty normal. Good place to eat at if you live here, but not if you're visiting! I did think it was cool though, that one of their specials for the day was a donut burger (patty = beef, bread = donut).
I love this place. I was introduced to this place my an old colleague who was part of the mug club. The beers they have are great, the food is awesome (even though nothing is good for you). They bring in special beers sometimes. But for an after work dive, this place is perfect. Come here, unwind, and maybe challenge the bartender to a chugging contest. I would say its the most impressive thing I've seen in awhile. No one can beat him. It's a super fun yet mellow place. The food, everything is good. You won't have anything to eat if you are calorie counting, but if you're not then everything is fair game. I'd close your eyes and pick at random. My only problem with this place is that I don't come here enough.
Great selection of beers and I am happy that they also have apple, pear and pumpkin ciders for those who prefer a sweeter experience! Tator Tots - YES PLEASE! Naked Chicken Wings - Dont mind if I do... Chicken Wings smothered in Carolina Sauce - I think I can make room for a helping AND Trivia Nights on Wednesday? - I am just going to move in to the lot across the street...Thanks!
Awesome whole in the wall in the middle of downtown.  Food is great we had for starters the chili with cheese and onions then i had the philly cheesesteak with fries  and my hubby had the quesadillas.  It was all so good, the service was excellent.  The only bad thing is the $10 parking in front but im sure if you park a couple of blocks off you may find something cheaper.
I ordered the Malibu Bleu burger and chili cheese tater tots. Both were delicious. The bread was fresh n soft. My son had the Mike's Speed racer which comes w a fried egg on top n seasoned french fries. He loved it. I ordered a corona beer to drink while I waited for my food but when I asked for another beer, our server said that was the last one. Very strange to have just ONE corona on a friday right before the happy hr rush starts. Anyway, I tried a diff beer n it was all good. Friendly n fast service. Will return!
I visited this place during this past weekend's Beer Snob Bike Crawl so they only had a limited menu available. I was kind of floored when I found out that it isn't opened on weekends. Seriously?? However, I have to say that what they did have, was really good. The hubs and I split their wings, chicken sandwich and pulled pork sandwich. The pulled pork was the clear winner, especially paired with a Blue Point Toasted Lager. Really yums! I also really liked the vibe - seemed really laid back and the kind of place you would feel at home at for happy hour after a hellacious day in the office. Unfortunately, as other yelpers have mentioned, the parking situation is awful and driving over to Downtown is always a mission. I'd like to make it out here again, but don't see it happening any time soon due to their odd hours of operation.
I can't believe I didnt write a review on them till now. This place is my local watering hole and I'm a mug club member. Best burgers in town AND best tots in town. They also have the best micro brew selection in town and always have something new on tap. All their burgers are good, I've had most and even ordered their 18 Wheeler 2 times... including a To-Go one, haha...it feeds 9 people roughly ;) Adam the owner is a great guy and Mike the Bartender always gives top notch service. I had a party here with 12 or so people and they took care of everyone in a timely manner, even for a Friday night.
Holy. Shit. 5 stars for its Nutella Burger, alone. Visited this place with a group and was looking on Yelp for a non-shady, generic American restaurant with a reasonable beer selection.  The walls of this place have definitely been ravaged by travelers.  Burger selection has that grimey, greasy but mildly delectable ingredients (e.g. sauteed, caramelized onions with hot mustard).  Can't remember what beer I had, but it tasted like something I've had before, but named something ridiculous so it sounds different, kind of like what they do in some bars in Silver Lake back in LA.  Either that or I'm just a beer amateur.   Whatever.
Food is good, classic burgers and sandwiches, and tater tots that remind me of grade school.  The jerk bbq sauce is awesome. Pub quiz on wednesdays is a lot of fun. Staff is very good and the place was clean. Good rotating drafts and a large selection of bottles.
The Filling station and Garage bar. I mean, the name says it all. I thought I was in Tennessee. There was CCR in the background (they love their swamp rock here), and there were Ron Paulistas'; assumingly. I love CCR, too. I also like burgers, and perhaps, so do you? This place has awesome burgers. Though not the best in Miami, the name of the establishment suffices itself. You will walk out feeling stuffed, full, and happy. The burgers are tasty, along with a couple of drinks, a very friendly staff, this place takes you away from anything that starts with 'El'. There burgers are pretty unique, ranging from classic Americana to a more challenging patty stuffed with Nutella. Not bad for a dive bar. Make sure to bring a baseball cap and a Southern accent.
This is a really great neighborhood bar where you can just go, belly up and drink a variety of well selected craft and local beers. The food is good, but definitely greasy and in no way shape of form healthy, But that's not why you're coming here! You're coming for guilty pleasures like the buffalo bleu cheese pulled pork and loaded fries. The atmosphere is really laid back and the place is well decorated. The erratic decor keeps me entertained while I drink beers from a can. Only drawback is the service can be iffy, and the cheap bar food gets the downtown pricing treatment. Tip: don't forget the tots.
I split the wings & the burger with a friend so that I could have the best of both worlds!  I was craving wings but you can't come to the Filling Station and not have a burger so we shared.  The burger was cooked perfectly!  Not runny, just pink and perfect!  Had the "not so plain" wings with the sauce on the side.  The party in your mouth sauce is HOT!!  Beware!  The Carolina honey sauce tastes like honey mustard.  The wings were delicious even without any sauce.  Subtracted a star because service was slow and people who came after us were getting their food before us.  Not sure if it was the kitchen's fault or our waitress.  Left very happy regardless.  We are already planning to go back!
Totssssss. They're so goooooooodfdddddfdssd. Seriously though, the bartenders were chill (it was lunch), the food was good, greasy, and reasonably priced. Again, get the tots. Go for the bacon.
Ever since I started working in Brickell I go there almost every Friday. The food is amazing. The tots are the tits. My favorite burger is the burger with pulled pork and BBQ jerk sauce. Delicious. Bye
While in Miami, I had read about the burgers and knew I just had to stop.  I like to think I find the tastiest food in the more off-the-wall locations.  Definitely glad I stopped here!    I tried the Sara's Super Sport and it is to die for!   Steve (our bartender) suggested it I wanted to kick it up - to try some mayonnaise on it and oh yeah, this pushed it over the top.    Combine that with an ice cold beer and some of their seasoned tater tots and it was filling and satisfying!   It's too bad we only got there once during our stay, there's something comforting about food done well in a down-to-earth relaxing atmosphere.  Try it once, you'll be back for more.
Interesting little whole in the wall.  Went one afternoon for lunch with a friend and had the "Italian Filly", it was decent.  The bread didn't taste too garlicy to me, but overall it was good.  All sandwiches come with tater tots which are really good. Would love to go back when I don't have to go back to work and try one of their many beers.
Service can really color one's experience at a venue and when the food is as excellent as it is at The Filling Station, it's not fair to patron or kitchen staff to have anything but incredible service at the ready. This is a tale of two experiences. The first was everything I could have wanted out of a beer and burger bar. The second made me never want to come back... and that's really too bad. The first time I came here was on a hot weekend afternoon. I found parking in a nearby hotel (hate driving Downtown almost as much as I hate doing so in Brickell), was late to meet my party (Miami!) and settled into the bar to get a grub on because I was starving. The bartender behind the bar... was not cool. Really. He was pretty surly, dismissive and, ultimately, flat-out rude to my party. I was weened on craft beer in Chicago. I know my isht. Well. A.) don't treat me as though I'm an idiot; B.) Don't treat me as though I'm an inconvenience. I am a customer giving you money and time; C.) If you don't like people, don't work in the service industry. After a tense 12 minutes at the bar, I thought I'd made a terrible mistake in coming here. Luckily, we transferred out butts to a booth and got some of the best service I'd had in a while. Our waitress was chatty, smart-assed, fun, and knowledgeable about the menu. Within a few minutes of meeting her, I had a Bells (from draft) and an Oil Pan at the ready. What's an Oil Pan? Glad you asked. It's fried pickles and onion rings w/ ranch and bbq sauce. It's every bit the fried deliciousness you would think it is. For some horrible reason, one of my party couldn't eat all the fried goodness. He chose the sweet potato fries with honey dipping sauce. I ate those too... but I was only getting warmed up. For the main event, I chose (with the help of our waitress) the 3 Pigs sandwich -- hoagie stuffed with pork, peppered bacon, honey ham and cheddar cheese sauce to which I added onions, peppers and mushrooms. Good. God. Almighty. While every bite was pure pork pleasure, halfway in, my breathing got shallow, I developed some serious meat sweats and I debated the folly on ordering such a sandwich. The folks in the kitchen do not skimp on ingredients and this sandwich was packed with flavor and food. Not even another cold beer could help me stuff any more food in my mouth... so I thought. Seeing a table of mostly men defeated by their food, she taunted us into getting some cake. I was up for the challenge even though I nearly collapsed for doing so. Not only was the food wonderful, the company fun, and the vibe cool... but my waitress made me want to come back and tell my friends. Fast forward to my second visit. I came with another group of folks (called in advance) and even walked in with a couple of Brewjas who were owners of the fabled mugs on the back bar wall. I was in the mood for some cold beer and delicious food. I noticed the same mean bartender from my first visit was behind the bar and -- surprise of surprises -- he was being mean. Our party took up two high boy tables, sat, talked amongst ourselves, was attended to by bus boy and waitress and things were fine. So far. Not so much in the eating mood, I thought I'd take advantage of the fact that the tables were packed and bar was dead to amble up to the bar and make an order. Remembering him from before (and maybe be remembered me), I took notice of the time. Despite the bar being slow (as in the people at it were talking, not drinking and the bartender wasn't pouring any drafts or grabbing any bottles), it took 11 minutes for him to acknowledge me, despite me giving the head's up nod, smile, wave of my hand, and bar lean-in. I wasn't happy. Returning to my table without a beer, one of the Brewjas went up to the bar and attempted to grab a beer in her mug. Nine minutes later for her, she returned to the table and told us that she wanted to leave. She was upset and confused and contemplated talking to the owner because she couldn't believe she was, effectively, denied service at 'her' bar. I was ready to leave as well. My good mood was replaced by a bad one and my heart was a little heavy. I genuinely like what they have going on at The Filling Station but I can't patronize a place with staff who is so consistently rude. It's too bad. It's a loss for both of us.
I ordered a regular burger and a coke. One thing that stunned me was the amount of cheeses available (I don't remember how many but I asked for pepper jack and it was delicious.) The burger and all its toppings were fresh, and as another reviewer here noted, the bun-to-patty ratio is perfect. Tater tots were a nice change of pace but seriously, I prefer fries. I wanna go back and try the burger with pulled pork on it -- I forgot the name. Two big flaws - only open M-F from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and parking in downtown sucks.
I just moved into the downtown area so I decided to wander around the new neighborhood on a Friday and check out the local eateries and bars. I had heard from a few people that the Filling Station was good so I stepped in. The atmosphere was fun and relaxed. I ordered the pulled pork (to-go) and a glass of beer for the wait. The pulled pork was delicious and a ton a food. The tater-tots were amazing too. The next week or so after I brought some notoriously picky-eater friends there to try it and they loved it too! Every time they come downtown to visit us they want to go. Will definitely be eating here more, just wish it was open later so I could get some tater-tots after a night of drinking. Mmm.
Meh... An average burger.  Based on the reviews I was expecting more.  I toyed with the idea of the burger with Nutella and onions, but the waitress recommended against it.
Looking for a place with a friendly staff, good beer selection and good burgers? Go no further. Nice place to hang out and enjoy good food and a beer. Highly recommended!
Have had this place a few times now and I love it.   They have a great menu if you are in the mood for a burger that's out of the ordinary.   I like the burgers here but the chicken sammies are the cats' pajamas.   Also I'm a fan of the tots.   Food is reasonable but parking is an issue so get delivery!!!
tots. tots. tots. tots. Well done, Filling Station. Been a couple of times now and has yet to disappoint.  My absolute favorite menu item is the Steve's "Respect" Mobile- Burger, pulled pork, cheddar, jerk bbq sauce, side of ranch.  Yup, ab lot of food going on there, but really freakin, finger-lickin, pick every piece that falls off the burger up and put it in your mouth, good. Great ambiance. Real fun on Wednesdays for Trivia. if you don't know, now you know.
Came here a couple of weeks back and I have to agree with the rest of the reviews, it was truly amazing. I had the burger with the egg and spinach and it was scrumptious. It was huge! I couldn't even finish it.... And the tots? Fugetaboutit! When they say they have the best tots in town, they ain't lying. The beers are also really good, they had 10% IPAs for 5 bucks!! WOB can kiss my you know what. Overall, great experience! Good atmosphere, good service, good food, what else can you ask for?
The service here was the best service my husband and I received while on our recent trip to Miami. Our waitress was awesome. I didn't love my sandwich, although I think that I just ordered the wrong thing. This place seems like a burger place and I should have ordered a burger. The tater tots were amazing, they weren't kidding when they said that they're the best in town. My husband got a burger and loved it. The menu is pretty cool (A burger with peanut butter and bacon, a burger topped with nutella...) and unique. I would definitely go here again but next time I would order a burger instead of a boring chicken sandwich.
Was working for a Redbull Flugtag event and looked on Yelp for a recommendation. Filling station was highly recommended for burgers and beer and it did not disappoint. Had the Spiciest burger on the menu and was great. The Cheesy tater tots with Jalapeños were also great. Beer menu was top notch. The decor was cool, waiter was super nice, and atmosphere was hip.
Filling Station has possibly the best burgers I've ever had in Miami, and I've been to quite a few great burger spots. This one definitely takes the cake. Small place, but real trendy. A very nice variety of beer. A real nice and cool staff that work there. Best burgers in Miami!
The bar is open now! It's a cute little bar with some cool beers I never heard of...but they were yummy! We went for happy hour the other day, which was from 3:00-9:00....how awesome is that? Yay!
I was in Miami for work this week staying at the Intercontinental Hotel. The Filling Station was a short walk away so I decided to give it a try. I ate at the bar. The Magic Hat I requested was out; not that big of a deal to me. I ordered the Hamborghini burger. I ordered it medium and it came in at medium well. The burger was really good nonetheless. The bartender was really friendly and gave me some places to go for a run to work off the meal. I would definitely return, a cool easy going spot.
Great spot. If you are downtown it should be on top of your list for a good burger.   Has a college town bar vibe.  With college town prices too.  Its grimy inside, but in a very charming way.  There is a great inventory of craft beers, with Brooklyn and Bell's brewery selections prominently featured.   Very good burgers.  I went  for the traditional "Caddy" burger - but you can go nuts and get nutella,  peanut butter, and or pulled pork  on it if you are  feeling adventurous.    I surprisingly did not have the overstuffed stomach pains I usually get after eating B&B either.  Their chicken wings are supposed to be bomb.   I'll be back soon for some Monday Night football.
Honestly, this place has my favorite burgers in town. So many creative and delicious options that you can't go wrong. If you're not too adventurous, their regular Cheeseburger is just AMAZING! While it's not on the menu, the Sargento burger is the absolutely most delicious thing on the planet: fried egg, balsamic vinegar onions, and a thick delicious slice of cheese? YES PLEASE. The Hamborghini is just top quality delicious! The wings are also amazing! Usually there's a trade off as to what a place does well and what they don't, but the Filling Station delivers on all fronts. I've been here numerous time and have never had anything but a great time with amazing food. They also have some of the best beer selection in Miami. Other bars may have more beers, but the Filling Station has QUALITY beers as well as more popular selections. The staff is friendly, almost always expedient, and they know their stuff in the beer department, too.
KInd of a dump, and the homeless sleeping on the street don't add to the ambience, but the pulled pork burger and sweet tater fries  were worth it!  I'll be back for sure.
Nice place to get a snack in the city. The food is average, but the tater tots are amazing.
My god...words cannot describe how absolutely amazing this place is, but i will do The filling Station & Garage Bar a great disservice if I do not try to portray the gastronomic excellence that they produce. It has taken me a while to write this review because I wanted to truly intake a variety of menu items and neither has disappointed. Let me just say the burgers here are the very best I have ever had and the exotic ingredients that they use result in an explosion of flavors. Sarah's Super sport is my absolute favorite (the first time I bit into it my eyes filled up with tears), whoever thought of bacon and peanut better together on a burger is an absolute genius (thank you Sarah). The Pulled Pork burger is a close second, that jerked BBQ sauce is unlike any other I've ever had, if they could bottle it and sell it, I would be their primary customer. Needles to say all the rest of the burgers are insane as well (they have one with Nutella!). Don't get me started on the tater tots, those little fritters are absolutely addicting and the seasoning they use allows them to maintain the fact that they're the best in town. The atmosphere is relaxed and the getup is pretty awesome, pictures of loyal customers with their wide smiles eating those delicious burgers, plastered all over the walls and tables. They also have an immense variety of craft beers (which is the right way to drink beer)! The Filling Station & Garage Bar won't even come close to any other bar/pub that you ever been to and like I like to say, there's my life before the Filling Station and my life after the Filling Station.
Had lunch here today- well ordered from them. I tried it out cause all I heard were great things about this place- and on yelp too. This place is great- again a bit pricy for burgers and sandwiches but it's a legit lunch and a pretty good dinner. I love discovering hole in the walls like this place. Had the porschebella mushroom sandwich and my friend had the spicy spicy burger. Great choices and who doesn't love tater tots. Can't wait to try this place again!
What a wonderful find! Staff is super friendly...portions are very healthy at a great price and quality very good! I'll be back!!!
Absolutely loved it. Looks like a cheap place but man was it awesome. Had the buffalo crispy sandwich and it was probably the best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever had. Awesome service, the rest of the family loved their dishes, highly recommended!!
As mentioned many times, the burgers are excellent. I went with two friends for lunch. We work downtown. Two of us had the Caddy burger, the other, a Thai salad. I don't know the wisdom of ordering salad in a burger joint! But she said it was "ok". My beef (er.....) is with the service. Not that courteous service is common in this town (it is not), but the server was obviously miffed by my requests. It began when the hostess asked for drink orders and I requested water with lemon. She said, "Ok, one lemonade." She misunderstood, but lemonade sounded refreshing so I didn't correct her, but asked if there was sugar in it (as opposed to Splenda). She said there was no sugar. The server (not the hostess) brought the drinks and when I tasted it, it clearly had sugar. Had I been diabetic, that might have been a real problem. I said, "Excuse me, the other woman said this didn't have sugar, but it has sugar." The server said, "No, it doesn't." I said, "Yes, it does." She said, "No, it's Country Time. It doesn't have sugar." I said, "Country Time has sugar." She insisted, "NO! It doesn't." Why she stood there arguing with me, I have no idea. Bad form, even if I was wrong, which I was not. At any rate, I asked her, "Is it Splenda?" And in a sarcastic tone replied,  "Do you want me to take it in the back and check to see if it has Splenda?" Good grief, all I wanted was a drink without 500 calories. She should have just returned it immediately instead of arguing with me! But did I mention that this town sucks for service? I told her to take it and just bring me water with lemon. I got a glass of water. I'm trying to watch my weight. I realize burgers are not generally diet food, but I try to conserve calories where I can. So I asked for a side salad with the burger. In my mind, I wasn't picturing fancy, lettuce with tomatoes would have been fine. She asked, "What kind of dressing?" I asked her if she had Caesar. She did. I got Caesar salad. Whatever. I ate the lettuce. I grew up in the restaurant business. I am sympathetic to inexperience (we all have to learn at some point), but not attitude. Here, I got both. But the burgers are awesome.
Great atmosphere love this joint!!!!
Yummy
Filling Station Part Deux - and my Server was Max! I'd had the delivery service and boy had they delivered.  And then I strayed! I cheated! I went to other burger places.  I sunk my teeth into other patties and toyed with the greasy fries of other wanton beef on buns boutiques that promised meaty satisfaction but rarely delivered (in either medium or rare).  So when a colleague suggested we dine at the actual temple of juicy burger heaven - well if you told a Mormon teen you were gonna pay for his way to Salt Lake you think he'd say no?! [kinda hoping the simile is apropos considering our national elections are in four days.] When Colleague said lets head to the FILLING STATION I bet you could hear my "well HELLYEAH" 'round the block.  OK, we're in the office so I mighta whispered it but my intentions were fueled by happy emotions.  So what did we get?! Well we got Max as a server - that's always a plus!  We got the Oil Pan which was the best fried pickles I've had since I left the Midwest - and onions rings so crunchy - and so piping hot each time you bit into them - I could have sworn I was back at my Woolworth counter of my youth in Saint Louis.  Colleague had a burger that seemed to do the trick for her; the last time I saw a woman throw her head back in such ecstasy she was in the throes of a well timed... well I digress... you get the picture.  Daring to branch out I went for the fried chicken sandwich and kiss my grits - it was a yummy taste of the South and its fried bounties.  It goes without saying... we'll be back.  In fact they have a pretty spacious upstairs.  Uh... can I move in?
I never thought I would say this..but I do believe I had a religious experience eating one of their fried pickles! I had to say it! This little hole in the wall bar is one of Miami's hidden gems...I would classify it a a craft beer bar/restaurant as they have a decent selection of craft beers. Now let's talk about the food! The wings are quite fantastic and their pulled pork sandwiches I would have to say are famazing! Accompanied by these magical little tater tots that will catapult you back in time to 3rd grade when your mom used to make you the Ore-Ida variety! These are much better and seasoned to perfection. My pulled porksandwich's namesake happened to be my waitress and a total sweetheart! My friends rave about the burgers (which I plan to have upon my return) Check this quirky ambianced place stat you won't regret it one bit!
Get this out of the way first - filling station is bad for you. But oh, it's so, so good. Steve's respect mobile, hamborghini, and tots, may be the things clogged arteries are made of, but I'm pretty sure they're also the things (along with unicorn tears and leprechaun beards) that dreams are made of. Best burgers in Miami, PERIOD.
**** 4.5 stars **** I was a bit bedraggled when heading in for my last meal in downtown Miami at The Filling Station, but it had been near the top of my list of places to try the whole time, so I was determined to make it happen before catching a taxi over to Miami Beach for the rest of my trip. I was rewarded with very friendly service, some decent bar food, a great beer selection, and undoubtedly one of the most unique dining venues I would visit during my stay. Describing The Filling Station to an uninitiated person can be a bit of a challenge. The second part of their name, Garage Bar, is mostly appropriate as you enter (yelp.com/biz_photos/mYo-…), because it does resemble walking into a converted garage, or rather, many elements you would expect in a garage placed into a big playhouse for boys. The bar off to the side brings in more of the filling station mood, with inlaid license plates on the bar itself (yelp.com/biz_photos/mYo-…), and gas station paraphernalia adorning the walls all around. Somehow it's done in a way that looks a bit organic and not too tacky. Determined to give myself heartburn, or send myself halfway to Hell trying, I laid out my eating agenda for the afternoon with one high intensity item after another. I began with the bacon, jalapeno, and melted cheese tater tots (flickr.com/photos/wedoit…). These were one of many different tot options here, and certainly some of the best I've had anywhere, but I gotta stick with our very own Galaxy Hut as my reigning champion with their chili-cheese version. The crispness of these tots is pretty much unmatched though; they were certainly very well prepared. My interlude provided very little relief in the glass of a Harpoon Leviathan Imperial IPA. The prices here are incredibly fair, compared to other bars in the area, with most bottles and cans running you under $5 (yelp.com/biz_photos/mYo-…). The draft selection is modest (yelp.com/biz_photos/mYo-…), but all quality. Having had my fill of Jai Alai from the past few days I was ready for something bold to stand up to the burger I was about to consume, and the Leviathan fit the bill at 10% ABV and loaded with hops. The real reason I came to The Filling Station though still awaited me, in the form a hearse. The Hearse Burger(flickr.com/photos/wedoit…), to be more precise, topped with fresh jalapenos, and jack cheese, and a salsa of sorts made from habaneros, scotch bonnets, and chipotles, served with a  side of sweet potato waffle fries and honey to dip. Aside from an imposing challenge feast on the menu issued toward Adam Richman of Man Vs Food, this is easily the most intimidating menu option here, but as an experienced chile eater I found it to be somewhat underwhelming. Make no mistake, there is significant heat to be found here, but I wish the chilies had been ground into the patty to make it more integrated, rather than simply being diced and mixed and piled on top. I honestly wasn't that blown away by the quality of the burger on its own, very standard fare. The sweet potato fries were very good though, and a rare treat finding them waffle cut style. I totally get the honey pairing, but for me it was too much, ketchup is where it's at. This seems like a marvelous place for drinking, and I wouldn't be surprised if it's packed full of university students at night. It really helps that the bar food is well above average too, and I wish I lived nearby so that I could sample the huge list of creative sandwiches. The bartenders and cooks were all chatty and quite cordial, and one of them even gave me his cell number in case I had any more questions about where to go for great beer during my stay. If I were a Miami native this would easily be one of my most frequented stops.
Good burgers, not the best I've had but a solid choice in the downtown area. They have a good selection of beers also.
Went back and had their burger with peanut butter.  What?  Yeah, a burger with pb.  And it was sooo good!  Why the heck hadn't I thought of that before!?  Anyway, my rating still stands; a new fav of mine in Downtown Miami.
I was looking for a good burger in the Brickell area - somewhere new - and stumbled onto this place.  I went on a Saturday night around 8pm and found the place to be rather empty.  My boyfriend, roomie and I sat down and were immediately greeted by the out-going staff.  We ordered a few beers and The Oil Pan appetizer (fried pickles...woah yeah!).  Our burgers came out rather quickly and I thought were quite yummy.  The guys didn't like the chargrilled taste on the outside but I did!  I had The Hearse, which was not as hot as expected, but delightfully spicy and had a good flavor.  My boyfriend got a burger with chili and the roomie had whatever burger comes with peanut butter.  Very interesting... Dinner rang up at $60 (including tip) so we decided to hang around since there was karaoke and our pockets weren't empty.  After getting a good look at the place, it really was your typical dive diner/bar, but there's something quite cozy about it.  The walls are littered with pictures of pleased patrons and their burgers, and there's random decor.  The upstairs (where they host karaoke) has a good amount of tables, foosball and air hockey. I love these types of places; good fried food and burgers, good beer and chill atmosphere.  Great late night spot!!
This was a great place.  We were Looking for a good burger and beer.  Read the reviews and was so glad we did.  Great reasonable prices and more importantly good food and crafted beer.   The staff was great.  Check it out, you will not be disappointed.  Only wish they would open one in Austin, Tx.
There's nothing I don't like about this place and every time I go enforces it more. There's something so cozy about their bar. Perhaps it's because the whole place is small, mismatched and home-like in that way. They have every beer you can imagine asking for at other bars - especially craft beer - and it's all $4 now!?!?! I would have never imagined someone other than Zeke's could pull it off. Cheers to the owner for having the cojones to do it. And on top of everything, are they inventive with their food or what?? The burgers are crazy but their pulled pork sandwiches are where it's at!! And I recommend the chicken wings too. Especially perfect are the tater tots. Their salads are pretty great too. It's those darn homemade croutons. The last time I went there was karaoke upstairs. There was a going away party and the place was packed. While the wait staff seemed slammed our waitress always made sure to run by and check in. I was shocked by how quickly our food came out. Once upstairs, where there is no bar, a waitress came by often to take drink orders and brought them in a timely fashion. Can't complain, can't complain! This place is a great neighborhood spot and now that they're open late on the weekends, my secret weapon when people ask where to go.
Fun place, with good, messy pulled pork sandwiches and awesome tater tots.  Kudos to the Filling Station for being one of the first of its kind to establish itself downtown.  And the open hours have gotten better as more people started living in the neighborhood.
Without a doubt my favorite downtown/brickell local watering hole.   The food is delicious......and their tots are truly the best in town. Tons of unusual burger choices but they make it work.   More importantly, they have a really solid craft beer selection that rotates frequently. It's not quite World of Beer level but unlike WOB they actually serve food, have a divey but chill and unique atmosphere and a really laid back, friendly staff. Both the beer and food are EXTREMELY reasonably priced. It's a true locals spot, and i always end up having good conversations with total strangers whenever i go here. It's become kinda my Miami version of Cheers...My only complaint...They need to be open later! Like almost everything in downtown by 10:30-11ish they're done for the night.
Went here last night with a few friends for a birthday celebration, really dug the place. if you sell 3 dollar pints of magic hat at your bar and Delicious deep-fried tater tots,you've won me over. i ordered this crazy chicken sandwich called the J's special: holy god, this was epic. Fried chicken breast dipped in buffalo sauce with bacon, mozzarella sticks, and melted Swiss. the best heart attack sandwich I've ever had.
Have ordered lunch twice from there so far. Found it on yelp.  And it's good. Friendly when ordering over the phone and in person.  First time had the Hot Rod to go.  They forgot to give me blue cheese :( and then my mouth was on fire! But I consider that to be a good thing.   Second time had the Stingray, a mahi-mahi sandwich. The fish, spinach and sauce was excellent! But the bread was a little too thick for my tastes, so I ended up eating it sans bread.  Still very good and gotta love the tater tots.
Good service and inexpensive food. I ordered the most basic burger and it was decent as well as the tots. The food was 3 star worthy but an extra star for friendly staff, good beer list and a surprisingly small tab at the end of the meal. Next time I'll try one of the other more adventurous burgers.
the filling station sure is filling... placed an order to go and it was ready in a reasonable time. had the stingray sandwich (mahi mahi) which was great and very fresh. service was very friendly. this is a great lunch spot!
I love you guys. Wish I wasn't moving so I can try to get a spot on your wall! Ok...love their beers. They keep on bringing in new drafts. Love their burgers. Love the sweets! I love their turkey burgers and pulled pork sandwiches. The guys behind the bar are awesome. Just cool ass dudes, especially at night on weekends. Not the best place to catch the game but this place is about kicking back, grabbing a nice beer and burger, and not worrying about a thing. I try to come here twice a month. I will miss you guys dearly!!!
I came here on the WhatMiami Brickell Pub Crawl, I would of never heard of this place without it. Its kind of tucked away near the Knight Center, They had a bunch of good craft beers on tap and by bottle, they made sliders special for the event that were really good. The bar itself is pretty small but they have an upstairs area for eating, some booths downstairs and tables outside. The beers were pretty cheap for Brickell standards which is a plus. I for sure would come back here if I were in the area.
Great food,  beer and service.  Price is great too.
I have been here several times and there is nothing negavtive I can say. They have an amazing beer selection...the burgers and pulled pork sandwiches are ridiculous!! The D'Lorean burger is my fav! Seriously, a burger with bacon and nutella! Sweet potato waffle fries with honey! Tater tots! Do I need to say anymore?! The service is great...feels like a modern Cheers! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
Just went here yesterday and had a great experience. When you walk in you experience a "laid back" "homey" sort of feel. Everyone in my party enjoyed their food. The restaurant seems happy to please its customers, both with excellent service, and by taking suggestions for possible new menu items, and accommodating even the most complicated dietary needs. Highly recommend the tater tots!
It was a Little Busy because of a cycle party!! So really took a little while to find a table, but the Food was AMAZING!!! The wings to die for!!! The burgers, hotdogs, and Tator tots perfect and delicious!!! My new Fav spot Thank you guys five stars for you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have come here for lunch several times and it is always a hit or miss.  The tator tots are always excellent as were the sweet potato fries.  However, against my gut feeling, we all decided to have Mahi-Mahi fingers with the house ranchalada sauce that came with cole slaw.  When the four of us, who never agree on anything, agreed that this was by far the worst lunch we have ever had in our lives pretty much describes the experience.  The cole slaw tasted sour, bitter and over seasoned with perhaps oregano.  The Mahi-Mahi fingers were greasy, tasted like this hot sauce that you would not buy for home use, much less restaurant use.  We promptly asked for ranch sauce to drown the taste, we were bought a brown over seasoned "home made" ranch sauce.  NASTY.  The blue cheese sauce we ordered next finally drowned out their signature "ranchalada" sauce.  My friend, who has never liked the food here is finally relieved since we all agreed for once that this was by far the worst experience ever.
If you love greasy foods, this is your place. Plus they have tater tots, waffle fries and onion rings (all of which are delish!). Great wings, burgers, and sauces. Endless cups of tea. You leave feeling like a fat ass - and you are - let there be no doubt! BUT who cares? You only live once and as far as gluttony goes, this is a great place to try.
This place is great! Everything on the menu sounds awesome, I had the Humvee wrap and the sweet potato french fries which come with honey for dipping, everything was delicious.  The beer selection is also great and the atmosphere is casual and relaxed, i loved it!
I've been coming here since 2011 and still have not tired of it.  Great food and rotating beer selection, and the staff is really friendly. I usually stick with my favorite spicy burger, the Hearse, but I've ventured out of my comfort zone and tried other things.  The Nutella burger was not up my alley (not bad just too overwhelming for my taste buds) but I did enjoy the peanut butter burger. Definitely one of my favorite Miami staples for burgers or even just as a bar.  Although I must say that it's hard to come here and not eat anything.
What a great hideaway this is for bar food and some good draft beer! I went here with a group after work and will definitely be going back. An old, rustic "hole in the wall" with character! We chose a table upstairs near the foosball & air hockey tables! TVs playing both baseball and football, which was a great start. We ordered regular appetizers, but what REALLY stands out are the cheesy tatertots...with chilli...yes, unreal! I am not a junk food 24/7 kind of person, but when I do eat greasy food, I like it to be worth it and the cheese tots definitely were! In my opinion, great selection on draft beers, and I chose to have a few Palm Belgian Ambers. For my meal, I chose their philly cheese steak (which coincidentally, also came with tots!) and it did not disappoint. Looking forward to going back and trying one of their burgers! I'll write a quick tip when I do!
I like burgers and this was on the top of my list along with the Shake Shack. The interior is more pub than restaurant and the service is efficient yet stern. The burger was excellent and a fare size. Definitely recommended, though not a place to spend a romantic night out.
I went to eat there and like one star says.... Eek! Me thinks NOT! So I am just going to stick to 1 star. If I were to have to go to this place and eat or die, I would more than likely choose to die. Not only was the food and service bad, but this place smelled like Miami sewer system let loose flatulence from a Sasquatch right into the dining area. We were going to sit at the bar but quickly chose the other side because water dripped right onto my bosses head. We looked down and the floor suprisingly had a puddle right where he was violated by the ceiling drippage (Who know's what that stuff is!) Our order: Burger... overcooked, flavorless... meh. Old tomato... Bacon, half was soggy half was so overdone it tasted like cardboard. Just no. Dont get toppings, add salt. Sweet potato fries were waffle fries and pretty burned up but served to me anyway because I guess that should be ok with honey? Philly which was just as flavorless as the burger. Tots were kind of nice because it was the only good thing sat on the table. They too had a flaw, some were soggy and some were so oily dry it reminded me of when I re-fry french fries at home. There was maybe a few chicklets of potato still alive in there, but none the less felt like a round chip with a gooey center. ew nevermind about being kind of nice even though there were a "few*" though that were tasty. Wings tasted like I was biting into a dry lemon with salt and sauce. Chicken meat flavor = ZERO whatever they marinade it in = What it taste like and not intense in a good way, but intense as in "WHY? WHY do that to a poor chicken wing?" way. I dont get it, is the Jerk sauce suppose to be hot or mild? The jerk here, I guess, is mild. Why is the chicken so dry!!!! Ive eaten some pretty intense jerk before and I am just expecting hot. So maybe Im wrong. Chicken sandwich, just as dry as the wings with the same burned sweet waffle fries :( (Im so sorry Kat, I owe you lunch) No dessert? The wait... 45min The service SUCKED. Ive been to some diners where I could get a refill without an attitude. Sounds nice huh? Not only that but where I was sitting you can see strait into the kitchen... Upon looking, I see a barehand wipe of brow sweat and then the same bare hand serving up plates and grabbing food as though the system of water, soap, scrub, dry, GLOVES is of no relevance... Dont grab your hat and then palm my burger. GROSS. Never going back here. Not even for the hot beer.
Took up a friends advice and ordered from here to go. The jalapeño burger was to die for. The chilis cheese tatter tots was amazing. If your look for amazing comfort food this is the spot. Can't wait to try it in person to enjoy the vibe and the craft beer. :-)
Yeah I go here a lot. Love the staff, love the beer, love the burgers (probably in that order). It's my neighborhood bar and every time I go, I feel like the luckiest guy in the world.
After a day of traversing through HistoryMiami, I checked the mobile app for a close place to grab lunch. Conveniently located just outside the Knight Center metromover station or two blocks away from the Miami mover station, I stopped in for a quick bite. Granted, I could have walked, but hell no not in summer. I sat at the bar, which is decorated with various license plates from different states, a fun touch. The bartenders and servers were super sweet! The kind of ladies you'd like to buy baked goods for. Or wish you had as your mom or mother-in-law. They let me know their drink specials. Super-attentive service without being annoying. $3 beers didn't break my wallet. Menu has plenty of mouth-watering options. Gut-busting sandwiches, bulging burgers, fries, and cheesesteaks. A heart-attack waiting to happen here. Standard bar food fare. I ordered a Mel's Po Boy ($9-$10) as I watching the World Cup on their many flat screens. I thought it was pretty neat that this place wasn't dead midday. Plenty of people were oooh-ing and ahhh-ing at the plays on screen. Great place for groups and drinks. Safe to say that people were pleasantly drunk at 3PM on a Saturday. NOTE: They do take-out orders. The Mel's Po Boy was okay. Bland, hulking, and filling. I wish my pork had more flavor. After a while, it tasted like I was eating meat I could have made at home but without seasonings. It was a bit like chewing wet meat. I wanted so much to like it, too. I like the tator tots mine came with, which was like crack. Sweet, smooth on the inside and super crunchy and well-seasoned on the outside. It was still piping hot after I devoured the sandwich. The service was great, the atmosphere was fun, and the food was affordable. You just cannot beat midday specials. But, the po-boy was disappointing in taste. Ample seating. Filling Station definitely deserves another visit and was such a fun experience.
The quality has remain consistent, and I visit the filling nearly every week now.
Great atmosphere, very friendly and chill place to hang out. They have a wide selection of beers with great drink specials. The burgers and wings are also delicious.  I really like coming here on Wednesday evenings for Trivia. That's when the place gets really wild. On other evenings they may also have local bands playing. Forget the frills.  If you're looking for good food, beer and a chill hangout spot, this is it!
I've tried a lot of burgers in my life. None were as unique or creative as the "D' Lorean" which came smothered in Nutella and peppered bacon. Nutella on a burger you ask?! Gross you say?! This was really one of those unique flavor combinations that balanced out just nicely. The sensation was one not dissimilar to a very sweet honey mustard sauce on chicken- it's sweet but perfectly countered by the salt and pepper of the bacon. MUST TRY for any adventurous eater, and especially one who loves burgers.
One if my all time favorites! I love the atmosphere, I love the people, I love the beer, and I loveeeeeee the food. I may be biased because the owners are Florida State fans, buttttt come on this place is great. They rotate the beers pretty often and always have good specials. You can't go wrong with the tater tots or any of the burgers. I will list my faves: -Hamborghini with the fried salami!!! Italian girls heaven -Mikes speed racer with the fried egg and spinach and mushrooms!!! Yaaaaaasssss -Sams spare tire omg so good. Any of the phillies are good and oooooooh the hotdogs. Do yourself a favor and do the chili dog. Their homemade chili is to die for!!!!!!! I go here too often to point out anything in particular but I love love love this place. It's a dive where everyone fits in and the service is always great!!!! They have such a great local business happening here!
How could it go wrong? Friendly staff always around and preoccupied with our food experience. Very affordable pricing. And most important: the best burger I've ever had: Steve's Respect Mobile. A combination of burger, juice pulled pork with cheddar and bbq sauce! So tasty! Everytime I go, I cant even think of ordering something else... Please try it and let me know your thoughts! ;)
This burger joint is one of the best in downtown Miami the service is always given to you with a nice smile and plenty of beer to go along with your great burger keep up the good work
My fiancé has been a diehard fan of the Filling Station since they opened in downtown.  She goes for lunch with coworkers whenever she can and has always spoken so very highly of them. She introduced me and it was love at first bite.  The sandwich selection is outstanding and they are all delicious. It as if each menu item was carefully crafted with the combined input of a professional chef, stoner, and pregnant mother,  all hell-bent on crafting the most satisfying meal possible.  The tater tots and sweet potato fries are excellent.  Mike's Speed Racer is among the best burgers I've had.  The taste of the food is only exceeded by the excellence of the customer service.  The staff are so polite, warm, welcoming, witty and wonderful.  For those that enjoy a good drink they have a great selection of beer and wine. They feature a "mug club" for those that will find the Filling Station's charm irresistible and perhaps want to spend more time at the bar.  I am a huge fan of the filling station and highly recommend it to anyone.   P.S. They have foosball, air hockey, trivia and a clever game that involves landing a ring on a nail.
The Filling Station is still my fave place for a burger and beer -- best staff in Miami!
Now this is my kind of place.  I've been driving by this place for years and just now stopped in for lunch.  This beats all those other designer burger places in Miami.  I've been to most (B&B, DGB, CG) and this is the BEST by miles.  This is solely based on the burgers.   I ordered the Steve's "Respect" Mobile burger which is a basic burger topped with a solid portion of pulled pork.  This burger gave me flashbacks of my 25 years of living in Memphis.  The pulled pork was very tender and the jerk sauce was superb.  All i needed was some cole slaw to throw on top and I would be back at my favorite BBQ joint called the Germantown Commissary.  Had to get the sweet potato fries and they were very good although next time I gotta get the tater tots.  Also, wished I could had a beer as it looks like a great place to kick back a few cold ones. Also enjoyed the authentic decor which looks pretty much like a auto garage I used to take my beat up '85 cougar until they told me to stop bringing the car in for repairs.  The blues music was a nice touch (not too loud) and the people were very polite and hospitable, like they were the owners (probably were as far as I know).  Also, thanks for having Closed Caption turned on so I can understand what was being said on teh television. Screw the Burger & Beer Joint, Damn Good Burgers and the other designer burger places.  When I want a burger for lunch, I'm going to the Filling Station.
Place is kind of ghetto and in a ghetto area but super delicious.  The Gran Torino Turkey burger is one of the yummiest turkey burger I ever had. The tater tots were fried perfectly.  I recommend bring bottle water if you want water. Their water seems to be straight from tap and the filtering was not there.   Overall I am a fan.
Great friendly service. Ok hamburgers  they were a bit dry and overcooked. The salad was very plasticy  A bit disappointed after so many yelp 5stars reviews.
We have our monthly bookclub meetings here and the service is always fantastic. I'm not a huge fan of the food but not because it's bad,  but because burgers aren't really my thing.  Great beer selection and again, really great and friendly service
Sweet potato fries are amazing with honey.  Burger was excellent.  $2 Landshark happy hour is hard to beat.
The jerk bbq sauce is to DIE for!!! My husband had the Steve's "Respect" Mobile (burger, pulled pork, cheddar, jerk BBQ sauce - YUM! - and a side of ranch) with seasoned tater tots and it was amazing!! The ranch sauce was very yummy...it didn't taste much like ranch but we loved it! I ordered Beth's Ferrari sandwich (grilled chicken, fresh mozz, roasted pepper, basil, olive oil, and balsamic glaze (which was so delicious!) with sweet potato fries. I took the bun off and had it as a chicken breast platter bc I usually get really full fast with the bun. I loved it and felt happy and satisfied after. The sweet potato fries were like any other (it also brings honey for dipping -- which I'm not a fan of bc I like my sweet potatoes with nothing on them). The red sangria is a no go... it tasted like a not-so-great red wine with ice. My husband said it came out of a can but didn't hear that part just the part of the different flavored moscato's coming in a can. Maybe I'll try one next time. I can't wait to try the other things on the menu!! Definitely a cool place for a casual lunch! P.S. Sorry for not posting any pictures but others have posted what we ordered. I've been really bad with that lately! Enjoying the food and company instead. But I'll try to be better at taking a moment to photograph the food next time!
Amazing tots.  I went here recently and have been craving their tots with their spicy sauce ever since
Full disclosure up front. I do not eat meat. So, when our office ordered Filling Station for the US FIFA match, I was less than thrilled. To my surprise, they have a portobello mushroom sandwich on the menu. I ordered mine sans cheese and in a whole wheat wrap. How does arrive? In white bread topped with mozzarella. The delivery guy was apologetic about it and came back 15 minutes later with the correct order. The good? My mushroom wrap was surprisingly tasty. A generous helping of sautéed mushrooms with a touch of balsamic vinegar, just the right amount of salt and pepper, wrapped in fresh spinach and warm whole wheat tortilla. The bad? Grease FEST. Mushrooms have so much water inside, totally unnecessary to drown them in spoonfuls of cheap cooking oil. The stuff was dripping everywhere, I had to wrap my wrap in paper towels to soak up some of that oil. I felt nasty stomach cramps and cold sweats for about two hours afterwards, which is too bad because those mushrooms were super tasty. Definitely can't recommend this place, since it made me sick.
Amazing burgers, wings, and beers! I definitely recommend the Mike's Speed Racer fried egg burger, and my wife loved the apple cider. Super nice owner made the experience great for my wife, baby, and I
What a fun place! Staff was so super friendly. The menu had a lot of different types of burgers which made it hard to pick which one to choose. I went with the El dorado which was a tasty blend of bleu cheese, grilled onions and bacon!  It was yummy!
Such a cool, laid back , friendly, totally unpretentious completely un-MIAMI-like bar! I came here the night of the Critical Mass bike ride (coincidence as I knew nothing of that and had just eaten dinner at the rather tasty Brazilian restaurant across the street)..  this seems like  a very easy bar in which to meet people and make conversation. and the beer selection is fantastic. I was thrilled to discover they have the Belgian beer PALM on tap! bartenders are friendly and laid back.  this place represents the philosophical opposite of the South Beach scene.
Came again to the Filling Station because well, my ROTD motivated me to lol. They've made a few changes and added some new bathrooms which is a plus. More space and more TVs why not?! Food Time: Spicy Jerk Wings- all I have to say is that I got a refill on my order. Wonderful!!! Cooked so perfectly, not to crispy but not soggy like some wings I've had. The spiciness is just right, not overpowering at all. Even my 7 year old had a few wings and she handled the spice just fine. Cheesy, jalapeño bacon tots- This dish is heavy lol , but so good. Again spicy but the cheese they use is such good quality that it balances the spice and the potato just right. Such a lovely marriage with these ingredients that you forget that your eating a heart attack. Tots were crispy but not greasy. I also ordered a burger for my daughter and I to share which was just right. She doesn't like her burgers bloody like I do so I ordered it medium well. It was good for what it was. My fatty in crime also ordered the Brunch Burger that included an over easy egg on top. I didn't get to try it because he devoured it, so what does that tell you lol. The egg looked like it was cooked how it should, oozing with yolk all over the burger patty. We'll be back again!!! This place is a must try!
omigahd.  the bEST burger in miami.  and actually creative menu AND delicous. BEST tater tots. great beer deals and the staff is awesome.
Tater tot heaven!! As soon as my husband and I arrived and checked into our hotel, we were hungry and wanted to go somewhere that was walking distance from the JW Marriott Marquis so we ended up at The Filling Station & Garage Bar. Usually really divey looking places doesn't serve food that looks remotely appetizing but the guy behind the bar said that this place is known for its tater tots so I decided to be brave and order the chili cheese tater tots with some hemp beer on tap. The ooey gooeyness of the soggy tater tots from the chili cheese along with the hemp beer was a perfect combination. I usually hate when tater tots are soft and soggy, but they cooked it crispy so when the tots are soggy from the chili cheese, it still has some crunch in it. The Filling Station far exceeded our expectations! if we do return to Miami, I have to come back here!
the burgers here are awesome! so are the taterssssssssssssssss! highly recommend this place. and the chefs know how to cook the meat to your specifications. which is a plus. im sick of always getting a medium well when i order medium rare.
Okay okay, so everyone know that The Filling Station has some of the best burgers and beers in town, right?? (Much love to the Respect Burger & my new fav Mike's Speed Racer) But! Who knew that they also R-O-C-K my face off with their wings and chicken samms?? Well you all do now. A co-worker has been swearing up and down that these are some of the best Chicken Wings in Miami. So after weeks of hearing, I had to go to FS to try the wings. As difficult as it was not to get a burger, I went for it. Another coworker ordered the daily special. I don't know how many of you are on the FS lunch special email list, but it's a daily form of pleasurable torture to read these emails and see what's being served up, knowing I can't eat there every day. Or can I.... Anyhoo, back to the wings. I had New Orleans on the brain, so for no reason other than name, I went for the Big Easy BBQ flavored wings. They came out slathered in a sweet tangy BBQ sauce with carrots and (you know me) ranch. The wings were crisp, meaty perfection. I have also tried the Chicken Philly. Not a lot of places can do this sammie well, but FS hooks it up. Pretty much everything on the menu is a hit.
You want ridiculously juicy burgers with delicious toppings? You want to eat the best tots you could possibly grace your mouth with? You want to be surrounded by hilarious pictures of other people having the food experience you are so lucky to be anticipating. THEN GO HERE. Don't walk. Run. Or take the metrorail. I wouldn't recommend driving, but do what you have to do to get here.
This place takes me back to my college days. The Filling Station has a pretty laid back vibe, with an ambiance that is truly its own. And it's quite cheap too! If you find yourself here, try the Hamborghini (yeah, hamborghini) or Steve's "Respect" Mobile. You can't go wrong with any of these. I am a regular here, but want to point out a few things: the place is not exactly the cleanest; the service may be anywhere from OK to terrible, depending on who's serving you; and sometimes it takes a while for your food to arrive. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a good burger and/or if the above mentioned issues are not a deal-breaker for you.
Extensive beer menu... Cool burger recipes
The burger looked like it was going to be amazing. Unfortunately,  the taste was a HUGE letdown. The burger and the pulled pork inside lacked taste. The burger was cooked well, but that didn't make up for the lack of taste in the burger. The bun was kind of dry. The tater tots were really good, so I did enjoy that part of the meal. Viewing  a 4.5 Yelp rating before we ate, I expected an amazing burger. That was simply not the case.
I have yet to encounter a "bad" dish here. Everything I tried is excellent. Burgers are spot on, cooked to my order perfectly. Fries are crisp and fresh. Soups are made fresh and done daily. The tap assortment is second to none and rotated weekly. Abita Andygator on Tap WHAT!?! Give me two "IMMMEGIATELY"! Great dive bar atmosphere and cool location. I visit here for lunch 2-3x per month. The folks here are nice and know their beers well. Patrons are friendly and give you a very nice hometown feel in the big city.
I went here for my birthday a few weeks ago (such opulence!), and I really enjoyed it. It's such an unassuming dive bar looking place that you don't expect much, but the food was fantastic. They have a burger that comes with BBQ pulled pork on it, and frankly if that's not enough for you then I'm sorry your parents didn't hug you enough growing up. The burger was cooked perfectly, and the sweet potato fries were excellent. I would prefer a more traditional BBQ sauce to the one they use, but that's just a personal choice as I still liked the one they used. If there were any negatives, it's that the service could have been better, but I'd be splitting hairs at that point. It's just a solid low-key place to go to that doesn't do anything fancy or out of this world, but is very good at what it does do. I would definitely recommend giving it a try if you're in the area.
My husband and I were staying the night at the JW Marriott the night before our cruise so we were on the hunt for a great place within walking distance of our hotel.  Yelp to the rescue!! After reading all the great reviews of The Filling Station we decided we had to try it!  Wow!! Sooo glad we stopped in!  We ate there for lunch and had super amazing sandwiches and service. I also have to mention the tater tots are really really awesome!!!  It was so good we decided to go back for dinner!  Again everything was amazing! I cannot wait to go to Miami just to eat there again.
Absolutely love this place.   I'm tempted to take away a star because it's in Miami, and not in Dallas where I live. ;) Best wings in Florida without question.  Possibly the best I've ever had.  Full of flavor, and the perfect amount of heat. The staff is great.   I spent the weekend at a fancy resort on the beach, but got significantly better service here at the filling station.  A lady named Diane was working the front door, seating people, clearing tables, etc.  The way she was hustling around I would have sworn she owned the place.  Keep it up Diane, you made my day. When you drive by or walk up to this place, don't be turned off by the dumpy exterior.  Great staff, fantastic selection of craft beers on draft, and shockingly tasty food will make you very happy that you stopped by.  I will most definitely be returning the next time I am in Miami.
This place ROCKS!!!! The finest burger I've had in a very long time. I had Erica's El Dorado. Blue cheese can overwhelm almost anything. This was perfection, Grilled onions and peppered bacon just made it better. Best tater tots in town is what they claim and that's no lie. Try them with some of the homemade hot sauce or even the Jerk BBQ sauce and you know you have found heaven. When I walked in the door the first thought that came to mind was "I love this place" You have to take the time to read the wall.  I know that whenever I am in the Downtown Miami area this will be the place where I stop to eat whether its lunch or dinner.
The filling station was an unexpected surprise for me. I walked in thinking it was just another bar with some bar food. When I sat down it had a great selection of beer. I had the burger called Mike something I believe and I have to say, it was just fantastic. The friend egg on top was done perfectly and just made for one fantastic juicy burger. UNEXPECTED SURPRISE: That's right I wrote in capitals. Their tater tots were absolutely amazing. They were hot, crispy and seasoned perfectly. Must stop place if you are in town. The only thing would be I would have liked the bar to be a little non sticky. But the food made up for everything.
went there this evening because it showed open on yelp... it was closed at 7:30 pm! not a soul in sight! very disappointing!
Pretty big for a pub and food is delicious!! Filled me to the brim!! Ordered the Hamborghini burger with fried salami, provolone cheese, and pesto mayo along with tater tots which was salty goodness washed down by a Coke. Loved the names of the burgers, very fitting of the Miami scene. Would recommend to anyone and if we are ever back, I'm returning back to this place!! :)
Great food-burgers, sandwiches, tots, wings- beer specials! Ask for Adam or Steve (owners). Good group! Great music (Thanks Kevin)! Half off appetizers all night!
My co-workers and I have become regulars.  So much so half the time they know what we are going to order and how we want it before they even hand us the menus. Love this place and recommend it to everyone in the area and my friends!
I love this place, it reminds me of the old Miami. The prices are decent & the BEST part is the unique beer selection provided. Parking can be a problem depending on what day you go, but other then that, I love tha location! Overall is a good place to hang out & enjoy an affordable beer if your tired of the South Beach scene. BTW I believe it is closed on Sundays.
Had the Mexican Cobb salad with blackened chicken today. Had to update my review because this was very good and allowed me a healthy option instead of burgers and tots.
The food here is so amazing, it's heavenly. The servers are awesome as well as the atmosphere. I don't know how they make their wings do juicy but not greasy, I love them. And they need to start selling the party in your mouth sauce.
This place just doesn't do it for me. The parking sucks and the food was decent but nothing phenomenal. It lacked flavor. If I'm going to clog my arteries let it be worth my wild but there was no party in my mouth. The only thing I liked were their tater tots. Maybe I wasn't pleased with the particular menu item that I had. I'm willing to give it another go if I'm in the area.
Always a great spot to hit up & hang out!! Try a million beers & keep on going- Gotta try the taters
Everything about this place gets an A+ in my book. I always tend to sit at the bar when I go and every bartender is friendly and knowlegable on the beers being served. They have an upstairs area where you can sit and watch a band play but since the  music downstairs is always on point I never feel the need to move. The burgers are a must try every single one is unique and tasty not to mention huge. The beer selection is awsome and the prices are great. This is a good go to spot to kick back and relax. Just a side note it tends to get very busy during critical mass.
A bunch of colleagues and I were in town for a conference, and we went to The Filling Station every chance we got. The food was excellent - really good BBQ at very reasonable prices. Even better was the beer selection: lots of nice domestic microbrews, including some good stuff from Bell's Brewery that was especially awesome. The staff was great too; they even kept the bar open after hours for us one night, since there were about a dozen of us there having a good time. All in all, the only bad thing about The Filling Station is that it's in Miami, and I'm not :)
First of all, we walked in for a basic drink on a Thursday afternoon to realize it was "power hour" from 5:30-6:30. This meant dollar beers (which btw were really good selections), I had to have the farmhouse saison. Then as we are debating on food the awesome bartender points out the happy house appetizers, so we had the delicious cheese jalapeño tots -yum- . They had the World Cup on and a fun crowd of beer and food lovers joining in the fun. Also provided great shelter during the random Miami thunder storm. Great little hole in the wall that we stumbled upon during our vacation. Definitely a cool chill dive bar feel.
Consitantly great hamburgers.  I've only had the cheese burger but it was love at first bite.  The sweet potatoe fries are great as well. Relaxed atmosphere and great place to chill.
Most amaz burger I've had. I was with my friend we were at the nearby Hyatt and hungry. I looked on my Yelp app and when I saw The Filling Station pop up I knew it was burger day. Walked across the street and was welcomed by the waitress and told to sit where we like. There was a menu for drinks and craft beers, and a menu for Food like : pulled pork, hot dogs , quesadillas, hamburgers grilled chicken, fried chicken, sandwiches, wings and other tasty treats. There are Photos of customers happily eating their Burgers posted on the wall and laminated on the tables. Lots of craft beer posters and signs. There's hubcaps and different junk pieces on the wall. There was a "Space Invaders" Video game which I thought was cool. They even had a few Yelp highlights framed on the wall. Downside is the bathrooms there's one for each men and women..I had to for-go using it (I also walked in on a woman helping her daughter which was embarrassing enough not to try again till home!) The waitress recommend 3 burgers (come with seasoned tater tots) : Hambourghini : burger, fried genoa salami, provolone cheese, and pesto-mayo (9.35$) Steve's Respect Mobile : burger, Pulled Pork, cheddar, jerk BBQ sauce side of ranch (9.82$) Speed Racer : burger, spinach, mushrooms, jalapeño jack, bacon and a fried egg (9.82$) I chose the Speed Racer and so did my friend! And we both subbed for sweet potato waffle fries(. They came with the Kraft kind of honey. The waffle sweet potato fries were really good I was happy and full from half the serving!  The burger was one of the most flavourful meats I've sunk my teeth into! It was a nice Garlic flavor, they season the burger meat like a dream. The spinach was sautéed and the mushrooms were fresh. The egg was cooked to the point on running when you cut you're burger in half , to a controlled dribble down the juicy burger on the plate. The bun complimented the burger perfectly too. Very happy girl and my husband was happy too when he tried the half of everything I left behind! The food came quickly, I was here for lunch on a Saturday. The service was great and large ice waters. ** there were also Burgers with Peanut butter ( Sara's Super Sport) and another with Nutella! (Gabbys D'Lorean)   *** FOOD CHALLENGE!!! ADAMS EIGHTEEN WHEELER!!! 9 Burgers, 9 homemade onion rings, 18 slices of cheese and 2 whole pickles $39.25 EAT IT IN AN HOUR BY YOURSELF WITH THE TOTS AND ITS FREE Extra buns are a buck a piece. *** This place is a perfect dive, quality solid food, and that's how I love it. When I'm in the area I'll for sure try another burger here. This was my fav ever so far!
Seriously Tasty burgers, great beer choices, chill atmosphere...just the burger and beer place we were looking for.
Is it possible to give this place 0 stars? I am surprised how much we hated it seeing the positive reviews it's gotten on Yelp. Horribly slow and inattentive service and food that has absolutely no flavor. My husband and I got their "Filly" cheese steaks (original and Italian). It was so bad and as tough as leather. They are apparently known for their wings, so maybe we just chose bad. But we won't be returning to try it again. It is easy on the budget...but this is definitely an instance where you get what you pay for. If you love Applebees then this is the place for you.
Great burgers and fries in downtown.  It's a good spot for lunch, and even for drinks after work.  Wednesday night they have a cool trivia night.  I enjoy the burgers and they are generally high quality.  I also like the effort they put in with being creative and making homemade sauces and such.  Really nice spot.
I am always looking for some good deals around town... When I'm trying to save some money. I wanted to go out and eat something delicious but not break the bank. I chose to come to the filling station for the second time ever. The minute I reached the door, I noticed the outside window flooded with regular pieces of papers, as flyers stating $3 beers during the World Cup games and $5 apps and craft beers during the heat playoff games. When I sat with the three people in my party, we read the small stand up sign at our table and started a happy dance. It read: $5 happy hour menu, Monday-Friday 3 p.m.-7:00 p.m. Bingo!! It includes: (6) mozzarella sticks, chili cheese tots, bacon jalapeño cheese tots, nacho tots (lettuce, tomato, salsa, guacamole, jalapeño, sour cream) and (6) chicken wings (buffalo, spicy jerk, Carolina, big east BBQ, ran chalaza, 'party in your mouth.'   I danced for nothing because I ordered the hearse burger (super spicy). My boyfriend ordered the gabby burger I believe... All I know is that it had Nutella, carmelized onions and honey bacon. It's like having dinner and dessert in one! Quite different, that's for sure. The burgers come with tater tots and the establishment claims their the best in Miami. If you don't want tater tots you can opt for 'sweets,' which is sweet potatoes waffle fries. This is the claim they should be making. Best sweet potato waffle fries in Miami. To top it off, it comes with honey as a dip. A little down side is the service. I could be wrong as it may be just this time, but the young lady serving us had no interest in speaking to us about anything, not the menu, not the food or drinks.. Nothing. You ready to order? You need more time? (Well even if I did have An answer to those questions she was barely around). The ambience is a little divey with an abundance of photographs featuring the patrons. It's a cool little spot to come with some friends. This is one spot I always recommend for burgers.
The Filling Station is a great little dive with lots of character. It has a great atmosphere with the music they play plus all the brewery related stuff on the walls and the bar made out of license plates. Not only do they have a great atmosphere but they also have awesome food. Their burgers are delicious and so are the tater tots. They have a burger with nutella and another with peanut butter...which I know sounds crazy...but they're awesome. And what pairs perfectly with a great burger....a great beer. They have a bunch of craft beers on draft that you don't find in too many places...which is a nice change of pace.
I've been coming here every once and awhile for the last four years or so, mainly for trivia. It's the rare place in Miami where you can kick your feet up, grab a beer, and forget about your troubles. The grub is reliably tasty and affordable, and the beer selection isn't wimpy. There aren't any "beautiful" people here sitting in lounge chairs on the sidewalk sipping martinis, and the music isn't so loud that it prohibits conversation. In other words, The Filling Station has kindly resisted what seems to be a fetish among restaurant owners in Miami to try to make their place a "scene." Come: if you enjoy conversation, good food, affordable prices and bar trivia. Don't come: if you like loud music, quinua, expensive prices, and don't know anything.
The Caddy is great and so is the Philly cheese steak.  I add mushrooms to both.
Maybe I just odered the wrong burger and need to give this spot another try. I ordered a bleu cheese burger, medium. It wasn't medium and it was bland. The bun was not toasted and the meat was not particularly flavorful. I ordered the chili cheese tater tots which were decent but needed a bit of hot sauce for a kick. The atmosphere is interesting but the parking situation sucks, however that's not their fault. Downtown Miami is notorious for crappy parking. They have a wealth of options on their menu that I still want to try so I won't blacklist them just yet.
This place is the neighborhood joint my hood doesn't have   Damn good food and great beer
One of my favorite burger places! High recommend if your a big time burger person like I am- tater tots are the BEST! Service is great too!
I met my cousin here for a quick lunch on Monday. There were a lot of empty tables, so we were seated immediately. We both ordered the D' Lorean burger, however I opted to forgo the Nutella. She got sweet potato fries and I got onion rings. We let them know we were in a hurry and they were happy to bring out our order quickly. We dug in right away and were both pleasantly surprised at how tasty and juicy the burgers were. I tasted my cousin's Nutella burger and was glad I decided to pass. It was way too sweet and overpowering...it just didn't do the burger any justice. My cousin initially enjoyed it, but admitted it was too much after the first few bites. The peppered bacon on this burger set it off!! It was so good, I didn't care that it had no cheese! The sweet potato fries and onion rings were crispy and fresh. They were served with honey and BBQ sauces for dipping. We look forward to dining here again as they have a pretty large menu with lots of interesting sandwiches, burgers, and beer!
Food was great! For sure coming back. Tots are so good. Ordered a burger with their bacon and cheddar also I got them to add their Carolina sauce. I love burgers and this is for sure on the top of the list.
Whoa, this was delicious!!! I got the "porshebello" sandwich with tots. Fantastic veggie option!!! First, the bread. So soft and warm. Yum! The innards were flavorful sautéed mushrooms & onions, greens, mozzarella, and balsamic. So filling especially with the well seasoned tots. The staff is completely chill, too. I highly recommend this place!!
If you are looking for a juicy burger with a spicy kick, try the gran torino.  The beer and the tater tots rounded out the meal well.
Best Tater Tots Ive had in while!
Pretty decent dive bar with a bunch of TVs. I tried the Mel's Po boy and thought the garlic was a little too overpowering. In fact, the taste was borderline rancid. My friend enjoyed his burger so I probably should have just gone with that. Service was quick and attentive. We were kind of in a rush so we asked for our bill as soon as our food came out, and there were no problems paying (I've been to places where the waiters decide to play hide and seek when you really need them - not so here!) +1 for location - it's right in the mix of downtown, near the Courtyard and walking distance to other bars and restaurants in case you want to make a night out of bar crawling.
Great burgers and a lot of different beers.
You Floridians crack me up.  4.5 stars??? The food is FLA is nothing beyond mediocre.  The hamburgers here are OK, but the environment is a sh&*%thole.  If you don't mind dirty tables, dirty floors, feeling dirty after you leave, then have at it!   There really are few very good spots in the Meeami area, and I suppose that is why this joint scores so high.
I went here a few weeks ago. If your into Craft beers this place is great. I had a burger and an IPA. The food was good and so was the beer.  I wish they had more Craft beers and hopefully they will get some more in. Parking like everywhere in downtown is not easy but, it's worth it.
I love this place! I always order their Rodeo Pig sandwich. Good and quick service, and delicious food. Took my boyfriend and mother recently and they agreed that it really is delicious.
I love this place.  The burgers are good, the service is great, and the people are down to earth.  I visit this place every time I'm in Miami.  I wish they stayed open later.
DOWNTOWN LUNCH SPOT One block north of the Knight MetroMover Station. We have had this place on our cross hairs forever. Now that our office is downtown, a lunch is a must. It's a very laid back place with very busy walls. Background music is black vinyl.  Plenty of waitstaff to assure prompt service. Ordered and shared Italian Steak Philly with tater tots and a Burger topped with barbeque pulled pork with sweet potato waffle fries. We barely finished our sanwiches and only a small dent into the tater tots and fries. Great place for quantum food and nostalgic music of the golden 70's and 80's era.
Nutella burger.    Nuff said
This review is from a couple I recommended to the Filling Station on Feb 7, 2014. My yelp review to you: The hearse is HOT! They are not playing around. Steve's respect was great. Sweet potato fries, the best I've ever had and the same goes for the tater tots. Now, the chicken philly was the worst ive ever tasted in my life. I am no Philly expert but it was very bland and dry. There was nothing good about it. Staff was nice! Atmosphere was cool but they can try to make it a little cleaner, if you know what I mean. They have an upstairs that has ZERO vibe. They need to work on that as well. Overall: great! I'd definitely go back.
What a breath of fresh air! Cheap beer and cool people. Great local bar with a good menu. Love this place.
Yeah, the highest rated spot in Miami is a dive bar. But what a dive bar! Superbly curated tap list, and really darn good BBQ. And tots! (But, tots is tots, so my tip is switch out to the waffle cut sweet potato fries). TIP: By the time you're ready to toss your smartphone and give up on navigating to this nondescript spot, you're there :-)  If you don't walk past the corner at least three times without realizing you've found the bar, you're not doing it right... A great place to chow at the bar and hang with your new drinking buddies...
Delicious sandwiches and burgers, good beer selection, and reasonable prices (save for some select beers that you should watch out for). Our servers were awesome, and it was a great place to watch games, as they have TVs all over upstairs and most of downstairs, and the manager turned the volume on for us.  For residents of the beach, a good way to think of it is as a lower-key (and -price) version of Burger and Beer Joint.
First time here last night and I LOVED it. Love the food & the music plus they had Flat tire on special ($3) so I had a great dinner! Will return very soon!
I was looking for a nice local place with a good burger in Miami and I FOUND IT!!!
Great burgers and grilled chicken sandwiches.  Tater tots are delicious.  Great selection of beers. Pulled pork is also very good.  Grest place to catch a heat game since they have plenty of flat screens. Don't leave without eating their brownie-chocolate chip cookie with ice cream, it is awesome.
If you've never  been you have to. All i have to say is nutella burger and peanut butter buger. Ok sounds weird but both are a great combo and they have Tater Tots
Very relaxed place.  When we arrived it was self-seating, lots of different places even in this one establishment.  The menu was very upscale for a bar; everything was creative and a little more complex than I was looking for.  Chose one of their burgers but simplified it into two things: burger and bacon.  Excellent choice. Dinner for two was less than $25 including the tip.  Very reasonable price.  Service about what I would expect AT A BAR. You don't need to drive to get here.  Take the Metro Mover to Knight Center and it's right across the street.
Everything on the menu is amazing, great beer selection, overall an awesome place...I just wish they stayed open later
I broke my diet so that I can try this place. I really wanted to try their hearse burger but I was half good to myself and opted for the Charger sandwich which consisted of roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, peppercorn bacon, and pesto mayo on ciabatta. The sandwich was delicious, I love the pesto mayo, I think that's what brought out the flavor of the sandwich. The sandwich tasted so fresh. For my side I got the taters with jalapeños cheese with bacon... And that was the only reason why I wanted to come in.  Taters were awesome, you don't need ketchup. I should have asked for light cheese since it is very cheesy. The only thing that was a little bummer was that my taters were soggy due to the carry out box. So if u want some crunchy taters, you should open the box for air. I think they should puncture some holes for ventilation. Other than that I'm crying on the treadmill ;)  I'll be back for other items on their menu such as their salads and other sandwiches.
I really like this place a lot.  Come here about every month or so for the Wednesday night trivia competition.  Our team has won a couple of times and gotten a discount on our bar tab or some beer glasses as a prize. Never had a problem with service.  It can be a busy place, so I'm sure sometimes things get lost in the shuffle. Food is greasy bar food.  Yum.  It is not "pinky in the air" type of eats.  And it's damn good tasting.  I'm sure my heart and arteries wouldn't like me much if I made a daily habit out this place, but for a treat....it's awesome.  If you want something a little less fried, try the chili--it's pretty good. Beer selection is outstanding and I'm always trying something new.  Probably my favorite bar to go to downtown.
This place has an interesting list of burgers that can only be found here, and at a decent price. I don't remember the name of the burger I had, but it had bacon, onion, and best of yet, NUTELLA. What? Yep I said it. Chocolate Hazelnut and BACON. Two of my favorite things in the world brought together in a perfectly cooked burger served with tater tots. The tater tots were covered in some garlic seasoning, which was amazing, but a tad too salty. I kept reaching for water after eating them. The service wasn't too bad, the waitresses kept on coming by to check up on us, even though we were seated away from the main bar and crowd. Definitely will come back to this place and curious to try the other burgers they serve here.
Greasy bar food in a good way.  Good beer selection and great prices.  It's a divey, friendly, bar kind of bar with a really good and inventive "I've had a few drinks" kind of menu.   If you like wings, burgers, tots, and good beer, you could do a lot worse, and not much better.
Why choose between pork and beef when you can have both :). Some places are so good - you just need to walk in and let the dealer choose.  In this case...  my bartender chose the burger with pulled pork.  It came with BBQ sauce and a side of tater tots.    The service was awesome and the food was very good.  I did not give a fifth star because I have eaten at many different burger / steak places ...  it was very, very good but not the measure of a place like Rare in Manhattan where the burger is ground rib eye (not a fair comparison but yummy in its own right and a burger) The Burger - moist - cooked medium with pilled pork.   The provided a series of sauces (came with BBQ on the burger)...  they have homemade hot sauce and honey-mustard.  All sauces are really good and flavorful. Next time you are feeling adventurous - let your served decide :)
Great food.... Even greater customer service! Can't wait to go back.
The burgers are juicy and very flavorful. The pulled pork and the speed racer burgers were amazing. Great and fast service.
came for drinks, heard the burgers were amazing, but we had just eaten dinner. dive bar w/ a great selection of beer. and live music upstairs on a friday night. a good time!
Cheap, good food and brew. tomato based seafood soup was excellent. Good selection of quality beers. In my opinion that beats a list of 100 when no one drinks 60 of them! Very laid back, slightly divey with good music. The ladies working the place gave good service with a smile, what more can you ask for?
Freakin excellent. Big ass tasty burger, perfectly cooked with cheddar and a big ol glop of pulled pork on the burger. Say what?!? I opted for the sweet taters. Excellent served with ranch, honey and some secret hot pepper sauce. Max, our guy here said "I know 5 ingredients in the secret sauce". Bacon, tequila, scotch bonnet, habanera.  "And that's what they throw the wings in". Shut the front door Holmes!
Totally a fan! My bf and I went there last week because we were craving burgers. When we got there at around9 it was crowded (even though it was a wednesday) yet, we waited max 3 mins to be seated. We ordered two cadys, mine with taters and he had his with fries. They were both delicious and the food got to our tables ridiculously fast! The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the place is way too noisy, it's almost hard to have a conversation. However, service gets 100000.... stars. We will be back for sure.
Great food, great staff.  I've been here a few times.  HOWEVER, as I went up the stairs to the bathroom the steps were so dirty and obviously do not get swept.  Then I walked into the bathroom and thought for sure I was walking into the employee bathroom and not the public one.  It was the nastiest bathroom I have ever seen in a restaurant.  Totally disgusting and unacceptable.  I probably will not be going back any time soon.
Great dive with good microbrew beer selection and awesome happy hour specials. If you get there early, it's fantastic. Paying full price for the beers, apps, & burgers is still good, but make happy hour if you can!
Have nothing but great things to say about this place. I was in town for 3 days for work, and came here twice for lunch. Friendly, laid back, unpretentious little bar and restaurant.  Burgers and BBQ are both awesome. Good selection of craft beers on tap and bottled. Signed up for yelp so I could write a review for this place.
