OMG, if you have not been here, this is the place to come and eat your little heart out and gain baout 10 pounds per meal, but I loved it... Went here on sunday for fathers day with my hubby for brunch and it was decilous.  We ordered 2 cappucinos to start, then i ordered the calentado, which was rice and bean , short ribs, 2 sunny side up eggs and chimichurri, my hubby ordered the fried chicken thighs that comes with waffles and mapled bacon and some side ranch spicy sauce, then for dessert had the amazing pancakes that comes with condensed milk on the bottom, captain crunch and powdered sugar onto, TO DIE FOR, ORGASMIC.....and a borken scale after that.  Cant wait to have this again, dreaming. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful explaining their dishes.
I just had a lovely dinner here last night. The ambiance was casual and hip at the same time. We sat at the bar for couple minutes before being sitting next to a window, which gave a romantic feel to our dinner. The food was delicious beginning with the Bone Marrow which was a delicious marmalade especially on the toast. Then, the onion springs was a fresh and crunchy addition, but could have been skipped. Next, we ordered the tomatoes with coconut ice which we raved about for 30 mins especially to the chef. For our entrees, the duck breast and pork tenderloin melted in our mouths and had so much flavour depth within the dishes. Overall, this place is amazing would be an amazing addition to the city's hip culinary scene. I highly recommend and I plan on coming back to this place before it closes.
I had the peach salad with grilled chicken breast. The chicken was way undercooked. Not too expensive for an artsy southern chic Gables restaurant version of Cracker Barrel.
1 word...AMAZING! Had an amazing brunch today.  Talk about creative and different.  Bacon, tater tots, calentado, and captain crunch pancakes are TOO DIE!  Great way to end my weekend.  Make sure you get there early, or make RSVP! Great Great Great place. Mimosa's are good too!
Y.U.M.  Went here for impromptu dinner with the hubby after work as we heard it was good. We did not have reservations but were able to get a table after waiting for about 20 minutes. The menu is not extensive but with a good variety. We tried the pork cheeks- soooooo good! The pasta carbonara was delicious as well as the chicken and waffles which I did not expect to like. Another bonus- the music was great! Hubby enjoyed the hip hip ranging from LL Cool J to Biggie Smalls. The place is tiny and we were sat in a high top that was also tiny but it was well worth it. Highly recommend. Only neg note- they charge for water which seems silly
We went for brunch this weekend and the food was delicious. There were no reservations available so I showed up at 10:30 (opens at 11) for a party of 5. Around 10:45 there was already a line of people behind me without reservations. They opened at 11:00 and took the people with reservations first. At around 11:15 they started accepting walk ins in place of those who did not show for their reservations. At around 12:00 the line outside without reservations died down but quickly picked up around 1:00 again. We ordered: -The BK hash browns which were good -The "cinnamon roll" waffles (those were ok, nothing special) -The cap'n crunch pancakes which were to die for. The condensed milk is delicious and is not overly rich. I would order these over the cinnamon roll waffles any day. -Carbonara Eggs Benedict which were very good but a few misses: The truffle sauce is overwhelming I would suggest having it on the side. It only brings one egg and one tiny piece of toast. If you would normally order more toast because one is not enough, order it ahead of time because they told me that would take an extra 15 minutes. (I guess they don't have toasters) -Tang Mimosas were very good and you can't beat it for $5. Plus, they are pre-made so they come quick!
I am so impressed with Eating House Miami. I went yesterday for dinner and licked my plate clean. I am still full almost 12 hours later. There was not one plate I did not like. I went with a group of 5 girls, so we basically ordered the menu. My favorite was the bone marrow (my first time trying it!). He made it topped with escargot and it was simply amazing.  I am still thinking about that truffle sauce he cooked it with. This is a must have on the menu! I also had the pasta carbonera- which I had every single bite off and was sad when it was over. Perfectly cooked pasta that was creamy in the most perfect way.  Any dish you can combine eggs, cheese, and truffle oil and I am in heaven. Some other notable dishes were the brussel sprouts- sesame fried egg & bacon: enough said and 24 hour braised short rib. Yes, I had every desert they offered (don't judge my gluttony) and if I had to order one it would be the smores. Oh my goodness it was so good. The chocolate was rich, the graham cracker ice cream was a perfect compliment to the hot brownie and it was topped with the right amount of marshmallow and sea salt. You must get this. I can't end this review with out mentioning the adorable staff. They were so enthusiastic about the food, I had to order everything. They had the best attitude and even came outside to thank us for coming when we were leaving. I love this place! Please tell me this pop up is not coming down!
This little Gables spot has earned quite a reputation, and you can expect it to be full within a half hour of opening.  We went early one Friday evening and waited for about an hour.  Service was really friendly but it can be hard for servers to get around the bar area due to crowding and limited space.  Anyways, let's talk about the menu.  We chose only three things and called it a night.  Here's a nice run down of our selection: Foie gras with beets and blueberries: tasty, but seemed like taste suffered a bit in favor of creativity.  The foie gras is prepared with some kind of nitrous process and served cold.  Think foi gras dip n dots that eventually settle into the consistency of mousse.  The dish was good but had an awkward dessert type feel.  I'm just about obsessed with both blueberries and beets, but I don't know if I'd order this again.   Chicken and waffles: wow.  The best chicken and waffles I've ever had, hands down.  They add a light touch of foie gras and throw some bacon on top, so if eating healthy is a concern then you may want to stay away.  But damn, that crunchy chicken contrasting with the soft, pillowy waffles.  Seriously the bomb.   Scallops and carrots in a coffee sauce: again, blown away.  The sauce actually had coffee grounds in it which added a nice subtle crunch.  The scallops themselves were superb, crispy on the edges and very fresh, but the sauce and flavors stole the spotlight.   We seriously can't wait for round two, but definitely on a week night next time.
I came here for brunch last week and it was super fun. My bf & I split the Carbonara Eggs Benedict and the Cap'n Crunch Pancakes. Both were delicious! I thought the pancakes just had captain crunch on top, but our server explained that they actually crush up the cereal and use it as flour... yeah, they're pretty heavy. We also indulged in the tang mimosas and ordered a side of bk hash browns, but unfortunately they forgot to bring them out to us. I really love this kind of fun food, it makes for a great experience and even discussion topic at the table! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and the vibe in the restaurant was great. I highly recommend this spot.
We loved The Eating House so much I had to create a Yelp! Account just to share our experience.  This is our first review ever...so bear with me. My husband and I love the Food Network's show Chopped.  After some internet searching my husband came across 'The Eating House' which is owned by Chef Giorgio Rapicavoli who is Chopped champion so we were excited to try this place out. It is a 'pop up' restaurant and as a result we had a little trouble figuring out where it was located.  The Eating House rents out Ponce Café (only open for breakfast and lunch) for dinner hours.  We drove past it a couple times but realized it was the right address and quickly figured out how this pop up thing works. We went at 10:30pm and although there were quite a few people there we did not have to wait for a table.  We did dinner tapas style and shared about 4 different appetizers.  The first and probably out favorite was Homestead Tomatoes.  It was a fresh plate that mixed salty and sweet flavor perfectly. We loved the saltiness of the peanuts and the sweetness of the frozen coconut milk. Who knew these flavors could pair so nicely together?  It is a must have!  We then tried the 24-Month Prosciutto.  My husband and I usually do not like prosciutto because it can be overly salty and a strong taste but this was perfect with the roasted tomatoes and olives. We then ordered the Tartar Scallop and "Bahn Marrow".  I didn't really like either one.  The Scallops tasted like Ivory soap because of the sauce.  My husband loved the bone marrow with the pickled vegetables but I was kind of freaked out about the whole idea of scrapping the marrow out of the bone.  My husband admits that it was difficult to eat. We enjoyed the 'Breakfast' for dessert which was delicious with peanut butter powder, candied cocoa puffs, Reese's cups puff, milk panna conna, and homemade coffee salt.  It was not overly sweet, but hit the spot perfectly. Apparently the menu changes frequently, but when we go back I would love to try the Crispy Brussel Sprouts, which they were out of, and the Pasta Carbonara.
So all I ever heard was how great the chef at Eating House was. So after conceding to the persuasive yelpers I must say, homie has skills. The always changing menu is always an adventure I'm always willing to take.
PROS: I was there on Sunday (7/8/12) for their brunch. I had the mimosas (they call it something different, i forget the name),  salchipapas remix, tater tots, and the captain crunch pancakes - AMAZING! I loved the food experience. I will definitely go again once they are settled into a new location. FOOD IS OUTSTANDING! CONS: We went with our 9 month old (who needed a highchair) , they only have one highchair so we had to wait for a table to open up in which we could accommodate our stroller. The restaurant is tiny, we had to wait 1 hr and 30 minutes to get seated. TOO LONG of a wait, but, i was determined to try the food. I will remain a fan, a fan who really hopes that they find a different location which is more accommodating to the large crowed.
Eating House has been on the positive end of Miami foodie buzz lately so DH & I checked out their online menu (which changes weekly) and were instantly beckoned by its imaginative/adventurous pairings! We found easy street parking a few steps away & I loved that the dining atmosphere easily promoted an understated hip vibe in sharp contrast to so many snobby uptight restaurants in the area (with less tasty food). I mean, where else can you order truffle braised beef short ribs while listening to beats from De La Soul or NAS? Go on- where? From perusing the menu one can already deduce this is a quality over quantity dining experience. We chose the brussel sprouts which I NEVER eat but our server (loved his converse) swore they were phenomenal...he was spot on. Deliciously tender on the inside, crisp on the outside roasted with pan-Asian flair & sprinkled with sesame seeds and spices, yum! Next up was pasta carbonara. All I can say is I have lived in Italy and eaten the best ever carbonara there but this EH chef one ups the classic by serving his with freshly prepared fettucini noodles, applewood smoked bacon and black truffles, need I say more? We barely had room for the Cuban-inspired braised short ribs in ironbeer jus & crispy tostada, which was savory, rich most definitely not for the faint of heart. Dessert was called "breakfast", which greeted our table with a lovely presentation in an old fashioned jam jar of all things containing crunchy Reese's PB cereal (I know just go with it) atop peanut butter mousse and panna cotta, it was gone in a flash. We may have even fought over who was having the last bite. My foodie heart fell in love with Eating House, love, love, love! This place is a must. As in MUST eat there again!
If you haven't noticed, the concept of pop-up restaurants have been on the rise this past year. It's a pretty clever way to keep things fresh and interesting knowing that these restaurants will vanish in 6- 9 months by design. Some of these pop-up are strictly for an evening only. I can't help it think, "well, I better catch them before they are gone". My most recent experience was at the "Eating House" in Miami's Coral Gables district. I went to their inaugural Wakin' & Bacon Brunch which was nothing short of innovative and reminiscent of my childhood. It all started with Tang mimosas! Why is it we still get a kick from having our tongues turn orange? The two stand-out items on the menu that day was their cap'n crunch pancakes and a dessert item simply named, "breakfast". The cap'n crunch pancakes had the childhood cereal in the batter and even candied on top with a condensed milk cream as the syrup. Add a little vanilla butter and you will find yourself wanting to do a little dance at the table. Word. The other standout item I was lucky enough to taste was the dessert called "breakfast". It was a frosted flake mouse, milk panna cotta, candied cereal, topped with house-made coffee salt. It was fun to enjoy the jarred dessert with all its delicious layers. Its almost like they did the work of soaking your cereal and transforming it into a dessert. The Eating House does cater to the creative and possibly hung over crowd for brunch and it seems like a wild success to me.
You know a restaurant is good when you leave smiling like an idiot for no other reason than the food was so damn good.  Went for the breakfast and we almost ordered everything on the menu just to see if we found something that wasn't great... if there is we still haven't found it.  They have candied bacon, need I say more; I must admit I even ordered a side of the bacon to go once. The Captain Crunch pancakes seemed like such a simple concept but they are excellent.  The Hawaiian bread French toast where great and the chicken and waffles where spot on delicious.  I know there are people belly aching about the waffles being Egos but who cares, the menu is full of ordinary things made into extraordinary dishes.  This place is a breath of fresh air. You should know:  Expect to wait. The wait for a table will vary but can get pretty long, the restaurant is small.  Parking is meter parking on the street, this is away from downtown Coral Gables so there are no nearby lots.  Some people park at the repair shop next door as they are closed when the Eating House is open, your call.  The Gables trolley stops near the restaurant so if that's an option for you it may be the best way to go.
Ok, food was awesome, place is cool, service.... Awful! We came in a group and we all ordered our plates but the thing is my plate and a friends arrived literally after everyone had eaten and we asked them why our plate was taking so long and their answer was "oh its a tapas place so food comes out one by one" that is ridiculous! Also my friend ordered more bread for his bone marrow plate, it arrived after 20 minutes. Also we all ordered deserts and my friend only got his after the bill arrived. The table next to us arrived way later and got their food way before us. They lied to us making the most absurd excuses instead of owning up to their faults.   I don't know about you  but to me service is a deal breaker.
Dinner on a Friday night. Small place with a small menu. Both pluses in my opinion as this allows better control of a dining experience from the customer and management side.  Wine and beer only but a varied and interesting selection .  The decor is also attractive and interesting.  Plenty of wait staff, very efficient, knowledgable and friendly.  The menu, changes often but features 4 constants one of which is chicken and 'foie-ffles'. Not usually a fan of fried bird and waffles but this was really really good.  Small pieces of bird, light batter and foie gras in the waffle. Lamb vaca frita with 3 different versions of plantain was excellent. Heirloom tomato app with coconut ice! Tastes soooo much better than I imagined. Panna cotta is a yes. Will definitely be back  on a regular basis
Foodies will love this restaurant as the dishes are pretty outside of the box. We went in a group and ordered a bunch of dishes to share which I think is the way to go with this restaurant. The meals are a bit heavy and rich so expect to go into a food coma shortly after eating!
This is a unique restaurant and I loved my experience there.  I went with my friend Lauralynn and we tried to get a reservation for a table but we called too late.  So if you want a table reserve ahead of time. We decided to go early and sit at the bar.  TIP if you want this seating, arrive early as this restaurant has a waiting line for the bar seats too! There are two ways that you can eat here.  You can each order your own dish or you can share it. We shared our food as it gave us the opportunity to have a variety of things and really experience this chef's cuisine. The staff is super.  They helped us with different ideas and with pairing the wine.  Great job on that one!  Thanks. Dishes are prepared in a creative and delicious way.  Every dish has a different spice or aroma. The dishes are not large making it easy to order a few to try things out. The people who go there are very friendly and we ended up chatting with some of our neighbors at the bar.  We compared our dishes and everyone was in awe with the food.  That is pretty amazing in itself. Go to this restaurant!  It's a must.  You will enjoy your evening or lunch there.
My cousins took my sister and me here while we were visiting town a couple of weeks ago. The pasta carbonara is an absolute must. Best I've ever had. Beet salad was fresh and light. The staff were incredibly kind, chatty, gracious and knowledgeable. Do yourself a favor...just go. They'll treat you like family...the kind you like and want to see again and again.
Very sophisticated yet casual.  Seems like the kind of place that a serious foodie would like and appreciate. Dina ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  Much hype and apparently as good as the rumors.   I ordered the chicken tacos.  After asking 4x that they be served without cheese, they were prepared with cheese. Long delay for them to remake them, threw  off the meal.  When they finally arrived the tortilla was soggy and beyond edible.  I pointed this out to the server who promised to let them know.   The topping was delicious and tasty.  But I still  cannot get the taste out even after the free espresso. Tough business.  Great food, ambiance but order messed up. Would I go back? For sure but don't expect perfection.
I can't believe I didn't get here sooner. The food was absolutely delicious.  We loved everything we ordered. We ordered the mac and cheese, the florida tomatoes (incredible) with an icy coconut slush, peanuts and cilantro, the short ribs, the duck, and the birthday cake dessert. There wasn't a single dish we didn't love. The service was good. The parking situation is street parking. The price is spot on. You've got another few days. Get there while you can, you won't regret it.
Finally got a chance to try the eating house after hearing great things about it. I will break my review down into a couple of areas. Food Great. Fresh. Organic. Comfort. Creative. Service Friendly. Knowledgeable. Fast. Attentive. Patient. Ambiance Good Music. Clean. Crowded. Small. Miami People. Long wait  without RSVP. My new favorite house to eat!
Best meal of my life...!!! Have to go again&again ! Do it!  Any person that gives 4stars to this place is a bitch & CCP. Just in case you don't speak Cuban. (first Class Come Pinga)
I'd never been here and my friend made a brunch reservation, thank goodness because there were like 20-30 people waiting for them to open the door at 11. It's definitely a small place, but apparently really trendy and popular (read expensive). Hipsters galore, they say they are "green" and that's why they are charging me for water. No, seriously. We had the Candied Applewood Smoked Bacon (yummy, but maybe 5 pieces of bacon for 6 dollars), the Calentado (good, not great), the Pigs in a Blanket (good), the Cuban Bread Torrejas (okay, these were pretty awesome), the Carbonara Eggs Benedict (could have been great if the eggs weren't undercooked, still yummy) and the Dirt Cup for dessert (good, needed more ice cream). Anyway, the food was good and absolutely unique, but not amazing or anything. Some people say believe the hype, and yes, it's an experience, but just not great enough to warrant 100 dollars for 3 people for breakfast. I'll go back if someone's treating me!
Superb all around. Casual, neighborhood feel that you don't find often in Miami. Each dish was truly outstanding. No liquor but good selection of craft beers and quality wines.
This place is a must if you live or are visiting Miami. The pasta carbonara is by far the most delicious pasta I've ever had in my life. I wish I had the recipe. I've been to this place three times twice for dinner and once for brunch thanks to a friend. Please listen to the waiter recommendations they know what they are talking about. And if you eat here come hungry. 5 stars. Enough said.
I was thrilled to hear that Eating House was reopening, this time permanently! The 411 is that they will close up shop temporarily in October to renovate the space, and add some much needed tables. In honor of this wonderful news, I visited Eating House last week. As always, the meal, service and atmosphere did not disappoint. We started off with the beef tartare with watermelon. It was fantastic! Sweet and tangy all at once. We then tried the Mexican style corn, which was rolled in Fritos. That's right kiddies, Mexican style corn (elote) rolled in Fritos! One word: wow. As our main dish we had the mussels. The broth consisted of sherry wine vinegar which infused the mussels with incredible flavor. These are quite possibly the best mussels I have ever had. For dessert we had the affogato with Galletica Maria crumbles. Oh so good! We also had plenty of wine with our meal, and the waiter was great about making recommendations. If you have not yet made it out to Eating House, you should make it a priority. Starting in October, they will be open for both lunch and dinner which means even more opportunities to visit Eating House and experience Chef Rapicavoli's amazing food and his restaurant's wonderful service.
Not like eating at my house... Fantastic brunch!  The carbonara eggs Benedict was sooo yummy! And the calentado was very tasty...the chimicurri on top was the best ever. It's reminded me of the Venezuelan dish pabellon. Can't wait to go back to try everything else. Make a RSVP bc this places gets packed. They were very accommodating trying to fit in walkins. The service was one of the best in miami. And the food came super fast! I love eating at this house!
Not a fan. Went here for a friend's birthday. Place was crowded so I expected the food to be amazing. Unfortunatley, I was wrong. This restaurant is a sharing-style restaurant. We were 6 girls so were able to order quite a bit of variation on the menu. We only liked one thing on the menu -- the fried egg on the pasta. Granted this is supposed to be an eclectic menu, but I definitely expected better. For the price, I can go to much better restaurants where there is no wait. Probably won't return.
What a cool place to brunch. The service was awesome, let's get that out of the way. First things first- we started with a bottle of Peñalba Lopez Cava we brought from home and a great way to kick off the brunch. ***100 pts based on my own Flavor Scale*** 1st course: honey bacon!!! 100 pts 2nd course: Bk hash browns!! 100 pts 3rd course: Calentado 75 pts 4th course: Burrata! 90pts 5th course: Pigs in a blanket!! 95pts 6th course: chicken and waffles 80pts 7th course: ceviche 80 pts 8th course: eggs Benedict!! 95 pts 9th course: Torrejas (no rating, not a fan) 10th course: Captain crunch pancake 80pts Tan mimosa 40pts for creativity but taste like emergen C. Nice concept, cool food but definitely won't wait if I had to return.
I have a new favorite restaurant!!!  The food here is amazing!!  Seriously!  I died & went to Heaven!  It was that good!  Loved every bite.  Had the brussels sprouts, some cheese spread with thin slices of toast, the bone marrow, the chicken & waffles, and the pasta carbonara.  Soo good!!  For dessert, we had the dirt cup and the guanabana curd.  That guanabana curd was crazy good!!  So creative!  Light & refreshing!  Can't wait to come back!!
Wow. Came in for brunch with high expectations and this place blew me away. Rather than lure in hungry brunch-goers with cheap offers of bottomless mimosas, Eating House showcases an inventive menu with incredible flavors. We ordered 5 things hoping to taste from each and experience Eating House's best brunch dishes and left with food coma since we did much more than tasting. The bacon and hash browns were good. The bacon was glazed with sugar and tasted amazing but could've been crispier. The hash browns had a nice seasoning and smooth smoked ketchup sauce. The Carbonara Benedict was superb - definition of a perfect brunch dish. Very creative rendition of an eggs Benedict with carbonara flavors throughout. Highly recommend it if you enjoy pasta carbonara. The Calentado offers a savory braised pork dish with plantains, 2 sunny side up eggs and rice and beans with a killer chimichurri sauce. Definitely a homage to their Miami home rather than a dish consistent with the rest of their menu. The Cap'n Crunch pancakes are sinful, exceptional and not to be missed. Obviously not the healthy choice, this dish is worth traveling to try. The pancakes are not just your typical batter with added flavoring but rather a completely unique recipe. Substituting syrup with condensed milk is one of my favorite food plays I have seen/tasted. My only knock on this place is their tang mimosa is more miss than hit. Clearly a playful jab at traditional mimosas, it tasted more like a dorm room concoction than something I would expect to match the rest of the kitchen's inventiveness. Don't miss Eating House's brunch. It's really special.
Fantastic food. Great service. Our server Luke was very kind and helpful and enthusiastic.
My original visit to Eating House before this one was less than stellar. However, my husband enjoyed the original visit and asked we please return a year later. I reluctantly agreed and so we went. Meh. The Albarino bottle of wine was my favorite part of the evening. We ordered the grilled eggplant which came with some plantains. It was good. It was grilled. It wasn't anything special. No burst of flavors. Nothing. But cooked well, fine. Then came the duck which was cooked beautifully, but again, painfully boring. Third dish was the beef cheeks, meat was cooked well per my husband.. but not sure if it was farro and something else very crunchy that I was certain was about to break my teeth. It was ok, not my kind of dish. The waiter pushed dessert and said the dirt cup was their best seller..I asked how big it was and they said "not too big".. yeah right, it was massive. Basically crumbled oreo like cookies on top, some sort of nutella like mousse and vanilla ice cream. Again, tastes fine, but dreadfully boring. I'll only give them a point for presentation. All in all the eating house is fine for what it is. They cook food well but if you have a palate that likes really strong bursts of flavors. Dishes that make you weak in the knees and have to take a moment to catch your breath -- this place isn't it.
I don't get it. This place IS overrated, as others have said.The first time, I tried the chicken & waffles that everyone is raving about and posting pictures of. It only made me feel sick. Yet I still decided to go back since the place got such great reviews, thinking that the next time I would surely order better. However, that next time, I got the Brussels sprouts, which were WAY too salty, and, thus, hardly edible, and I also tried the torrejas (cuban-style french toast), which was too sweet and one of the pieces was too soggy. As others have also said, the waiters WERE nice though..
This review is based on dinner and the vegetarian perspective...It was a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!!! Went with a large party and had opportunity to enjoy the family style/small plate selections. The chef changes the menu regularly so you never know what you are going to get. We started with the marinated olives, then beets (spaghetti style with yogurt), out of this world sweet potatoes, broccoli with cheese foam and homemade ritz crackers, and burrata (tzatziki style). They were all a 10, amazing presentations and taste! Service (yay Luke!) was really helpful with anything we needed and showed true passion about the food and had great suggestions. Ok, so they are a little weird charging for water, no substitutions/changes, and parking is hit/miss...but all are worth it. Oh and how can I forget, the desserts are not to be missed!!! Dirt cup, pumpkin panna cotta, whoa.
Muy excelente.  Make sure you have a reservation but the food is worth the wait in case you don't.
One of the best brunches I've had. I love how different their plates are. My favorite is the calentado. The dirt cup is amazing. You must try it. I've had dinner there too, it's equally delicious but brunch choices are definitely better.
This is one of the best places in miami, the pasta carbonara, beef steak and sweet corn you must have!!!! I really like that they sell craft beers and good wines. The menu is very limited but everything on it is very good and they change it every now and then. Is very hard to get a table without reservation but is worth the wait
What a hidden place! But they serve up some good food. Came here for my birthday lunch while my parents had a stopover in Miami. (How convenient of them...) I ordered the arepa with short rib on top. Really great meat, really large and thick arepa. The only problem with that is half way through, I was over the arepa because it seemed dry now. Really filling, though! Ordered some waffle fries on the side. They weren't amazing, just ordinary. My dad said the sauce on his lettuce chicken wrap was too salty. He only ate one, and boxed the rest. My mom's Cuban wrap was HUGE. She also boxed half of hers, but she had no complaints about it. I like the decor of the place. Different, modern-ish?, hipster-ish?, but they're definitely Miami Heat fans.
Dude!! This place is like so radical. Not like the ambiance or anything because dude its like totally like sort of like what your dad or like your mom would do if they had like a cafe kinda thing dude. Imagine you had a great chef who was inspired in his dorm room while smoking a bong to open a restaurant. Imagine he looks up and is inspired by dorm room ingredients....  " Dude Im hungry... and all I have is like Dorito's and like Cap'n Crunch and an old can of like Condensed Milk" Now imagine that chef grew up. Became an amazing chef but wanted to "keep it real"... Didn't want to forget that he loves Tang. But also learned the importance of a properly made carbonara or how amazing the concept of infusing carbonara with truffles would be. Fast forward that dream became reality and its called Eating House Miami. You will not have a bad dish here. Even if it isn't your taste you will respect and appreciate the artistic mania which has motivated this chef to some of this creative genius. A prime example is his Florida Tomatoes. I had an avid tomato hater with me, we sopped up every last drop on the plate. Everything from the texture of the tomatoes to the sweet coolness of the frozen coconut milk the crunchiness of the peanuts and the delicious sharpness of the lime all came together for an amazing sensory experience. This is a unique concept well delivered. Get a partner who can finance and run this operation as a full time restaurant and the sky is the limit.
Loveeeee!!! Their food was absolutely DELICIOUS and that is a rare statement. From the fresh popped popcorn (as a complimentary refillable appetizer) to the carbonara to the chicken and waffles, your taste buds will be more than satisfied!! I seriously can not wait to go back! Be aware that the establishment is pretty small. When I went last night (Saturday) they were all filled because of reservations. We had to sit at the bar which was fine, but immediately after several couples started to come in. A few people chose to leave because they had a wait. Soooo make sure you try to call ahead or just be prepared to wait. However, the large crowd/wait is a testament to how delicious their food is! ENJOY! ENJOY! ENJOY!
Amazing!!!!! Hands down best restaurant in Miami. Their brunch is ridiculously amazing. Dinner is just as good. The chef is a genius!! Always have a great time here. The staff is great. Music is awesome.
This is a small cozy spot that serves up some mighty good eats.   We had the burrata and cucumber to start   Then had octopus.   Lastly we had the chicken and waffles as well as the pasta carbonara.   Everything was perfectly prepared and presented beautifully.   The taste matched the presentation.   You can tell that Giorgio Rapicavoli out cooks most other restaurants in miami.   He isn't a Chopped champion for nothing!!!
Ohhhh eating house. I wanted to love you so badly! If you're really interested in checking this place out, two things: pace yourself for the levels of salt in all the dishes (I don't know what this chef is thinking), oh and make reservations, or else you'll have to wait like 45 minutes or more standing up. Yes, make reservations..
Creative, tasty food in a casual atmosphere. The menu is constantly being tweaked. I eat here often.
This place is AMAZING! Absolutely everything was on point- food, service, drinks, etc. I had the Heirloom Tomatoes as an appetizer and the Chicken & Waffles as my meal. My friend had the Calentado. All of it was exquisite. Best brunch spot in Miami. I'll definitely be going back!!
It's kind of a shame . This is a prime location, the concept is great, the food is actually very creative and tasty as well as fairly priced. However, there's no sign for the restaurant, no marketing from the street and a very clustered set up. There are people stuck in the front congregating and begging for a table - which without a reservation means a wait and sitting at the bar. Then there are tables spread out, held for reservations reaching to the back of the restaurant . The decor is even agreeable . I wanted to scream at the owners - please put some money into a sign that is visible from the two major cross streets . Oh and they weren't fooling me with the "sharing " and "family style " of eating which meant the plates didn't all arrive at the same time - clearly the chef must cook dishes in batches and for people who want to be rushed and want their food faster at least it's fresh. It's a shame the food is light years ahead of the service and ambiance ... Kind of like the newest nightclub in Miami it's a bit overhyped because people are expecting to be let down and surprised to be satisfied, just not overwhelmed.
I wish I could do a review based on the food, but unfortunately I didn't even get that far. We went here on a Sunday morning without a reservation. We got there 1 hour prior to opening and just stood around waiting to see what all the fuzz was about. Once they opened, we were forced to stand back because they take reservations first (which is understandable). However, all of a sudden they start taking people without reservations and we were now stuck in the back and people that had gotten there way after us are now given tables.  We were then told that they didn't have any more space (mind you, we were the first people there an hour before opening).  I guess it was my own fault for not making a reservation, but it does bother me that first come first served those not apply to this establishment. Will I go back? Who knows. I'm already turned off by the little smirk the guy in the front gave me and my wife as I explained our situation. Could be an isolated incident, could be that that's how they decide to run their business. Ended up going to Angelique's instead for a great brunch.
Apparently food is ok but Service is horrible. The manager or owner is rude and has no idea how to manage it!
Where to start. All the veggies are dope... Get all of them and the tartar is a delight. The selection is great and sourced daily and the decor is welcoming and quiant.
My wife and I love this place for our date nights. One of the only restaurants we have been to more then three times in Miami. They change the menu but it is always really good food. Service has always been great as well.
This little nugget of gold. Dinner or Brunch, just get your ass there. Sit down. Shut up. Eat
First time going for Sunday Brunch...absolutely delicious! Their chicken and waffles are just perfection, true perfection. Have you ever heard of such a thing? It consists of fried chicken thighs, a quartered waffle, smoky candied bacon, over a finger-licking hot ranch. I was very skeptical when eating Chicken and Waffles because it just didn't seem to go together, even though lately it is all the hype, I'd never tried it. However, I had no complaints as to how the all-white meat just parted softly and blended deliciously with the waffle, bacon, and hot ranch sauce. I ate every last bit...too bad it was my boyfriend's plate. Anywho...MY actual plate was the Carbonara Eggs Benedict which was really good, but not quite as perfect as the Chicken and Waffles. This doesn't happen often, usually when we go to a new restaurant, I pick the entrees and the better plate always ends up being mine. My boyfriend is normally the one who picks off my plate but not this time! Totally getting off topic, I know, my apologies. Back to the business...the Eggs Benedict, the parmigiano sauce that was drizzling over the poached was good. I mean it tastes like pasta suave with eggs. Not really my cup of tea but I won't lie and say it wasn't good. The toast that the eggs were sitting on was a little hard, I must say. The mimosas made everything better though, MUCH better. Especially after one of the food runners gave my plate to someone else and I had to wait to have them make it again. Regardless of the annoyance with the kitchen, our server, Joe, was nothing short of fantastic. Will come again for the Chicken and Waffles + mimosas. P.S. The place is pretty hidden and it's on the corner so make sure your google maps is turned on if you don't have a good sense of direction.
One of the best restaurants in Miami for sure! This place is ridiculously good and they have very friendly staff. The restaurant is casual but still a perfect spot to spend a Friday night. I would highly recommend making a reservation because chances are high you would be waiting for a while before you're seated. When you get there don't be disappointed by the short list of menu items, instead try to order as much as you can (it's worth it). Every item in the menu is excellent but I have to say that the Pasta Carbonara is my personal favorite hands down. The food in Eating House is different that anything you've seen before and if you like to try new flavors don't hesitate to try this place, in my opinion, it's a MUST!!
The menu is designed for sharing with a long list of small plate options and about 4 larger entree-sized items. You are greeted with a small basket of flavored popcorn when you sit down. I was immediately reminded of a "New American" restaurant in my native Queens, NY, Salt & Fat, that has a similarly structured menu and a free popcorn starter. I was afraid this wasn't going to be as original as advertised, but the similarities ended there, the food is uniquely innovative here. I had the hush puppies to start, which were good but a little heavy. I also sampled brussels sprouts which were a little lackluster. But the pork belly and beef cheeks were both fantastic. Both really tender and succulent and lovingly paired with well thought out accompaniments! The service is friendly and mostly on top of things. It's a little pricey, I won't lie. The decor didn't really grab me, but it wasn't awful. Really worth trying, but still room to improve.
Great place if you crave PB & J! Which is not peanut butter and jelly like your thinking, it's pork belly. Place looks packed for a reason, there's only 15 tables in the restaurant. If your into traditional courses, this place in not for you. Don't expect to order the pasta carbonara and your significant other order the pork chop and enjoy it at the same time. They like to tell you its a sharing style restaurant and to eat when items come however it not an enjoying experience to sit and watch your partner eat while your starve for 15-20 mins more while you have to wait! I ordered my pork chop medium and the waitress told me it might take a bit longer to make, I thought to myself "why, does the pork chop come out raw"? The reason the restaurant serves the food this way is because the kitchen and very small and cant handle the 15 table in this tiny place! Pork chop was good but the ferro which was the grain side was saturated with what tasted like soy sauce! Good flavor but way to salty! Appetizer ordered was queso frito and had good flavor, however the chicken and waffles was ehhhh. Chicken had a good hickory flavor but waffles sucked! Scallops were wimpy, and dirt cup dessert was good as good! With all the hype my girlfriend mentioned about this place I was not impressed! I worked in restaurants for over 10 years, once this place looses it new paint job allure this place will go out of business because of the style of service and inconsistent flavors of the food. One can't serve a good pork chop and a salty side or good chicken and garbage waffles. Won't work! I'm giving this place a year and half, 2 years tops!
So we have mixed feeling about this place.... Food taste good, service is great, little pricey but ok.... Parking is a pain, the location just doesn't help. But what bothered us so much is the free pop corn they offer.... Really? In a suppossedly slow food movement restaurant? Cheap microwave pop corn.... Mmmm that made me lose all respect about the whole rest. Idea.... And waffles with chicken? Thats just not cool.... Thats fast fatty food!
Eating House has become my favorite restaurant in Miami, and it's a shame  that it's going away. This pop-up features a very innovative menu consisting of moderately sized portions.  I can say (from my several visits) that I have tried almost everything on the menu.  The tried, and true favorites are: - Pasta Carbonara. - Maiz asado - Duck breast - Braised short ribs. - Crispy brussel sprouts. The one thing that stands out for Eating House is CONSISTENCY.  Everytime I go: it's the same great service and attention to detail with the plates.   The Sunday brunch is off the chain.  Try the Pancakes with condensed milk syrup and the eggs benedict carbonara. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I'm new to the Eating House. Never heard of this place but I'm happy to get to know this fine establishment. It was a friends birthday so our party consisted of ten people. We all decided to select different items from the menu and share with each other. Here are all the highlights. The pork belly was my personal favorite. It was sweet but not overly sweet. It tears apart easily and comes with a delicious sauce. The pork checks is second. This meal reminds me of cuban oxtail but much better. Chicken and waffles is next. This variation comes with ranch dressing along with maple syrup and bacon. Chicken is juicy and fried to perfection. I had the pasta and it quickly came off my plate. We also ordered marinated olives, Brussels sprouts, mushroom tartare to start. All were delicious. For desert we all ordered bread budding and tres leches. The staff was very courteous, helpful, and provided great service. This place is phenomenal and I plan to visit more often.
In lieu of Eating House closing it's doors, I finally decided to give it the review it deserves. Phenomenal. I will miss you: Carbonara (loaded with so many black truffles I could die), Florida Tomatoes (my many attempts at recreating you at home were utter failures in comparison), Any short rib dish (good god damn), Brussels Sprouts that will turn any non-believer. You know what? pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu. Thanks to Eating House I went from a lifetime of Tomato hatred, to a must have every day. Oh yea and what happened to the Coconut Escargot fritters!? You changed my life! Every dessert made me want to fill a bath tub full of them and eat my way out. See Arwen L.'s review of our brunch below. I was 1 of the 4 fat asses in attendance that sweet sweet morning/afternoon. If you don't like adventures in food and do not have an open mind, do not go (I'm positive that is where the lesser star reviews came from). Save us all the wait time. Today is the last day. GO. DIE HAPPY. I will miss you forever.
Over 30 minutes after arriving for a reserved seating, were we allowed to take our seats. That one experience set the tone for my evening at the Eating House. I understand that reservations can be a tricky business but being scrunched up in a corner for a half hour after my arranged seating time and not offered so much as an apology much less a comp beer/appetizer is not going to bode well for my enjoyment and appreciation of your business. It tells me that not only are you inept at turning over tables and accounting for busy nights, you also care little about your customers. Neither of these qualities would ever make me want to come back. And it got worse. Our waiter was annoying at best, troublesome at worst. He didn't seem to know the menu very well. When we asked questions, his response was a 'joke' followed by "I don't know." Points for honesty... I guess. But how is it that the waitstaff has such a poor grasp on the menu? Hmm. Points for consistency (eg bad service), too. The food was a let down. My biggest memory of what I ate: extremely salty brussel sprouts. For a dish that was so heavily touted by the waiter (after getting a quick crash course on the menu), i could only imagine that he received the recommendation from Mr. Ed because, of course, only a horse could stomach so much salt. The lamb 'vaca frita' was an experiment in grease that tasted extremely gamey. I was hoping for an interesting take on red meat. I received a grease bomb. Firmly past strike what? Five? Six? I was done. I couldn't care less about the carbonara, cauliflower, pork cheeks, or queso frito. I just wanted to leave and for this part of the night to end. As I paid the auto-gratuity and grimaced whilst doing so, I kept thinking to myself, "People enjoy this?"
My friend has been utterly obsessed with this place since it opened. Being a bit of an old soul, i was cynical and resistant to go to a place where the clientele isn't 50 years old and up. I'm really not into these new indie restaurants but decided since the chef is half Argentine, half Italian, it was worth a try. My overall outlook on the experience is, i could do without the venue look and crowd but the chef definitely has skills. First I'll set the scene for you.....it's an extremely small place with stream lined furniture taking in the concept less is more. Nothing fancy, just table and chairs. However, the ambiance is a typical psychology class full of women all trying to take a peak at the Chef Giorgio. I understand he won Chopped and that's amazing but this just brings all the desperate women of Miami here to flirt and eye rape him. THIS i can definitely do without although the obviousness of it all was amusing........... Now food: The menu is as small as my waistline....which is tiny. About 10 items. So if you are one of those Cheesecake factory lovers that loves 26 pages of choices...not here son. I, reading all the reviews, chose the carbonara which although expensive ($23) was a good choice. The pasta seems home made, there is fresh bacon, white truffle oil and cheese for days. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles. I had a bite and yeah it was all good but the sauce of that dish is what makes it special. Then came my absolute favorite......(i know I'm going to crave that bastard when my monthly comes)....the dirt cup!! I am so not a dessert person. I barely never make it to dessert since i fill up quick but man did i eat that thing. It was heavenly with these cookie pecan thing at the bottom, ice cream and Oreo crumbs on top. Loved it!! TIP: They charge for water. And its just plain, not bottled or Boss. If you have my personality type (Virgo), eat at the bar. You can enjoy the food, get in and get out, not have to wait and not have to listen to people obsess over the chef.
When Eating House Miami opened up shop last year I tried to get in for brunch one weekend, get this, without a reservation. Needless to say I couldn't get in because it was packed! A few weeks ago I was lucky enough to get in to celebrate a birthday, and I have to tell you it was an absolutely delicious and flavorful dinner. Disclaimer: I went with a group of people so please don't think I ate all of these appetizers, entrees and desserts on my own, but I will tell you I tried each and every one. For appetizers we had the out of this world burrata, grilled carrots and, of course, the queso frito. If you are like the hundreds of people out there on a diet and you only want to try one then you have to try the queso frito. It is more than worth it. The cheese literally melts in your mouth. Did I mention there is smoked guava involved? When it comes to the entrees you should order a few so you can try some of the top performing dishes like the lamb vaca frita, short rib and for the pasta lovers the pasta carbonara. I personally am in a love affair with the short ribs. And to top it off, even if you are about to explode, you have to try one of their desserts. Everyone always tries the dirt cup, which has nutella, cookie crumbs and pretzels (salty but sweet). Oh and the bread pudding is also heaven on a plate. Honestly, anything you have at Eating House Miami will have your taste buds dancing. I am 100% sure you won't be disappointed. Eat up!
Soooo good!!!! Great ambiance, amazing food and good service! The waffles and chicken are delicious! You must try this! The carbonara pasta is amazing and to finish it off you must get the dirt cup. Highly recommended!
The maple bacon was deeeeelicious...i had the Calentado, pork shoulders with fried eggs that was awesome and my friend had the seafood ceviche. A great choice too although I found the portion a bit small Service was great all around !!
Who would have thought of making mimosas with tang?
So months after wanting to try this restaurant, it finally happened. The reservation was made this past Tuesday for Sunday at 12:30 PM. We got there at 12:20 PM and were seated right away.  The service was quick and we ordered and had our food right away. I enjoyed the chicken and waffles. The hash browns were ok-- a little salty. We were in and out of the place in 35 minutes. The tip here is to make a reservation, and I would advise going in a group this way you can try different dishes.
Food was great  but hated waiting so long. Their phone message and website should say that if you don't make online reservations, you will not be seated within a reasonable time. I stayed because I was STARVING, my baby was being looked after and really could just not risk going somewhere else and wasting more time waiting in another line. Would go back ONLY with reservations.
Never disappoints. Our favorite restaurant. This place serves up phenomenal dishes with a twist based on dishes you may have had before. For example we had the beef cheeks with farro. IT WAS DELICIOUS. Kinda like a short rib and risotto but meatier and tastier. We also had duck breast that was perfectly seared medium rare with crispy skin. For dessert we had the "cup of dirt"..... a childhood favorite of mine elevated to the next level with layers of ice cream, pretzel, a caramel like mousse, and loads of oreo cookie crumbles. The only con to this place is the seating is  extremely limited and you pretty much HAVE to make a reservation for a table, unless you sit at the bar like we did. Good job Giorgio!
Good food. But made reservations two weeks in advance. Rain delayed our trip to eating house so we called in to let them know the issue, they said ok. When we showed up they said 45 min wait.
Had a Cuban style wrap that he rice, beans, fried eggs, pork, and sweet  plantains. The wrap was slightly toasted to give it a crispy outer shell. The sweet plantains complemented well with the other items listed above. I had the dirt dessert. It was yummy but might want to share with a friend.
Eating House really brings the good to the table!! They are always super busy so a reservation is almost a must have, and even then you might have a wait time. Wait and try a few of their very unique dishes. The tomato salad with frozen coconut is quite tasty. They also have a delicious brunch that also gets packed!!!!!! Must try!
Amazing dinner last night. Don't miss the tomatoes, Brussels sprouts, and burrata cheese dishes.
The best brunch in miami, especially if you have a crazy sweet tooth like me! I am obsessed with the capt crunch pancakes...but the eggs Benedict carbonara and Cuban bread torrejas are equally amazing! A must for Sunday brunch, make a reservation.
Hands down, my favorite restaurant EVER! I've never had a bad meal from this place. My husband and I shared the hush puppy appetizer, the beef cheek, and the duck breast. Everything was out of this world good.
Long gone are the days where upscale dining meant an uncomfortable, staunchy den that looks like the library inside the Haunted Mansion, and in its place is a colorful, bright, and graffiti laden space. I frequented the pop-up, and was even more enthused to learn Eating House would become a permanent addition to Miami's options.  A vibrant new heavy-hitter on the Miami culinary scene, Chef Giorgio Rapicavoli brings a unique perspective on fine dining.  Innovative and full of flavor, each dish breathes new life into classic staples like spaghetti carbonara and chicken and waffles, and manages to introduce some brand novel creations that should become a staple on everyone's menu.  Speaking of menus, Eating House's is constantly changing, so you never quite know what you'll find! Among my favorites for brunch or dinner, the Homestead tomatoes appeal to multiple senses.  This piquant take on a caprese salad marries a rainbow of fresh heirlooms, lime, ginger, nuoc cham, peanuts, frozen coconut milk, herbs, and edible flowers.  It is every bit the lovely composition that manages to combine savory with silky mounds of coconut, and the crunch of peanut.  An ethereal, if not unexpected, combination.  Thankfully, this appears to be a more permanent menu fixture, and I cross my fingers that it never goes away. As for the other choices, even something as banal as pasta carbonara is elevated to new heights, using black truffle, egg yolk, bacon, and parm, it is a huge hit of umami bliss.  Another successful combination for me, has been the sea scallops, which are always cooked just right.  Most recently had the variation with parsnips, turnips, and white chocolate, and was impressed by the depth of flavor that was achieved.  I also credit Eating House for getting me over my aversion to salmon.  Once relegated to my "do not order" list, the "sockeye salmon" was served with roasted calbaza, french toast crumbs, a smoked Iron Beer, and pepitas.  Unlike the dry or overly fishy incarnations I had experienced in the past, this dense, peachy-pink slab completely lacked any overbearing odor or taste, plus the oily skin slid off immediately.  In addition, the reduction of Iron Beer came out like a thin "maple syrup," which only further complimented the fish itself and the crisp French toast crumbles.   For brunch, the choice that I have like the most was the "Cuban Bread Torrejas."  This dish is absolutely not for those on a diet, and it may possibly clog your arteries on sight.  Using thick chunks of a long baguette, these cylinders of crunchy exterior juxtaposed with a more delicate center, are drenched in Iron Beer/guava syrup and cream cheese, and then crumbled Maria cookies are sprinkled on top for an additional pop of texture and taste.  It is not only creative, but also, oh so delectable.  Other options to satisfy those with a sweet tooth include Cap'N Crunch pancakes, and "smore" Belgian waffles.   Over successive visits, I am continually impressed with the chef's concoctions.  Sure each dish may not be stellar, but overall, there are a lot more hits and misses, and many of those hits really do go out of the park.  The beer and wine list may not be lengthy, but what they lack in quantity they make up for with quality options.  Furthermore, the service is always exceptional, and I am often surprised that the chef himself comes out to explain each plate. Come and experience the whirlwind of flavors, and indulge in the artistic cooking of a brilliant mind.  Eating House is quite unlike anything else, and even the most difficult eater is sure to find something they'll enjoy!
Pasta Carbonara! Its amazing, the best I've ever had and puts every other to shame. The rotating menu is fun cause you don't necessarily know what you can order. Great atmosphere.
i ate there last night...and let me tell you- i have not been able to get this food out of my mind. it was so good. It was odd, bc on the site it says that the place is very tiny so reservations are a must. i called at 4:20 (on the site it says to call after 4pm) and the man who answered said that there were no reservations left. only 6 pm and 10 pm were available. when he heard me shriek in horror (my friend was going out of town and we needed to eat like at 7 pm) he mentioned that we can sit at the bar if there are no tables. i was excited with the shimmer of hope. we got there at 7 pm and there was no one there. like only 6 other people were there eating. it is mad tiny, though. i dont know why i couldnt make a reservation for that time. we were seated right away and explained the concept of the place. i loved the playlist. laid back smooth hip hop like tribe called quest, hi-tek, mos def, talib kweli. great music to eat to and vibe to. the menu is mad tiny also, but if everything on it is delicious, who cares? i ordered the chicken. the description was detailed, but it had a word i didnt recognize. apparently it meant waffles. because i was pleasantly pleased when i got chicken and waffles since the plate was literally just called chicken. it was freaking amazing. the fried part of the chicken is perfectly crispy, but sweet. the chicken was boneless and of such great quality...no veins and fat. perfection. it had bits of candied bacon, and the entire plate was drizzled with syrup. there was a tabasco ranch dressing on the plate and the chicken and waffles were sitting on top of it. so good. my friend ordered the pasta carbonara. amazing. i think there was little pieces of panko in there. the bacon was good. the pasta was not oily, was not too heavy. there was fresh cheese on top. jeez. this place is amazing. bliss. i am allergic to olive oil and they do not cook with olive oil. super plus. we had some past leftovers. we packed it. i had it for breakfast this morning. dont judge. it was damn good. i dreamt about it and was too excited to wait for lunch. the water was good too. they refilled it a lot. i like the little cups they serve it to me in. i feel fancy and like im drinking scotch. cute. they only have mexican coke. i hate mexican coke. i dare say that the server might not like it himself. lol. they only had three desserts available. we ordered the dirt cup. it comes in a flower pot and legit looks like a pot with dirt (no flower). i start digging in. its delicious. its like a whole bunch of crushed up oreo cookies. crushed so fine...i have only met one other person capable of crushing oreo cookies so fine. there was hazelnut, pretzel pieces and whipped cream. i was sad and mentioned that i wished it had something cold. my friend told me to dig deeper into the pot. there was a bunch of icecream. so delicious. we tore that dessert up...i secretly wanted another pot of delicious, but didnt want my friend to judge me if i ordered another one. it started getting packed by 8. it got ridiculously packed by like 810. we could barely leave as it was crowded by the door. the parking is a bit of a hassle. there is metered parking and free parking found in the neighborhood behind the place. i want to go there again. it was so good.
After hearing so much hype about Eating House Miami I just had to come & check it out.  I was warned about the long lines so I made reservations 2 weeks in advance. We got to the restaurant for brunch 15 minutes before they opened so we waited out I. The HOT sun. But it was well worth it. My best friend & I shared everything we ordered. As a starter we got the hash browns ( a little too season but they were still ok) , the callentao was AMAZING, & I have no words for the Captain Crunch pancakes. They were mind blowing & mind you I don't eat pancakes. I can't wait to come back & try other things on the menu. Oh & I can't forget to mention about the service. Everyone was great & Joe our main server was awesome!!
Terrible let down.  It seemed like the chef is to concerned about making unique dishes rather than making them taste good.  I mean I love creative different things but please make sure the flavors pair well.  The eggplant mush was horrible.  Everything I had was douced in salt I guess because they think that's what people like.  Another pet peeve is that the waiter automatically poured me tap water that he charged for without asking.  I hate restaurant that nickel and dime with tap water especially when I'm buying 2 bottles of wine.  It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Great brunch place on Sundays, the food is amazing!!! What can you say about captain crunch pancakes, whomever thought it up is a mad genius. The Cuban torrejas are a must try.
We were visiting from Texas and wanted to try some local cuisine. We were very surprised at how creative, flavorful, and delicious! The decor was very hip, stylish, and relaxing. Another great find thanks to yelp.
Definitely make a reservation! This place seats about 60 people max and the seats go quickly with those who reserve in advance. They do have an overflow bar, which can seat about 10 total. The plus is you can get in without a reservation at the bar. The minus is the uncomfortable metal stools. I read other Yelp reviews to plan my dining experience. The "chicken and waffles" is one dish not to miss! This dish marries crunchy, salty and sweet perfection on a plate! The meat is crunchy on the outside and very tender on the inside. Plus, it is well seasoned. The candied bacon and waffles round out this dish and truly complement one another. The ambiance here is young, hip and cool. The furnishings are loft-like, with lots of hard edges and graffiti-style artwork. The background music ranges from pop to reggae to hip hop. My only recommendation is for the team to pay better attention to detail. They are so overwhelmed with customers that sometimes small things can fall through the cracks (i.e. refilling sparkling vs. still water; remembering to bring the side of syrup). Overall, this was a good experience with a great meal. I'll be back...with a reservation!
Something has been off lately with eating house! I have gone back twice and it's just not as good as it was at the beginning. Can't exactly pinpoint it other than by saying that we do not feel the desire to wipe each plate clean.
The menu at Eating House changes regularly so I won't go into details about dishes that you may not see. What I will say is that they're all excellent and thoughtfully crafted. There are a few mainstays such as the Chicken and Waffles and Carbonara. To be honest I didn't plan on getting the chicken since it's been overdone and usually poorly by so many other places. However my server convinced me that this will not disappoint. Thankfully I took the suggestion. A foie gras infused waffle? Yes please! The richness from it really helped balance the sweetness of the maple drizzled chicken. Hands down it was one of the best chicken and waffle I've ever had. The main reason for the high rating is that every dish was consistently well executed. There were no "rotten apples" or weak links on the dinner menu. Everything that I ordered, I thoroughly enjoyed. The best part was when I got the check. 5 dishes and a drink came out to $88 (pre-tip). In a city filled with overpriced restaurants which are only good for the scene. It's rare for me to feel like I'm getting more than my money's worth.
Steak tartare was flawless. Carbonara lived up to its reputation.  Sprouts were good but fell a bit short on expectations.  Service was absolutely top notch.  Eating house offers incredible value for fantastic food.
Love this place. Everything is delicious. The popcorn is great and awakens your palate. We had the Brussels sprouts are amazing. The chicken and waffles are the best I've had and the night would no be complete without the queso frito and guava sauce. To die for. We ended up ordering 2 more for the group. They have a great wine selection that are not your typical wine list. I cannot recall the name of the wine but it was a great blend of whites from Italy. Can't wait to have  another wonderful experience at this place. I agree with other yelpers. The place is small, but extremely cozy.
Heaven!
Truffle sauce yum. Why can't they have burgers on their menu permanently? Soooo good.
My favorite spot! Some issues with the front of the house and crowding but if you get through the nuisance the food is well worth it! Always delicious innovative cuisine
The heirloom tomatoes with the coconut ice . Peirod. Would love to see more vegetarian options
Every once in a while I have the privilege of having a meal filled with "a-ha!" moments. However, it is incredibly rare to have nothing but "a-ha!" moments. Something is always off - the service, the food, the coffee, the temperature of the room, the noise, something. This meal was nothing but "a-ha!" moments from start to finish. It was almost surreal. This trulywas the perfect meal. The place is teeny-tiny and has a cuban cafeteria kinda feel to it. Do not let the appearance fool you - once the daily menu (changes daily) and bowl of popcorn hits your table you know you won't be getting stale, day-old croquetas or pan con bistek. The offer a sweet selection of craft beers. I asked our server (Julia, who was AMAZING!) for a recommendation based on what I typically drink and she really knew her stuff. Blue Point Toasted Lager, Shipyard Summer Ale, Woody Creek White Flying Dog, all awesome. We ordered Crispy Brussel Sprouts, Fried Chicken Thighs, Pasta Carbonara & Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast. My husband loves brussel sprouts. I hate brussel sprouts bc they are ugly and taste like fart. However, I popped one in my mouth and marveled at the amazingness upon me. Holy crap. These were really, really, really good! Fried Chicken Thighs were all that and more. The chicken was tender, meaty, tasty, and fried beautifully. The perfect amount of batter and golden crisp without the reminder that you're eating something so dangerous. Dangerous I said? No... add the sweetest candied bacon to fluffy buttermilk waffles and hot-sauce ranch with maple syrup and that's real danger. So dangerous I spilled my beer. Following that was the Maple Leaf Farm Duck Breast. The meat was super tender and super juicy.I also enjoyed the crispy kale. Kale is so simple yet so delicious. Next - hello, pasta carbonara! This. Is. The. Bomb. This dish was fantastic. Really. Applewood bacon, black truffle, double egg yolk and parm. You know how people say something is "flavorgasmic" or "my mouth had an orgasm.?" Well, I think I had my first real mouthgasm and this pasta popped my cherry. The minute I put this is my mouth there was a physical reaction - my tounge started going into spams, no joke. Dessert was also awesome - we had the Breakfast and Smores. Both were exceptionally good. As I said, the perfect meal. Go now before they close on July 31.
I am absolutely in love with this place! The hipster-y vibe the decor gave off added to the whole experience and every single bite was like heaven. Like most yelpers say, the pasta carbonara is a must-try. The pasta is cooked to perfection and the egg yolk mixes so well with the bacon and truffle. The pork belly was beyond delicious, it was cooked to perfection and did not taste too fatty/oily. Personally, I am a huge fan of scallops and I was not disappointed, it was a great mix of scallops and the cold potatoes. Another amazing dish is the heirloom tomatoes. To be honest, I was a bit put off by the fact that there is coconut ice mixed in with the dish but I was extremely surprised by how well the coconut goes with the tomatoes. We also ordered the duck, but we ordered medium as opposed to the recommended medium rare because there were certain people in our party who do not eat medium rare. The duck was juicy and did not taste gamey at all, the sauce was actually the best part of the dish. If you're a fan of Brussels sprouts, definitely order it!!! And finally we ordered the beets with yogurt dressing. I was amazed by how the beets were shaved into thin pasta-like strips (and also by how wonderful it tasted!). For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake and the Dirt Cup. The cheesecake was not too sweet (which is perfect for my taste) and the dirt cup was definitely a cute concept. Even on a Wednesday night, the place is packed with people so I definitely recommend making a reservation.
I was told by word of mouth that this restaurant was a place i needed to check out.  I decided to treat my parents for brunch on a Sunday so they can check it out with me. 1. make reservation in advance, i did it all by email through their website. Be persistent to make sure you get your reservation. 2. The place gets crowded quick but overall the place inside looks trendy and clean, its a bit loud but its due to the fact that theirs music playing and the size of the place. 3. the service was good not great, due to the fact that it was full in the morning. 4. the food: it was delicious, I had the chicken and waffles and mom and stepdad had the carbonara eggs benedict. My dish was a good size but the carbonara eggs benedict was not a good portion. After eating we order one cap'n crunch pancake to share with the family. The taste was great as well. 5. Price was a bit high for the portion that was served. 6. we also had the tang mimosas, the size of the cups were small for the price of $5. 7. Overall the place was ok, i think it has too much hype, but for the price, i wouldn't come here all the time unless you want to go in a group and order different dishes to share or to take a special someone on a special occasion.
The first thing I need to say is that anyone who has reviewed this with less than 4 stars needs to get over themselves.  Can we say food snob? I have been to Eating House at least 5 times and it amazes me every single time.  Its inventive, creative, delicious, and it's the type of food you don't see often.  Yea the place is small but who cares make a reservation or wait and god forbid you start up some conversation with your significant other.  Brunch is amazing: Tang mimosas, captain crunch pancakes, candied bacon, tatter tots, and please please try the calentado!  Dinner is more of the same awesomeness.  Anything is good.  Honestly just try it all.  Please have the dirt cup its great.  The Chef is great, has won chopped a few times and is always visible at the establishment.  If you haven't been, bring some patience for the wait but bring an appetite for the delicious food.
I really liked this place when they first opened. This last visit the service was terrible and the food only so-so. I won't be going back anytime soon. I think they are victims of their own success.
Brunch, brunch, brunch!!!!! This place has the best brunch in Miami hands down. I absolutely love this place, it's a bit small but has a nice hipster vibe to it. The service is always great and super fast. The food is so delicious!! Everything from the chicken and waffles, bk hash browns, candied bacon, cap'n crunch pancakes, and any special they might have for the day. It's best to go in a group so you can try a little bit of everything.
5 stars for service and attitude. The chef and his fraternity brothers are doing a great job of introducing their brand to Miami without the huge startup costs of establishing a permanent address. Loved the "work together" atmosphere - the chef was bringing the dishes himself to the table. As this is a work in progress, don't come expecting perfection from the decor to the dishes. There are some standouts from our experience. Carbonara...delicious! Homestead tomatoes...yummy! Florida Peaches and ham...excellent. Can't wait for the second round of tasting. Come with an open heart and support these fine people. (This is not a paid endorsement, just a budding fan)
Definitely living up to the hype.  I almost feel bad about not giving Eating House a five star rating.  I give it four and a half.  Had heard much about this restaurant.  We were a group of 8 so we decided to try every menu item. With exception of the plantain and eggplant, every other dish was solid.  If the food was solid, the service was stellar.   Our server Joseph had a great positive can do attitude, put lots care and effort in serving us and was more than willing to share his insight. In making the reservation I had changed it from 6 to 8 and it did not register and he was able to make it work.   Heard the brunch is wonderful.  Will have to come back and check it out.  Keep up the good work!
I've only been there once for brunch. Almost made the cut off for letting people in. Then waited for like 45 min with tang mimosas at hand, so it wasn't too bad. I don't even want to talk about the food because it's so freaking good. Best food in town I'd say. Prices are fair. Service is very good. Atmosphere is nice. I want to go there again, and soon! Maybe for a Heat game. They say the put a projection screen and have some unique dishes on game day. Can't wait!
Absolutely Fantastic. This SOCHO restuarant has absolutely nailed the informal fine dining experience. With a 35 seats and a small bar area the Resto is intimate. The head chef, a young, dude expedites and finishes plates while a motley crew of cuisine savants toils away in a chest height window. Rotating menus show a bit of culinary ADD which I love. Really inventive combinations create flavor profiles that are surprising but on-point. This chicken and waffles...KABLOOM goes the skull. Kabloomey. This chicken is out of it's mind; the syrup has a twist and the serving size is absolutely perfect. Big Thick noodles make up the carbonara pasta, you won't eat for 4 days. Time is running out, get there before it's too expensive.
Great pop up restaurant at Cafe Ponce at night.  Food was inventive, interesting, and fun, and the hipster clientele and chef/wait staff all would be at home in the Mission  in San Francisco.   I think they change location every six months, and I imagine the web site gives you that intel.  Probably the best sit-down meal we had in Miami and ranks high up in the combo fun/worth it culinary plane.
I've been here multiple times and have never reviewed.  I'll keep it simple. Food: Creative and delicious Service : Always awesome Atmosphere :  Alive and inviting Amazing place
Great place with many interesting dishes. Shared two dishes......short rib sliders with a wonderful truffle sauce - regretted sharing. But got a chance to try the chicken and  waffles that my girlfriend ordered. Very good but could have used a bit more something....some sort of sauce maybe? Looked like there was a pinkish sauce on the plate on which the chicken and waffles were placed but not enough to really enjoy. Main complaint is that the food was on the cold side. Would have been perfect served hot. Despite that, would love to go back and try more.
Holy overrated restaurant!  I wasn't even a little impressed by this place.  This was a huge disappointment especially since I've heard such wonderful things.  Maybe we ordered the wrong entrees?  Who knows.   First, we walk in and the place is tiny.  Ok that's not a big deal.  The hostess informs us that we can sit at the bar immediately OR wait 45 minutes for a table.  Umm no-brainer...bar it is!  We went for breakfast and I had the guava/cheese torrejas and my BF had the cinnamon french toast something.  If you don't mind a diabetic coma, these are definitely the dishes for you.  The torrejas would be great if they didn't add sugar to the cream cheese drizzle on top of the already super sweet guava!  We ordered a side of bacon to kill a little of the sugar taste we couldn't shake off.  Big mistake!  The bacon had maple all over it.  Normally this would be an amazing discovery but I was already grossed out by all the sugar I had with the torrejas. Maybe their dinner is better?  Unfortunately I'll never know because I have no intention of going back.
Really cool vibe here and wanted to love this place. I really liked it was it was not off the charts. Very good. Just not great. Service was excellent. Friendly and helpful. The kind of people you want to hang around. Really good menu with great plates for sharing. We started with the Steak Tartar. Good, but I had had much better. Next we had tomatoes with hydrogen freezed coconut water. Cool, refreshing, creative and delicious. Next we had Brussel Sprouts with crunchy Chinese style noodles on the top. I love brussel sprouts. These were good and a very large portion. I love salt but these were way over-seasoned and I couldn't finish them based on the salt content. Last we had the Ox Tails. Incredible tender and perfectly cooked. Tasted great and a good sized portion. Recommended. Desserts looked great but we were stuffed. Many tables had tow dishes that looked incredible. The fried chicken and waffles were on most tables but looked too heavy for the two of us. The pasta carbonara also looked great but too rich a dish for me. Would have loved a bite! Prices were reasonable for quality and portion sizes. I enjoyed it here and will retuen during my next visit.
The ambiance could be better, as it is a bit brightly lit. The food, however, so good! The cabornara is a must!!! Do not leave without getting it. Its a great place if you like to share and try it all. You can order multiple dishes and finish it off with great desserts. Make a reservation because the place is small and typically full. I will go back anytime!
You should definitely make a reservation, if not be ready to wait 45 min to an hour. The chicken and waffles were mouth watering, the eggs Benedict were good but small and the hash browns were delicious as well.
One of the best restaurants in Coral Gables, hands down. Each day offers a new menu with a host of small plates and large plates. They encourage family style, but you can get a large plate for yourself and it is just the right amount. You have to try the buffalo cauliflower if they have it! Sea scallops were phenomenal and so was the gnocchi. It's a small place and very popular so either make a reservation or get there expecting a wait. They apparently charge a $25 per person cancellation charge if you don't honor your reservation, so you have to be serious! Eating House is a little bit hipster, but the good and service are great so who cares! Will DEFINITELY be back soon.
I visited Eating House in December for brunch with a group of girlfriends with high expectations and very refined pallets. We'd all heard great things about Eating House and were ready to have our lives changed. I tried the bk hash browns, carbonara eggs benedict, and the chicken & waffles. My favorite of the dishes I tried were the chicken & waffles. The hashbrowns with oven roasted ketchup were yummy, but the eggs benedict were nothing to write home about. Unfortunately, most of the girls at the table ordered some of the same dishes so we didn't get to try a lot of the things on the menu. One of the patrons at a table near us ordered the waffles and pancakes which looked out-of-this-world.  I'd like to return to Eating House to try some of their dinner dishes other Yelpers keep raving about!
Great food and very filling. Great place to share different items. The heirloom tomatoes was delicious.
Been twice, once for brunch and once for dinner, and both times I had great service and delicious, unique, food.  I've been meaning to go back there for a while.  I'm glad the popup turned into a permanent restaurant because the food was really tasty and its a nice change from the usual miami restaurants.
This is the one resto that I ALWAYS recommend to people. Everything is creative and delicious. The portions are great for sharing, so you can definitely go in a group or on a date. It's a small and intimate space -- which adds to its charm -- and everyone is super friendly. The last time I was in, the chef came out and greeted the guests, which usually doesn't happen at most places. Will be going back!
Heard about it from my favorite bartender at Sugarcane (k) and I feel like if everyday after that it kept being mentioned by every blog, newsletter or food lover I know. And all the hype lived up to its expectations - the dining experience was amazing. I got there early @ 7pm when it opened -  on a Wednesday after what I heard was their busiest night ever. Was meeting up with some friends and while I waited I had adobo popcorn and a nice glass of wine. They have a good but small selection of beers and wine. And the nice thing is that the cost per bottle of wine is about the same as if you were to split it up by the glass. We ate like kings and had the pleasure of meeting the miamis own celebrity in the making chef Giorgio. He was great about talking to us about the chopped tv experience; and in many ways would present each dish he delivered like of we were judges and he was explaining what we were about to eat. And we ATE... Mac &cheese- which is really macaroni with calabaza - no cheese. Amazing bone marrow, ridiculous chicken and waffles. AND my favorite Pasta Carbonara. As per my suggestion (which also mimicked the chef's) we ended with the Tomatoe salad to clean and freshen our palate.  It was paired with frozen coconut milk a combination I would have never imagined but WOW tasted so good. For desert we really had no room - but we couldn't walk away without trying something, so we ordered the krispy kream torrejas with cafe con leche ice cream - and that was as great as it sounds. Going back again and telling everyone about it.
Wow. Not impressed. Ordered the shasito peppers as an app. Undersalted and dusted with (what it tasted like) cheetos powder and queso fresco. Then, ordered the masa gnocci. The food was lukewarm. The gnocci were very very dense. The pork was too sweet and there was no acidity to break the flavor. Way too rich. Don't know if i'll be back but if i do i wont order the same thing.
If I could rate this place a 10 I would. This place is a new upcoming restaurant tucked in a corner in the gables. So I went with my cousin who had not stopped talking about this place and now I understand why! The vibe was amazing, playing classic hip hop in the back! Which is my favorite, not so loud but loud enough to hear. Going for brunch on Sunday? Better make reservations because this little hole in the wall does get full, and quick! We did not have any reservations but we were able to get sat with the first round since we were there at about 11:45am. Once sitting down, ordered myself a Tang Mimosa, YES tang it was beyond good never thought to mix an old school drink with champagne but it worked out great!. We were 4 so we shared a little bit of everything. First things first the " BK TATER TOTS" and when they say BK they mean BK, they tasted exactly  as the Burger King tater tot but 1million times better of course with there homemade ketchup, we pretty much ate that in 2.5 seconds, we came hungry and ready to eat. Chicken and waffles, I have never had chicken and waffles from anywhere so I went ahead and ordered myself some. They top if off with bacon and lots of syrup, first time trying chicken and waffles and I'm addicted! Thanks eating house! The chicken was tender and the waffles were cooked to perfection just enough crisp to them! My bf and I ordered it to share, not to much sharing took place! ;) he went ahead an ordered the Eggs Benedict Carbonara, it was so delicious the eggs were cooked to perfection! We were so satisfied and full but how can I leave this place without trying the Captain Crunch Pancakes which is by far my favorite cereal! OMG OMG OMG a party in your mouth, they have condensed milk AKA leche condensada and let me tell you they were the most delicious things I have ever tried, I am literally still dreaming of them! Is that even possible? Well when you try them you will understand completely where I am coming from. 3 mimosas down and all that food I'm stuffed! Pricing is in the middle, you pay for what you eat and you are eating good food so its worth it. Will I be coming again? YES! if it wasn't that I am leaving town this weekend I would of made reservations for Sunday again! P.S They change the menu every week and you can see it online before brunch on Sunday!
Thanks to Yelp I was able to try out this spot before my Miami trip ended! First and foremost... make reservations! I came here around 1 and waited about 40 - 45 mins before getting seated. I wish I had read prior reviews about reservations before coming. Anyhow, our host was very attentive and got us tang mimosas while we waited and occasionally let us know an estimated time to when we would be seated next. My boyfriend and I ordered the Cap'n Crunch Pancakes and the Chicken & Waffles. The Cap'n Crunch Pancakes were amazing. Whoever thought of this... is a GENIUS. I don't have a big sweet tooth and nearly cleaned the plate. The Chicken & Waffles were okay. The chicken was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, however the waffles were hard. I wouldn't recommend the Chicken & Waffles, but definitely give the Cap'n Crunch Pancakes a try!! (5 stars for the pancakes and awesome customer service!)
My girlfriend and I went over a year ago when it first opened. I, a vegetarian at the time, and she, a vegan found only a couple things on the menu that we could order. The chef offered to alter some of the main dishes to accommodate us, and the food was still great. I had a food high from the pasta carbonara that lasted about a week, and I've also never had brussel sprouts this good. Yes, brussel sprouts that I remember more than a year later. If you're into food, go here and bring a date.
The Eating House is truly as good as one gets in Miami. I heard about Eating House from a colleague, so when I had a foodie client come into town, I decided to take him.   Overwhelmed by the rotating options, we decided we would order progressively beginning at the top of the menu and work our way down. Our method allowed us to begin with vegetable dishes and then work our way to proteins.   We began with three vegetables: the carrots, the brussel sprouts, and the heirloom tomatoes. The carrots were served with chimmi churri and smoked tahini, which created a wonderful flavor profile. The most surprising aspect of the carrots, however, was that they were cooked so that the little bit of juvenile root at the foot of the carrot was crunchy and added texture to the dish. With ourtomatoes, the textural tour de force continued, as that tomatoes are served with a serving of flash frozen coconut milk pieces (think coconut milk Dippin' Dots). Between the flavors and the textures of all the vegetable dishes, we could barely stop eating and only awaited our 3 entrees.   As our main courses, we ordered the pork belly, duck breast, and the chicken and waffles. All the portions were healthy and perfect to share, and we all shot glances at one another looking to see who would dare take the last morsel of any of the dishes. Unsurprisingly, everything was amazing. The chicken and waffles lived up to its hype, and I will admit I had a  hard time not hogging it all. The duck breast was also wonderful, perfectly cooked and beautifully plated with eggplant and platano.   Overall, this is one of those must-hit Miami restaurants if you or someone you know if a foodie.
The Star Rating speaks for itself. Every meal I've had at this place has taken me on a journey. I simply love this place, its food,  and its people. Simply put, it really does not get any better than this. Anything short of 5 stars at this point is an injustice. This update aims to remedy that.
I came on a Sunday to have brunch with my husband. When we arrived we stood at the front for 10 min before anyone acknowledged us. We were finally told we would have a space at the bar and when two seats cleared up, they ended up giving the space to another couple which got there after us. The bartender saw this and just gave us a blank stare then offered us seats against the window. Once we finally got our food things got better but the service was still mediocre.
Wait on Sundays for brunch is about an hour without reservation (which I tried for but was already booked). Had chicken & waffles (great boneless General Tso's) also the pancakes plate (thick, rich and way too much for one person). Great meal with a bunch of other stuff I wanna try in the future.
Although I'm not a fan of small tapas style dishes or even sharing the food from a dish with other people, but at this place it works.  It gives you more opportunity to sample more tastes, more flavors, more creativity.  Also, it would be just too much of a good thing to have one big dish of something all to yourself.  Share!  Go ahead, have some of mine! The chef and kitchen staff have the golden touch.  Unless it's butter, lard and bacon fat, I don't know what it is that they put in each and every dish to make it the best thing you ever tasted.  But it's there.  Even a familiar dish has a special flavor that let's you know you are in the realm of greatness. It's informal, but the food is top-hotch.  No point in telling you what I had because it's all good, and they always change the menu.  You'll have to get past the hipster-esque plaid shirt and jeans dress code for the waiters, and the rest of the place is on point.
This place was ON POINT! Had the Chicken & Waffles, Short Ribs, and Dirt Cup! Chicken & Waffles were fried light and crispy, Short Ribs were juicy, and the Dirt Cup was a next level McFlurry!
Caution: you will be addicted. It's a cozy, casual space with high quality, fine food. EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing. All plates are sharables. Or not. And please order the Korean BBQ Brussel Sprouts and the Chicken and Waffles. Whoa. The story of it's opening is really impressive and heart-warming. The service is great. It feels like you're dining in someone's home. Super family-style.
No vegan options. Disappointing to say the least. Even the veg-"friendly" dishes had FISH sauce. I won't ever be back until there are VEGAN options.
If you are hungry I suggest you make a reservation ahead of time, otherwise be prepared to be waiting under the Miami hot sun for at least 45 minutes! When doors open the waitress calls reservations first, waits 15 mins and proceeds to start seating walk ins. You can sit at the bar and it's the same service there. If your party consists of two, good luck, there are only two tables for couples, the rest are for parties of four or more and the waitress said they don't split tables so we had to go ahead and sit at the bar. You might think it's not a bad decision, well it was. Uncomfortable stools and claustrophobia meet at this bar for daily drinks. The workers are right in your face, there is chaos going on the other side and the cups of water smell like eggs. The menu is small, very limited and it's a small sheet of lose paper that doesn't say much. Very plain and unappetizing. We decided to leave without ordering anything. The only item in the menu that sounded interesting was the cap'n' crunch pancakes and honestly I don't ever like that cereal! I give this place two stars because in reality I didn't taste the food but by the experience I had and the treatment we received they deserve nothing more.
This place was great! Everything we ordered was so unbelievable that we returned the day after for brunch.  It was a bit of fusion food, asian/spanish/american. The prices were also reasonable. The presentation of the food was amazing as well. For dessert, they had a dirt cup which looks like what it sounds like but was a very fancy version of ice cream cake. This place is definitely a place we'll return to when we go back to Miami.
Amazing! Had the Cap n' Crunch waffles as a dessert, but it's totally a meal on it's own. Highly recommended restaurant! It lost 1 star because we didn't have a brunch reservation, so we stood outside in the rain for 45mins. When a table became open, the hostess blatantly told us we only had 30 mins to eat and that the restaurant reserves the right to basically 'kick you out' to accommodate reservation holders. Thought that was a little rough. Great food however! Love this place!
The food is fantastic! I came for a birthday brunch and while the food blew me away, so did the ambiance! They had 90's rap happening... Wow! Joe, our server was accommodating and outstanding. I will definitely return and recommend
Awesome food great atmosphere! Drive by very frequently and always see it full decided to try it with my GF. She made the reservation on here and I was pleased to find a reserved table upon our arrival. The menu is very unique with lots of items you won't usually find and interesting combinations , we ordered the bone marrow it was great with eggs n toast , followed by a vaca frita, pasta carbonara and a wonderful desert. The Carbonara was my favorite the flavor is seriously epic! And the dessert was a dirt cup like the name it looks like a dirt cup but tastes DELICIOUS!!!
Very casual ambience, great variety of food to select from; chicken, raw cabbage, fl tomatoes, the "must have" oxtail. That was DELICIOUS and FLAVORFUL. Also ordered the duck but I wouldn't recommend it.. It was the only thing that I disliked actually. The wine was good and the service was great and very attentive.
Why did I wait so long to go here?  It means I deprived myself of amazing food for longer than needed.  If you want to come here on a weekend night, make reservations in advance.  I called a few days before and got a 9pm seating for 2 on a Friday night.  I have not tried to come here on a week night but I would make reservations just in case. The menu here is one of the most adventurous and interesting I have experienced in Miami...and with success!  I was not disappointed with any of my dishes and I doubt there will be many who would be; come in with an open mind, an empty stomach and you will not be disappointed. Another cool about Eating House is that the menu changes frequently, but there are a few dishes that are "signature" so you can count on them.  This provides the perfect balance between your "go-to" dishes and pushing you out of your comfort zone and into the unknown. I really liked the brussel sprouts.  I assumed they would taste similar to the dish at Sakaya, Gigis, and even Pao Town but Eating House does a good job making this dish unique.  Korean BBQ sauce adds a nice kick, deep fried egg noodles gives an added crunch and texture and the 75' egg pulls it together in a oooey goooey mess that is surprisingly addictive. My favorite dish of the night is longer on the menu but that has not deterred me from going back.  Be that as it may I cannot help but write about the genius that is in whipped fried egg mousse...OMG!   **Note to Eating House** Please bring this back as a garnish to ANY dish! and save room for the 'dirt cup' - you will NOT be disappointed.  It looks as cute as it sounds too.
The venue itself is hard to find as there is no identifiable sign, either on the windows, or the black awning above.  Maybe this is on purpose as part of the catchy appeal?  I found it annoying to have only discovered where it was after calling and needing direct walking directions.  PUT UP A SIGN!    In any case, the food was amazing.  Popcorn is served while reviewing the menu. For starters I had the burrata, which paired with grapes, was very unique and tasty.  Well done. For my entree I had the amazing chicken and waffles, and its a large portion for the price.  I love wheat beers, and the recommended Ayinger was delicious.  To finish it all off, I had the Dirt Cup, cool to look at, not that tasty actually.  Despite the food being wonderful, the hard to fine venue and the "we're too cool cause we work here" attitude from the servers definitely warrants the 3 star review.  I won't be coming back or recommending it.
I was hesitant at first because I came for lunch last year and didn't really love any of the overpriced sandwiches we shared but I wanted to give this place a second chance for dinner. I made a reservation online for 9:30pm but arrived early at 9:00pm on a Thursday evening and was seated right away. The open kitchen grabbed my attention right away, I just love open kitchens and seeing everything going down in there. Its like reality TV but real life! And you could avoid any "Waiting" moments, if you know what I'm sayin. When you are seated you are greeted with this herby popcorn which you can munch on while perusing the menu. It is hard to choose because these dishes have alot of personality that I don't think the descriptions do justice. I'll break down what was ordered in terms from most to least favorite: 1. Pasta carbonara- seeing the reviews on here we weren't sure whether to order the chicken and waffles or the pasta carbonara as these 2 are by far the most popular dishes. But I am so happy we ordered this dish as I think it is one of the best dishes I have ever tasted in Miami. I do love me some truffle oil but there was definitely another soulful fun element added with breaking the egg yolk into the dish and slurping up all that delicious sauce with the broad noodles. 2. Queso frito- alright alright alright..you goin learn today. this dish was our second favorite but really close to the first dish. it was fried cheese (can't remember which), paired with a garlic rubbed toasted cuban bread, and smoked guava puree. *sigh* a bit heavy as an appetizer to our meal but geez it was so so good. 3. Butter pie- yup. butter. pie. not the healthiest dish on the menu. but if you've ever been to Momofuku milk bar in NYC and had their famous "crack pie"..then this is IT! You can get your "crack pie" fix here with Eating House's "butter pie". No need to travel. Plus on this dish you get special ice cream with special powders and special salt for your special self. 4. Short Ribs- I can't believe this was my least favorite dish but it was just SO SO SALTY. I love my food heavily seasoned but this was really hard to eat, even though the meat was really tender. I feel bad sending food back =/ so I didn't but all the elements on the plate were so salty (meat, cauliflower, puree) that I couldn't just take a bite of something salty and bland together to neutralize it. But overall 4/5 stars is accurate. I'm definitely a fan and will be back to order prolly all the same things except the short ribs!
So if I only had one meal left on planet Earth, this just might be it. Fried chicken waffles, I'll take 2 please. Oh my heavens. Candied brussel sprouts, if my mom would have ever made them like this, I never would have tried feeding them to the dog. This is one of those dishes that if you know how to make them taste this good, everyone will want to invite you to their dinner parties and insist you bring them. We also had the pasta carbonana, it was good, however, I wouldn't order it again. The other two dishes were way beyond that.
I have yet to eat brunch here so this review is for my dinner service. When we walked in there were no tables available so we ate at the bar, which was fine by me. Our bartender/waiter was really friendly! I did notice though that only good looking men in checkered shirts work there (a la hooters). I didn't voice this observation to my husband though, but I thought you'd like to know. The food...oh the food! We started with the fl tomatoes. I am not a tomatoe fan, but this is a must have! It has coconut ice. Coconut ice people! I've never exeperienced this, but now I want coconut ice on everything. Now to get on to the good stuff. I chose the chicken and foie-ffles as my entree. I was not disappointed, but then again I never am with that sweet and savory combination. Eating House takes it to another level though, with their foie gras waffles and candied bacon. This.is.to.die.for! I loved it. I don't know what my husband had because it wasn't as good as my chicken. For dessert, we had the dirt cup. It was really good, but I am not big on desserts, so I just wanted more chicken. I am so looking forward to go for brunch now!
We had an incredible meal at Eating House.  We went with another couple and because there were four of us we decided to indulge and try almost everything.  We ate everything from bone marrow to mac and cheese to cap'n crunch moose to braised and tartare short ribs... It was an epic meal.  The only item that we ordered that we were disappointed with was the mac and cheese... but hey... its mac and cheese.  We all left dreaming about the brussels sprouts.    Its been a week and I am still dreaming about them.   I hope the rumors of Eating House returning are true...
Excellent restaurant tucked away on the on the way to Coral Gables.  The menu has a mix of popular items and items on rotation.  It is a very laid back atmosphere, with attentive staff who know the menu well.  Every staff member was friendly and often rotate in and out for each other.  This made for a nice experience as they all know the process and can execute for each other. Parking is a nightmare, but where in Miami is it not?  Find street parking and pay the meter for 2 hours and walk around the nice historic area. The food was on point.  I won't go into the details of my order as others have already done that.  Just suffice to say they are consistent and creative.
So I've eaten here twice, and wasn't disappointed by anything either time.  I really hate jumping on a culinary bandwagon, but here it goes:  The highlights were the tomato salad with coconut ice, the beef tartar, and the bone marrow that was like a deconstructed french onion soup.  It was bone marrow with french onion soup onions and a cheesy toast to put it all on top of.  I will definitely be going back multiple times.
Location is too tight & the brunch hour on Sundays is mayhem. To be honest the portions are very skewed - some are Huge (pancakes) and the eggs Benedict are Tiny. The best thing is the captain crunch pancakes but the service felt rushed - hate that. I won't return.
The good news is that Giorgio Rapicavoli and company are back permanently in their space at Ponce de Leon and Calle Ocho, with Eating House's soft opening on November 23, 2012.  The not so good news is that one should wait a little while before going back. Because they have just reopened, I am maintaining their 4-star rating, although they are not up to their 4-star quality just yet.  The few dishes that we tried: Padron Peppers (a la Senora Martinez?) ($9), Brussel Sprouts 64 degrees ($10), Bone Marrow ($14) and duck ($23) were not well executed and generally disappointing.  For example, the duck came out raw, was accompanied by burnt black broccoli and missing the plantain and black garlic romesco that the menu promised. The wine service was also quite inept. Now, many of the people working here are the same ones we met when Eating House was a "pop up" restaurant, so we know that everyone can do much, much better.   We will go back again in a couple of months and trust that they will maintain the 4 stars that were so well-earned in the past.
I ordered chicken and waffles not chicken and burnt waffles. My man ordered the crunch pancakes.. COLD and Burnt as well. Not to mention his food was brought out about half an hour before mines was. Service was ehhh. Waiting 5 min. To be attended and seated. Most definitely not worth $40! Gave the dumb waiter $60 so he could bring back change but he didn't so his tip was total shit for being a numb nuts.  DO NOT GIVE IN TO THE HYPE. Half of the reviews on here are totally horse shit and more than likely friends or people they pay. Will never be coming back to this hole. Most importantly I did not see one person from kitchen staff wearing gloves especially the woman that was finishing the plates up before serving. Total joke! Avoid this place at all cost!
Made a reservation for ten pm via email. Food was great. The chef/owner brought us our desert. All the staff are either family or friends and provided very good service. Can't wait to go back. Ps order what ever u want because its all good. And for desert get a "cup of dirt". Trust me. It's awesome.
It's really strange that all the majority of the good reviews are from women and all the bad from men. Sorry but I have to say there is absolutely nothing spectacular about this restaurant and I will go on a limb and say it's actually pretty bland. It may have been good in the beginning but thanks to Yelp all the success has gone to their head. The service was unbelievably bad, even for Miami. I hope they turn the ship around soon, but I don't plan on going back. PS: Is it a one star restaurant? No but I considering how many 5 star reviews there are here, I thought it was appropriate.
I had not seen this chef on the Food Network. And I had not heard of this chef prior to this restaurant. But the whole concept of a pop-up restaurant seemed to draw me to this location, and I am glad it did. Besides, how could I not come here with all the hype surrounding this restaurant. I'm sure that by reading all previous reviews, you can get some sort of idea about what a pop-up is, and my only comment on that is that Miami better get used to this new concept, because it is something that we will be seeing more often. On top of that, just the fact that restaurants such as these are only open for a short amount of time just draws people in. So when you come here, prepare to wait for a table. I came on a Tuesday night and had to wait around 40 minutes for a table of two. The ambiance was great. Not too dark, not too loud, and a lively clientele. My least favorite part was that it was a bit too hot. Turn down the air a little please. The beer selection is great and the menu is constantly changing with a couple of mainstays. I had the privilege of trying many of the dishes and my favorite was the brussel sprouts with the fried egg. It was a perfect fusion of korean with american cooking. That plus fresh ingredients equals a wonderfully simple dish, just like all cooking should be. I love the type of cuisine this chef is working with. That and the fact that all prices are extremely reasonable makes this a restaurant I wish would stay. But I understand why it cannot, and it is something that I respect. This will be a sort of experience that will live in my past and I will not be able to experience again after it is done. So just like other memories, it will be something I can look back at and use to make me smile. That is more than I can say about 95% of the restaurants in Miami, and for that, I love Eating House.
The wait at this place is an absolute disaster. If you plan on coming for brunch make sure to get a reservation!!! After waiting an hour and 15 when we were told 45 minutes we were finally seated. Waiter was very friendly. I had the chicken and waffle and my girlfriend had the cap'n crunch pancakes. Both were excellent, but the cap'n crunch pancakes were, BY FAR, the best pancakes I've ever had in my life. Definitely worth a try.
Perfect selection that gives you a light meal filled with complex flavor.  Call ahead to verify if that have items still available.  Chicken and waffles were amazing, as were the sweetbreads.
Amazing Sunday Brunch!!!!!! The service,  the food, & ambience were excellent. You have to make reservations week in advance, it was a good thing at 11 AM before they open the doors there was a line outside the door already, with reservations we got seated right away. We had fried cauliflower, candied bacon, burrata, & chicken & waffles. So delicious!!!!!!! The dessert the dirt pot was incredible. Planning on coming back very soon again!
Delicious! I highly recommend that you check this place out before it closes it'll be open for 8 months!
Would I recommend this gem HELL YEA atmosphere is dope food is amazing been here a few times. Vibe is great one of the co owners came greeted us even les us to our table cap'n crunch pancakes are a must have we orders the pancakes chicken and waffles and the bk hash browns super amazing the cakes have a condensed milk topping instead of the norm syrup which gives it a unique flavor and taste the chicken and waffles are more chicken then waffles but very crispy and has a very light drizzle of syrup which gives you a sweet chicken which is perfect now as a appetizer the bk hash browns is a must have very crunchy and tasty couldn't stop eating them. Food came out super fast. We also had some mimosas while we had our brunch tangy it was but very good. The decor is amazing every time I've came to eating house it catches my eye simply for the unique back wall with Nike sneakers as well as way of wade sneakers that had my jaw dropped
Love the concept. Love the straightforward "hey, we are not trying to last forever, we are not trying to be elite, we just have good food and great service" attitude. Love that the menu changes slightly daily, all day I was waiting for that night's to be posted in anticipation. It also invokes that whole "limited time, I have to try this place" sense of urgency. Saturday night, packed house, several large tables waiting. We managed to score a two top in the corner (yes, it helped that my husband I both mutually somehow knew Giorgio & Alex), which surprisingly was romantically cozy vs. claustrophobic. Loved the crowd - every conversation was about food and wine. What really impressed me is the fast service. I assumed that made fresh and local ingredients and hand -whatever would equal taking forever, be patient and good things will come kind of dishes. Everything came out in perfect timing, as we finished one dish, the next was there waiting. Definitely a place to take more than two people, and share plates so you can have a bite of everything. We ordered a lot, but the dishes were so rich and amazing it was hard to finish them completely. Two bites would have sufficed of most items. The fettuccine carbonara was like carbs and bacon and cream and truffles all had an orgy that resulted in a little baby egg yolk on top. I literally could have licked the plate. The homestead tomatoes had this frozen coconut foam or something and peanuts, creative and perfect and I'm not even sure what was so good about it - it just worked together. The best part was the last few bites of that peanut butter breakfasty jar dessert concoction - it had a simple pannacotta on the bottom layer that was so clean and airy, it was just a perfect light ending to everything rich and decadent. I wasn't totally impressed with the banh marrow - but it was very impressive looking. The mac & cheese (with no cheese, pumpkin) was gone in about two seconds, I LOVE pumpkin and pasta - but I feel like it would've been more suited for fall? Maybe I'm just delusional in the sense that Miami should have actual seasons. The play on coconut cake was SUPER rich, and super sweet, which was great to have such big flavor in a few small bites - but being that I didn't read the menu properly, I was disappointed that it was just a few pretty spoonfuls of batter across a plate with some whip cream. I asked "where is the cake"? My only con, and it may just be a personal petpeeve - I don't think the 5 big flat screen tvs serve a purpose. The food is good, the ambiance is good, the service is good. A little music would have sufficed. The multiple flashing games overwhelming the dim lighting was just a bit distracting. I want to try brunch. And whatever that dessert is with the sea salt that the table next to me nearly fainted over.
I've been once for Sunday brunch and once on a Saturday for dinner. Definitely make a reservation at least one day ahead if you are going for brunch (unless you don't mind waiting). Went around 7:30ish on a Saturday night and there was no wait. The chicken n waffles is sooo good. The chicken alone is pretty darn good. Had it first for brunch and was craving it the rest of the week so went back the following Saturday (good thing they have it for dinner as well). I also had the Capn Crunch pancakes during brunch. This too was really good, but it's very heavy and sweet. I wouldn't want it as an entire meal, but it is worth trying. The dirt cup for dessert is just okay - I had higher expectations. I don't remember what else I had for dinner, but I guess it wasn't memorable. The service is great - very friendly staff! I give it 5 stars for the chicken n waffles (because it is that delicious) and service.
Came here for weekend brunch and I was just slightly under impressed. It may have been expecting more after all the hype I have heard from friends and read on yelp. Overall I enjoyed the meal but expected more for such a praised establishment. The wait was ridiculous as this is a hot spot. But if you made it here, you'll most likely wait. So plan your next couple hours accordingly. I ordered the calentado and the girlfriend agreed to share with me after she asked the waiter if it was big enough to share. He said it was very big and more than enough to share. When the dish arrived we were left looking at in complete laughter. We swore he was playing a prank on us. The dish came served in a regular sized bowl, nothing was big about it. The dish was good, and tasted exactly how you'd expect your left over dinner to taste the next morning. Bean, Rice, and Steak. No wow factor for me, but none the less it was good. We proceeded and ordered the capt'n crunch pancakes. Again these were good but I didn't seem to find the culinary amazingness in them. Im debating giving it a second try.
After much fanfare and buzz, I finally made it to the Eating House. It's on the corner of 8th and Ponce - look for easier parking on the next cross-street, but note, metered parking is for 2 hours only. Service was very good, the server was very knowledgable about the menu, and did a great job pointing out some of their staples, which was exactly what we tried. Here's what we had: - Queso Frito - Yeah, we're hispanic and couldn't resist. It comes in small squares, along with pieces of bread and a BBQ sauce. Very good! - Brussel Sprouts - Had a pouched egg in the middle of soy glazed sprouts with crispy noodles on top. I could have done without the crispy noodles, those just got messy. - Chicken & Waffles - Chicken, Bacon, Waffles, Syrup, Ranch....nuff said. - Carbonara - Classicly prepared with an egg served over the truffled, pancetta, wide pasta. A bit heavy, but delicious. Dessert - Dirt Cup...I thought it was a joke when it arrived...it looks like a potted plant, but inside is a mixture of soft delciousness...cookie crumb, mousse, caramel, salt, etc...
Everything was amazing for brunch. Had been wanting to come here for a while and made it this Sunday. I didn't get to make a reservation but I got lucky and someone canceled when I got there. If u can make one. U can wait an hour or more if u just walk in. Service was superb. Food was superb. Chef was superb. Ran into my friend Gaston and he works in the kitchen. Great guy and employee. Pretty much tried the whole menu and wouldn't change a thing. This place and michaels genuine are by far the 2 best places for brunch in Miami. Will def be back soon for brunch and try dinner service as well.
LOVED this place!! Loved how they have a different twist on all their menu items. LOVE LOVE LOVE the olives!! The cheesecake was delish and different!!
Waited about an hour for a table for 2 around 1 pm on a Sunday. Almost left because the wait was taking forever, but glad we waited. The food was very good. We got: - a champagne drink (can't remember exactly what it was called but it was yummy) - regular mimosa (tang mimosa just sounded strange, but if you like that sort of thing, lots of people were drinking these outside while waiting for a table) - BK hashbrowns (meh, nothing special) - beets (refreshing and a different presentation than everywhere else, but a little bit too salty for me) - tomatoes (highly recommended - the best dish we had. Tastes like a Thai dish, with the balls of frozen coconut milk.) - maiz (sweet, with what seemed to be flakes of Fritos on top.) - calentado (we were so full by this point that I'm not sure what this tasted like, but it looked beautiful). TL;DR: Everything is good, but get the tomatoes for sure. If there's 2 of you, 3-4 dishes is more than enough food. Everything was very flavorful, the service was good, and I'd come back if I lived in this city. FYI: For some reason Yelp & Google Maps on my phone wouldn't cooperate when I was searching for this place, so we ended up driving around some residential neighborhood for a while. If you're lost, double check the address and manually type it in!
This place is fantastic. Came for lunch had the carbonara burger and it was amazing. Cooked to perfection and fresh. Place is small so make reservations
The pasta carbonara is divine! The fried Oreos are even better!
- Amazing fun food with a twist. - Chef makes every dish with care.   - You need advance reservations.  They do not accept reservation more than 2 weeks ahead. - Street parking available. We were lucky enough to receive a chef special of a de-constructed cheesecake with black olives, which were prepared in such a way that the entire dish screamed Christmas.  The olives could have been imaginary prunes with an aroma of winter spices. Just the Best I have ever had.  The cheesecake wowed me even after having been full from my Captain Crunch Pancakes (AAHHmazing!), caramelized bacon (the Best and only way bacon should be eaten :) ) and some chicken and waffles (perfectly prepared). Eating House, we loved your food and we shall be back!
My new favorite place.  Not to brag, but I've been told I am a gourmet cook, so it's hard for me to get excited about a place that cooks better than me!  Everything we ordered was good.  Went online to find out what time they closed and the website said 5pm (Sunday), so at 3:30 we headed over there.  They let us in, seated us and gave us great food and exceptional service as well.  We were there for the Sunday brunch and will go for dinner and the Sunday brunch again and again and again.......
We were underwhelmed by the place.  But then again, we have a hard time eating food that makes you feel like you are going to have a coronary in 5 minutes.  The flavors were great at first, but after eating only 2 appetizers we decided not to stay for dinner.  We had brussel sprouts, which were good but clearly fried (which was not indicated on the menu). Also had something that was recommended as one of their best dishes...Queso Frito.  It was such an insane amount of cheese that there was still a ton left over after the bread had been eaten.  While the guava jam was a really nice complimentary flavor, we felt sick by the time we finished eating these two things.
This pop up restaurant may not be here for long so if I were you I'd make a stop in asap. My friends and I came in on a sunday for brunch and the items we sampled on the menu were delish! My favs were the coconut french toast slices and captain crunch pancakes. We also tried eggs b and the calentado. You must have one of their tang mimosas, will revert you back to childhood. I want to return for their dinner menu. Only slight issue we had is that it was extremely hot inside the day we went. But the food made it all worth while.
Its become apparent that Miami's food scene is getting way better! Eating house is a great example of the new kinds of restaurants being opened all over the city. It's intimate - you can go with someone or you can go in a small group. In my case however, I went with a party of 10. Obviously, we made reservations ahead of time (They asked for my credit card to reserve). The upside of going with such a big group is that I pretty much got to try a little bit of everything on the menu!! Here is a break down from what I remember (we went for brunch): Shellfish Ceviche - a unique flavor not like you'd expect from a ceviche. Definitely a toned down flavor with not too much of a lemony flavor. Eggs Benedict Carbonara- Very strong truffle flavor (a plus for us!!!). The parmesan on top was a really nice touch and they use a toasted french bread instead of the traditional english muffin. Captain Crunch Pancakes- I've got to admit that I was a little hesitant to try them but when I did I was pleasantly surprised!!! Must share this plate because its way to sweet to have it all by yourself. The cereal on top is a delicious touch and instead of maple syrup they use condensed milk ..... yummy!!!! Chicken and Waffles- Very good fried chicken with a piece of bacon on top!! Other than it was a normal chicken and waffles entree. Bacon- If you have a sweet tooth- get the bacon! Its deliciously sweet! Short Rib and Eggs-  I had high expectations for this dish.... sadly, I wasn't too impressed. I've had short rib many times and this was not a memorable one. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't the best. Hash Browns (Or was it tater tots???)- They come with a smoked ketchup that saves the dish!! Very different. A friend of mine got the other pancakes on the menu and the 'Calentado' but I was wayyyy to stuffed to trey them!! The 'Calentado' looked amazing from afar I would probably get that next time I go. Overall, this restaurant is a must try because of their delicious and different takes on food!
Words can't describe. You just have to go. Brunch menu is absolutely amazing. Goop hungry and make room for those Captain Crunch pancakes.
Cue Simon & Garfunkel. Was I the last living boy in Miami? I thought that was the case before eating here. Don't tell me you haven't done this, too. Going around to all your friends because you're known for knowing what the f@#! is good in Miami, and recommending this place before even coming here. Oh, no? You've never done that? Riiiiight. Cue Respiration - Black Star This is what urban dining is all about. Forget all the nice, frou-frou restaurants. That's for the Europe folk, brah! Give me hispanic, american fusion! Something reminiscent of my childhood while saying a statement of youts (See My Cousin Vinny) upbringing in a cultural bandeja that is Miami. Everything is good, and the pictures don't do the food justice, because even if they had smell-o-vision, you still can't taste in until you're there. Also, portions are good (hispanic guy talking here) and the prices are actually not bad at all. Yeah, it's in Coral Gables, and that's where some of the hidden elitists crawl about, but at least it's near Calle Ocho. Best food in Miami.
Im typically not a fan of fried chicken, but the fried chicken here was so juicy I loved it. Best chicken and waffles
This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Miami. I LOVE food and can always count on Eating House to impress my taste buds. I've been back quite a few times and each time I'm afraid things aren't going to taste as good as I remember. And each time I return whether I'm going back for a staple (Brussel sprouts) or trying out a special it just gets better and better. The menu is awesome and I love that it changes. The staples are always good - like really really really good. The aforementioned Brussel sprouts, chicken and waffles, pasta carbonara, and dirt cup are all MUST HAVES in my opinion. I love that it's small and always bustling. I think it adds to the vibe. I really like that Chef Rapicavoli is always there whether it's in the kitchen, expediting or explaining dishes. I appreciate his dedication to the place. Also I think the service is pretty amazing. It doesn't matter who your waiter/server is. If they walk by and see an empty glass they refill it, take another dish order or tend to you. My ONLY critique would be to increase the wine by the glass selection with some better pricing.   For those who complain about the wait - simple answer. Make a reservation!  And for those who don't like the noise  - stay home.
Love this place! After a few trips here for dinner, I finally made it to Eating House for brunch.  I've been dying to try the Cap'n Crunch pancakes and they did not disappoint by any means.  I've never tasted a pancake so must.  I was sad I couldn't eat it all at once but I enjoyed the rest as a snack later. The bacon is addictive. I wish I could eat a pound. The hash browns were cooked to perfection.  They shouldn't even mention "BK" in the name because BK has nothing on the hash browns at Eating House. My only qualm about giving this place 5 stars is the chicken and waffles dish.  The waffles are dry in my opinion and the dishes is only lightly drizzled with syrup so the waffles tend to be screaming for moisture. Fortunately, the chicken is incredibly juicy so it helps in balancing.   I've ordered this twice for dinner and once for brunch and thought it might have been a kitchen fluke but apparently this is how they meant for the waffle to be. I highly recommend this place and visit often as the menu constantly changes.  My compliments to Chef and the staff.  Oh and the music playlist is definitely on point! Good job DJ
Hmm I thought I had wrote a review for this... Anyway, I had went here for brunch with le beau and is mother. We had made reservations like a week ahead of time and we got seated within 15 mins. Considering there was an extremely long line when we got there. We ordered captain crunch pancakes which were very good just sweet. To me it is like pancakes sprinkled in captain crunch and drizzled with condensed milk. I'm sure they make the batter with some captain crunch in there somewhere. We also ordered the cuban guava french toast like deathly sweet. I ordered chicken and waffles probably the most balanced meal on the menu. Chicken was well seasoned and had a good crunch. Waffles were cooked to perfection as well. The orders dont come with anything extra like eggs or sausage. Everything is a La carte.  So we ordered a side of candied bacon which were very good nice a crunchy too. Tang mimosas are a bit pricey for the amount they give and I dont think they are anything special to regular mimosas. But you gotta have mimosas for brunch or else its not brunch!! Overall service was good. Water was always filled. I also hear dinner is good here as well so I would definitely come back and try dinner.
Great little trendy place in Coral Gables loved the brussel sprouts absolutely delicious give it a try.  Chicken and Waffle was good not my favorite but not bad.  Long wait to get a table but worth the wait.
I had heard a lot of hype coming into this place. Ordered their signature pasta carbonara. The pasta was wide and homemade, but the dish had little flavor unless you got a bite of bacon. The dirt cup desert was delicious but only outstanding because of the presentation. Definitely very cute waiters.
Went with two friends who go often, what an amazing place. Great service and great food. A bit pricey.. for three of us we spent $90.00.  Thought it was weird they charge for water. They change the menu often but have some fan favorite that stayed. Its def healthy and portions are small. I dont like bacon but Eating house bacon is like crack...AMAZING. Ox tail was great, chicken and waffle..yummmm. Theres a desert called the cup of dirt which my friends loved. I ordered breakfast 2.0 which wasnt great but i think thats cause they used eggs and not a cereal. over all i will go again and will try for brunch. long wait so prepare for that.
Excellent service, excellent food, excellent atmosphere. We got the chicken and waffles, the cabbage salad, the the cheese toast with guava and of corse, don't you dare miss out on the dirt cup!
The Chef is a CHOPPED champion.  He provides a menu that changes but does include some staples.  The dishes are meant to be shared.  We had 5 dishes and all were very good to excellent.  Highly recommend the tomatoes with frozen coconut and the teriyaki oxtail. Even the complementary popcorn had a distinctive taste. Excellent service.  The place is a little small so you might want to aim for a weeknight as I did see some folks waiting.
As a professional Chef, this is probably one of my favorite spots in Miami at the moment. Gio does a great job matching flavor profiles and executing grate plate ups. Been here 3 times and never had a bad moment. My first visit they forgot my reservation and offered us free wine and a quick table. The food was perfect and we've been coming back ever since.
Came here for brunch. There was a bit of a wait but the food and service was SO worth it. Host told me they take reservations... I'll keep that in mind next time. All in all, great place.
What a breath of fresh air. It's people like Giorgio and his team that are making the food culture in Miami mature. The food is fantastic and it does not take a lot to recognize the amount of love and passion that's put into each dish. Presentation put aside, it just taste damn good plain and simple. Please do yourself the favor and order the chicken waffles, braised short rib, pasta carbonara, captain crunch pancakes. More than anything, I'm estatic about him popping up in the Gables and not following the "others" to midtown. This foodie here is a happy one and will continue to be as long as Giorgio is in town.
Everything is rich and heavy on the menu... I love to eat and I didn't have ANYTHING TO EAT.....NADA!  I don't mind a few fried items, but EVERYTHING is very very greasy.  I was sooooo disappointed.  There was not one fresh "alive" item to choose from when I was there this past Friday.  Ambience is good and if you like very rich food with heavy sauces you will like this place. I prefer food where the ingredients shine through in a fresh healthy way.
This tiny (51 maximum capacity) corner restaurant it's a jewel for all those that love southern & comfort food, but with a great twist. The result it's something completely unique, hearty & absolutely decadent. We walked in late for late lunch the place looked clean & tidy. The friendly waitress greeted us, sat us & brought water and the menus. The lunch menu it's not long but have plenty of plates to choose from. The wine list is way longer. Warning: if your are watching what you eat this is not the place to go, not a lot to choose from for  those dieters. For our first time we decided to go with the best sellers : chicken & waffles, short rib sliders and lettuce wraps. The lettuce wrap were so good, the sliders were delicious and the chicken with waffles were tasty. Chicken was crispy and golden! The plate it's on the sweeter side. We looked at the dinner menu and the waitress warned us that it changes daily so it's always a pleasant surprise and never boring to eat there.  I'm looking forward to come back for brunch.
Captain Crunch pancakes & BK tater tots are mind blowing.
Just had my first experience at this place and it was amazing. The dishes are so original and the flavors out of this world. We ordered the chicken and waffles, carbonara eggs benedict and the dirt cup. All show stoppers but the dirt cup was my favorite being that I am dessert lover. To top it off, the service was phenomenal. One thing I would recommend is to arrive early for Sunday brunch, the line is no joke and wraps around the building before it even opens. Make a reservation if possible.
Yum yum yum!!!!!  From the Brussel sprouts to the sweet breads - food is creative and tasty.  Been here twice already - cant wait to go back.  Service is also excellent.  Good people running this place.  Good product they're providing at the right prices.
I felt like this place was more hyped than anything else. I made a reservation a week prior and waited about 30 minutes to get seated. The service was very good here. They sat us down at the bar and entertained us while our table was ready. My boyfriend and I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and Lamb Vaca Frita. I liked the chicken and waffles but I wasn't impressed. The vaca frita was too salty. I just felt like I didn't get my money's worth. We only purchased two entrees and one beer and we spent over $75. I heard their breakfast is really good here, maybe I'll give them another chance. Their service was great.
Soooo Creative!!!  If you are looking for delicious food with a creative flair served up by really friendly people who are genuinely invested in making sure you are having a good time then The Eating House is the place to go.  I was there last year when TEH was a pop-up and loved it.  Now in its permanent home they are serving up those delicious brussel sprouts, the night I went they had the cold asian noodles except that the noodles were made of eggplant (healthy & delicious), Their pork belly was outrageous and struck a nice balance between sweet and savory....perfection.....the tomato salad with the coconut was brilliant......and of course their dirt cup to finish served in a flower pot combined a bit of whimsey with yummy to leave you floating out of the restaurant really happy and satidfied.  I can't wait to try their brunch next!!   A must go!!
Came here for dinner for my brother's birthday and was so, so happy with our choice! Eating House is a a pretty nondescript, blink-and-you'll-miss-it restaurant off of Ponce in the Gables so I was a little skeptical as we pulled up. As soon as you walk inside though, the restaurant comes alive! The decor is very sporty and funky and the waiters are all dressed hipster-like. We were seated promptly (you need a reservation for weekends) and our table had a great view of the Heat game so we we're happy! Our waiter was very helpful and recommended his favorite dishes to us, which we pretty much all delectable. For appetizers, I really enjoyed the queso frito with torrejas and the heirloom tomatoes with coconut ice! Soooo good. I didn't really care for the buffalo cauliflower but it wasn't bad. The entrees were all delicious. The pasta carbonara, the short ribs, the chicken foie-ffles, and the bone marrow all made me salivate! The dessert menu's star is the dirt cup but I think its a little overrated. Although the menu changes frequently, their peanut butter dessert, when available, is a must-try! All in all, a great dining experience and awesome addition to the downtown gables.
REALLY!  What is the buzz about.!  Can these people be impressed with this ridiculous food and haughty service.  The menu is meant to imitimidate......rude manners at the door after waiting 40 minutes and no one told us that they take reservations!  The food is a JOKE!.  $8 hash browns overcooked and worse than Burger King. Chimmichurri with so much vinegar that the resst of the dish was tastless.  Pork chewy with gristle.  If you have high standards, don't bother!
I waited so long to try Eating House. I don't recommend you do the same. Everything on the menu is carefully curated and combined to offer the most delicious possibilities. Weeks later, I'm delightfully haunted by the pleasures my palette experienced. The vague highlights: -A lightly toasted bread with fried cheese and guava (much more gourmet than my bland description). Saw God. -Brussels Sprouts. They will have you licking the plate. -Chicken&Waffles.  The presentation was beautiful, thick waffles with perfectly breaded chicken and a complex maple syrup.
This place is a hidden gem! I have not had this great of a dinner in a long time. My date and I ordered the chicken and waffles, the ox tail and duck; they were all a party to my taste buds. The cherry on top though, was the dirt cup dessert. It was so good, we had it twice! Sounds like we ate like pigs, but we both shared each dish, since they're made to share. Our server was great and was fun to chat with. The only reason I didn't give it a perfect score is because the location is quite tiny, so it gets crowded quick. I'm looking forward to trying their Sunday brunch!
Every dog has its day. The Carbonara Eggs Benedict were a big disappointment. This, being my go-to dish every time I come here, will no longer be a favorite. The ingredients continue to taste good, but the portion is much smaller for the same price. The toast that was used in this last meal was not only thinner and just all together different, but it was maybe the size of my palm with the two eggs piled on top. I barely tasted any. The old pics of the dish should be disregarded. My friends even had to order extra bread so they could finish their eggs. I was really embarrassed since I had told them this dish was so good and it did not end up delivering. Other than that, everything else was still very good. I had to drop Eating House down a star, though. As much as I adore this place, I truly am that upset about what has become of my favorite dish.
Wow! What great food! Have to say I haven't been to a restaurant in a while where everything we ordered was fantastic. Got to try a lot of  things because we went in a big group. The bone marrow!!!!! Brussels sprouts best I've had,  tomato salad, pasta carbonara and the pork belly! All of it. Great good.
I have come here for both dinner and brunch in the past two weeks. It is a petite restaurant with creative dishes. Overall, I am a fan of Eating House Miami. If I could give 3.5, I would give 3.5 instead of 4. Pros: Creative and delicious food Friendly staff Good price Cons: Line can be really long. Make sure to make a reservation Some dishes are really salty The restaurant recommends to share the dishes and I agree. Dinner: When I came here for dinner, I had the famous Korean BBQ brussel sprouts. Although it was absolutely delicious, I should have ordered something else along with the brussel sprouts because eating only the brussel sprouts was too salty that I had to stop eating after a few bites. For dessert, I had the dirt cup. The dirt cup was amazing - layers of Oreo, ice cream, and chocolate mousse. It was so delicious and one dirt cup can easily feed two people. Brunch: Normally the line at this restaurant for brunch is really long (often an hour wait) but when I came here yesterday with 5 people, we were seated right away. We started with the BK hash browns. Like the brussel sprouts, the BK hash browns were saltier than it should have been so it wasn't my favorite. I had the carbonara eggs benedict. It was good but it wasn't amazing. It was just like any other eggs benedict. The chicken & waffles was great. We ordered two of them - one of them came out amazing and the other one came out okay. Cap'n crunch pancakes were my favorite. They were sooooooooo delicious. If you like sugar and Cap'n crunch, please get this, you won't regret. Also, another unusual thing about this restaurant is that they come with carbonated water instead of flat water. When I asked for flat water, I was charged for it which I think is weird. But overall, it is a great restaurant and I would come back again at any time.
The chef knows what's he's doing so dare to try anything in this menu and you will be delighted. Each plate is a mix of flavors that first surprise you, then make you smile, then leave you curious for more. I was lucky enough to go with a big group and got to try every single plate down to the last dessert. My absolute favorite were the scallops with carrot bacon/coffee/port, which were not only seared perfectly but also served with delicious sauces, and the Brussels sprouts w egg/Korean BBQ. Tomatoes are not normally my top choice, but again the combination of flavors and ingredients (peanuts/coconut) made this plate stand out. The meats were all delicious. I especially enjoyed the short ribs which were very tender and flavorful. All other dishes I would order again except for the bone marrow with eggplant, but that may just be personal taste. The consistency was too gooey for me to enjoy. Of the desserts all I can say is if you like apple pie you will LOVE the 'apple pie,' if you like bananas and peanut butter you will LOVE 'the elvis' and if you love chocolate you must order the 'dirt cup.' The service was perfect.
Went for brunch: The short ribs & eggs was amazing and the chicken and waffles was not far behind.  Definitely make reservations and bring an appetite!
We don't have much to add to what's already been said. Be sure to arrive early as there are no reservations (except for large parties). The place is very small, but the food is unbelievable. The pasta carbonara is, without a doubt, the best I have ever had. Don't mess around and just order it. Seriously.
Everything was delicious!!! good portions, good presentation, good food, will definitely be coming back. If you get there early you can get a parking space right in front of the restaurant, it's metered parking, get the app, it works and no worries.
Gigiesque style food fell short...some bright spots were the Brussel sprouts, short rib, and pork belly. Place needs major tweaking before it can compete with the big boys.
Amazing experience in taste and cuisine... Highly recommend giving this place a try, you will enjoy!
just had an uh-mazing  dinner AGAIN. this time i brought two older snobby foodie friends with me. they loved it (thank freakin' gawd) we had the tomatoes,brussel sprouts,duck,chicken thighs,pork cheeks,scallops.breakfast cereal and 3 bottles of wine. BURP. i will be sad when it moves but thrilled when it finds a permanent address! i saw 2 friends :) having dinner for the first time tinight! i had told them about this place :) FINALLY a joint to rely on for amazing AND interesting (the tomatoes) food. AND people who work there-that believe in AND care about providing excellent service and care about their business. this place is SOOOOOOO NOT MIAMI-and that is a GREAT thing! ps i drunk,but i loves me some EATING HOUSE!
I have dined at this restaurant at least 25 times and feel like I am "well rounded" enough to finally give them the review they deserve. First off I have read reviews by Victoria pesce and others staying that eating house lacks healthier and also vegan or vegetarian options. I can tend to agree, but I think that the restaurant owners and the overall culture of the restaurant sort of dictates that. I doubt diners of swine and yardbird have such expectations, so I don't see why eating house diners should come with such expectations. Moving on. I can see where other diners may get frustrated with the restaurant service, specifically with a taller blonde named Luke. Every person that I know that has had a bad service experience has been waited on by him, and I must also admit. I have had similar problems where he forgets to put in an order and argues with you or where he gives you the wrong menu all together and then argues that baby greens are kale. It's cool that the restaurant wants to keep a cooler vibe, but just keep your staff on their game. If you're able to get Nat, Joseph or any other wait staff, your meal could be excellent. Go with the mindset that you want to enjoy the meal and not count calories and this could very well be your new favorite restaurant. These are the number ones. Anything braised, chicken and waffles, Brussel sprouts, carbonara, steak tartare if they have it and always always end with a dirt cup. The dirt cup is amazing. The chef is also a really cool guy. And the overall atmosphere is stellar. I wish them continued success, just need to get the kink out.
I felt compelled to update my previous review and increase my rating of eating house miami from 3 to 4 stars because i recently went back a 2nd time and had a MUCH better experience gastronomically speaking.  this time I ordered their most popular items: chicken and waffles, pasta carbonara, and brussels sprouts (easy on the sauce, giorgio) and it was absolutely perfect!  we also had the affogato for dessert with maria cookies, salted caramel mousse, and cuban coffee and it was DELICIOUS!  The staff was attentive, friendly and awesome as always.  This place has won me over the 2nd time around :)
Eating House was so so so good that we came twice!! Once for Sunday brunch and once for weekday lunch! Their Sunday brunch is definitely worth trying, but not so much their weekday lunch. Lunch here was a bit disappointing after trying their brunch menu. Sunday Brunch - 5 stars! Definitely worth the wait! Everything we ordered was amazing! Ordered maple bacon, hash brown, calentado, and eggs benedict. Eggs cooked perfectly. Portions were great. Love Love Loved everything! :) Weekday Lunch - 3 stars! I can see why there wasn't a wait for lunch. Nothing too special about it. Ordered Choripan, Croqueta Bahn Mi, and a Blondie dessert. Wasn't bad, but not amazing either. Will probably skip eating lunch here and stick to only brunch. Overall, service was great both times! I definitely recommend making reservations ahead of time. Even with a party of 2, we waited for almost over an hour!
This place is delicious. You'll find that you want to order literally everything on the menu. The food is an eclectic mix of fine cuisine and simple Americana. It's both inventive and tasty. The staff is friendly and personable, but get there early or try to get reservations because people are always falling out of this place. It's the place to be.
This place can get very packed. We went on for brunch on Sunday and had to wait about an hour. But the food is delicious! I had the chicken & waffles and loved it! The staff was friendly, and our food arrived pretty quick.
Oh my gosh soooooo good!!! We came for brunch last Sunday and there was a line out the door. We wanted to try it so we waited and I, glad we did! The dishes burst with flavor!!!! We had the truffled eggs Benedict, cap'n crunch pancakes, tator tots, and heirloom tomatoes. I can't say enough about each dish being so packed with flavor and so utterly delicious!!! The heirloom tomatoes were my favorite: herbs, peanut sauce, frozen condensed milk.....it was such a cool experience. The batter for the pancakes was what impressed my husband. They were so fluffy and good!! The prices are outstanding....you are getting such an awesome meal and experience and its sooooooooo worth the wait! Service was attentive and crazy fast without making you feel rushed. Definitely want to go back and try their dinner menu!
Chicken and waffles!!!!! it was my first time trying chicken and waffles for the first time, and I fell in love!!!! Wow amazing!  I also had popcorn and olives to start off with, i never heard of this combination but wow, it was pretty amazing! I also had a salad with a pear i believe and that was amazingly tasty. I had the dirt cup for dessert, that was pretty good too! I love how the restaurant is creative with the food and the place itself. Low key and great ambiance. Will be going back!
This is an insanely delicious restaurant. Me and my wife had dinner there after a 3-week road trip over California and the food was the second best among all the places we ate, losing - barely - only to a Michelin-starred restaurant in the Napa Valley. It is also a seriously creative place: Brussel sprouts with lo mein? Foie gras waffles? A dessert which is identical to a flower pot full of dirt? They've got it all, and make no mistake, every single one of it is amazing. When in Miami, don't miss it. Oh, and make reservations.
I am always so impressed with restaurants that change their menus constantly.  It really takes a passionate chef to keep creating new dishes and do it well!  Eating house is a gem in Miami that has one of the best top young chefs leading the way.  I came here for lunch with some co-workers and we were all impressed with their cauliflower soup which was so light and creamy.  We all had a different entree and I got to try the sausage sandwich as well as the pork sandwich.  Both were delicious! I took a gander at their brunch menu and I think I almost wet my pants just by reading the menu.  Brunch is a must try just by reading the menu and listening to the waiter and his recommendations.  Brunch date anyone? ;)
All I have to say is that this place is back and better than ever. They completely redid the location that they were previously in. The new interior creates a very cool atmosphere. I went there for dinner and had an incredible dish. Porkbelly covered in guava creating a succulent, juicy, and sweet taste. I also had an apple crumble desert which was also fantastic. My friend had poutine (where else in Miami can you get poutine?). The poutine was served with beef short ribs.   This restaurant will always be successful in my opinion because of the ability of the chef and owner to be innovative and create tasty dishes. In addition the restaurant is very well managed and the staff is very friendly. UPDATE: I came back here a few weeks later on a Friday night rather than a weeknight and before the restaurant opened. While the food was great the service in the beginning could have been better. They always have a crowd outside when they are about to open. When I went there over the summer they would have someone wait outside and take down names so that everyone who didn't have a reservation would be seated in an orderly fashion. They did not do this this time and as a result it was very chaotic. I enjoy sitting at the bar so that I can watch the TV (By the way, one of the cool things about the restaurant is that it is so small that when sitting at the bar the TV is only a foot or two in front of you so you have a great view)  however if you plan on getting a table or going with more than one person I would highly recommend a reservation. It can be very hectic getting there when the restaurant opens. But hey, that is a testament to the great food.
Dined here last Friday on a recommendation from a family member. This place had a reputation that preceded it as being a very unique eatery in Coral Gables that had to be experienced. I was not disappointed, nor were the 3 people I went with. We ordered 11 dishes in total, and we were not disappointed with any of them. Unique, flavorful dishes, fresh ingredients composed in a unique and delicious way. We ate our way through 6 smaller dishes and 5 of the larger plates and were blown away. Our server was friendly and professional, and attentive as well. The dishes came out in a timely manner and the dining room was clean and welcoming. I would definitely recommend this place to others, and look forward to exploring the menu further.
Glad to come in & seated immediately, servers are very friendly & eager to please, but clearly our waiter was more interested in getting his drink on then serving.  We saw him mixing himself a drink at the cash register a few times while we were dining.  It made us chuckle, but when we wanted to get the check, and he was busy getting liquored up, the joke was on us.   Onto the food- creative-- definitely, but delicious- fell far from the mark on several dishes.  We had the steak tartar which was fair, roasted bone marrow (okay-- but I am not a huge marrow person), the sockeye salmon (NOT GOOD -this was fishy-NOT FRESH- and I hated the BBQ chips atop purred sweet potato, this combo did not cut it), the braised short ribs (was decent), the duck & eggplant w/ hoisin sauce (great dish- best of the night and I am not a duck person) & the homestead tomatoes with lime, fish sauce, peanuts & coconut milk which was different but very good.  For dessert we had frozen lychees (ehh not so good) & Strawberry shortcake (ehh not so good). The food was mediocre at best and I pretty much had most of the menu so, I won't be returning.
Came here for brunch around 1 on a Sunday. We only waited for fifteen minutes. The torrejas were so amazing.  The eggs Benedict were good (not great), and the Captain Crunch pancakes were okay (too syrupy).  I like the decor, and our server was really good.
Wow what a wonderful experience ..  The scallops were out of this world , the pork dishes to die for , great service , sufficiently hip .. Little pricey but well worth it
The food is delicious, great brunch!! We had the Calentado which is perfectly combined and portioned, the tater tods were good but a bit salty for me. The chicken and waffles OMG delicious crispy sweet spicy awesomeness . Loved the captain crunch pancakes sooooooo good defenetly a diabetics worse enemy super sweet with all the condense milk but defenetly worth the sugar rush. It's big enough to share for the whole table, is too much for one person. Ohhhh and last but not least the "DIRT CUP" just Don't even think of leaving this place without having this dessert !!! is unforgettable and totally amazing. The reason for the 4* is way too hot in here. Enough with Miami's hot summer days to have to eat sweating indoors. It's always pack and it's a very small place so please crank up ur air. They have fans on but not enough everyone seem hot and sticky using menus as fangs.
We went for the Sunday brunch and it was  excellent. The chicken with waffles and bacon was very good and the Eggs Benedict were the best we've ever had. Good food, good service, and good prices. Hard to go wrong.
This is easily in my  top 3 favorite restaraunts in Miami. The vibe is casual young and chill. The music here is just as good as the food. As I sit here writing this review they've played ll cool j- doin it  and now Keith sweat -twisted. I love the playful food here. At eating house they put interesting spins on classics as well as creating their own incredible plates. The chicken and waffles is the best I've had in all of Miami. The chicken is unbelievably juicy and the waffle has only gotten better and better as I've come (since they were a popup). Pasta carbonara always does right. Thick noodles in a delicious truffle cream sauce with Bacon and egg yolk. Death by carbs but worth the shame you feel afterwards! The heirloom tomatoes are another staple here and it's because they're perfect. Delicious ripe tomatoes with a frozen coconut thing. Crazy good. Anytime I come I just order whatever is new on the menu since I've had all the items that stay. Never go wrong
Best entree to dessert meal I have had in recent memory.  Every dish was excellent.  Finally, an eggs  benedict done right.  Torrejas knocked out all other pancake/French toast plates I have ever had.  The dessert, The Elvis-had a peanut butter airy whip on it-something my tongue has never tasted.  Prices were great, service was great, patrons were fun, music was high energy/positive/festive.  Decor was classy.  Go at 3 for brunch.  Little to no wait.  If you go at 12-line way out the door.
Hello there Cap'n Crunch pancakes...wanna make out? Oh wait, you just want to make sweet sweet love in my mouth? Yea, that's totally cool too. Honestly, I thought they weren't going to live up to the hype...but they indeed did, and perhaps even exceeded it. Those damn pancakes make you want to take the plate, run away to a dark room and do all sorts of bad things with them.... I quite enjoyed the carbonara eggs too, and when I came for dinner during their pop-up phase I found everything to be quite delectable. But oh, those Cap'n Crunch pancakes....
Loved everything at this pop up restaurant. Great food and service.  Must try chicken with waffles and by far the best pasta dish called pasta carbonara with truffle, bacon, bread crumbs and egg yolk.  Amazing deserts as well highly suggest smore's or breakfast. Sad this pop up will be closing July 31st.
Great food, service and wine. Don't expect to eat healthy, though: lots of fried and breaded goodness. Awesome desserts.
This pop up is waaay cool on the nouveou miami foodie front, and I'll admit I loved their "story", but yes, unfortunately there is always a but... The hubs and I decided on a trendy taste for our 4 year anniversary and after a few recs ended up here. The location is defintely low-key, which is cool especially in the uber stuffy coral gables 'hood. We got there around 8pm and had the option of waiting 20 mins or sitting outside, so we said, outside, why not? Good idea, bad idea. For one, I forgot those who sit outside smoke and well that just sucks on windy night when your hair and someone else's cigarette smoke is blowing in your face. As if the cheap smokes weren't bad enough, we should've just used their lit cigs  to light up our table since there wasn't even a hint of light after sundown. No dim lighting, nor romantic candle crap. For all I know, we were eating crunchy cat limbs...which leads me to our first dish, Chicken and Waffles! Mmm, YUM! Yes it was, except it should've been titled Chicken and Waffle, as in one-waffle. The deep fried chicken thighs were truly finger lickin' good, but the bacon and leggo my eggo waffle cut in four was really not my style...sorry boys. I'd have to say the other "crunchy" brussel sprouts dish we ordered was pretty amazing, even with the fried egg topping which I found a little bizarre, still innovative. It wasn't until our carbonara came out with yet another egg yolk that I self-diagnosed an increase in my cholesterol levels. My arteries say thanks, but I say no bueno...oh and definitely could've done without the bacon flavor, again. Note to self: Remember to say HOLD THE BACON, everytime. Ewww. On the plus and very sweet side, Alex our server (part owner or friend of, maybe) was truly awesome. He helped out with food and beer selections and was even more kick ass when he brought us a sampling of the desserts since my fat girl cravings couldn't just let me have one. 2 words, HEA.VEN. All 3 creations were just deeeelish, from the carmelized cap'n crunch topping to the airy lemon zest crumble, definitely reason for return. Our Brew choices: Laughing Skull Amber Ale = deliciously refreshing Breckenridge Vanilla Porter = smooth dark with a subtle vanilla flavor Holy Mackeral Panic Attack = pungent fruity cologne after taste. No likey. (not Eating House's fault) Overall, the experience of a pop-up was fun and adventurous for us pseudo foodies. Our time together was well spent, celebrating, critiquing and people watching so for that, I'll give them 5 stars and thumbs up!
Fantastic in every way!  This restaurant definitely nailed it as far as food and service! We were seated promptly (make reservations) and our waiter was very friendly and informative.  He advised us that their plates are meant to be shared family style and to start with the lighter dishes and work our way down.  We had the burrata,  roasted carrots, brussel sprouts, pork belly, and shrimp & grits.  Everything was perfection and the portions hearty enough to share (it was a table of 3).  We finished the meal with the cheesecake semi freddo.   The drinks and beer selections were also fantastic, and the casual atmosphere completely relaxing.  I can't wait to go back and continue my way down their menu!
This place is good and cool. Went there with a few friends and we split some appetizers, namely, the vaca frita sliders and the pig-ear tacos. Both were pretty good and unique. For entree we ordered the chicken and waffles. Wasn't quite as southern as I'm used to but it was still pretty good notwithstanding. For desert, we ate krispy Kreme bread pudding, which was one of the best deserts I've ever had. I rarely rave about places, but this one is deserving and one of the few good "trendy" places around town. Also, it was reasonably priced for what we ate. Ask for Ochoa.
Good simple food creatively adorned and presented that embraces home style flavors.   High end prices, automatically charged water, and friendly service. Only issue is our server forgot the chicken (not the chicken) and then tried to play it off as if he did not. But was nice overall. It's really good food that with finishing touches becomes exciting.
This once temporary eatery, has raised the bar on funky fare and is here to stay! The Eating House, a local dininig destination in Coral Gables, was originally intended to be a pop-up restaurant (a new concept whereby restauranteurs come into existing spaces, take over for a few months, introduce their ideas, and are gone faster than you can say "goodbye"... or at least it seems that way). Giorgio Rapicavoli (a culinary genius, former Chopped star, and Miami native), traded in his chance at being a big time chef in New York, to "WOW" us with his culinary creations and stellar skills. This fusion of all things wild and crazy (and ridiculously delicious), end up making you feel like you want to devour the plate... because the dishes are just that good (So good, I can't pick just one)! My personal favorites include the heirloom tomatoes mixed with lime, ginger, nuoc cham, peanuts, frozen coconut milk, and edible flowers and herbs; the brussel sprouts sprinkled with seasame seeds, korean sauce, with a fried egg on top; and the "Maiz Asado"- a fresh corn on the cob, topped with lime, cheese, chili powder, and crushed Fritos (my mouth is already watering just thinking about it!). Not to mention the amazing desserts and brunch on Sundays! I honestly could go on forever about this place (I've been 12 times in 8 months), but I'll let you see for yourself. You won't be disappointed...PROMISE! Even my friend, a strickly meat and potatoes kind of guy, was fascinated with this place.)! I should also mention the laidback, but cool, decor and vibe (think graffiti art and hip hop music playing in the background), as well as the fact that all the waiters are young and good looking (There's definitely more to feast your eyes on than just food!). Overall, Eating House is an amazing dining experience that you must try. And the best part about it all? They're now permanent! They did so well, and their ideas were so well-received, that they were able to buy the "pop-up" space and become a permanent fixture in South Florida's dining community. Cheers to you, EH! Here's to many years of a successful venture!
Arrived at 230pm on a Sunday for my birthday brunch with a group of 6. We we're say within 20 minutes, which wasn't horrible considering the place was jam packed and tiny! The Captain Crunch Pancakes were pretty good, but the Carbonara Eggs Benedict were great. My only complaint is that it was a TINY portion, a little bigger than my hand (which is pretty tiny). Candied bacon was fantastic (thought it was my first time trying it and my friends said all candied bacon tasted that good). The chicken foie-ffles were kind of icky on the waffle party, but the chicken was good. The sweet-potato waffles were alright, and the BK hash browns tasted like they bought them at BK that morning and recooked them. My bf wasn't impressed with any of the food-- and I quote: "I have pretty high standards for $16 eggs." The wait staff wasn't very friendly. We tried joking with them and asking their opinions on what to order, and they didn't humor us at all. In fact, they looked pretty annoyed. There is a 20% gratuity added to the bill for parties of 5+. Also, the WATER isn't free, even though it is tap (you can see them pour it and make the food right in front of you, which is cool). It's .75¢ per person. Overall, I give them 3 stars because the food was good, but can't give them 5 stars due to uninterested wait-staff and ridiculous prices for "quirky" food. I wouldn't return, but I can't say I didn't have the best birthday brunch at this place. It must've been my company. :)
I had heard only good things about Eating House, but finally went in for the first time on Friday.  I was celebrating my birthday with a few friends and had called earlier for a reservation.  I was told the first available table was at 10:30 p.m., but I could always try my luck coming in earlier.  When I arrived around 9 p.m. it was packed! I went inside to ask for a table for 4, and was greeted by the chef himself.  There obviously weren't any tables available, so I asked if I could order a glass of wine while I waited.  He said " Sure, I'll buy you one.  What would you like?" Although I'm positive it was a tactic to keep me blissfully unaware of how long it would be until I actually got a table, it totally worked.  For those who are not familiar with Chef Rapicavoli, he is really nice to look at. We sat at our table around 10 p.m. and snacked on 3 bowls of seasoned popcorn (yum!) before placing our order.  We ordered the brussels sprouts, pimenton cheese, poutine, chicken & waffles, and the pasta carbonara.  Everything was delicious and the portions were huge. For dessert, we shared a pb&j, which was basically a deconstructed peanut butter and jelly sandwich, only way more appealing to the senses. During dinner, we had the pleasure of speaking with Chef Rapicavoli, as did all of the dinner guests.  It's nice to see that personal touch, especially in Miami and even more so, from a chef that has been on TV.  The experience was not only delicious, but also fun! The service is really good and every one has a sense of humor, which is refreshing.  I will definitely be back for lunch or brunch sometime, and hopefully with more friends.
All I can say is wow. You just have to go and Oder everything that's how you do it at eating house!
This place is awesome. Be prepared to eat. I have frequented this establishment when it was a  pop-up brunch restaurant. A big fan of the chef, Giorgio Rapicavoli. Very unique blend of taste and textures on his menu. Let's start by making reservations. It's a small location so seating is at a premium. Large parties; eight plus peeps, may have issues. Second, work out a lot before you go cause you're gonna eat. It's the trendy tapas/ a la carte dining style that is so popular now. The portions aren't gigantic, but it'll fill you up. There are small plates and large plates comprise of some core staple items as well as daily specials. Everything is good on the menu, and I mean everything. The short ribs and pasta carbonara is crazy good. The brussel sprouts and bone marrow I will kill for they are that good. Save room for dessert though. Great place for foodies that offers a delectable menu and casual dining.
So I WAS a fan of the Eating House, up until today.  Some of the food we had was actually, dare I say?  BAD!  and the atmosphere that I raved so much about?  Crowded, loud and unpleasant... WHY, OH... WHY?  Just when I thought I had found a place I could take my out of town friends to and impress them... this happened!   The restaurant encourages to eat "family" style, which means that each dish is meant to be shared.  We ordered the fried Steak... It looked Delicious... we were five people at the table and we each had a piece, we ALL, unanimously spit out the food.  It was SALTY, extremely SALTY. The pasta carbonara which happens to be one of their staples, was.... bad! and the chicken and waffles... Chicken was DELICIOUS... the waffles were not fully cooked and had to leave them all behind.  The Dirt Cup, (dessert) NEVER disappoints, I guess this is one of those dishes that no matter who makes it and how fast it is made, is still very good... This place is very hip and it will continue to draw crowds and good for them, they are a group of nice kids and have the right idea in mind.  So if you still want to come here and experience for yourself what the hype is about, allow me to help you make the best out of this restaurant. 1. DO NOT go on a Saturday night.  Apparently every hipster in town shows up with ALL of their friends to celebrate birthdays, baby showers, bridal showers, all kinds of showers... and you will find at least 3 to 4 parties of 6 or more each.  Which means the kitchen is SLAMMED, which translates to SO-SO food.  Not to mention that this place is soooo SMALL that I'm sure that if you need to get to the bathroom, you will need to be mighty creative to maneuver yourself around the tables and chairs to get to your destination. 2.  If you are UNLUCKY enough to sit at a table by the entrance, may the gods be with you.. You will have a horde of people hovering all over you and might as well have a microphone broadcasting your conversation to the world because they will all be so close to you, some of them may even answer questions you pose to your friends at the table... 3.  If you want to go, I recommend to go early in the afternoon when you will still get that wonderful service and food this place used to be known for!  If you go on a Friday/Saturday night...read the above!  The food will not be as good, the ambiance will be rushed, hectic and loud...   I can't say anything bad about the waiters and staff... They still manage to have a smile and pay attention to ALL tables and be friendly!  Love them... but the food tonight left a bad taste in my mouth... Heading to Midtown in search of good food....
Loved it. Went for lunch, will be back for dinner. Good food, good service, nice ethic and atmosphere. Wish they were in a slightly better location, and that they'd drop the red baskets, as I really like eating everything with knife and fork, which is awkward out of a basket.
Pros: Love the vibe. Yes it's small, but it keeps it's exclusivity. It's on 8th street and from the decor it is very clear this restaurant is for Miami natives with some R & B nuances (Wu-Tang Shirts, lol) Kudos on the fact that you have every hip person in Miami hyping your spot. It's not easy to do with these unforgiving Miamians. Areas for Improvement/Feedback: I went to brunch today. I've been to places like Gigi's, Berries and Yardbird for brunch, even Romeu's Cuban restaurant in Pines lol. I didn't dislike EHM, but I wish I liked it more. We got there without a reservation but were able to get a table for arriving early which was great, but it was wicked hot where I sat (may I suggest tints on windows to lower temperature, since I'm not the only one who seems to have thought it was hot, sun in your face brunch is brutal, maybe umbrellas?). I ordered hash browns, which were tater tots, it was a charming thought but I felt they were over-salted and over-seasoned. It made me think that they were regular tots with Lawry's seasoned salt. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffles, I like that the chef used a darker piece of chicken for more flavor, but the chicken was a bit dry. Waffles could be a bit crunchier too, but I guess that depends on a persons preference. I ordered the eggs benedict. The bacon was awesome, I like that it didn't have that fake maple taste. Eggs were undercooked. The egg white was falling apart and had a phlegm-like consistency. Bread was really tough to get through but everything tasted good. Cup of dirt was actually my favorite. Great potential but for the money I'd rather go to Yardbird and have perfectly cooked food and deliciously detailed cocktails. Maybe sometime for dinner.
Excellent food and service. The menu is original and tasty. Good portions, good to order a few plates and share because everything is delicious!
Attractive and Friendly staff. Only wine and beer  so no mixed drinks which is fine by me.  We each ordered a nice glass of red wine after we had a tasting of each which I thought was very nice. Appetizers Brussel sprout appetizer but the waiter forgot to tell us to mix the egg in it until we were more than half way done eating the dish. The dish was tasty and even tastier with the correct instructions. The egg made a smidge of a difference.   Cheese and guava with garlic bread appetizer. Quite scrumptious. main courses were divine a chicken dish  and a pasta dish. The vibe is very young, trendy and chill.   I plan on going back.
Yelp shld have bonus stars for those top top spots that really deserve them...thats eating house in my book. My husband and I visited EH for the 1st time in April '12 when they were a pop-up knowing only what we'd read in Eater 38...it has since truly become our numero uno! Ambiance: they hooked us when we heard  wutang and other 90's rap playing. Our inner 12 yr olds were gleaming!  Its simple, no fuss, casual, fun, laid-back. Im not a fan of tv's in restaurants but here its ok bc its just at the bar, not at all in your face in the main dining area and i have to admit those tv's were clutch during the nba playoffs! Its versatile bc it can be a trendy spot for 20-somethings, it can be a romantic place for 30-somethings (I witnessed an adorably  romantic marriage proposal there once), and it can also be a family restaurant where u can take abuela.  Anything goes and EH accomodates all! Presentation/decor: again, casual. The decor is contemporary, repurposed wooden tables and shelves displaying cute knick-knacks, nice but doesnt overpower the real draw--the food! Serve your own water (good old dade county's finest tap water) this is perfect! The grafitti art fits the vibe. Thank God they got rid of the monster bar! I do have to say, I dearly miss the cuban coffee machine :( Food: Amazing! What impresses me the most is that the chef is sooo young and yet so creative and truly loves his craft...quite admirable! Of course the carbonara is my fave (guilty giggle) although, the corn on the cob w frito crumbs is too. And the brussel sprouts. And the chicken and foie-ffles. And the duck. And the bone marrow. And the dirt cup. And the capncrunch pancakes. And the scallops. The flavors are a total seduction of the palate. There is nothing short of fabulous on that menu...we can certify that, as we have tried it all at least once. There is 1 dessert they took off the menu, which in my opinion shld be a staple....some sort of cuban coffee dessert concoction straight from the Gods of all that is good and magnificent in this world. Bring it back!!! Service: i left this for last bc i think good service is vital. All of the above can be great but if the staff is rude, I will never return. EH does service right. I will never forget the 2nd time we went there we walked in with a group of 10 family members past 10:30pm and they catered to us attentively and enthusiastically. Then we went back over a month later with my mom, and Chris remembered her and greeted her warmly. Ma was an amazing multitasking hostess. Julia too. alex too. His brother too. Even giorgio, in addition to creating savory innovative dishes, takes the time to check on you and make sure all is good. That speaks volumes to me. Its good business sense. They all work together fabulously, its still fun for them (stressful yes) but still fun and thats crucial bc its reflected in their joint efforts to serve you. I hope this is just the beginning of long and fruitful careers for them!
This is one of my favorite places for brunch. Absolutely love the chicken and waffles!!! Just make sure to make a reservation well in advanced as it gets very crowded. But it is definitely worth it!!!
this place is good. the chicken and waffles is a classic combo and they do it well. other dishes really ranged in quality. Brussel sprouts were fried nicely, but then over-doused with a cheap salty soy sauce combination. the pasta carbonara was good, but not memorable. seems like they could use a greater number of standby dishes. i think its very over-rated. friendly staff
Eating House where have you been my entire life So it's my birthday weekend and my Yelp BFF Jackie S and our boys want to take me to brunch.  When asked for a location I immediately said EATING HOUSE! This place has been in my bookmarks for months and every time I try to go there's no reservations available. So here's my first warning- DO NOT SHOW UP WITHOUT A RESERVATION.  Even with a reservation we had to wait for half an hour to get a table. Let's start with the food:  Your "MUST TRYS" are as follows (in order by flavor): 1- the calentado.  Growing up in a half Colombian home, calentado is a must after every party.  What is it you ask, its a mix of everything you cooked for the party with egg.  Eating House somehow manged to perfect this dish.  So many flavors.  Our table ordered seconds and thirds of this dish. 2- carbornera eggs Benedict- All I have to say about this is OMG!  This isn't your Denny's dish that's for sure. 3- Cap' n crunch pancakes- my 5 year old couldn't have enough of this plate.  I am not much of a sweet tooth type of person but this was perfection. 4- Hasbrowns- that over roasted ketchup, where do I get more of that? 5- Chicken and Waffles- worth every single calorie.  It was sweet, it was sour, it was perfect. 6- Tang mimosas for $5.00? Yes please!   Why not 5 stars? Here's my second warning, the restaurant is tiny.  We were seated at the table by the door so we had all the people waiting for tables lingering over our table staring at our food.  No me gusta. Was it worth it you ask?  ABSOFREAKINGLOUTELY!
One of the best dinner spots in the Gables Other than the challenge getting seated because it's slammed.  Get the dirt cup for dessert.
4 stars with 200+ reviews? Packed restaurant with a wait of at least an hour, who wouldn't be so curious about this place? We had a reservation so we did not have to deal with that issue. First, place is tiny but looked kinda hip, reminded me of cafes in Chicago & Seattle. It was very hot inside, I'm always cold so if I was sweating that means there's something wrong with their AC. My friend had the chicken & waffles & I had the Bulgogi sandwich. What a let-down this place is! If this is 4-stars then Grand Lux Cafe is 10-stars! The experience was so very disappointing, this is a perfect example of Miami hype.
Great food with innovative touches.  Chef is young and talented and the dishes all are composed of different components that work great together.  My review is a 4.5 for the food and I am hoping that the chef and his staff will move on to a permanent location.
Andrew P. has been trying to persuade me to have brunch at the Eating House for over a year. Somewhat unimpressed by the simple decor and the bizarre menu, I had successfully skirted red around the request for months.  Then curiosity peaked!  5 star review after 5 star review, mouthwatering photos....Hello...you have my attention! So by the time Monica C. invited me to her birthday brunch on Sunday I was in. Amazinggg!!! A-MA-ZINGGGGG!!!!! Why the need for the capital letters?  Here's why: * Tang mimosas - I know I was reluctant too...I mean what exactly is tang? But fear not, this is the first leap down into the rabbit hole...breathe in, let go and jump! * Calentado - ok so the premise here is leftovers for breakfast. Like Christmas leftovers, pork, congri, platanitos and a fried egg (a Colombian Christmas) but OMG delicious!!!!! * Carbonara eggs benedict - nuff said, insanely good! * Chicken and waffles - ironically this was my choice for the table but my least favorite dish.  Don't get me wrong it was good but the other dishes were just better. * Cap'n crunch pancakes - dieeee...my favorite...I wanted all the crunchy candied toppings for myself! So this find goes to Andrew P. and Monica C., I'm adding points to your scoreboard. :)
It's Tuesday nite at 7:30 and the small converted restaurant is packed. New Times reviews scattered everywhere and the crowd came for that reason. They all seem pleased as did I. We all came for the food and that's what we got. Superior food and professional service. If only Miami's old established dinning spots could follow their direction. The winners were the brussel sprots and the fried chicken with waffles. Better than Yardbird.
Ever since Giorgio Ravicavoli left 660, I have been wanting to try his latest endeavor. Don't even think about walking in for Sunday brunch without a reservation. We made ours weeks in advance and still could only get a 2:00 PM table. We've all seen Miami restaurants become highly popular, only to watch their service go down the drain. Not the case at E.H. This place runs like a well oiled German piece of machinery, yet they manage to carry this care-free vibe. The staff seems like a tightly knit group of friends and why do I feel like they had more fun than me, when I was the one eating? The menu is refreshingly light on options, just solid American comfort food. Our oh-so-easy-on-the-eyes waiter Christian recommended to order 2-3 dishes and share. We decided on the hash browns (too salty, skip next time), eggs benedict (yummy hollandaise but the egg could have poached at least another 30 seconds) and of course, the cap'n crunch pancakes. Now, I NEVER eat sugary cereal. Therefore, the idea of topping my pancakes with it seems foreign and juvenile. Thank goodness I trusted my fellow yelpers and ordered them just to see what the hype was about. These pancakes are nothing short of awesome. Not the best I've ever had but definitely top five. Fluffy, moist, pillowy, addictive. Curious to come back for lunch or dinner, or maybe just dessert.
Great food, excellent service and a very cool vibe.
Short but flavourful menu with a good wine list to pair. The vibe of the place is kind of trendy but not pretensive. Good place to have lunch or to have a drink with coworkers or friends on a thursday or friday.
After hearing about the long wait, I was able to make a reservation for 4 for Sunday brunch. BEST DECISION EVER. The food was great, the ambiance was even better and on top of that the food comes once its made. I ordered the callentado (delicious delicious) and cap'n crunch pancakes. I shared these dishes and i left full knowing ill want to come back for more!
The first time I went to Eating House was over a year ago when it was just a pop-up restaurant.  I waited for more than 1.5 hours and I wasn't disappointed by anything but the dessert (some cake batter thing that was just unimpressive). For a year, I dreamt about the pasta carbonara ...until I went back last night.  My gf and I decided to share everything so we started with the brussel sprouts and pimenton cheese.  Brussel sprouts were good for the first minute and then quickly just became a soggy mess.  I like my veggies crunchy not soaked in grease.  The pimenton cheese was awful..sorry Eating House!  Tasted like something out of a jar.  It wasn't at all what we expected.  We munched on it but left more than half.  On to the pasta carbonara...maybe I was full from the horrible cheese but it just wasn't like I remembered it.  It was good but could have been hotter (not a fan of my food luke warm).   The service was great and the boys in plaid shirts are nice to look at.  When the bill came, I was pretty surprised...brussel sprouts, cheese, pasta, 1 wine, and 2 beers was close to $100 (including tip).  I wasn't satisfied and felt like it was waaaaay overpriced.
hands downnnnnnnnnnnn booooooomb!!! what a treat for miami for past few months for crazy good eats! ill be so sad when they close at the end of the month :( *sniff love love loveeeeeeeeeeee the crispy brussel sprouts! pork belly.. yummmmmmmmmm ahhhhhhhhhh i think i definitely tried the entire menu! everything is deelishhhhhhhhhhhhhh! and you must must muSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT go for brunch!!!!!!!!!!!!! make sure to wear stretchy pants ;)
This place has a creative menu and everything was fairly tasty including the deserts. The staff was Friendly and informative. So why two stars? The wait, the people and the hype. Took forever to be seated and i understand that it is not a big place but that's where people part comes in. The crowd was a huge turnoff to this place. Just be prepared to encounter large amounts of douchebags, cougars, winos, yuppies, etc. I guess i went when it was too crowded and we sat near the entrance. Had all these people hovering over our table waiting to be seated. Overhearing tipsy wino banter all night... I was in hell and i couldn't enjoy anything. The place is small and would have been a nice, relaxing and peaceful environment if it wasn't filled with people...annoying people. I found some of the items on the menu to be on a little on the pricey side and i really didn't eat anything that made my mouth want to dance. Everything looked pretty but it was unmemorable. The only thing that we had that stood out was the bone marrow alla parmigiana. That said i don't feel the need to ever really come back to this place.
Went there for brunch and had the bk hash browns (too salty) the cap n crunch pancakes (too sweet, corn tasting and too dry) and the calentado (good). They bring dishes as they get ready regardless of the order you'd like them in, so it looks like it works the way that is convenient for the kitchen and not the customer. I've heard good things about this place and it wasn't up to my expectations, I'll give another try with their dinner menu.
Great friendly service! Came here for brunch. Tang mimosas 5$ Eggs benedict was a little runny so bread was too wet but good flavor 16$ However i will not get this again Cinammon waffles were excellent . sweet but not overpowering with a delicious chantilly cream :)  it was almost like a sunday 11$ Hash browns were crunchy and spicy (not hot but spices)  6$ Did i mentioned that service was great? Very friendly and helpful Drink menu is limited but not bad. One prosecco 13$ a glass, one lambrusco 9$ and a few white and red wines. Chianti glass 9.50$ It would've been nice if they had more champagne, prosecco, or brut selections for brunch Overall it was good. It is a nice little place not many tables so reservation may be a good idea to make sure you dont wait too long. I will try it again so you should give it a try and see for yourself
Going to keep this one simple. GREAT creative food, chill atmosphere, and fantastic service. Reservation is recommended. Menu changes often. Keeps it interesting. Everyone from out of town that I bring here LOVES it. Go for dinner, and brunch. Be prepared to wait. It's worth it.
Ok so I accidentally logged in to my BFs account and wrote this glowing review of The Eating House. I think it is worth repeating. I will just add, I wish the place was a tad bigger.  :). Ate. Prayed. Loved. Ate crispy pig ears that I prayed would not taste like pig ears, and I ended up loving them. The down low: Make a reservation at least a week in advance- it's small and popular. Bring a few peeps. The small plate thing is so much more fun with a crowd, though I must say my romantic date night for 2 was delectable. Ask your attractive waiter with dimples you can dive into for his wine recommendations. The Shiraz blend was awesome. Chicken and waffles are filling. Menu changes regularly so just keep asking the adorable waiter for suggestions. Key lime cheese cake... we took it home for a midnight snack for 2.  Hubba hubba. What a great night.
Giorgio Rapicavoli and company do an amazing job as always this has been my third time at the restaurant and I have never had a bad plate. Was there on 11/23/2012 and the menu has changed a bit. The captain crunch desert is different than before but an amazing display of talent to make and tastes amazing. Giorgio Rapicavoli and his staff were pleasant and helpful . They not only knew there menu but were able to discuss its different aspect to describe eat portion of the plates.
The only way I can describe the food here is heavenly. We came here on a dark, rainy evening hoping that everyone else would be put off and we'd be able to snag a spot in this fairly small, usually packed restaurant. We were seated right away, and everyone was friendly and courteous from start to finish. The service was excellent, which just added to the amazing experience that was our dinner. Now onto the food... We started with Brussel Sprouts and the Sweet Corn app. The corn was a little tough to eat (I had no idea it would be corn on the cobb) but my boyfriend assured me it was delicious. The brussel sprouts were great, even if they're not too original (I feel like most places now do brussel sprouts in a sort of asian style sauce). We split the Pasta Carbonara and the Chicken & Waffles. Now these two dishes are staples for a reason - each dish on its own is one of the best things I've ever had. I'm someone who doesn't like eggs all that much and the egg in carbonara can sometimes be overwhelming...no so here, where the dish was balanced in every way (egg, cheese, bacon, truffle). The pasta was also perfectly al dente. Each bite I took made me sad because I knew at some point I'd get to the bottom of the bowl. The Chicken and Waffles were equally spectacular. The chicken was so moist and tender and the accompaniments were again the perfect balance of different flavors and textures. If you haven't been to check this place out yet you're making a huge life mistake. I regret not coming here months before I did; and I'd eat here every day if I could.
I could eat there every day and never get sick of it. This is only place that I eat brussel sprouts and bone marrow. But my favorite is the pork belly! So many delicious items.
Came here with my sister for Sunday brunch. We had reservations at 11am which is right when they open and there was already a line being made outside. We waited outside for about a minute until an employee asked for people with reservations by which then we were promptly seated. Every one of the staff was polite and attentive. Our waiter, Peter, was very nice and helpful. Now on to the food, we were informed that dishes would be brought out individually and that they were to share. To start off we had the heirloom tomatoes with frozen coconut milk and the maiz asado. The maiz asado was small mini sweet corn lightly grilled with tangy lime crema, cojita cheese, and lightly fried fritos corn chips sprinkled on top. The balance of the sweet corn went well with the toppings. The tomatoes were absolutely out of this world! The tomatoes were plump and slightly acidic and sweet. Accompanying the fresh wonderful produce was a delicious nuoc cham sauce. To bring it all together fresh basil, peanuts, and frozen coconut milk was dusted on top. I wanted to order another one. For entrees we had the chicken and waffles and the carbonara eggs benedict. The chicken was seasoned and fried to perfection. These beautiful bits of chicken were laying side by side with fluffy waffles and it was all swimming in a delectable syrup. This is the first time I have had chicken and waffles and let me say, the bar is set up in the sky. The eggs benedict was perfectly cooked, the gooey yolk oozed out perfectly onto the crusty bread underneath. The cheese, bacon, and sauce all melted together in my mouth for a rich full of flavor experience. To finish off the meal, we shared the "dirt cup" which if you order it, you will know why it has the name it has. It is fairly large and good enough to split between two people. One bite led to an explosion of salty and sweet, smooth and crunchy. I loved the little bits of salty pretzel, creamy hazelnut mousse, and everything else layered in between. When you eat it, try to get a bit of each and every layer in every spoonful. Overall this meal was outstanding, the service was great, and I left a really happy camper, I cannot wait to come back and try dinner.
more of trendy thing than anything else.....the portions were tiny...the food was ok, nothing like the hype i had been hearing.
When I first reviewed Eating House, they were a "Pop Up" restaurant, Giorgio Rapicavoli the owner/chef was still wet behind the ears; however, that would be like saying Mozart was wet behind the ears at age 8 two years after writing music. The Eating House is now transformed, as they own the restaurant, and remodeled it into a way cool, funkadelic study. Not only do you feel comfortable in this library-esk man cave, but you feel as if you are being welcomed home. I am the one who is always excited in coming here, truly he is one of thee best chef's in Miami, if not thee best chef. Such a talented guy, and an incredible hard working staff. He is leaving quite a mark in the South Florida community. He still has tremendous passion for what he does, and there is always something new on the menu. Today it was the Short Ribs that rocked my socks off, they were undoubtedly they best Short Rib's I have ever had. The Beet Capriccio was so well worth the order too. His palliating is that of Monet, Rembrandt  and Da Vinci artwork to the eye, and music to the mouth. I know I will be able to look back and say I was there opening day, as one day and one day very soon he will have a restaurant like "The French Laundry, Beast, Husk, he has surly surpassed Maxine's in Paris. Literally I could eat there everyday, but I'd way 400 lbs. and I'd be broke. The best compliment I can pass on, was "His parents raised him right", I'm proud he's a Miami boy. His abilities are endless, graciousness is unfettered and he has left his ego at the door. That say's a lot if you have met the other talented chef's that Giorgio is skillfully running circles around. Love this place, love his staff.
I went here because my friend got recommended about a pop-up restaurant.  I would recommend the truffle carbonara pasta and fried chicken and waffles. If you like dark meat and don't mind to give your self to try a wierd combo definitely go for the chicken and waffles. Crispy fried chicken thighs were assembled over spicy ranch sauce and topped with crispy bacon strips with maple syrup glaze. It may seem small, but you get a whole round waffle divided into four sections slipped in between the four pieces of fried chicken thighs. If you like white truffle oil the pasta carbonara is a must try! Excellent flavor with bacon and parmigiano. The brussel sprouts: korean bbq, with a fried egg topped with sesame was a burnt or overcooked. Charred corn was good with a mix of butter and fritos and cilantro, but definitely an appetizer sample dish. Very slow service definitely go with a group of friends to try various dishes.
I have only been for brunch, and it is oh so good. Tang mimosas, candied bacon, bk hash browns, chicken and waffles (my favorite), captain crunch pancakes and the cuban bread torrejas are all delis. Go with a couple friends so you can share and try a little bit of everything. Service is always on point & they play music that I love (+1 star for that)
they are open! i ate brunch there today and i was blown away! the french toast was madness! the pancakes were unreal! the affagado(not sure of the spelling) was insane...and corn with fritos, not its actual name, was incredible. the staff is great at what they do, the ingredients are familiar while unusual and used in a way that is an utter joy to consume!!!! the presentation is creative...i am thankful they are staying permanently!
Great food and ambiance. We loved the pasta carbonara and Brussel sprout. Very friendly waitress and great service. Reservation is highly recommended (in our visit the place was packed  and we were lucky to get counter seating)
I've been here numerous times and have never been disappointed!  The biggest indication of how good a restaurant is, when you look around at all of the dirty plates that are picked up by the waiters and they look like they've been licked clean.  My two favorite dishes are the chicken and waffles, as well as, the pasta carbonara.  You can't go wrong on any of the slow cooked meats.  Finally, for desert, just get one of everything.  Whether it's the fried oreos, tiramisu or the play on any of the breakfast cereals, just do it!  Highly recommend and can't wait to see where this chef pops up next.
Make a reservation. Unless they move to a bigger location or unless you enjoy waiting about an hour for a table for two, then make a reservation. I ended up here for brunch on a Sunday morning after original plans fell through. So, I decided to check out this place with a relative. We got there at 11 am as the restaurant opened. We were without a reservation so we waited about an hour. No biggie for us since there were stools outside for us to sit on and wait comfortably. The staff brought out water and oj to make our wait time more pleasant. Once inside there were no tables for two so we were sat at the bar. A new and different brunch experience for us. We could have waited another half hour or so for a table to come open but we were hungry. Our bar servers were absolutely delightful with our needs and answered ALL our very specific questions about the dishes. We decided on ... The chicken and waffles with candied bacon The sweet corn in a cheesy and lime cream The cap'n crunch pancakes Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. The sweet, salty, tangy and spicy flavors will bring us back for more. We left with a thoroughly satisfied feeling that didn't need an immediate nap afterwards. Next time, though, I will make reservations to avoid waiting so long and to hopefully get a proper table. The bar area is probably loads of fun for happy hour and sitting at the bar for brunch wasn't awful, just different. When we were there a large group of folks were standing near the bar area while waiting to be called. So, the area got very warm and very cramped very quick. Make a reservation. :) Oh, one more thing, be prepared to walk a bit since, there's no surface parking. There is plenty of street parking but we didn't see any parking for disabled folks anywhere within 50 feet of the restaurant. Walking is always great but if you have kids or older family members this is probably as important a detail for you as it was for me. All in all, three and a half Yelp stars for fantastic flavors and great customer service.
This place was great!  My husband and I arrived around 7:30 p.m. Tuesday night.  I was excited to try the restaurant on a Tuesday because I figured in a way that was their first day of their week and they might have some cool stuff on the menu.  The restaurant was about half full when we arrived, but within a little while it filled up and there was a nice buzz in the air.   We sat down immediately and had our pick of a few tables in the back near the bar.  Ordered a glass of a delicious Riesling and my husband had a beer (lager) that he really enjoyed.  Our server (not sure her name, but she couldn't have been sweeter...wore glasses with brown hair) brought our drinks out immediately along with a cute and yummy bowl of popcorn.  I like when a restaurant does something different like that.  Nice touch. As I quickly scanned the menu in hopes that the skirt steak would be on there for my husband and the pasta carbonara for me, I was happy to find both!  I had just read an article in the Miami New Times that pasta was Giorgio Rapicavoli's specialty, so I couldn't NOT get that, especially after reading the description of his version of it with toasted breadcrumbs and black truffle.  My husband isn't really an adventurous eater (so no bone marrow or sweetbreads for him!) nor a seafood lover, so I was really hoping the skirt steak that I had seen on previous Eating House menus would be on it.  Not only was there a skirt steak, but there was also a short rib entree listed.   Our waitress advised us that 2 appetizers and 2 entrees would be more than enough.  We ordered the roasted bananas foster miso Japanese eggplant and the fried chicken thighs and waffle.  The eggplant was beautiful when it came out with many (I think) edible flowers on it.  It was good and unique, but not my favorite.  However, the fried chicken thighs blew us both away!  We couldn't get enough of it, and I'm not normally a fried chicken lover at all.  TRY THIS IF YOU GO HERE!  I really cannot say enough great things about this appetizers.  By the way, it was a very nice portion, so could easily serve as an entree.   When I took my first bite of pasta carbonara, I was in heaven!  It really could not have been any better.  I would say it is I think the very best pasta dish I have ever had.  Everything just worked in it.  There was such a good amount of bacon, and the egg yolk on top was the perfect touch.  I don't even normally like truffle that much, but there was the perfect hint of it in this dish.  I shared a little with my husband, but there was not a morsel on my plate when we were done. I liked his skirt steak more than he did, although it was cooked perfectly.  The problem was that it was too salty for him.  I love salt, and especially big rock salt sprinkled on food, which this had...but for him, it was too much.  Still giving Eating House 5 stars!  The plantain tostones that came with it were fantastic and cooked perfectly.   Don't even get me started on the desserts. :)  The order of (3) fried double stuffed oreos was heavenly and just as I had read, different than Prime 112's famous fried oreos.  The green birthday cake ice cream that was served with it was out of this world...my husband and I couldn't get enough of it!  He said he's come back just for that ice cream!  We have never in our lives ordered two desserts, but when the chef came over and we started talking to him, I asked what dessert he recommended from the 3 listed.  He said the breakfast Captain Crunch panna cotta...so how could we not take the chef's recommendation?  So, you can see how we just had no choice but to order two desserts...LOL.  The panna cotta was good, and I liked the crunchy sweet cereal element on top....but those oreos...another level!!!  Giorgio the chef was talking to the table behind us and mentioned that he had some special edition birthday oreos (regular oreo but instead of having just plain white creme in the middle, it has sort of a rainbow sprinkles speckled white creme) in the back that he had been making the fried oreos with often on other days...so i turned around and said, "You have them??? I was hoping you'd make them tonight!!" and so he was soooo sweet and actually went into the kitchen and fried one up for me!!!  I wish him the best of luck with this restaurant and all of his future endeavors...he's only going to be more well known and successful!  Thanks for an amazing and memorable evening!!  We'll most definitely be back. :)
Ate. Prayed. Loved. Ate crispy pig ears that I prayed would not taste like pig ears, and I ended up loving them. The down low: Make a reservation at least a week in advance- it's small and popular. Bring a few peeps. The small plate thing is so much more fun with a crowd, though I must say my romantic date night for 2 was delectable. Ask your attractive waiter with dimples you can dive into for his wine recommendations. The Shiraz blend was awesome. Chicken and waffles are filling. Menu changes regularly so just keep asking the adorable waiter for suggestions. Key lime cheese cake... we took it home for a midnight snack for 2.  Hubbard hubba. What a great night.
A good friend of mine suggested I visit a relatively new pop-up restaurant in Coral Gables, so I hightailed myself over to Eating House on a Friday night. The place was packed! While we waited for a table for about an hour, we looked at the menu. Pretty interesting stuff! So, when we sat down, we started with the Homestead Tomatoes. Sounds pretty straightforward, right? Think again. Frozen coconut milk with peanuts and tomatoes on the same plate? Well, dang they were good! Next we had the  "Head to Tail" Tostada.  Just thinking about how it tasted, is making me hungry all over again. What a genius burst of flavors! We had two entrees, the Pasta Carbonara and the Niman Ranch Park Pork Belly, but my favorite of the two was the Pork Belly. These were two slider sized potato roll sandwiches, filled to capacity with deliciously seasoned pork belly, cilantro, pickled cucumbers, scallions and a guava hoisin glaze. Wow! Finally, the dessert that through me over the edge was the Breakfast: a frosted flake cereal mousse, with milk panna cotta, candied flakes of cereal on top, and housemade coffee salt. My head is still spinning! For more information on Eating House, and other great restaurants, visit my page at adventuresofthefoodaholi….
All I have to say is thank god for reservations. I went for brunch and I now understand why the line was half way down the block before the restaurant even opened. I ordered the chicken and waffles and an order of the candied bacon, both were finger licken good. Had the tang mimosas which were small but strong and was able to try the Samoa waffle which tasted even better than the girl scout cookies. Small restaurant with good music and a chill vibe. Liked the heat decor and the wu-tang inspired shirts the staff had on, eating house ain't nothing ta f**k with. I seriously cant wait to go back!
This is one of the best places hands down. I've been here for both breakfast and dinner and the food is heaven. Love the food, music, ambience, etc. Only complaint would have to be the compactness/wait times, but it seems they're going to be taking care of that by relocating soon.
Very overrated. Cons -Wait is an hour even if you reserve. Who reserves at restuarants like these? -The food is overrated -Pricey -Parking at meters -Cramped Pros -Nice waiter
I wish my experience could of been more favorable but unfortunately I did not even get to try the food. We went Sunday (3/3/13) afternoon for lunch and there was a wait. I do not mind waiting for food, especially if it's good food. We were standing around for about 15 minutes, with everyone else that is waiting for a table. No one bothered to take our name nor was there someone taking names. We saw someone that looked like he worked there and asked him if there is someone we can give our name to for a table and he said "I'll come back and take your name". Well another 10 minutes passed and the same gentleman that said was going to take our name talked to the group waiting right next to us, giving the other people waiting mimosas, and just totally ignored us. On top of that, he was taking names on his iphone, really? So we just left, I wouldn't want to spend money in a place that could care less about new customers.
I finally made it back to eating house and it has lost some of its allure, at least for me, not the mobs of people lined up outside waiting to score a table inside. I remember the tomatoes and the chicken and waffles being extraordinary while this time around they were just ok. the stand out for me this time were the brussel sprouts (we ordered a second round) and the pasta carbonara!! the dirt cup was huge and delicious and the shaved ice (although I didn't have any) was a hit at our table!! I still like it but I wont be running back.
So the Eating House has been on my radar for a while, but with so many amazing places in Miami, I just kept forgetting. So tonight, as I was in the neighborhood and starving I had a light bulb moment! I came in without a reservation (strongly suggested even on a week night since the place is tiny and quite busy) so I ended up at the bar. That was not bad since I had my server close at all times. I looked over the menu and after choosing about 5 items, I ultimately let the very attentive Luke decide for me. I had the tomatoes, the chicken and waffles, and ended up with the dirt cup for dessert. The tomatoes were one of the tastiest most amazing and creative salads I have ever had. The mix of flavors, including peanuts, was insane. I knew that very few things after that cold top it. And it is with mixed emotions that I'd say I was right. I had high hopes for the chicken and waffles but upon serious consideration (eating 3/4 of it- which is a lot!) I determined that the waffle was undercooked and the chicken may have been as well. I could still taste the flour in both. Those 2 things notwithstanding, the flavors were pretty intense and made me generally overlook that they were undercooked (who can ruin fried chicken, waffles, maple syrup, and bacon?). The dessert was just an act of gluttony. I could have done without it, but when I hear Oreo crumbles, Nutella, and pretzels, I just lose reason. It was worth the over indulgence, if not the extra hour on the treadmill. Oh, and let's not forget their idea of the bread basket...flavored popcorn! All dishes could have been easily shared since I had enough left overs of each item for an entire bountiful second meal. Overall, the Eating House was a good idea. The mix of laid back service with their very serious approach to food is a total hipster view of fine dinning.
OVERRATED! Sorry guys, but I have to disagree with most Yelpers on this one. So, it's Friday night and the wife and I get hungry. I mention the Eating House and she is like, "yes, yes, yes! I've heard nothing but good things about that place." Being that her sentiments are echoed all throughout social media, I was cool with giving this place a try. We called to make reservations. They said they weren't taking anymore, but because of the weather (raining all day), the wait would be minimal. Well, we got there, ordered a bottle of wine, and, an hour later, as we poured our last half-glass of wine, we were seated. They seated us at the bar (really? After waiting an hour, we are seated at the bar, right next to the entrance, in arguably the most cramped part of the restaurant?). Our waiter was awesome. She quickly recommended the four top items on their menu. So, naturally, we ordered the four she recommended and added 2 more dishes. Brussels sprouts:  meh, too salty, too charred. (2/5) Tomatoes with coconut ice: by far, best thing we tried. Delicious balance of flavors. (4/5) Pork belly: Wow (in a bad way)! I love caramelized pork belly, but not Eating House's. The caramelized part was super tough. My wife said I looked like a mule chewing gum. (1/5) Lime Corn: This was pretty good! Very similar to Mexican Elote, except I like Elote better. (3/5) Bone Marrow: Worst I've ever had. I don't mean to sound like a snob, but screw it. I am a bone marrow snob, and this was by far the worst I've ever had. Too many combined flavors. (1/5) Carbonara: Was ok. Nothing out of this world. Pretty bland, if you ask me. (2/5) This is one instance where the hype didn't correlate with reality. I really wish I could give Eating House a better review. But, unfortunately, it left much to be desired (excuse the cliché). My wife and I are foodies. Our travels, which are frequent, are always hierarchically planned around food, sights and shock factor, respectively. Eating House just didn't cut it.
Simply put....I felt like a judge on Top Chef Masters. Every component of the food was delectible and rarely seen, much less eaten. My sweetie and I split three plates - pork cheeks, sweetbreads, and pasta carbonara. The sweetbreads were accompanied by a black garlic sauce that alone would make you happy if it was the last thing you requested before being beheaded. The pork cheeks had been braised until they were as tender as mash potatoes and the sorta barbeque sauce was intoxicating. We finished with the pasta carbonara which was laced with black truffles and so rich it may have had it's own penthouse condo on Brickell Ave. We so wanted dessert but not a chance we were too full and had to cart the balance of the pasta home with us. The only bummer was the alcohol. No hard stuff and the wine started at $40 a bottle. Why not offer a bottle of Castle Rock Pinot at $25, which is affordable and delicious, and you could still enjoy a 60% markup? Just saying.....All in all, if you drool while watching the cooking shows this restaurant will satisfy your need to be an occasional foodie and at prices that are fair and reasonable. Bravo Eating House! Please don't pack your knives and go home!
We went and had brunch here. The food was great. Atmosphere was amazing. The only suggestion I would have is to make a reservation prior to coming. This place can get packed especially on Sundays.
good food. chill ambiance. good service.
Been here for dinner and brunch and you honestly can't go wrong, no matter what you order. Since I went for brunch most recently, I can definitely recommend the Tang mimosas, eggs benedict, Cuban torejas and Cap'n Crunch pancakes. The place is pretty small, so reservations (made far in advance) are recommended. The service is always awesome, too. Yet another plus. Easy to find (corner of 8th and Ponce) and plenty of street parking available. Do yourself a favor and go. Like... today.
nice vibe. amazing music. tribe called quest, BIG, etc. food was innovative but even too salty for my husband who adds salt to everything. we probably won't go back.
I have never been disappointed! We first went to Eating House when it was still a pop-up restaurant. The Nutella dirt cup is by far one of my favorite desserts. It's different, and satisfying. You see people of all ages, of all background enjoying truly good food.
This is seriously the best brunch I have ever had in my life. The wait is a little long but it is absolutely worth it! The Calentada and Chicken Waffles are my favorite. I like the fried chicken at Eating House more than the fried chicken at Yardbird.  I will be coming back very soon. :)
I must say I came to this place thinking I was walking into heaven. We had reservations so we were sitting within 5 minutes of arriving. At first they sat us right by the door and it was extremely hot. I guess they overheard us And moved us to another table without us having to complain which was great! I ordered a mimosa which was excellent! Regarding the food, I wasn't all that impressed. The server said that people usually order two or three plates and share but when we got our food, the portions of each plate are just right for just one person, not really for sharing. I had the Nutella waffles which was really good but then again can these possibly not be great?! My mom had the calentado, that was really good and different I must say. My boyfriend ordered the eggs Benedict and the portion was quiet small, it was two French toasts with one egg on top each and some carbonara sauce. He ended up eating a quarter of my waffle. The overall experience was good, it is pretty inexpensive, yet nothing out of this world.
I'd like to give Eating House 3.5 stars. The service was very good, the music and ambience is nice and laid back, the menu is creative. I dig the location, its near my house and I love that whole Ponce between Calle Ocho and Bird area.... I would give brunch a higher rating than dinner. This time, it was dinner. We ordered the pig ear roll, which we were hesitant to try, I tasted an overwhelming fishy flavor, perhaps maybe in the sauce, not sure but I wasn't sold. The brussel sprouts were good, but very salty. The chicken and waffles were satisfying, also very rich. We ended up canceling the pork belly because it was too much. I will maybe come back and give it second chance, and maybe we just ordered food that was too rich, perhaps the tomatoes and turnips etc are examples of their lighter fare....but last time I had the pasta carbonara, which tasted amazing, but again relying on just a combination of rich ingredients. I guess my only  feedback would be to have some lighter menu options that still have flavor but don't sound like side dishes, maybe some fish or less fatty proteins.
For 4 dishes, wine and a dessert, our tab was around $135. Not really cheap in my opinion. Also, everything was way too salty. As mentioned before, the tap water is charged (75c/person). Strange, but you make money where you can. What I don't like also is that they rush you. The dishes came nearly at the same time and they had time to cool off before I was ready to eat them. Definitely now slow food. Other than that, everything except the pork ribs was very good. I would recommend getting the usual (what's on the web menu) since it's probably safer taste -wise. Trying today's special might produce good or bad surprises. For me, it was a bad one.
I walked past the place 3 times and if it hadn't been for the leggy blond sitting at the bar, I would not have persisted. All power to her - whom soever she was (or is). The service was as good as the food - first class. Not cheap but not overly priced for the meal at all. The waiter, Ben, was knowledgeable, efficient, and pleasant. Faultless food. Green tomato starter with cilantro and coconut - brilliant. Carbinar
Eating House has created a menu with tastes off the charts!!! innovative delicious dishes abound. most dishes are made to be shared and come one by one. they only have beer and wine and a good selection. we had the broccoli, cauliflower, tomato, pasta and chicken with waffles, which were all fantastic dishes(see menu for more detail). we will go back, but reservations are hard to come by at the last minute, so call ahead. the only thing, i did not like was that they charge, for the water and do not tell you. they have metered parking around the block, and the restaurant does not have a sign, so it is not easy to see, but you will find it on the south west corner of Ponce de Leon and Calle Ocho..
Amazing! This restaurant is hard to find and we had to drive around the block twice...they definitely need some type of sign out front. This place is super cute and trendy and has a great beer and wine list. We ordered the Brussel sprouts, cauliflower, burrata (not my favorite dish...has little flavor), turnips, and chicken & waffle dish. For dessert we had a dirt dish...AMAZING!!!!   Everything was fantastic and our waiter was such a nice guy! He was friendly and seemed like he really loved his job...very refreshing. This place is a gem and we will definitely be back!
I'm so glad this is no longer a pop-up restaurant! I've visited The Eating House a few times, and it never disappoints. Last time I was here, I waited almost thirty minutes just to order food for take out. This place gets ridiculously packed during brunch! It's highly recommended that you make reservations if you plan on brunching here on a Sunday. Expect a 45-minute wait just to be seated if you don't. You cant go wrong with the Cap'n Crunch Pancakes, and the Chick and Waffles are always a hit. The menu is constantly changing, so it's wise to check if these items are available before visiting. Long wait, small space, and almost no parking, but the food makes it all worth it.
Amazing dining experience at any time of day (lunch, dinner, brunch)...it's all you've heard or read about plus more. Only downer is that they don't have unlimited mimosas during brunch. Try the place out kids...best use of an 8th street corner EVA!
I've had some interesting plates here. Spending plenty of time myself in kitchens, I can really appreciate bold flavors, creative marriages, eccentric ideas, innovative fusions.. Clean, Fun, Friendly, and most importantly, delicious!! Great service (Joseph Mackillop) treated my exceptionally! Great Value, GREAT EXPERIENCE..!
Delicious food & awesome customer service!!! Can't wait to try their brunch. The chicken waffles and pasta carbonara were superb! Lamb & beef dishes were great too.
Turn off your phone if you are waiting for a call from your dietician because they will be extremely disappointed. This is not paleo but carbs make people happy and letting go of crunches for a day won't kill your six pack. The combination of some of these dishes may have been thought up by a stoner during a munchies session and if so I am thankful to them for having done so. The menu is constantly changing with great ideas and I feel like a kid in a candy store. Try some Capt crunch pancakes if you are feeling adventurous, chicken and waffles with a twist or even the candied apple wood bacon that drips with artery clogging perfection! If you want healthy go to Jenny Craig but if you want a tasty yet not so healthy mouth orgy then this is the place for you. Located in the Gables it has a hipster chic flow about it that screams everyone is welcome. Dress comfortably or go in your Sunday best but either way it doesn't really matter. The tables are fairly close together but that just means that you get a front row seat of other things you just may want to order. Bring your appetite because they didn't name it the eating house for no reason... Yum!
As a huge foodie, I'm always hunting down new places to satisfy my palette! My boyfriend and I wanted to find a new spot, with great food yet a casual atmosphere. Vuala! We remembered we hadn't  yet been to "Eating House" so we decided to make a trip to the Gables. The restaurant is located on the corner of 8th and Ponce, location is great. Upon walking in I got a vibe of home-like and intimate yet casual. The decor is funky and compliments the menu and concept of the restaurant, it's not very spacious but the space sets the mood for whats to come... the menu! Menu is very selectively small, to my understanding it's always constantly changing as the chef wishes. After getting a few recommendations from our dear friend about their most popular dishes and his personal favorites, we decided to choose at our heart's content. We ordered: Mussels, me being a seafood lover I'm always in search of the best mussels.. and to my delight. THEY WERE! My boyfriend isn't big on mussels at all, actually never orders them. After having one, he practically ended up finishing the dish himself. He claims they were the best mussels he has ever had. They were perfectly tender, flavorful, not one bit fishy, and the sauce with onions complimented it heavenly. Next came the Oxtail dish, with the rice-less fried rice which to me was ingenious, I've never seen someone use cauliflower so creatively, to the point where your scratching every little crumb off the plate. The flavor and texture was so different it just made you want to eat all of it. The Oxtail was AMAZING, juicy, tender and seasoned perfectly where you can actually enjoy the meat itself and not have it drowned in seasoning. It was hands down the best Oxtail I've had And finally arrived our Short Ribs, what a sight. It's a pretty decent portion, which made my boyfriend and I give each other the "I think we over ordered" look. The combinations of the beef with cabbage, small potatoes, zucchini and some delicious IDK what sauce was great. It really does lighten up the dish, as it was pretty heavy. Lots of tender meat to work on. Juicy and tender, not sure if we were already full but it wasn't delicious enough to finish it entirely. The short ribs wasn't anything I was amazed about but I would say the combinations of flavors on the plate were what made me want to attempt to finish the plate. and last but not least, DESSERT! We had the famous "dirt cup", and yeap it really is a big dirt pot. Arriving at the table I saw a white pot with what looked like dirt inside. I was so intrigued and I think the idea was rather unique, after I dug in with my spoon my perception of this dirt cup changed. It was pure bliss. Oreo crumbs, nutella, cream, ice cream, crunch... it was the best!! I wish this place nothing but the best of success. The service was amazing, the food was beyond unique, stood out from anything in the near distance and the atmosphere made you feel so welcomed and at home. Congrats once again Alex, the experience at Eating House was by far memorable!
Easily our favorite restaurant in Miami.  Hands down.  No contest.  Everything wows. Menu is small-plates style so order a few to share.  No alterations to dishes--so no picky eaters allowed.  Wine list can be pricey, but carry-ins are allowed (though at $25 a bottle--really?). But seriously--everything is the bomb.  Though our favorites are probably the Sunday brunch (from 11-2pm).  Try the Key Lime waffles or Captain Crunch pancakes, if available. Get a reservation at least a week in advance or be cool with an hour wait.   Though the sweethearts noticed our hour wait last week and rewarded us with a complimentary appetizer.  Bomb!
I've been here three times already and I've just decided to make this my new regular spot.  This place never disappoints!  The good is spectacular and the service is fantastic.  Make sure to make a reservation though because you may have to wait a bit on weekend nights or brunch.  You can't go wrong with any of their staple dishes, just ask your server and they usually make great recommendations.  I love that the chef is always there running food himself!
Ok.... Seriously... This food is out of this world. Brussel Sprouts - perfectly seasoned and just a little bit crunchy.  When I bit into the first one, all my childhood memories of cartoon characters hating brussel sprouts popped into my head... and suddenly I was angry that I had never tried them before.  A+ brussel sprouts. Chicken and Waffles - the chicken was good.. very tender.  The waffles... well... i like syrup on my waffles... Tomatoes -  Yummy.  Tomato slices topped with peanuts.  The sprinkled coconut ice really made it a refreshing little dish. General Tso's Oxtail - I'm not a big meat eater, but this was pretty good. Pasta Carbonara - my favorite of the night.  It was very heavy, and they served it last, but it was so good that I found space for it.  No words to explain it, it was just that delicious.  I want to go back just for this! Dirt Cup - I expected something different.  It was all chocolate.  Still yummy, though. The Elvis - Peanut butter, bananas, and ice cream... you can't go wrong. I gave it 4 stars because they messed up our bill and charged us for 2 extra people, but things like that always happen in big groups so I won't hold it against them. I will definitely be going back.  I want to try the Captain Crunch Pancakes.... Anything smothered in condensed milk sounds like a good idea to me. Overall Score: A- for the billing mishap
It was all delicious. Everything we tried was great BUT the place is so crowded for brunch... You have to make a reservation and even then we had to wait 25 min for our table. Then it was so packed that it was also hot. Then there is so little space even for the wait staff that service is just ok. Even though our waiter was great whenever he showed up he was gone more often than we needed. So even though the food was good it wasn't worth the drama of eating like sardines in a hot tin. Probably won't go back. One time was enough. Try it. Once... If you have time and have a snack first so you don't get "hangry" while you wait lol That way you can tell all your friends how trendy you are lol FYI watch the brunch episode of portalandia - basically describes the experience exactly lol
This place is AMAZING!!!!!  Went there with a group of about 25.  Usually when that happens, service drops a little.  Not here...  Service was great!!! Pasta Carbonara - OMG!!!!!  U will have to do extra cardio but live a little and a must try!!! The chicken and waffles are the best I have ever tried!!!  I have been getting them at Yard Bird for some time and they are good, but the ones here are a 1000 times better... Enough with the review, just go there!!!!
Small place but hip. It's run by a group of friends who have a very cool revolving menu of what interests them to prepare, plus a few staples including their Chicken and Waffles. They start you out with a little Southwestern seasoned popcorn. Some plates are tapas-sized. Everything is designed for family-style sharing, so if you're a territorial eater, probably this is not your joint. The sweet corn was rockin' , really more of a savory. I'm wondering if I can take a tax deduction for the cauliflower with truffle oil as it was was a religious experience for taste but temp was a bit cold in spots. Carabonara likewise was tasty with homemade bacon but I'd like it a bit hotter temp wise. The Brussels sprouts were perfect! Steak was excellent but the sauce on the plate tasted like the bad smell in my grandma's house. Portion size varies widely so ask your server. If you're aiming for the big leagues kids, get Open Table and lose the Mr. Coffee (not kidding) in favor of a real coffee machine to accompany kickin desserts like the roasted peaches!
Short ribs are amazing!
I went to brunch on a Sunday and had to wait 60 minutes. I was very excited about going so I didn't mind the wait. What I did mind was that there were several empty tables that sat 4 people & since we were only 2, they wouldn't seat us. I finally had to tell the manager because after waiting 60 minutes, I didn't think that was fare. The Cap'n Crunch pancakes were delicious. The Calentado was delicious. Food was amazing. Pro: Food is delicious CON: It's always a ridiculous wait. I went back this weekend and it was "well, you need to wait an hour ...in case those reservations don't come. if they do- then you need to wait another hour & half, if they don't show, then you can be seated". WTF. Especially when there was an empty table and people were finishing their meals. They need to figure out a better system for taking walk ins.
Cute little tiny place with uniqueness to it.   3.5 stars to be exact. Food was good but some really on the salty side.   Pork Belly (5/5)  It was delicious and melted in my mouth.  Favorite dish of the night Poutine (2/5)  It was kind of bland and really really salty.. I had to go through 2 cups of water eating a 1/4 of it... Brussel Spouts (3/5) It was ok, but parts of it was burnt and salty Chicken & waffle (4/5) the chicken was really tender but the waffle was kind of dry..  But i did like the concept Dirt cup (5/5) comes in a flower pot and does look like dirt and it was refreshing and good Apple (3.5/5)  The apple was good but the way it was presented and put together did not make sense for my taste bud or my eyes.  You literally had to figure out how to eat it... OVerall 3.5 stars however i found the courses to be really salty...
You MUST order the following: Pork Belly (perfect fat/meat ratio and crispiness) Ox Tail (oh so tender) Chicken and Waffles (ladies love chicken and waffles) Bone Marrow (spread on bread like butter) Brussel Sprouts (don't forget to incorporate the egg) Tres Leches (deconstructed) For a detailed description of each dish, please visit their website.   It can get pricey if you order liquor.  I was here last night with my GF and another couple and our bill was $230 (bottle of prosecco, bottle of malbec, 2 glasses of malbec).  After tip ($50), you're looking at a very healthy dinner out for 4 ($70/per).  Obviously, this is not the norm, but it can get out of control if you don't keep yourself in check. The largest detraction is the lack of seating and a no reservation policy.  We waited 40 minutes for a table.  Thankfully it was worth the wait, otherwise this would be a rant instead of a rave.  Service is spot on and plates are served staggered.  Service is very laid back yet attentive, so don't expect to find uniforms. Music selection was top notch.  Any time you can incorporate Aaliyah and Gang Starr into the dinner rotation you're guaranteed at least one smiling face (mine!). Bring a lot of quarters...
We went late on a weeknight and it was minimal wait, lucky for us.   What the menu lacks in length makes up for in creativity.  I'd give this place a 5 for how interesting the menu is, so many things we want to try.  However, execution wise it's only a 3.5.  The chicken in the chicken waffle was not juicy and too dry,  probably because the pieces are so small; definitely tried others that are better.  The brussel sprout was way salty and trust me, I am never on low-sodium diet and I like to sprinkle salt on my fries.  Same for the oxtail, tender but way over-salted.  The oxtail comes with riceless rice, which is grated cauliflower.  It's delicious and I wish there were more of it to tone down the overall saltiness.  In fact, towards the end of the meal, I was no longer enjoying the food, my tongue hurt and I had guzzled like 3 glasses of water.  Base on that, I couldn't give this place more than a 3. It was really a shame, as I was so excited to try this place.  Maybe in the future I'll give it another try and hopefully it will improve.
HIGHLY recommended! Everything we had was fantastic. My absolute favorites are the fried cauliflower and carbonara eggs benedict with truffles. Also loved the short ribs w/ eggs and the general tao's sriracha chicken and waffles. Also recommend ordering the local burrata with grilled escarole.  Great brunch...can't wait to come back for dinner!
I came here and literally ordered almost everything. Their chicken and waffles (they use foie gras in their batter) is worth everything. Their shrimp ceviche in coconut  milk is deliciously perfect, as well as their short ribs cooked to tender perfection. The pasta carbonara is also very good with just the right amount of truffle oil. I'm counting down the days until I can come back here again!
After many times of being told you go to this place by a good friend, I finally made it out there. Let me tell you that I wish I would have gone sooner. Amazing food would have to say that's it's one of the best places I have eaten at, service was amazing and I can't wait to go back. Five star restaurant for what use to be a pop up bakery. Great place must try it!!!
Oh Eating House, you really are amazing. Can I just move in, please? Took my Cuban grandmother, foodie father, and his fiance to brunch today. The general consensus after the meal: Giorgio is a genius. He must put something in the food besides his talent and ingenuity to make it this damn good. For starters, the tang mimosas were great. We started off with the BK tator tots, which I found just as delicious as I did in my first review. My grandmother ordered the Calentado. Now let me say, my grandmother is one of the best cooks ever. With that being said, she literally stopped chewing and looked at me, swallowed and said "Wow". She was blown away. She finished all but a few grains of rice in that plate. My father ordered the Fried Chicken Thighs. If he were a gay man, he probably would have proposed marriage to the chef right then and there. He, too, finished the entire thing. His fiance had the Carbonara Eggs Benedict, and you guessed it....she too finished her entire plate. I had the KFC sandwich. Holy Crap Buckets....everywhere. Oh my god. Taste explosion in my mouth. This sandwich was life changing. The day got brighter, birds were fluttering everywhere. I was enlightened because of this sandwich. It's composed of chicken thighs, Korean BBQ sauce, pickled cucumbers, & hoison. It comes with fries that I'm going to assume were friend in some sort of heavenly oil, but if you asked the chef he might just say sesame seed oil. Who knows. They were amazing. We also shared the Cuban Bread Torrejas. That damn Guava/Iron Beer syrup. Can I buy that by the gallon? I want to pour that on pretty much everything. Steak...rice....salad, doesn't matter.
Interesting place. Fun food. Someone needs to seriously revamp their drinks. Poor local craft beer selection. The coffee they serve is made with a Mr. Coffee machine. I wanted to love the place. I just liked it instead.
Always great service when I come. Almost never a wait even for Sunday brunch. They do charge .75 for water but no biggie. Most meals are large enough to share or mix and match if you come with a group. I always recommend the chicken and waffles and the bk hashbrowns.
Interesting restaurant but not my taste at all.  The waitstaff is friendly.  The dining room is plain with bookcases as decorations. Cool lighting.  Walk-ins have at least an hour wait so know that this place is super popular.   The menu is hipster odd - burnt and raw cauliflower, ashes, etc.  come on!! Emperors New Clothes.  My scallops were delicious but the plate was decorated so that half was empty which was more pretentious than practical. Pork belly was another order and the food was presented so that the order was half an empty plate.  My companion said it was a pork rind. Im not a fan of a slow food restaurant that uses ingredients that are cheap and commercial - Fritos, kids cereals, mixed into basic ingredients. My companions said that pork and pork grease was used in all of our dishes. The Brussel sprouts were tasty but overly salted.  Tap water is seventy-five cents (but its unlimited refills!) While I didn't like the menu, others sure do - so this popup restaurant will continue doing quite well without my business. To make reservations you must email 48 hrs in advance.
The eating house serves mostly good dishes, albeit in A cramped place, to long lines for brunch, and mostly good service. The captain crunch pancakes i would not recommend. Very filling, not as flavorful as it looks, and over priced. The calentado was above average. Excellent flavors and almost same price as the pancakes. More value here. The corn was really good, with the sour cream sauce. The $5 tang mimosas, yes tang, i suppose its a coral gables chic way (8 street actually) of charging $5 for tang juice and sparkling wine (no champagne involved) So No real orange juice, no champagne, $5 for a 6oz cup.Definitely not a good value. Its Tang. The place has good dishes, prices are a tad high, its a 3.5 star experience for me. Check them out, I am not sure I will go back for Brunch, the wait can get ridiculous. I will try them for lunch or dinner.
Been there twice for brunch in the past few weeks.  Do not expect dishes that go well with diets of any kind. This is a casual, cool place and not a formal restaurant.  Eating house really describes it well. That out of the way, Chef Rapicavoli has put together a great place that went from pop-up to permanent.  You may remember him from his overwhelming victory on Chopped a few months ago.  Miami desperately needs more Chefs like him.  I think he's around 25 years old so many many great things to come from him for sure (will they happen in Miami or NYC?) Perennially packed, be prepared to wait for creative, hearty, locally sourced seasonal dishes. I enjoyed all of the dishes we sampled - there is some real creativity going on here along with great execution.   Some were Heirloom Tomato Salad with peanut sauce and nitro coconut milk; Captain Crunch Pancakes; Carbonara Eggs Benedict; House Cured and Smoked Bacon; Tater Tots; Fennel and Lemon Salad to cut the fat. Don't forget the Recalentado, although your arteries may not thank you. Will be back, many times. Will curse myself for it on the treadmill.
My wife and I ate here when it was a "pop up" restaurant (I hear that it has graduated to calling the space it was occupying its permanent home). The menu sounded quite precious and gimmicky when I first heard about it. However, it lived up to its reputation. The unusual combo of high-quality ingredients with more humble ingredients like Capt'n Crunch cereal, Eggo waffles and the like creates dishes that a far better than they have any right to be; plus, the result is not only very tasty but unique enough that there is nothing else to compare it to! We had the Carbonara -- it was great. The pork belly was awesome (although that's cheating a bit, as pork belly is decadent always). The marrow with kimchee was an example of great fusion. I'm not sure they regularly still carry this, but the dessert called "breakfast" was a revelation: a mason jar of milk pot de creme/panna cotta with bacon, cereal and coffee salt. It's been a while since we've eaten here (catching up on my reviews) and the fact alone that we can recall our meal says something. Eating House is one of a recent generation of restaurants that include Michael's Genuine and Whisk that I believe represents a real "upping the game" of Miami's dining scene. In a nutshell, innovative, artistic and delicious.
I came here for brunch and what a great a decision.  Thank god we made reservations because there was a line down the street. We were seated right away and the server was on point from the moment we sat down. They were accommodating with my little one and my god son and the food was truly amazing. The cuban bread with guava was so ridiculous I can't find enough words to describe the sweetness and yumminess. The captain crunch pancakes were amazing and my husband had nothing but outstanding things to say about the dish 'El calentado'. I wish I would have ordered his dish myself. The chicken and waffles also were on point. We definitely will be back for dinner and future brunches to come.
Sunday Brunch.  Long wait. Poor service before & throughout the meal.  Points for noticing dishes were dirty before we did and changing them.  Average food.  What's the hype?
All right, so I was waiting to review this place after I had both brunch and dinner there, and I must say, WOW. The food here is spectacular. Even the popcorn they give you before your meal is amazing (last night it was sprinkled with sazon completa, who would've thought?). I love that the menu is constantly changing, but there are a few staple dishes that are offered every day. The ambiance is great too - low key, casual, intimate, and the staff makes you feel right at home. My girlfriends and I decided it is officially our new spot and we'll be coming for dinner once a month. MUST HAVES: Captain Crunch Pancakes at Brunch: These are NOT your typical pancakes. They taste like corn, reminded me of a Columbia arepa (minus the cheese). And instead of syrup, they use condensed milk. WTFFFF. Pasta Carbonara for Dinner: This is straight up the best carbonara I've ever had. Like, better than the magical carbonara I had in Rome. I was a little skeptical because of the truffle, and sometimes I feel that restaurants overdo it and the taste is overpowering, but this was PERFECT. Pasta ecstasy in my mouth. Dirt Cup for Dessert: First, let's start with the presentation. The chef brought over a little flower pot with the dessert inside, garnished with flowers and leaves, so it actually looked like a plant with dirt and all. Then I took a bite...Jesus Christ. I am a huge fan of sweet and salty, so this was just perfection. Can't wait to come back :D
Tonight I did something I have never done in my history of culinary experiences. I made another reservation while dining at The Eating House. The few things I may add about this establishment which may have yet to be mentioned are: it's no longer a pop-up restaurant; and they are currently serving brunch every Sunday. The only other tidbit I may impart is that this place holds itself to other top notch establishments in the US. What I mean is, before one used to write that a restaurant was "good for South Florida" or "OK by Miami standards". This place is reminiscent of food-eries in other culinary hubs in the US, such as Manhattan, San Fran, and such. To be more specific we sampled the following tonight: Heirloom tomatoes with frozen coconut, lemongrass and basil-delicious and innovative. Ox Tail with cauliflower "fried rice"-amazing and scrumptious. Polenta "poutine"-The restaurants version which was far and away anything served in Quebec, made with short ribs-outstanding. Just order it. Carbonera-Fresh pasta served with mushrooms, pancetta, and cheese with an egg yolk-unbelieveable. See for yourself what the hype is all about. The wine list is respectable. The wine and beer selections seem to compliment what is being served for the night. If you are serious, and I mean really serious, about a great "eating" experience, do go to Eating House. Your stomach will thank you. Enjoy!
I've been a fan of Yelp for years and years, Yelp is my go to guide for my foodie self and let me just say Eating House has the honor to be my first review ever!! That should say a lot. Anyway, what isn't great about this place? Wait, not great but OUTSTANDING! The vibe and ambience in this place is warm and cozy with great music playing in the background. The service is impeccable. Joey is by far one of the best servers I've ever had anywhere and well, the food is just out of this world. Pasta Carbonara- amazingly delicious! Don't need details, just try it! Wine- The selection of wine and beer is great with any dish you have. Dirt Cup Dessert- One of the most creative looking and tasting desserts ever! Point is, you don't even have to read this. Go to Eating House now! I cannot wait till I go back and try the rest of their dishes as well as their brunch on Sundays. I have officially found my new favorite spot :)
By far, one of the most unique restaurants I have been to in a while.  we went in a big group on a Friday night, and it was packed, even late at night.  We tried a wide selection of their dishes, from the ox tail to the carbonara.  Probably the only place I ever had italian and chinese in the same siting.  The ox tail was amazing, and I am not a big fan of ox tail. The best was the plant pot dessert, which by far was one of the best desserts I have had in a while.  They also have a great selection of beers and wine as well. What was really cool was the 80s Freestyle playing on the speakers.
Stop what you're doing. Stop. Right now. Get up without even reading further and go eat here. Every second you spend reading this, is a second that you're not enjoying this amazing, scrumptious meal. Take my word for it. Go! So.. let me start off by saying that my impression of the surroundings kinda put me off. It's on the edge of the Gables right by 8th street. Not easy to spot, no parking garage. (Get with the times, Coral Gables. I don't freakin' have rolls of spare change) The good news is if you go around the block, you can find unmetered street parking. When we finally got in, it was still relatively empty for dinner. We were quickly seated and presented with the menu, which looks like most restaurants' specials menu, it's that small. But you know what, better to have 5 amazing things on your menu than 500 mediocre ones. We went with the chicken and waffles and the pasta carbonara. The chicken and waffles was amazing. It's portioned really well where you don't feel like you do after a heavy brunch. The chicken is super crispy and well seasoned. It sits on a bed of maple syrup and hot sauce and combined with a little piece of candied bacon, it's like heaven in your mouth. Trust. The pasta was equally delicious. It comes with more of that delicious bacon and crunchy bread crumbs. There's also an egg yolk sitting atop it, but if that's not your thing, we scooped it right out and you can do the same. The pasta was definitely also a hit. For dessert, we had the dirt cup, which looks exactly like it sounds, like a potted plant without the plant. Ice cream with tons of cookie crumbs, nutella, caramel, the works. A delicious and adorable treat. Leave room for it. Aside from that, the atmosphere was really laid back. The service was good; not great. I felt like it got a little slower and less attentive as the night went on, which I suppose had a lot to do with how packed it was starting to get. To their credit, they were very mindful of refilling our water. And frankly, with food that good, the server could have slapped me and I would still give this place 5 stars.
I got 3 words for you: Cap'n Crunch Pancakes. The crunch is baked or something with condensed milk and is sort of like crack. Just makes these mortal pancakes extraordinary. Chef Goorgio is so nice and cool and has created a sick spot. The pasta carbonara is fabled and will definitely be back soon to sample it.
Braised short ribs with a breaded bone marrow nugget on the side you just pop in your mouth and let the blob of delicious fat girl heaven burst in your mouth.  The sweetbreads were nicely  crisp..not chewy, bulgogi chicharrones were nice and limey and the steak tartare was sweet and lovely.  Good job, me gusta.
very creative plates with a laid back vibe Brussels sprouts and waffles with chicken are a must Stay tuned for next update, I hear brunch is top notch
Had no wait, or reservation on a Friday at 6:45pm! Everything about this little gem was fantastic. We were a party of 4 and ordered sweet corn,2 raw cabbage,beef tartare,pasta carbonara,pork belly, and chicken and waffles. My favorite was the chicken and waffles. You can compare this place to micheals genuine food, but this place is better and cheaper! I believe our server was Joseph and he was very nice. We constantly had water available. Oh and how could I forget the dirt cup!  Amazing!!!! Will be back soon :-)
Went there with a friend this Sunday in search for a brunch that would blow our minds, and this it did perfectly. The place literally looks like a small house turned into a restaurant. I dug that quite a lot. I have to be honest that I'm not much into Coral Gables because of its uppity reputation. With that said, this place is like a cave (with scrumptious food) that's been dropped in the middle of the Gables but the high and mighty attitude is left at the door. Everyone who worked there was a sweetheart, especially our waiter Joseph. We tried the candied bacon (think that's what it was called), eggs benedict, pan con lechon, and dirt cup. It all tasted blissful and Lord knows I'm an eggs benedict snob, which possibly means I belong in the Gables after all. They do not substitute anything on the menu and I respect that. They don't need to, it's perfect just the way it is. Will definitely go back and try those amazing looking "Captain Crunch pancakes." Que rico!
We were here on vacation and decided to look-up several places to try. Eating House made the cut and we really enjoyed our visit. For starters, EH doesn't have a valet service out front. I consider this to be a very good thing. There is nothing more insulting than to have some punk take the keys to your car and drive it 30 feet away and then charge you $20 for the "courtesy" of being pretentious. Not here. They are above that. And I hope they keep it that way. When we arrived, we really liked the quaintness of the place. It was small, a little dark and had a good vibe. Several people were waiting for a table, but not in an obnoxious way (see Prime One Twelve for an example of obnoxious overcrowding). Everybody seemed very excited to try the restaurant, peeking at dishes as the servers brought them out to tables. The music was really nice for a dinner location. Once we were seated, we looked at the wine list. For what it lacked in depth, it more than made-up for in quality. We ordered the Vilosell from Spain and were blown away at how tasty it was. The label was really beautiful as well. Our server could not have been more attentive and friendly, giving us the full rundown of the restaurant's history, the Chef's background and each dish on the menu. We decided to order a couple of the standby favorites that we had heard so many people rave about on Yelp. My wife ordered the carbonara and I had the chicken and waffles. Both were absolutely superb. If we lived here, we'd be coming back to try other items on the menu.
Amazing dinner. We ate here as a group of four. We had a 9 PM reservation (make reservations far in advance - the restaurant is small), but could not be seated until 9:15 PM. We brought our own bottle of wine, and the corkage fee was quite reasonable. We ordered: queso frito, pork cheek, brussels sproouts, cauliflower, chicken and waffles, pasta carbonara, and a dirt cup for dessert. All dishes were excellent. The queso frito was transcendent. Really. The cheese was served with garlic buttered bread and a guava jelly. It was so good, that when I put the first bite in my mouth, I started laughing (again - not kidding -- weird as it is, that's something I do when I eat truly fantastic food). I wasn't alone in thinking it was amazing -- after entrees were cleared, we asked for another order. The cauliflower was prepared with cotija cheese, lime crema, and fritos. It was a delight, and easily the second best thing we ate. It was reasonably priced for a group. Food came out quickly. Note -- we've eaten here previously for both dinner and brunch. We've had fantastic dinner experiences here in the past (though none quite this good). However, our previous brunch was not special -- you'd be better off for brunch elsewhere (Sugarcane comes to mind). This rating is based solely on our most recent dining experience described above.
My wife and I just had a fantastic meal tonight at this restaurant. The brussels sprouts were to die for and so is everything else. Also had some Sierra Nevada beer and that was great too. I'm already  developing a list of my friends to take here.
It seems that one has to be of a certain breed of eater to "get" pop-ups. Any expectation of a "fine dining experience" should be thrown out the window; please don't expect tablecloth service or uniformly-dressed black-clad professional wait staff. When the chef comes out to your table to explain his creations, he might look like a dude you were talking music with at the Pains of Being Pure at Heart concert. Your dinner accompaniment may not be the swelling strings of Mozart, or even relaxing, jazzy dad-house, but rather indie tunes and/or old school hip-hop. I will say, however, that located in Cafe Ponce, this pop-up has more of a feeling of "permanence" than Miami's last hot pop-up resto, Phuc Yea, did. I'm not saying it IS permanent, because it certainly is not - just that it kinda feels like it is. That said, I have to begin with the service, because it was stellar. From the wait staff to the aforementioned chef who came out and talked about his plates, it was clear to me that they cared about our dining experience. I'll run down my experience, but be warned, whatever I tell you here is already way obsolete - when you go, the menu will have long changed. You might be able to get some of these menu items, but I seriously doubt you'll see all of them. Homestead Tomatoes - this is a must-have. It's a colorful, vaguely Vietnamese-influenced dish, exquisitely plated, of local tomatoes with peanuts, herbs, ginger and frozen coconut milk. Riot of color, and a riot of flavor. I could just eat the frozen coconut milk by itself, but you had sweet, salty, spicy, nutty and tart all going on at the same time - it would have been a bit of a waste if I'd done so. Bulgogi Chicken Hearts - don't be afraid of chicken hearts. They have a pleasing chewy/meaty consistency. Matched up with brussels sprouts and Korean BBQ sauce, as in this dish, they are delightful. Niman Ranch Pork Belly - I really should have speculated on pork belly futures a few years ago, because bellies are everywhere these days. I like them when they aren't too fatty. Yeah, I know this is part of the point and flavor of pork bellies, but whatever, this is my review! So, predictably, I liked the part that was savory and meaty, and disliked the part that was squishy and fatty. The plantain puree it came with was excellent, but I could have used more of it. Sockeye Salmon - Self-explanatory. Sockeye blows lame farm-raised salmon out of the water, with its deep orange-red flesh and gamey flavor. This sockeye came with roasted calabaza and French toast crumbles, in a bit of an Iron Beer reduction. Iron Beer.....good god, used to buy that off the neighborhood ice cream truck back in 1984. I didn't know that stuff was still around. Anyway, this salmon dish was breakfast-y, if that makes any sense. The taste was as if I was having salmon, French toast, and maple syrup for breakfast. Oddly enough, it worked very well. Strawberry Shortcake - the dessert that caught my eye. Very much unlike any strawberry shortcake you've ever seen, this one comes with lemon ice cream, raw local strawberries on top, stewed local strawberries on the bottom, and crunchy meringue bits. It had some of the taste elements of a lemon meringue pie, mashed up with a kind of strawberry tart. This is probably not something I could have ever thought up, but yet again, this was pulled off and then some - a sweet/tart dessert rather than a flavor-fatiguing sugar bomb. Go once, and you'll want to come back to see what else Eating House comes up with.
Maybe by the time you read this review Eating House is gone. Maybe it will still  be there. I am hoping Eating House will still be alive, at a new location. Whichever the case may be, make sure you look them up and pay them a visit. Eating House is the type of restaurant that is more an experience than just a meal. My trip to Eating House gave me a new perspective on cooking and using ingredients "wisely" from the eyes of a foodie. Dinning at Eating House is like being in a TV show where the chefs are invited to a home and challenged to cook with ingredients available in the fridge and the pantry. Can they deliver a superb dish that will knock your socks off? Well, yes they can. Eating House is exactly what it claims to be: a restaurant that cooks home food with a technical advantage, creating dishes that may be called gourmet when in reality they are common ingredients paired with gourmet ones. Simply stated, they will deceive you into believing that you are enjoying a gourmet experience. For example, let's take one of the more popular dishes, the chicken and waffles. At the bottom of the plate, maple syrup and ranch sauce. On top, fried chicken cooked to perfection (crunchy and moist), and then Eggo waffles and candied bacon. Wait, did you say Eggo waffles? Ranch sauce? Oh! No! Seems like a disappointment!  But wait, no, I don't think so. The candied bacon alone makes you forget that you are eating Eggo waffles at a restaurant, puzzles you and makes you think "what the hell is this candied bacon doing on my plate?". To summarize the Eating House experience is to compare it to plucking a beautiful melody out of a beat up guitar. It is almost a contradiction, a moment to reflect, and a reason to smile. Perhaps the most important thing that you take with you is not the fact that you had a great dinning experience, but the fact that you could turn anything into a great dish by mixing simple ingredients with your passion for dinning. As the mantra of a famous movie goes, "anyone can cook". Enjoy.
Eating House, it seems we have come full circle. It's been 4 and half blissful months. Yea, we hit that 3 month slump, where I thought if I ever ingested truffle oil or pulverized cereal again, I would puke, but we got past it. (thank God). A few days before EH graduates from its prelim pop-up run, let's do this high school yearbook style and reminisce: You met my family this weekend - the same once-skeptical group of well-heeled Venezuelans who were dismayed by string lights and the 8th street location many (five) moons ago. It's about time, wouldn't you say? I can't say it was easy; I kept you from them for a long time - I didn't think they would get past your graffiti-with-food-ethos. (Or, in the spirit of honesty, they're semi-pescatarian, and GRavioli's aversion to fish keeps the base of their food pyramid off of the menu), but it only took one meal to turn my not-so-baby cousin into a fan. So much so, that he brought his parents here, without me, four days before our month-long-planned family dinner. Jerk. But the food is just that good. It's crazy-inventive enough to impress the most jaded eater I know, yet still approachable enough to make a fan of the pickiest (homegirl doesn't even like tomatoes). In this final stretch, I'll submit my draft picks for the Eating House fantasy all-star menu: Florida Tomatoes (obvious choice, the LeBron James of this menu, if you will) Sea Scallops (specifically the iteration featuring charred sweet potato and cornbread puree, please) Cap'n Crunch Pancakes (I'm subbing the pancakes for Breakfast as dessert, because I made up the rules for this Fantasy Food League, and I do what I want). There have been many many other phenomenal dishes; maiz asado, 24-hour short ribs, pork belly buns, bone marrow,  pavlova, strawberries stewed in port, fried birthday oreos, the no-cheese mac n' cheese, etc - and even more I never got to try - but I'm not worried, I have a feeling you'll be back. Soon. There were definitely rocky moments at first--We'll never speak of the unfortunate dry duck incident of 2012, the great 9th of March famine, the burnt espresso misfortune or the uncured panna cotta debacle again--but they have all been more than made up for. Ten-fold, at least. (Where I suspect any other pop-up would chalk up these sorts of things to growing pains, EH went out of their way to rectify every less than stellar experience every time). But. let's be real, the whole purpose of updating this review is to give Eating House a star rating that more closely aligns with my credit card statements. More than the food, it's the 17-star service that keeps me coming back. Objectively, EH staffs the nicest people in Miami. Hands down. Alex, Julia, Chris, Joe, Peter, Mahitha and the rest of the staff are all phenomenal, absolute stars, simply the best (et cetera, ad nauseum) and the warmest of welcomers. Love love love them. (Papo's whatever) With only 8 days left, carpe acetaria (translate.google.com/#en|la|salad%0A%0A). I'll be the girl in the corner, crying into her scallops. Keep in touch, never change, xoxo, Caro
There is a wait so expect it,  but the staff is great. The food is amazing and we definitely needed a restaurant experience like this in the area. I've had dinner and brunch,  now I hear they serve lunch/take out. I can't wait to try it!
My friends and I went to the "Eating House" for dinner on Wednesday July 25, 2014 based on recommendations from other friends who have been here on many occasions for brunch and dinner.  All of my friends have raved about this restaurant and they have every reason to do so.  This place is FANTASTIC.  There are not enough adjectives for me to describe how wonderful the food and service is. As per the recommendations of my friends, we did make reservations because like other reviewers mentioned, it is very small.   Our reservations were for 8pm and we arrived promptly at our time.  The restaurant was full except for the bar area.  Our table was ready once we arrived.  On their website, under reservations, it is mentions that due to the size of the restaurant, they will only hold your reservations for fifteen minutes, after that, your table will be given away. Our server was Natasha and she was AWESOME.  She was animated, friendly, and very thorough in explaining how the menu works.  Her customer skills are up to par.  When I visit this restaurant again (which will be very soon), I definitely would ask for Natasha. The menu is small.  They have 4 entrees that are permanent on the menu but the rest get changed within a few weeks.  The 4 permanent entrees are heirloom tomatoes, brussel sprouts, pasta carbonara and chicken foie-ffles.   Natasha recommended a few dishes that were new on the menu.  As an appetizer we ordered broccolini that comes with a sauce (I forgot the ingredients) which was very good.  We all tried each other's entrees.  Two of us went traditional and ordered their chicken foie-ffles.  This dish was wonderful.  It comes with candied bacon which was fantastic.  Under the chicken & waffles, there is a ranch like sauce with syrup under it.  The combination might sound strange but when you taste it together, it is just amazing.  One of my friends ordered the pasta carbonara and this must be the best I have ever had in my lifetime.  My other friend ordered shrimp with grits.  The grits is a sweet potato polenta.  When you look at the actual presentation, the first thing you see is strips of fried sweet potato, under it bigger chunks of the actual potato & the bottom layer is the shrimp with grits in an onion sauce.  Again, another wonderful entrée. Now for dessert.  All I can say is WOW!!!  We ordered the famous "Dirt Cup" that other reviewers rave about and it is just to die for.  The presentation is cute.  It comes in a flower pot and the top layer is chocolate cookie crumbles with a tiny leaf sticking out.  Under this is whipped nutella and the last layer is ice cream with small pieces of pretzels.  We shared this between the four of us.  We also ordered the butterscotch bread pudding and this was also very good. Natasha always made sure that our water was refilled and was constantly checking up on us.  The other staff was also very attentive.   Eating House is owned by the young chef Giorgio Rapicavoli and his business partner/friend Alex Cassanova.  In 2013, Mr. Rapicavoli was a James Beard Rising Star semifinalist and in 2012 he became the first Miami chef to win Food Network's Chopped competition.   For being such a young chef, Mr. Rapicavoli is definitely doing something right.  I commend his restaurant for the exceptional food and service.  I can't wait to come back.
Was worth the wait, food and service was excellent. The cabbage appetizer was the best.
I came here after hearing they had chicken & waffles... ordered said chicken and waffles... the chicken was good, but the waffle was an eggo (yes, an eggo) cut into 4 pieces... wtf? 1 star for serving me a $15 eggo waffle
Wow! SO glad to find out that Eating House will now be a permanent restaurant! I finally made it over there last night and was really impressed by the service and oh my gawd! the food!! We had the brussel sprouts with a cracked egg on top to start - well I wanted to chow down the entire bowl, but no, no - more food to come. Some mild restraint here. The charred corn was next on the table. It  may actually be the best corn dish that I have ever had in my life. And I am a lover of all things corn. I almost did even not want the other dishes to come out. I could have just sat there and slowly savored this dish and walked out a happy girl. All restraint goes out the window. The other dishes did arrive and I was equally impressed with both of them. Chicken thighs, bacon, waffles - with ranch and maple syrup? Sounds crazy I know, but it works in a magical balance of sounds-wrong-but-it's-oh-so-right-ness. The pasta carbonara up next and was the best combination of richness, without going over the top. My only complaint was with myself:  I ate too much of the aforementioned brussel sprouts and my new part-time lover, the charred corn. Ohhh...  was that me that ate a piece of  fried chicken and waffles, um yeah. I was able to get a few bites in of this perfectly savory past with all the egg-goodness all over it. But like I said, it was totally my own fault for filling up. Luckily for me the pasta was saved for leftovers (It as actually pretty darn good as leftovers!). The service was also outstanding. I really enjoyed getting the back story of the Chef & the guys who made a special place like Eating House happen. The beer selection greatly appreciated. Though I was told the plates were appetizer sized, you'll be happy to hear that they are actually generously portioned. This is good news, because everyone will want to gobble everything up that comes to the table. It was a lil' bit crazy for two peeps, but so worth every dime.   I cannot wait to go back for brunch, which may happen as soon as this weekend.
When going to places whose menus frequently change, I love dining in a larger group so I can taste just about everything on the menu.  My recent dinner at Eating House was just that - and it was amazing!  If you haven't been here yet, you still have about 15 days, so make it happen! First off, the place gets absolutely packed, so if you want to minimize your wait time, show up early (shortly before service starts), or at the end of the shift.  We got lucky - the indoor seating had just filled up, but they were able to put together a table outside for us right away. I think there were only about 4 things on the menu we didn't order!  Favorites on mine included the Florida tomatoes with the coconut foam, the pasta carbonara with black truffles, the chicken and waffles with that maple bacon, the duck breast with the burnt pineapple puree, and the short ribs two-ways - braised and tartare.  The brussels sprouts and the pork belly were both very good, but not my favorites. For dessert, we were quite gluttonous and shared all three featured - the "breakfast" with cap'n crunch, the pavlova with lychees, and the bananas foster pudding.  All three were great, but my favorites were the "breakfast" and the bananas foster. With wine and beer all around - we were all quite full at meal's end.  Including tax and tip, we were out about $50 per person - not too shabby for a meal this great. I hope Eating House finds a permanent location in town after their run is over at Cafe Ponce.  But I'm definitely going to try to make it back before they close up shop!
Could there ever have been a cooler concept than this? "If cooking is an art, then we are making graffiti." I think not. When I heard that was Eating House's motto, I knew I had to give this pop-up a try. It just says "we're bad asses." And bad asses, they are. Friendly, warm, knowledgeable bad asses whose passion for what they do is evident in every bite. The menu "changes every day..." but I had almost an identical menu to what my friend had a month prior. None the less, the majority of what we ate was pretty swoon worthy. Exhibit A: Brussel Sprouts. Yeah, Brussel Sprouts. But I tell you what, this was my favorite dang dish of the night. So there. Exhibit B: Maiz Asado. So fun and delicious! Corn on the cob pieces, doused in a savory sauce, and topped with crumbled fritoes. Cilantro on the top and my heart is yours. Exhibit C: Pasta Carbonara. As a mostly vegetarian, Eating House quickly turned into oh-my-god-you-are-going-to-be-Cheating-House. I picked around the bacon pieces, which wasn't too difficult, and was well worth it. Exhibit D: Fried Chicken Thighs. Yet another take on chicken and waffles, beautifully presented Exhibit D: Risotto. Sadly, this one missed the mark for me. Scallops seemed like they could have been frozen and the dish was overall just too sweet for my taste. Chef Giorgio Rapicavoli is definitely and up and coming talent to watch. Bottom Line: Creative, interesting food beautifully presented. Don't let this solid choice pass you by if you are a diner looking for something different. But leave your vegetarian friends at home.
I showed up too early, ate too fast and left resolving with my date to take 2013 in moderation from then on. Thankfully, this meal was before that resolution and I enjoyed every moment of sweet food coma pain post-dinner. I was more than anxious to come here so showed up before they opened, but thankfully that ensured us a table in their first seating. As everyone else says, the staff is the friendliest around and really makes you feel welcome and wanting to come back again. Everything sounded amazing but we ordered the brussel sprouts, chicken with foie-ffles and pasta carbonara. I can't tell you what was my favorite but I can say that pasta was some of the best I have ever had. My only gripe is that it all came out super quickly which led us to feeling full FAST. I guess next time I will order courses in waves. I can eat a lot but this meal forced me to do two things I never do: leave half of a tasty craft beer on the table and not order dessert. That Dirt Cup I had been dreaming about will have to wait... Guess I'll just have to go back soon.
You know that iconic scene in Platoon, with the hands crying up for mercy? Yeah, that was me...after my first trip here. OHH Eating House...I really really wanted to like you. I heard wonderful things! I don't know if I caught them on an off-night, or my expectations were too high but the impossible happened--I WAS BORED BY FOOD. See the problem?! And this place is supposed to be cutting edge and creative? I paid...$11 for mac-n-cheese that was a second rate version of KRAFT. And my friends? Couldn't hide their disappointment when their 3 (yes, you read right..only 3) measly scallops rolled around--for $25, I might add! Redemption time: chicken and waffles...and desserts. Here was an echo of the "awesomeness" that supposedly awaited...Sad to say though, I was depressingly underwhelmed with everything else :( Maybe I'll try again, or maybe that Kraft box waiting in my pantry seems like a better option.
Frank E. already said it. If I had the time and money, I'd start a pop up with T.W. and blow everyone else out of the water. There, I said it.
I will definitely write a more detailed review of the food we experienced later--but for now, let's just say this: You need to try Eating House. The experience is unlike any I've had before, and I enjoyed every second of it. The food was imaginative, delicious, and relatively inexpensive. Everything was served with a flair...not to mention you get the feeling that everything is really prepared with passion. The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired, but the attitude of the food and staff more than makes up for it. Pop-ups have an inherent disadvantage when compared with their more customary established rivals---they are often at the mercy of their own narrative. Being fresh, hip, and movable also means that they often cannot be masters of their domain...and trust me, this food deserves its own domain. Tip: Try the bone marrow & fried chicken + waffles. You won't be disappointed.
This is not my first time eating at the Eating House but my experiences varied so much that I held off on writing my review. First time I visited they had a special menu called the End of the World Dinner on 12-12-12 inspired by the Mayan calender myth. My first experience was very good however I had heard so much of their brunch that I decided to go. The whole experience was crazy. There was a line 15 minutes before they opened and it was a very cold morning. So by the time we went in I was freezing. When we sat down there was a baby shower going on. It was so loud. I didn't care for their egg dish they had overpowered the dish with truffle oil. Then I ordered the captain crunch pancakes. I love sweets but this was diabetic coma inducing. Condensed milk on top of a stack of pancakes. So the dishes on top of the experience left me wondering if it's popularity was overrated. Well I finally came to my conclusion on my last visit the accolades are well deserved. I had the Lobster Bolognese which was more like Lobster hash. It was an unusual way of serving a lobster dish but was full of flavor. We also ordered the chicken and waffles and it was unbeleivable. Nice tender chicken with the perfect amount of sweet and savory sauce on the waffles. What a great dish. Hands down beats Sugarcanes and Swine Southern Table.  But my favorite I must have on every future visit is the dessert. It's called dirt cup and it comes in a flower pot covered crushed Oreo cookies to resemble dirt. Omg. It has so many layers of goodness. Chocolate mousse, vanilla ice cream, pretzals and I'm sure I'm forgetting some other delicious toppings. I have joined all of the other fans that rave it's greatness.
So, yesterday the hubby and I hit up Eating House, it's a Pop Up that's been generating some hype for quite a while. We didn't make it to their first cycle but happened to stop by for Breakfast during Phase II of the restaurants life. The menu was inventive, if you're familiar with their M.O. basically the Menu changes every day and is limited to 12 items, you can see what's cooking through their daily Facebook posts or by visiting their website. (eatinghousemiami.com) On Sunday's they host a Brunch, which we were pretty excited about as they had "Candied Bacon" Captain Crunch Pancakes" and "Tang Mimosas." Yes that's Tang as in rival to KoolAid. Well, we got there around 1 and were instantly seated, but the restaurant was packed. Mostly yuppie types and over dressed socialite wannabe girls with their Gucci hand bags and loads of accessories, this instantly was a turn off for me, NOT MY CROWD. Brian ordered the Tang Mimosa and liked it enough to order a second. I had coffee, which took 2,000 years to brew and arrive. It also wasn't very good. As a starter we ordered the Candied Bacon and were terribly disappointed, it was soggy and while sweet I prefer my Candied Bacon crispy. Moving on, I ordered the Chilaquiles: it was described as "Corn Tortillas, salsa verde, queso blanco cilantro, frito crumbles and huevos fritos" I asked the server about "Frito crumbles" in my mind I imagined that frito crumbles were left over bacon crunchies from the pan! He then informed me that they were indeed "Frito Crumbles" as in Frito Lay chip, Fritos. Oh, okay... well I figured I'd give it a try anyway, sounded interesting. When the dish arrived it looked incredibly promising, I was excited! Then I realized that the Corn Tortillas in my dish were not warm, moist corn tortillas as one would expect in a traditional Mexican taco or enchilada but Doritos Cool Ranch Chips covered in Salsa Verde, Queso Blanco a Cilantro Cream and an egg with Frito crumbles on top. I had approx 4 bites and I was done. Not a happy camper at all! Brian's main dish now arrives, he chose the Carbonara Eggs Benedict and it was so doused in a truffle sauce that wreaked of high hell! I smelled it from across the table and immediately felt a sudden urge to run out the restaurant. Finally the Captain Crunch Pancakes arrived, these were the décor of choice at everyone's table so I figured these have to be good, everyone is ordering them! Well they looked a lot prettier than they tasted. All in all everything we ate could have been whipped up at our own humble kitchen no executive chef needed, furthermore it seems like all they serve is what can only be described as "Stoner Food." When the bill came in at $69.00 with Tip included, I was pretty livid. Eating House you're the redheaded stepchild no one wanted... what a disappointment :/
A nice small cozy place to eat. Food exceeded my expectations. Very good food. The chicken waffles are a must. Be sure to make reservations.
The eating house has become one of my favorite places to visit. From their fabulous decor to their amazing ambiance and the food that is to die for. I love coming here because of all those things and also because of the great service and I think it's particularly great to see the chef always over seen in the kitchen and making sure each plate comes out looking great if you like trying different things this is the place for you.
Really great place! Took forever to have brunch here but it was worth the wait. The chicken and waffles are as great as everyone says. The Samoa waffle is awesome too and whatever you do make sure you get bacon because it is amazing.
Made reservations for brunch and glad I did because the restaurant was packed, maybe because of Easter Sunday but I've read other reviewers mention reservations are a good idea regardless. On to the food. We were a party of 4 and we wanted to try almost everything on the menu so we ordered almost all of it and shared it. For starters we chose the bk hashbrowns and the candied bacon. Candied bacon was amazing as expected, the bk hashbrowns were nothing special, they tasted like their name. Then we chose the chicken and waffles, calentado, carbonara eggs benedict, pork belly and eggs, cap n crunch pancakes and the Cuban bread torrejas. Winners: carbonara eggs Benedict and the cap n crunch pancakes. The benedict plate brings three Texas toasts with bacon, egg, and an amazing cheese sauce on top. The pancakes come as a stack of four that are thin, moist, and covered by condensed milk. The batter of the pancakes had actual ground up cap'n crunch which explains why they are so moist! The calentado for me and chicken and waffles come in as a close second. The calentado is moros, platanitos, lechon, fried eggs and chimichurri on top (you'd think the chef is Cuban but we asked and he's argentinean raised in Miami) it was really good and full of flavor. The chicken and waffles come with a maple sauce on the bottom (I kind of wish the maple sauce would also come in a little thing on the side to pour over the waffles) and bacon on top. The pork belly and eggs were also good but not OMG amazing. I think we were too full when the torrejas came out so I won't give an opinion on them. Only thing I would say is that I felt the plates were brought out really fast, like really really fast, we weren't done with one and two were already coming, it felt a little rushed but overall really delicious food at pretty reasonable prices. Definitely make that reservation and try this place out.
Eating House perfectly lives up to its name. Walking in, you really do feel right at home. That is, if your home had a personal chef and curated wine list conveniently at your disposal. As you might hope, the food was a creative combination of unexpected flavors designed to inspire your inner foodie in a fun and refreshingly unpretentious way. Whether you're more comfortable dressing up for Friday date night or want to grab a quick midweek dinner in your jeans, the funky, casual atmosphere and friendly service accommodates every mood. Each dish is artistically prepared and interprets ingredients in such a unique way that you might be tempted to try everything on the menu.  My only real complaint is that the food came out very quickly, so each time I began indulging in a dish, my attention was torn between the current plate and the new item in front of me. With food this good, I would have been much happier to really enjoy each plate without worrying that the other items were getting cold or not getting proper attention.
So this place is basically fat kid heaven for brunch. Tang Mimosas were an excellent way to start off a booze brunch. The Captain Crunch pancakes are what brought me here, and are a must have. Sweet, crunchy and fluffy in one bite. Chicken and waffles was great, chicken was perfectly breaded and fried. Its served with some maple syrup-hot sauce concoction that has me drooling as I type this. And they throw in a few pieces of bacon for whatever reason. BK Hash Browns had distinct seasoning and flavor, definitely worth snacking on while you wait for your dishes to come out. The staff was attentive and made sure we were well taken care of. One of my best food experiences in a long time, and I shall return.
I might cry when this pop-up restaurant ceases to exist :'( Chef Giorgio comes up with the most random, creative, sometimes kid-like creations that leave you asking "WTF?!" with a huge smile on your face :D My favorite dinner entree is the pasta carbonara! I seriously think it's made with crack - I'm addicted. The Homestead Tomatoes in the frozen coconut milk is so simple and delicious too. And my favorite dessert is Breakfast! Brunch at Eating House is one of the best! Tator tots with coke ketchup?! Yeah. Captain Crunch pancakes - seriously. This place will close soon so go get your fix!
Wow! How disappointed I am! After hearing so many good reviews, my expectations were through the roof. To begin with, the service could of been a whole lot better (it looks like they were understaff for the amount of volume that they had. The popcorn they presented us was cold and flavorless. No complains about the queso fresco and the lamb (they were actually really good) but the pork was under-seasoned. I guess my biggest disappointment was the nobody explain or presented the plates when they were brought up the table and that nobody asked us if everything was ok.
WOW! I have found the ultimate brunch haven. Eating House Miami is a pop restaurant serving dinner and brunch only on Sundays. I came here for a girlfriends birthday brunch and could not believe how packed it was. After hearing such great things about brunch I knew I had to come and wait it out. After being seated in the cramped space I ordered the tang mimosas. Are you kidding me? Tang and champagne what more could I ask for? This was an amazing treat especially since Tang used to be my favorite drink as a child. After letting my taste buds settle from the bubbly I ordered the patatas al caballo. Holy smokes was this delicious. The dish is pretty simple comprised of sunny side up eggs on top of a bed of crispy french fries. Damn, was this awesome! I also had some of the Captain Crunch pancakes. This was the icing on the cake for sure. Basically, the dish is Captain Crunch cereal crumbled up into pancake mix and condensed milk as the syrup. Fatty overload? I think not. The pancakes are huge so sharing is a plus. The servers are always on point and try to get the food out as fast as possible. If you want some extra yum in your belly I recommend getting a cafecito to finish the meal. They have an espresso machine that makes awesome coladas.
Maybe I went to a different restaurant but i could not disagree more  with the rest of the reviews. In all honesty,I was completely dissapointed with my experience here. I've read & heard plenty of positive reviews raving about this place. Of course, I went with nothing but high hopes & a belly ready for gourmet-orgasm. Unfortunately this place was far, FAR from anything I had heard. I asked th server what their most popular dishes were & made sure to order fan favorites. I ordered the Brussel sprouts and my friends ordered several other items on the menu. The food was awful! Crispy Brussel sprouts =burnt Brussel sprouts. I've had better Brussel Sprouts from Publix's frozen food aisle. The rest of the food was not any better as it lacked flavor and fell flat. The food was awful & TOTALLY over priced!! I love food & trying new things but place just didn't cut it.
I want to admit that I when I arrived to Eating House the first time, I was skeptical of the setting and the menu. But OMG when all that food came out, it was heaven in my mouth. - Salmon with the sweet potato puree. Cooked perfectly, amazing mix if you're trying to stay on the healthier side. - Short ribs were succulent. - Fried Chicken Thighs is the best. Never in my life did I ever picture myself eating chicken and waffles together. But holy shiz, does Giorgio Rapicavoli make this work. All I can say is be a believer! and try it. I promise you, you will love it. We ordered two, they were soooooo good. Plus, I find myself craving it ALL the time. Plus the atmosphere is cool. We ordered a bottle of wine and found ourselves jamming to the hip hop that was playing in between our dishes. YUM!
This place is awesome.  Like the other reviews mentioned, Eating House has creative/imaginative food, cool/laidback atmosphere and the guys who run it are the same way.   The menu changes daily (whether it's new items or variations on existing items).  We decided to split dishes so we could try more things. Ordered: Japanese eggplant w/ banana miso- first of all - wow is all I can say! Dude....you would not think hm...eggplant and banana...but it was a complex flavor of savory and sweet and the slight grillness of the eggplant had a nice caramel flavor. Super duper good. Grilled sweetbreads - I've had the chance to try sweetbreads elsewhere and declined (b/c I know what sweetbreads really are!) but I figured I had to try it here.  When served, it looks like grilled sausages. The char on the sweetbread was just right and the chimchurri and onion puree complimented the flavor well.   Bone Marrow - I couldnt dig out all the bone marrow goodness, but the short rib ropa vieja on top was delicious and the tostada cuban was perfectly buttered and toasted. Fried Chicken Thights - to die for chicken and waffles!!!!  Hints of maple in the chicken itself and the bacon.   Strawberry Shortcake - homemade basil icecream on top of fresh and stewed strawberries and angel good cake.  The cake was really moist and soaked in all of the strawberry flavor. This dessert was really light and the basil icecream was very clean and refreshing. Frozen Lychees - skeptical about the lychee and avocado, but this pairs really, really well together! The avocado adds a fun color and all the ingredients blend really well with each other.  Totally ate this in 2 seconds (hence ordering the strawberry dessert as well!) Didn't order the birthday cake, but the table next to us did and it comes in a cute little jar with a birthday candle!!! Eating House is around for the next seven months so definitely going back!  The guys who run it are really cool - all wearing cool glasses and plaid shirts.  The chef, Giorgio Rapicavoli, brings your dish to your table.   Not only are they serving up great food not typical of Miami, but they also have a monthly charity in which they ask for donations.  With your tab, they include a little envelope and a flyer on that month's charity and if you want to donate, you can. No pressure.  So bring a couple of extra bucks and help out the community!
What a wonderful dinner, service and atmosphere tonight at Eating House Miami.    Must haves:  Pasta carbonara (bacon, black truffle, egg yolk, parmesan) - OMG, my entire body was quivering from the first bite.  Panna cotta (fresh berries and guava, sprig of mint) -- I would have licked the plate if the server hadn't removed it.  Family style service make for sharing opportunities...and the portions are very large.  This is an exciting concept whose time has come.  Do make it your business to give it a try.  Do make reservations.  You won't regret it.
Highly disappointing. We ordered a bottle of wine and two plates (eggplant and bone marrow) and 30 minutes later we still had no food and NO ONE came to the table to find out what was going on. Other tables around us had received several dishes in the time we were waiting. Finally, we found a waiter to ask about our food and as it turns out the ovens were not properly turned on, so there was a back-up for oven items. This should have been communicated sooner....we would have ordered something else. When the food FINALLY arrived, the eggplant was tasty, but the bone marrow was a disappointment. The toasts accompanying the bone marrow were very burned and black. Additionally, the meat topping the bones was room temperature. If we had to wait almost 40 minutes, I expected it to come out properly. This was insult to injury. Last, many of the patrons in the small cafe were friends/family of the staff and owners. There was a clear difference in the level of service received by those patrons and the rest of us. For example, friends were given an explanation of the items when delivered to the table, whereas, the rest of us had food plopped down and nothing said.  Not a good business idea.... In the end, the eggplant was comped, but it was too little too late...had the bone marrow been prepared with care (not over toasted and under heated) this place might have saved itself, but in the end, we left after just two dishes. FYI- VERY LOUD inside.
Freaking amazing. Just amazing. Went to eating house with a group of 8 we tried everything on the menu. So good. Would not recommend the ceviche. Everything else is just on point.
This place reminds me so much of restaurants in the Village and Brooklyn. No fuss decor, great unique flavors and an overall great ambience. Service was quick and attentive, the food was interesting and delicious. We ordered a few plates and shared them: Captain Crunch pancakes (loved that crunch), chilaquiles (I'm going back to have that all by myself), pork sandwich with sesame fries, hash browns with house made ketchup, and the grilled corn. Everything was flavorful and delicious. We also had the Tang mimosas. It's obvious the chef is creative but he also really knows what he's doing. Definitely going back soon!
Absolutely phenomenal!! I'm trying to budget in going once a week lol, and that being said I have to drive down from Fort Lauderdale. We had - the florida tomatoes, the maiz, the brussel sprouts, the braised beef short ribs and the carbonara.   Simply blown away by the tomatoes and the carbonara, with the braised short ribs following close behind. Had the "breakfast" and the "tres leches" for dessert, and loved them both.
This little pop-up restaurant located inside of Cafe Ponce in the Gables is the real deal! Chef and owner Giorgio Rapicavoli, of Food Network's Chopped fame, has hit it out of the park with Eating House. This place doesn't really look all that impressive if you're just passing by while driving by on 8th street, but what you have in store once you sit down for your meal is an entirely different ballgame. The chef prepares a new menu daily which insures fresh ingredients and ideas but also keeps the regulars happy by keeping a few of their most popular dishes on the menu as mainstays. One big plus is that the menu is tweeted daily. I love when restaurants integrate social media into the equation! I went for the first time on a Friday night about 45 minutes before closing. I had the pasta carbonara and the fried Bell & Evans chicken thighs. The chicken thighs were delicious! However, I cannot even begin to describe to you all how indelibly delectable the pasta carbonara is. If it isn't the most amazing pasta dish I've ever had, it is most definitely very close to it. It's not an overly complicated dish but I think it's simplicity is what makes it so outstanding. It's basically perfectly cooked pasta accompanied by a delicious carbonara sauce with those oh so delicious pieces of apple wood smoked bacon. If you go there and do not order that dish, you're doing yourself a great disservice. So just how good is Eating House? I came back two days later for the Sunday "Wakin' and Bacon" brunch. For brunch, our party of three ordered food that would be appropriate for a party of about six. So much so that the waitress was genuinely concerned and asked, "Are you guys sure about getting all of this food?" I think the fact that they probably didn't really even need to wash those plates after we were done answered her question. The patatas al caballo were delicious as were the BK hash browns. I also really enjoyed the carbonara eggs benedict. However, the standouts for me were the calentado and the capn' crunch pancakes. I'd advise sharing the pancakes and getting them last as a dessert. With all that being said, get on over to Eating House before they close. After all it's just a pop-up restaurant. I do hear though that they are currently looking into another location. Hopefully this time it'll be their permanent home.
Eating House isn't about food, it's about an experience. I came here with a group of friends in July on their pop-up's last day. We all ordered several plates to sample it all. My faves? The mac and cheese with candied cornbread crumbs, the brussel sprouts with korean BBQ, the short ribs, and birthday cake for dessert w/ cake batter mousse & whipped chocolate (which came in the cutest container!). All in all, I was over the moon. Now that they are here to stay, I MUST go back for brunch. I'll be updating this review soon.
Don't ever tell a woman that she shouldn't order the Elvis Waffle after finishing the Pan con Lechon, because "that would be a lot of carbs for one afternoon" I wanted to slap you, Joe. (Or was it Peter?) I also really wanted that damn waffle, but was made completely self-conscious by that comment. Anyway, good food. The Dirt Cup dessert was out of this world.
Creative food from a genius chef from Miami. Your best bet is to take recommendations from your server and come with an open mind. For godsakes they've got a dessert made with Cap'n Crunch. I don't think they're going to be open much longer as a pop-up (I think they're only open for another 3 or 4 days from the time of this review) so stop reading this now and get there. You can check out their daily menu online.
Where do I begin? Everything about Eating House is simply great, from the food to the service, the overall experience is everything you want in a restaurant. The chef/owner Giorgio Rapicavoli recently won Chopped and if you try his food you'll know why! What I love most about Eating House is that the owners/chef are extremely passionate about the food they are serving and the experience they are providing you with the second you walk through the door. It's a quaint, casual place, but with amazing food that you would only find at an overpriced restaurant and wouldn't nearly be as good. It's a pop up restaurant so it will only be at this location for 6 months or so, but definitely a must try! The fact that the chef goes to the local markets and buys fresh each day makes you want to go back over and over again to see what will be on the menu that day (no, there is no set menu, it changes depending on what he picks up). I pretty much sampled everything on the menu on opening night and really can't tell you which dish was my favorite because they all were. The one that surprised me the most (and in a good way), was the Bone Marrow. I had never had it before but to my surprise I loved it and would definitely have it again. The fried chicken and waffles were to die for. My friends and I could not get enough of them! For dessert I had a grapefruit sorbet with lychee - refreshing and delicious! Next time though I want to have one of the chef's nutella concoctions. Besides the food, the service is wonderful. You get that personal service of a local neighborhood restaurant with the chef coming out and serving the dishes himself and telling you a little bit about what went into the dish. An added bonus is the old school hip hop music playing in the background. You catch yourself singing along and reminiscing with your friends. I can't wait to go back!
We got early reservations (reservations a MUST) for a Saturday night otherwise they were so booked up we would have been eating at 10 p.m., that's how popular this place is!  A very, very small place with a bar seating perhaps 12 patrons?  One good thing for our visit was a birthday party celebration required several of the tables to be arranged end to end which actually opened up some floor & elbow space.   The service was excellent right from the start. The wine choices abundant and very good.  Sharing the brussel sprouts and the pimiento appetizers was perfect for their size....both absolutely delicious!  Main course was the creamy, bacony (is that a word?) pasta carbonara, cooked text book al dente, a great portion size for sharing...loved the fact that the chef used a wider pasta, reminiscent of egg noodles. Concluded our fabu meal with the Dirt Pot dessert....cleverly served in a flower pot, it appeared with a layer of crumbled chocolate cookies on top and a tiny sprig of green herb protruding from the center, resembling the first shoot of a planted seedling! The Chef/owner served us the dessert.  Layers of yummy chocolate....right down to the ice cream layer at the bottom.   We will definitely be going back to this restaurant in the future...so cool they don't even have a sign outside!
Eating House, pop up restaurant extraordinaire, blipped on my radar screen this week. The Main Squeeze worked from home on Wednesday and read an article in the Miami New Times article about this luncheonette by day, culinary hot spot by night. Friends Giorgio Rapicavoli and Alex Casanova had dreamed about their own spot for years. Now they have it. As they say, they do not have the best china, most luxurious ingredients or the finest wines, but no one notices. They have a genuine passion for food, the ability to innovate and execute on the plate. Their menu is focused, limited some would say - but not me.  It's more than that. The vibe is great. The people are nice, young, shiny-faced. The crowd, abundant. The food, creative and tasty. The price, affordable. ($77 + tip for one wine, three beers, four dishes). We arrived at Eating House, right at 7pm. There was a crowd outside already. The doors opened and everyone was seated easily. We chose to sit at the bar. We're like that. We started with a New Zealand Sauvingnon Blanc (MS) and a Vanilla Porter (me). Sounded fun, and it was. A note to the chef, I'd love to see a Maple Bacon Ice Cream float with Vanilla Porter.  Seems to fit with the Gestalt of the dessert menu. We decided on three items to share, as we were instructed by our server that sharing is the new black at Eating House. We chose the Bulgogi Brussel Sprouts (with Korean BBQ sauce, sesame fried egg, Montreal steak/togarashi); the Fried Chicken Thighs (with buttermilk waffles, house smoked maple candied bacon and hot sauce ranch dressing); and the Pasta Carbonara (with applewood smoked bacon, toasted bread crumbs, double egg yolk and parmesan). Where to begin? As a whole, the food was interesting, inviting and solidly good. I'm a big fan of having egg on top of things to bring out the rich flavors, but some people may not be. Then don't order those things, would be  my response.  The brussel sprouts were my favorite. Roasted and rich with flavor, I thought the impact was dense while the dish was fairly light, leaving room for more. Second place went to the Pasta Carbonara. This is a heavy dish but worth the investment. The black truffles lend a dynamic depth to the dish along with the egg on top. It was delicious. It is meant to be shared, or you will have to find a pop up hotel somewhere to sleep it off. My brother Dalton joined us for a bit and he had the "mac & cheese," which is really not cheese but a tasty concoction of roasted calabaza pureed to liquid form with candied corn bread crumbs on top. Decidedly a bit sweeter than the cheese version, but really, really good. I think he would have licked the bowl if socially acceptable. The chicken thighs and waffles were good but a bit too fried for my taste. The idea is that this dish is a contemporary take on the traditional soul food dish, and it's a good one. I would just like to taste more chicken, less crunch rather than the other way around. That said, I'd probably order it every time I went. We spoke for a minute with Giorgio and Alex about their experience and vision, and they were friendly, happy to share and enthusiastic. Their genuine ability to execute is impressive. They are young, just a few years older than my brothers, and they're out there giving it all they've got. You have to give them props for that.  And the 30-minute wait of people outside were doing just that. As we drove home down Calle Ocho and tried to figure out what a "hipster" actually is, it struck me as how lucky we are to be in such a vibrant, colorful city that supports creativity and diversity (at least on a culinary level). Try Eating House before it expires in Aug/September. This is your chance to be a part of a trend, and check this promising duo out before their next incarnation. But, be sure you get there at 7pm sharp, or be prepared to wait a while...
This place is probably a magnet for people who think they know anything about food. While the food is good, it's not great, and for the price it's definitely not worth it... I've been here a few times and my thoughts stay the same. They won't make the slightest change for an order, and the wine is ridiculously over priced. The service was just good enough to not be bad. All in all this restaurant thinks too highly of itself. I'd go back if someone else was paying, but what you get isn't worth near what you pay for it.
I was told about the eating house a few months ago. I thought it was going to be another over-hyped breakfast joint. But to my surprise this place has great servers like Ben, even better food and a really nice atmosphere. I recommend the Eating House to anyone that is around the Coral Gables area.
I have been to Eating House half a dozen times and absolutely love it. I tell everyone I know that they have to go to Eating House. I've been procrastinating on writing a review because I'm afraid there's no way I can do it justice. I finally went to Eating House for the first time since its graduation from a pop-up restaurant to a 'permanent' establishment, and decided I they deserve my time and review. I have to start by praising the staff. Everyone is warm, friendly, competent, and - most importantly - incredibly passionate about the food. I love asking the waiters to describe new dishes or tell me about their favorites.  The interior is more sophisticated after the remodeling, or to put it in better terms, there is "swag."  I love the graffiti artwork and the music pumping from the speakers (at just the right volume to still allow you to comfortably have a conversation with your dinner partner), which is a mix of Old Skool hip-hop.  It brought me back to the Krush Groove & Breakin' era. I was a little bummed to see a couple of my old favorites excluded from the menu - namely the roasted corn and the affogato - but quickly got excited when I realized this would allow me to try even more new dishes. Here's my review of the 'new' menu (Dec 2012): - Pork belly (served w/johnnycakes, 64 degree egg, sweet corn-maple) I absolutely loved this dish. For me, the highlight was the johnnycakes with sweet corn maple. Together with the pork belly (which could have been a little fattier / more flavorful) and the egg, which is cooked to perfection, this dish was incredible. - 'Pumpkin pie' bisque (w/biscoff, nuts, spice crumbs) The rich and creamy bisque was complemented perfectly by the nuts and spice crumbs. I really enjoyed the first 2-3 spoonfuls, and then found it too sweet. The portion is a little too big and sweet for just 2 people to share. I would only order this again if I had more people to share it with, since 2-3 bites is all you need. - Brussel sprouts (w/64 degree egg, Korean BBQ, lo mein) I didn't think it would be possible, but they took the brussel sprouts - which I already loved - and made them even better! I don't know if it's the lo mein crunchies or more of the Korean bbq sauce or what, but the brussel sprouts are still one of my favorite dishes at Eating House. - Bone marrow (w/vaca frita, sour orange, tostada) I liked the presentation: the bone marrow served inside the bone, covered with vaca frita and perfectly cut and cooked square onions, all accompanied with a buttery toast. The bone marrow was good, but the vaca frita was overcooked and dry. I was disappointed and won't be ordering this again. - Chicken (served w/'foie-ffles', maple, candied bacon, ranch) Disclaimer: I'm not a fan of foie gras. A hint of foie gras has been added to the waffles, so I wasn't a big fan. My boyfriend, however, loved them and voted for this as his favorite dish. I loved the fried chicken, which was perfectly crunchy on the outside, tender on the inside, and all-around delicious. My boyfriend and I were pretty stuffed at this point and were even thinking of skipping dessert, but two different waiters recommended the 'dirt-cup', so we decided to give it a try. - 'Dirt-cup' (w/chocolate, hazelnut, pretzel, caramel) They should rename this to 'Dirt-pot'. A pot of what looked like dirt with a flower was placed in front of us.  We were a little overwhelmed since we were already pretty full, but this was the perfect way to finish our meal.  The 'dirt' is thin layer of finely ground oreos. It was just the right amount and not enough to be too heavy. The mousse was so tasty and light that we were able to polish off the entire dish.  I loved the saltiness and crunch added by the pretzel. Even though the affogato continues to be my favorite Eating House dessert, this comes in at a close second. I can't wait to go back and try out the 'new' brunch menu!   I just hope Eating House brings back the affogato!
I just realized I have never written a review for Eating House and I am shocked since it is my absolute favorite restaurant! Giorgio is an absolute genius when it comes to whipping up unexpected combinations of foods to create a delicious masterpiece. I've been countless times for dinner and brunch and have been impressed each time.  The staff treats you like a friend and will explain each dish when it comes out.  Each time I've gone with friends we've ordered almost everything on the menu because it's so hard to choose. If I had to pick my favorites, it would be the Pasta Carbonara, any style of Duck (he changes the ingredients but they've all been delicious).  For brunch the Cap'n Crunch pancakes are a must and so are the Eggs Benedict a la carbonara. Writing this review is making me want to go right now!
one visit wasn't enough. i knew that my life could not go on if i didn't try the cap'n crunch pancakes. and so i did...............................................­........ they were delicious. what else is there to say? i mean really! i also had the carbonara eggs benedict -- wowza!!!! what a flavor explosion. it was perfect. our friend had the Cuban bread torrejas and they weren't all that great. a bit dry, IMO. also, we a tiny little visitor (and by visitor, i mean roach). we told the waiter and he took off one of the items from our bill which was nice.
Went here today for brunch and it was simply amazing! We ordered the tang mimosas which are a nice staple to any brunch. Ordered the tater tots -pretty basic but still great in taste. We ordered different plates to try the different varieties of the menu. Calentado, Carbonara eggs Benedict, and the captain crunch pancakes. All three plates were fantastic. The Calentado had the perfect flavor. Add an egg to anything and it's just amazing! This place is a must go! I definitely plan to return for dinner .
Went is last night at around 8-8:30. The place is TINY, but we only had to wait about 15-20 min in order to be seated. The bottle of cab we ordered made it bearable. I usually don't mind waiting that long anyway. So, this visit popped my pop-up cherry, lol. I am so glad that the pop-up trend is spilling into South Florida because I love the idea of it. The chef at Eating House, Giorgio Rapicavoli won on an episode of Food Network's Chopped. I'm a huge fan of the show and everything that has to do with Food Network period, so that made me want to go all the more. He's also nice to look at ;) Seeing as how Eating House has been all the rage and in my eyes, he's somewhat of a celebrity, I was expecting him to be behind the kitchen and out of sight, but chef Rapicavoli was front and center and probably dropped every single one of the dishes we ordered on the table. I really liked that. What I ordered 1. Pasta a la Carbonara: ORDER IT! The taste of truffles all throughout this dish is spectacular and in no way over powering. 2. buglogi brussel sprouts: MY FAVORITE! Our server suggested it, we weren't going to but she convinced us. OMG these babies are literally bursting with flavor and nicely charred. 3. bone marrow al pastor: I was a little disappointed with this one, which sucked bc I was pushing for it so much and my bf didn't want to get it, so I got to hear the "I told you so" from him. But there was not much bone marrow involved and I LOVE bone marrow. 4. chicken and waffles: AMAZING! The bacon totally makes this dish. It is sweet almost like candied. It's also one of the things that consistently remains on their menu. 5. Fried Oreos: The oreos themselves were ok, as good as an fried Oreo can be, I prefer my Oreos non-fried, but that's just my preference. The birthday cake ice cream right next to it was BOMB. Kudos to the chef, I know he's on to great things and so glad he's representing MIA on both the National and local level. Oh yeah, don't go on a first date unless you're both foodies and the girl you're taking isn't a hi mi (high-maintenance) It's loud in there and the music is old school hip-hop, but I'm into that.
Attention all you foodies out there!! You must go to this awesome pop-up restaurant ASAP before it closes by the end of July!! We ordered 3 delicious dishes: fried chicken thighs, pasta carbonara, and the maiz asado. Yummm! Chef Giorgio Rapicavoli is very imaginative and creative in blending in flavors that go so well together. The menu changes daily so you need to go several times in order to try other dishes. The food is meant to be shared so they bring out small plates to your table for this reason. For dessert we ordered the smores. Oh boy! It was heaven in a jar! We hear their Sunday brunch is amazing as well but get there early because a line begins to form outside pretty quickly. The service was attentive, friendly, & fast. Our server, Chris, was cute too! (just had to add that in). This was our first experience at a pop-up restaurant and wow, we couldn't have asked for a more delicious experience. Highly recommend this place. So hurry before they close up and move on!!
I just want to say this place and the food is not something you could find just anywhere. My wife and I visited this place around 10pm on a Saturday night, which is late for this part of town. We had great service from Natalie. She knew the menu just as well as a chef would. We had the Corn and Turnip dishes to start. Corn was really tasty, 8 out of 10 without a doubt. The only knock on it I could say is that the cut size of the pair of corn cobs could be just as tad bigger. The Turnips, however, are a FULL BLOWN 10 out of 10! Roasted turnips with frozen slices of banana and an onion ash. It had some squirts of a savory brown sauce which brought it all together in your mouth for that first bite. Let me tell you, it was an incredibly complex and beautiful taste of paradise. Our main dishes were also great. We had the chicken & waffles and pasta carbonara. Both were good dishes, an 8.5 out of 10 any day of the week! (Note: Carbonara, not traditional, but it is a really good take on their part.) Last thing I will say is, if you and your company are the kind of guests that only enjoy major chain restaurants like Cheese Cake, Grand Lux, P.F Changs, JB's brewhouse, etc ... I'm not all too sure how you will like this place. However, if you go in there with a open mind and are willing to just shut up and put it in your mouth? You might just be a foodie, and if that happens? Welcome and looking forward to hearing from you.
Went here for brunch this past weekend. It looks like every other new restaurant popping up in Miami- small, crowded space with trendy art work- so the food was what was going to really have to do it for me to want to come back. For brunch I usually gravitate towards restaurants with either unlimited mimosas, an outdoor seating area, live music of some sort (or all three) but even without any of these features - Eating House did NOT disappoint. We waited about 1/2 hour to be sat for brunch, which was fine since we did not have reservations. There isn't a large waiting area so you basically just stand crowded around the bar with a mimosa until your table is ready. Fortunately, they are quite efficient about the whole process, and there are TV's to calm your impatient significant other who only agree to take you to brunch if they can watch football at the same time. CHECK! We ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the Calentado- perfect choice to share!! The chicken was perfectly seasoned, crispy, juicy, and they weren't skimpy on the portion of chicken. The chicken comes on a strip of some spicy ranch concoction, with bacon. My only constructive criticism would be that I wish there was more waffle (it seemed like they only used half a waffle) and also that they would have drizzled some sort of syrup on top. I liked the ranch flavor but I wanted to taste some a little bit of syrup because without it, the waffles seem to be a tad dry/missing something, and the syrup also acts as a natural lubricant so I don't choke while shoveling forkfuls of chicken and waffles in my mouth. The Calentado was delicious-  tender pork, 3 eggs, sweet platanos, rice and beans- it's like 3 meals in 1. The chimichurri on top was the PEFECT addition, the vinegar taste with every bite really made it one of my favorite brunch dishes I have ever had. Next time we will try to Captain Crunch Pancakes! We sat the bar- service was attentive and nice. We will be back!
Came here a while back with friends (honestly we were a bit tipsy and just wanted to continue drinking around Coral Gables) Any who, the service was amazing! Ask for Chris when you go, he was amazing and attentive! With a great sense of humor. We weren't going to eat but he recommend this amazing dish "Fried chicken thighs". It came with these delicious buttermilk waffles and a hot ranch sauce. AMAZING! The wine (which I don't remember at all) went great with our meal. This is a pop up style restaurant, which was my first time attending one, but let me tell you they're now my favorite! The menu changes daily. Highly recommend this place, very modern and the music is great! Will definitely come again.
This is a low key spot with DELICIOUS food. We had the chicken and waffles, heirloom tomatoes with peanuts, frozen coconut milk and edible flower, fresh garbanzos and short rib. Dessert was the red velvet-mousse cake and espresso affogato with vanilla bean ice cream. This place is only going to be around for about 8 months as it is a pop-up restaurant concept. Be open minded and come early! We arrived at 7 and had great service. The chef delivered our courses with an explanation of each dish! A great, unique and yummy experience! Will be coming back for MORE!
I came here to check out what all the buzz was about. I Jumped into it not knowing that I should have made a reservation first. I waited one hour and 15 minutes to sit at the bar. I already knew what I would order considering I had been waiting an hour. I ordered three things to try a little bit of everything. I am glad I chose three dishes because only one was warm and tasty. I say I would return only for the "calentado," dish. The plate offers an array of flavors from the chimichurri to the Maduros. It's a very Latin inspired plate. I learned my lesson... Don't come here unless you make a reservation on their website. You've been warned.
Don't be fooled by the location. I almost didn't walk into this place because of the appearance but I'm glad I did. The eating house is a pop up restaurant that operates in an unfortunate little restaurant on Ponce and 8th street. But the food they make is phenomenal. We ordered pig ear tostadas, the pork belly and the chicken and waffles. For dessert, we ordered the flan. My favorite was the pork belly because it was an interesting mixtures of flavors. It was a little sweet but tangy and all I can say was that it was delicious. The flan was whipped, so it tasted like a flan flavored cloud from heaven. It was amazing. I need to go back there and try the rest of the menu. Don't go back there during the day. The restaurant that operates during the day is not at the same culinary level (this is me being nice).
Sinful in so many ways. Too delicious, too fatty, and too long to wait for a table. But so worth it. Such inspired combinations of sweet and savory, spicy and tart, crispy and melt-in-your-mouthy... Everything I had was in short- to die for. The Chicken and Waffles, Florida Keys Tomatoes, Short Rib, Tator Tots and Eggs Benedict were all praise worthy. I recommend going with friends so you can sample lots of plates. Also make sure it's a cheat day because there is nothing remotely healthy on the menu.
