Mind blown at how delicious their chicken and waffles were. I am no fan chicken and waffles from the past. After a visit to Yardbird, I am a big believer of this unlikely duo!
First Thoughts: What in God's name!? The zombie apocalypse is actually happening.  There was an abundance of humans crowding any free and available walking space. I couldn't believe that there could be such a long wait; my expectance of the feast grew greater and greater.  I went to "Yardbird Southern Table and Bar" for the first time with a large group (5) and reservations - which I HIGHLY recommend. We still had to wait a long time to be seated, but I paved way for pardon on the count of my lurking eyes to the plates of everyone masticating these mysterious combinations of brunch food options.  After we were finally seated, we went crazy! (Ok not crazy- but we all agreed to order different menu options to eat; share style- freakin Cubans!)  Everything was delicious! I mean everything- (I don't mess with Eggs Benedict)- it confuses me, and even that was delicious! Every bite made me sink into my chair with more and more ecstasy! With every sip of my black berry- I- don't-know-I don't- care-you're- so- freakin- delicious- alcoholic-drink-during-brunch- nothing mattered!    Finally arrived the moment of revelation, you know where everyone stares at the bill respectfully wondering who's going to be the bearer of bad news. "Mrs. Scarlet, in the conservatory, with the candle stick!" I shouted. The bill was revealed- "AHHHHH". I can't even say the price because it's so Rated- R, I'm sure to be reported.          Last Thoughts:  It's so absolutely delicious, it's painful.
Let me be upfront right away: Fried, Sweet, Fatt'ning and Odd.  If you have a problem with food that is bad for you, you are trying to keep a South Beach body or you have diet restrictions - Do Not eat here.  If you are all about saving the wales and hugging a tree and your diet is vegan, or anything limiting - you will be very afraid of the choices.   HOWEVER, If you want to be in a great design hip "in" restaurant - You found it.  The menu tries to play off of southern cooking - but it verges on Paula Dean crazy cooking.  Learn that a Pork Belly is the Belly of a Pig!  Rum is used for flavoring and it's a small portion sharing kind of place that can add up when you get the final bill. Now - you may be asking why I gave it 4 stars - it is a refreshing play on food, you can find some flavor to savor and it's a cool change from the standard fare.
Sat at the bar for dinner service from the bartenders was excellent they were very friendly and talkative even though they were extremely busy. Great comfort food everything was fantastic will go back next time in SoBe.
Had a great Brunch with a few mimosas!!! Great way to start my Sunday's hangover.
The deviled eggs, the chicken, the kale, the apple pie... Did I say DEVILED EGGS!! Omg, this was a delicious restaurant. I love local spots in tourist ridden cities. Its hard bc I have to wait until I visit Miami again to go back. I cant wait to take my friends! Although the place was JAMMED PACKED, my friend and I found a place at the bar. Excellent service and awesome food. Our bourbon drinks we're SOUTHERN (JUST HOW I LIKE IT). After all the food, we were stuft. The food is definitely for sharing, don't over order!
Who knew you could find such Southern hospitality in the heart of South Beach?  Yardbird is oozing of Southern charm, even though its located directly next to the busy street of Collins Ave.  Our server was extremely warm and friendly.  She was happy to assist us with all of our choices and told us that bourbon was one of Yardbird's specialties.  From the cocktail menu, I chose a deliciously warm and spicy Old Fashioned, which I sipped on all throughout the meal.   For appetizers, our table shared biscuits and the mac & cheese.  Mmmm Mmm delicious.  I was seriously impressed about how Yardbird could conquer such classic recipes.  The biscuits were buttery and flaky, while the mac and cheese was gooey and rich.  Our server alerted us that some of the "Big Shares" were large enough to share, while some of them were the size of regular entrees.  Interestingly enough, the dishes also come out of the kitchen as they are ready (meaning, not all of the dishes come out at the same time.)  I think this element really adds to the family-style vibe and allows the food to come out piping hot and fresh.  Our table of 6 shared the; Shrimp and Grits, Duck, Fried Chicken and Ribs and a side of corn.  Each dish was better than the one before it.  Notably, the fried chicken was some of The best I have ever had and many of the girls boasted the same. I was seriously impressed by the service and absolutely remarkable food at Yardbird.  Last time I visited Miami, I wasn't impressed by the food, but its quite possible that I just didn't know where to go.  I'm excited for my next visit to Miami for round II at Yardbird!
The food was delicious! First things first, the biscuits... For a moment i closed my eyes and felt as though i was tasting bite sized pieces of heaven. Pure Joy in my Mouth. Fried chicken cooked to perfection, it also had a sweet flavor to it. It was served with a hot sauce, but I don't like hot sauce, my mom said it was good though. The Mac n cheese was very tasty. The crumb effect they sprinkled on top was very tasty. I love the little pan they serve it in. So cute. I also go waffles, they were very tasty. Probably the best I've ever had. The presentation was everything, I would definitely visit this place again. Food, ambiance was all to perfection. Nothing like a southern meal!
Easiest 5-star recommendation I've ever had.  First time visiting Miami with my girlfriend and went here because of the great reviews and word-of-mouth.  Just a fantastic experience. The place is very comfortable and casual with an authentic vibe.  No scene, just great service and food.  Out waitress was incredibly friendly and helpful, suggesting just the right amount of food along with great specialty cocktails (go with the bacon-smoked bourbon).  And, of course, the food - holy god!  The two of us stuffed ourselves on the iceberg wedge salad (w mouthwatering bacon bits), the unmatched (and huge) fried chicken, and tasty grits/corn sides.  Finished with the lemon buttermilk chess pie, along with a candle and birthday song from the waitress.  Had plenty of food left over. Cannot recommend enough.  Fantastic spot.
Went for sunday brunch, the bourban cocktails are delcious (and strong). Had the biscuit starter while we waited, I highly recommend them. As a group of 5 we shared eggs bendidict, chicken and waffles and watermelon, french fries, mac and cheese, and a salad. We are a group of hard to please people from New York and were extremely impressed with the service, the attention from the manager, the food, drinks, and music selection. It is a nice restaurant, so it is expensive, but absolutely worth it. I will be back!
Be ready to unfasten your belt a notch! Absolutely feel in love with this place, atmosphere and the service. I DO recommend for you to either make a) a reservation or b) get there early. Just like any other restaurant by the beach. To drink I tried the house special: blackberry bourbon lemonade and it was delicious. And of course I had to try the chicken and waffles! I highly recommend to share it with someone else because it is a lot for one person. I also recommend the Mac and cheese. The best I've had in SoFlo. I decided to take a risk and try the shrimp and grits plate and I wasn't disappointed. Everything was delicious. And I couldn't leave without trying the dessert. We tried the peanut butter and chocolate sundae. Small but perfect after eating this huge meal. Can't wait to come back.
This place is like a more up scale Cracker Barrel. I personally don't like unhealthy greasy foods, but I can't deny that the food isn't good. You walk in there happy and upbeat and leave feeling like you just ate your last meal and ready for a nap! Tips: 1. it's always packed on the weekends for brunch, prepare to not find parking and to wait to be seated. 2. I'm sure i won't be the only one saying, try the Mac and cheese. 3. The drinks are the bomb! They are relatively expensive but seriously all you need is one drink maybe 2 depending on how much of a light weight you are. They are strong!
Delicious! The chicken and biscuits were our favorite.  The rabbit stew and butter lettuce salad was yummy too.  The perfect meal!  I would totally recommend this resturant to anyone tired of the same old same old in Miami or on the Beach.  This place is super clean, calm and delicious!   In addition to serving tasty food the decor is cute and the staff is very friendly.  I appreciate when people genuinely want to ensure you have a great dining experience.  The price was pretty reasonable 5 small plates, 1 beer and 1 cocktail = $75 for two people.   Thanks Yardbird!  We will be back!
You can taste, smell, see, and feel the love, passion, and creativity in their food! It's a must or anyone who wants a great experience! Bartender extremely knowledgable and decor was fun to look at! Beautiful plating and moderate portion size.
I was blown away by this place.  Our waitress was fantastic, she was very knowledgeable about the menu, personable and friendly.  I came with a large group, there was 9 of us.  The drink menu really awesome and stood out to me.  We had the Mamas chicken biscuits and the biscuits are very flaky and buttery.  I loved it!  The atlantic friend oysters were really tasty and super fresh. The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had. The grits were velvety and smooth and the ham gave it the perfect hint of saltiness.  The friend chicken here is good!!!!!! The friend chicken, waffles and watermelon dish is exactly what you expect, but I have had sweeter watermelon before.  The "mash" was fantastic, its not traditional mashed potatoes, it's celery root and parsnip.  Its sweet and smooth.  The mac and cheese was very good, but a bit too rich for me, but still awesome.  I wish this place was in NY! I have been to Louisiana before and one of the people I came here with was born and raised in Louisiana and they even said this place tops most and is equivalent to some of the best southern cooking there, except his mamas lol.
I don't mean to sound surprised, but this place was unexpectedly good. As a Southerner, I was craving a little break from the "fusion" flair that is so prevalent in Miami. Yardbird had very high marks on Yelp, so we gave it a shot. We ordered just about everything on the limited menu and were delighted with each dish. The fried chicken, fried pickles (spears), and even the ribs were great. I wish I had some of those biscuits with butter and jelly as I write this the next morning. Amazing! The drink specials are interesting. There's some kind of raspberry bourbon tea and a few other treats. The gang behind the bar was the only slight negative. There was not the "mixologist" with a waxed mustache and rolled up sleeves that I expect in places like this. Which is fine, but don't put a lime on my Woodford and then bury it under a huge pile of ice. That kind of takes away from the "bourbon bar" vibe. Overall a very good experience and nice escape from same ol' SOBE restaurants. Add this place to your trip to South Beach and you won't be disappointed.
I love this place.  Mama's chicken buiscuits are tasty, their drinks are yummy, any dish with watermelon is delish because the watermelon is super fresh, their ribs are to die for and their Mac n'Cheese also scrumptious (though more on the small side, especially if you're sharing between two). I've been there twice, hope to return many more times with friends visiting the city and will definitely keep on recommending Yardbird to my guests at the hotel. Yardbird is great to go for lunch any day of the week, for lazy brunch on weekends, for a casual 2nd or 3rd date (maybe not intimate enough for a first date) and great for dinner. They offer inside, outside, table and high chair seating so there are plenty of ambiences to choose from. I live in South Beach, walking distance from Yardbird, and have heard my hotel guests love it as much as the locals.  It is definely off the beaten path, close from one of the main touristy arteries in South Beach -Lincoln Road- but not close enough to make it fall in the category of overly touristic spots. Mama Yardbird, I am a believer!
Living in Georgia for 3 years before moving to Miami I figured I knew good southern food, and shouldn't bother going to Yardbird even though it was a hot new spot. I went here for a beer event, and got a salad and tried some mac and cheese. The salad with Bacon on it was stellar, as was the mac and cheese. I would come back here, I was really impressed with the quality of the food. I'm deducting a star for a really bitchy server who hated the fact that we had 12 people at our table. The service was slow and rude, but she was nice in the end. Nicer/faster service would have gotten you 4 stars!
Loved it the only thing I would complain about is the prices and also drinks. You get a small bottle, spouse had a 12 oz bottle of diet coke and the boys had 16 oz. bottles but they were all $3 each. That is a lot for a bottle of pop. Their biscuits are to die for. I had several with their spun butter and home made jam even took one to go but it did not last long.  Their corn on the Cobb comes with fried hominy, just deliciousness.
A group of us decided to try Yardbird on a Friday night. The valet was full, but we managed to find parking in a nearby parking garage. Our wait for a table was minimal as it was close to 10p when we arrived. We were seated at one of the high tables next to the kitchen. It was a little noisy, but not unbearable. Our waiter was awesome and took the time to go over the menu with us and make recommendations. The only thing he didn't mention is that the chicken and rib entrees are large enough to share, so we took home quite a bit of each. The guys in our party ordered from their extensive list of bourbons and were pleased with their selections. For dinner, we ordered the shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, southern ribs, a side of cheesy grits, and two orders of French fries! We enjoyed everything, but the standouts were the fries (glad we ordered 2 servings), and the shrimp n grits. The shrimp was well seasoned and very flavorful. The ribs were falling-off-the-bone tender and tasty. The chicken was cooked perfectly (crispy and juicy), but I felt it needed a bit more umph! The cheesy grits were okay, but like the chicken, it also needed a little more seasoning. Southern food is supposed to be full of flavor, and Yardbird was disappointing in that respect! 3 stars for the food, 4 stars for the excellent service, as good service is hard to find on South Beach!
The menu looked so good here that we wanted to do a bunch of small sampling instead of opting for a larger entree. The atmosphere here is rustic and casual while also being very appealing to the eye. This would fall into the upscale casual. Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade - This is their specialty house cocktail and it was delicious and refreshing. Especially given the hot and humid Miami weather. Made from fresh squeezed lemonade, organic blackberry, bourbon, cardamom, and topped with sparkling wine. Deviled Eggs - A classic and perfectly executed presentation of deviled eggs. They come topped redneck caviar (smoked trout roe) Mac n Cheese - Torchio pasta covered generously with a mixed cheese blend topped with a crispy bread crumb coating. The presentation looks great, but not all that different than other high end versions of this I have had before. Still good though. Mama's Chicken Biscuits - 2 sliders made out of their famous delicious biscuits and fried chicken. This was a good option as opposed to having their full fried chicken meal. It allowed us to try their amazing fried chicken while also sampling the other menu items we wanted to try. I would consider this a must get item. Cheddar Waffle w/ Bourbon Syrup - This waffle is definitely more savory than sweet and it was delicious. The cheddar that is baked in throughout is perfect. The green tomato salsa-like substance on top looks off putting at first but the flavor combination when the bourbon maple syrup was added made all the flavors combine perfectly Banana Cream Pie - White chocolate rice crispie, boozy toffee, and roasted white chocolate ice cream
If you're in south beach this is a MUST. Once you're done gaping at the incredible interior decor (think rustic chic) you'll spy the mouth watering dishes coming out of the kitchen
Wow. I am reluctant to give five-star reviews, but Yardbird earned it fair and square. I haven't seen better service since moving to Miami in 2008, and the food is OUT OF THIS WORLD. I will have to come back many more times, as my stomach is not large enough to try everything in one shot. That said, we managed to devour the traditional fried chicken, which comes with savory waffles (to be dunked in hot sauce--yup!) and minty watermelon. Wooooowwwwww. We also had the waffles with fruit, bacon (which re-popped my husband's bacon cherry, and he is a bacon connoisseur!!), and mac and cheese. We had leftovers, but shamelessly put most of that away that evening. Next time I will also have to sample the drink menu. There are a bunch of bourbon drinks as well as plenty of other options. Yardbird, you are a rare bird in Miami.
This place was an all-around win. They have something for everyone, and I'm a tough customer. Being allergic to dairy and gluten is usually tricky for some places to service, but Yardbird didn't even blink! The fried chicken was one of the best things I've ever tasted. And our waitress was very knowledgeable, which gave me the confidence to eat without worry. The rest of our party indulged in the bone marrow and chicken and waffles, which I was told was absolutely phenomenal. We will most certainly be back for more!
This is the best Southern dishes I've tasted from a restaurant!!! My boyfriend decided to try this restaurant on a wimp after watching the Miami Heat play. We had the Macaroni and Cheese, Adluh South Carolina stone ground cheesy corn grits, Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken, and the Buttermilk Biscuits with the seasonal house jam. DELICIOUS TO THE LAST BITE!!! I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANY AND EVERYONE. The servers were very nice, the food was great and came out hot and ready to eat. I will definitely be back again.
Yardbirds mamas chicken biscuits and the Mac and cheese were amazing. Great service, fun atmosphere and wonderful food!
I came here with my family for brunch on a Sunday and sat on the little terrace outside. I tried some of the fried chicken, waffles, & butter lettuce salad that were all absolutely delicious! After going to undergrad in Georgia, I learned to love shrimp and grits. Here, the shrimp and grits were disappointing in my own opinion, but I do have very high standards for what qualifies as good grits. Our server gave us excellent service and it was a great overall experience. I would suggest making reservations beforehand to avoid any wait!
Had the slow braided short rib sandwich during Saturday brunch.  Loved it!  It was a hearty sandwich served with a tomato jam that rocked! Could have eaten two more sandwiches if I had a giant tank for a stomach!!       Also had the pumpkin beignets. Fabulosity on a plate. P.S. I wanted to sample their signature chicken and asked to purchase a piece but was told that isn't how it was sold.  Oh well.............I've had lots of chicken in my day.
Really tasty food, great drinks, and fantastic service.
Tried this place for the first time this Sunday it's amazing from start to end drinks awesome food great and service is also amazing I must have had 5 different people ask me if we were good it's a must go and I'll be back
With over 1000 Yelp reviews and 4+1/2 stars I was pretty sure that this place would have been good. I am glad to confirm these stars and I am also happy to say that I will go there for sure next time I'll be in Miami. Always busy, in fact for two times we tried to book for dinner and they were fully booked. Then we tried for a Sunday brunch and we have been lucky. Arrived 30' earlier, but they were so smilingly nice and found a table for us. Service was super friendly and professional, food came fast and perfect. Delicious. We were 4 ...4 hungry mouths! For our first experience at YardBird we decided to go for the Signature Dishes, to share: Mac'n cheese - Fried chicken w/watermelon and waffles - Devil Eggs - Fried Green tomatoes w/pork belly bacon. All was so Good but the Green Tomatoes also show the Chef's creativity which I loved. The ambience is cool, not much noise even though full of people. Prices are Ok, for the quality and everything. Not tried the desserts...next time! Ahhh! I was forgetting the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade, Not To Miss.
The atmosphere was amazing!!!  The wait was super long it stays packed so definitely make an appointment. I had the shrimp and grits DO NOT I repeat DO NOT get this! It's is not their best dish. My fiancé had the chicken waffles and watermelon the chicken was good as well as the hot sauce that comes with it. I tried the charbroiled okrA it was amazing I could have eating the whole skillet of those. The Mac n cheese was pretty great as well. We had the frog legs as the appetizer and that was the best thing I had of the whole night in my opinion I would definitely like to go back whenever I'm in the area to try something else the menu had a good selection and the atmosphere was very inviting they serve very large portions and I feel it was a reasonable price.
A gem in the sea of crappy restaurants around lincoln road. Amazing atmosphere, great and unique decor and the food speaks for its self. The chicken, biscuits, mac and cheese, and the rest. Good selection of draft beer and did i mention the decor? Staff  is duper friendly and helpful. Unless have a reservation, Go early or expect to stand in a line up for an hour.
Great space, location, and service. The food is out of this world. Literally everything on the menu is amazing. Would recommend.
overall good experience.  Fried green tomatoes and chicken biscuits were awesome.  Mac and cheese was prob the best I've had, but the fried chicken was a huge disappointment.  Dry and the skin was soggy, overall the chicken lacked flavor.
I love Yardbird. LOVE!!!!! Would give it 10 stars if I could. I get so happy anytime we get to go. We've been to Yardbird many many times.  Mostly during the day and a few times for their Sunday brunch which is a la carte and very similar to their regular menu. First and foremost, they take reservations! For whatever reason, this is one of those places that I wouldn't be surprised if it was first come first serve.  Anyways, make one because this place gets packed... after all, it's that good! The restaurant provides valet parking and is blocks from Lincoln Road.   It had a great look.  Décor is just fantastic.  It screams southern comfort with a big touch of elegance.  From the wine fridge clearly displayed for all to see to the decoration on the walls, you can tell some real thought went into the layout and design of this restaurant.  Even the high table/chairs area is comfortable and I usually don't enjoy sitting on chairs where I can't touch the ground.  Even their online page is fresh, original, awesome! As for the food, it's all good.  I mean it. Even the deviled eggs which I do not ordinarily like, they are so good. But in the end, this restaurant will always be about the mama's chicken biscuits for me. We used to share this one... no more.  Now I get two for myself!!!  The chicken is perfectly fried... not too crispy.  It's never dry and just so good!!!!   Oh, and we are talking about Bell & Evans organic chicken.  This is as good as it gets. For dessert, the peanut butter chocolate sundae is good.  As for the wine list, it's online. They have some good ones in Caymus and Jordan and Darioush but you'll be paying more than a 100% markup.  I believe you can bring your own bottle for a corkage fee.  Just call to find our first.  We usually go for the cocktails.
The hype is real. The food is delicious. Fried chicken sublime. The service top-notch. And an awesome selection of Beer & Whiskey. Decor outstanding. This has become an must every time I'm in town, especially since its so close to my place.
Celebrated my 23rd birthday at Yardbird, they were more than courteous to my late-arrival friends and treated me amazingly well. For starters I had the chicken n' biscuits, free-range chicken on these fluffy biscuits. For my entree I had to go with the chicken n' waffles, MY LORD that chicken with that sweet-hot sauce drizzled over my waffles was deliciousness! As for their drinks, I wasn't crazy on their drinks, had a blackberry lemonade and a sweet tea, both came with bourbon and I'm not a fan of bourbon at all. Dessert were s'mores which was also very delicious. I recently came back for lunch, their lunch menu is similar to their supper menu, obviously in smaller portions. TIP! If you follow them on Instagram (runchickenrun), you get to see their daily specials, as opposed to having them tell you what is it and you can't put two and two together.
Loved this place. Fun vibe, great unique drinks and excellent food. Makes you want to eat southern food all the time.  Not crazy expensive considering you're in South Beach.
I went to Yardbird with a large group and every single one of us agreed this was one of the best restaurants we ever ate at. I have a large number of food allergies (wheat, soy, milk, potatoes, etc.) and all of the employees were extremely accommodating.  Chef Jeff McInnis came out the kitchen and gave me a special menu.  He explained the ingredients in all of the foods and told me he could make me almost anything on the menu using alternative ingredients.  I ordered Chicken Under the Brick and it was fantastic.  Definitely the best meal I have had since I had been diagnosed with 20 food allergies.   My family has been home from Miami for a over a week and we still can't stop talking about this restaurant.  I highly recommend this restaurant for others!
Very unimpressed coming here after reading all the rave reviews.  Just an overpriced restaurant in Miami Beach for southern type food.  If you grew up in the south, you would know this is nothing close to authentic of course.  I ordered the Chicken and Biscuits and Mac and Cheese and fresh squeezed oj.  My friend ordered the BLT Benedict cast iron casserole and said it was good, not great.  My chicken was so dry, do yourself a favor and just go to chick-fil-a.  Get much better, juicy chicken biscuits for a fraction of the price.  I think the bill was around $50...what a joke!
Great food, great service
Food is excellently executed. Service is on point. Not a fan of the brunch omelette. The chicken and biscuits are a must and needless to say waffles are amazing. A must do, never disappoints.
One of my favorite restaurants of all time. The restaurant scene in Miami has changed for the better over the past few years, and Yardbird is one of the restaurants leading the way. There are still expensive tourists traps up and down the beach, but this place is a stand-out that attracts locals who are happy to have a real dining experience. After all, why shouldn't Miami be a great food city like NYC, San Fransisco, or DC? The fried chicken is the most popular entree, but really try whatever your heart desires. Other than Llewellyn's Fried Chicken, I've had Mama's Chicken Biscuits and the Shrimp & Grits. All were amazing and incredibly satisfying, as you would expect for Southern food! I've also eaten several desserts - I usually go with the server's recommendations and have not been steered wrong yet.
Alert! We requested bread "or something" quickly due to a sugar issue and the waiter offered biscuits. They were delicious and during dinner we asked for another order. I was shocked to see a charge of $7 per order. Food was good but too high priced for what you get. Chris M
Mmmmmm...who can resist fried chicken and watermelon ?? Drinks were solid, food was hearty. Good stuff... don't plan on going out after you eat here !
Gourmet Southern comfort food. Don't mind if I do. Yardbird had been on the radar since my last visit to Miami area, I had posted a talk thread requesting suggestions, and I got an overwhelming response with enough suggestions for the next 20 times I'm in the area (thanks Miami yelpers). I let my family do the picking for the restaurant to celebrate my aunts 94th birthday, and this was the winner. We made a reservation for an early dinner at 4:30, and showed up at 4:15, we were greeted at the door and informed the kitchen is closed from 4-4:30, so we were directed to the bar area to have a cocktail in the meantime. I had my eye on the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade, a delicious mix of Buffalo Trace Bourbon, fresh squeezed lemon juice, organic blackberry and cardamom, with a float of sparkling wine. I'm a sucker for anything with cardamom. This was very refreshing. We ended up staying for two drinks at the bar, we were enjoying ourselves so much, so I opted to try another hand crafted cocktail, this time I went with the Kentucky Mule, now a Moscow Mule is usually one of my staple cocktails, so I was pretty excited to try the Southern version of it, this time made with bourbon and vodka and served without the standard copper mug and crushed ice, but in a mason jar instead. This was definately my favorite of the two. Be careful, this drink took me down to Chinatown. We were then led over to our table, which I found to be on the small side for 4 people, it made it a little tight to order family style. The decor of this place is very shabby-chic meets Pottery Barn meets fancy Southern Farm style. Loved the distressed white washed wood flooring. Ok, back to the food. We started out with a basket of homemade Buttermilk Bisquits and Strawberry Jam, Warm Farmers Cheese (watermelon and sea salt), and really got the party started with the Fried Everglades' Froglegs, served with sweet and sour jelly and escebeche mayo. Definitely the table favorite. We were arm wrestling for the last leg. It was a tough decision to make, but I settled on the Shrimp N' Grits (Florida shrimp, Virginia ham and South Carolina Grits) hands down, best shrimp n' grits I've had to date. The grits were amazing (yes, I'm very picky when it comes to grits, it can ruin a meal). My uncle ordered the Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken, of course I stole half the bird to try for myself, again, probably some of the best fried chicken I've had, but what really made this dish was the side of honey tabasco sauce. A side order of Whipped Sweet Potato completed his dinner,  the side of bay leaf crumble really added to the sweet potato.   For the birthday girl, she was presented with a dessert of Bittersweet Chocolate Cherry cake with a candle and a hand written message "Happy 98th Birthday Marie" (they were only 4 years off, we all got a laugh out of it) and a group of employees, including the managers came over to compliment how great she looks for 98, she's "only" 94). We also shared the Lemon Chess Pie, which I prefered over the cake. All in all, great dinner, and I can't wait to try the other 50 eggs Restaurant's, next up Khong River House and Swine.
Ok, someone ask me if I could write another review because reading my review it's "like coffee in the morning". So YARDBIRD you're the lucky one !!! When you talk about Yardbird in Miami Beach, a lot of people wil tell you " whoa the service is so great in this restaurant"!!! But don't expect too much... I'm not saying the service is bad, absolutely not... But as we say in french " on va pas en faire tout un fromage" ( if you want to know what is the translation... Google is your friend!! ) To make a long story short, the service is ok, I mean the service is normal for this kind of restaurant, the thing is that they have to know the menu by heart, and yes they know it, but it seems more like a poesy that you have to know by heart than something natural! Anyway I absolutely don't want to be mean with this restauant because I LOVED it!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Food was great, they totally know how to make new food with old recipes and the result is flawless!!!!! There is nothing like this restaurant in Miami beach! The Fried chicken is their "best seller" so I obviously tried it, with the pumpkin and the grits... Everything was so good that the day after I tried it I wanted to go back!!! The concept is great, everything is made for you to share with your friend !! Then lets talk about the atmosphere : The thing is that it was obvious for me to eat outside. Why? Don't even think to go inside, the first thing is that is full like hell!!! And it's so noisy that you can't even talk with your friend!! But thank god we are in Miami beach and eating outside is not a problem!! But don't think I didn't like the atmosphere, I think it's great, all those furnitures are great, old chairs coming from old western ( should I say southern ??haha). First I thought it was expensive and then when we ask for the check, we found that it was normal price for what we ate! Well I'm not going to write a book, but you have the idea !! This restaurant is GREAT!!!!!!!!!
We ate a couple of weekends ago and I was impressed. The music was awesome and the food was even better. We started with the biscuits and some corn on the Cobb. Delicious. They don't have a kids menu so me and my daughter shared the fried chicken which was the real thing. For desert we shared the pecan pie. The waiter was really nice all employees seemed like they enjoyed working there which made it an even more comfortable atmosphere. Will deff come again to try more of the menu.
I am an unabashed snob when it comes to these kind of restaurants (higher end southern fare). I lived in Georgia and Alabama too long not to be.  Atlanta is basically ground zero for this "type" of place. With that said, I thought the food here was good and the service was quite good. I had the fried green tomato blt. It was similar to the blt salad in presentation and execution that pink house does in savannah except this place does pimento cheese and a tomato sauce in place of ranch dressing.  It was a a nice dish. Not as heavy as you might expect given the ingredients.  My wife had the quiche which was light and tasty as well. We finished the meal off with the bacon topped maple doughnut. What's not to like there?  All in all, a satisfying meal. Not the best ever, but pretty good. My one gripe is the price which was a little steep (about $50 pre-tip). But that's what you can expect on miami beach.
Hmm... Not really what I expected for the price. Mac and cheese tasted very weird and was not creamy enough. Chicken and waffle, I personally did not like them. I am HUGE on southern food and it lacked flavor. I wanted my crystal hot sauce but you get a sweet hot sauce instead. Very weird, but the staff was friendly. Too expensive if you ask me. Then again, everything in south beach is pricey.
Amazing! The staff, food, drinks were all great! My wife and I ordered the chicken, waffle, and watermelon and Mac N Cheese and the side of corn. Everything was good but I loved the Mac n cheese so much. On a side note I dropped a drumstick on the ground and the manager was kind enough to bring me a replacement one without me asking within 2 minutes of me dropping it. Thanks for the great food!
I've been hearing about this place for a while. Once I tried to get a table at night without a reservation and decided to skip the hour plus wait. The next time I wandered by in early afternoon the place was relatively empty. I got right in. However, the place did fill up quickly. I think a reservation is the best ay to go. It was brunch time so I stuck to the brunch fair and ordered the morning quiche with leeks, goat cheese and a few other things. Hands down the best quiche I've had (even better than in the french rest. in the grove.) From the first to last bite I loved it. Being brunch we also ordered the pumpkin donuts. Initially I didn't have much an interest in them until they arrived and I took my first bite. These things are a must order. Warm jam, pumpkin donuts and sugar. I look forward to eating here again.
I really enjoyed all the foods I tried even though I am not a usual eater of southerfood. My favorite was the shrimp and grits and the duck, duck, duck...amazing.
Incredible dinning experience...  The food is really good, the service is awesome.
This is by far the best food I have had in ages. The meals are uniquely designed with large portions, designed to be shared.  They take simple dishes and make them extraordinary with amazing fresh ingredients. We visited for lunch on a week day and tried the southern peach and the blackberry bourbon lemonade  and were immediately impressed. We had the fried green tomatoes, and the Mac n cheese and then died of food amazement. Literally everything they make is amazing. Be open minded and try something different.
Two words pepper jelly......   Let me preface by saying I love the idea of this restaurant, southern style comfort food with class.  It's unique without being over the top.  Humble yet sophisticated...I could go on and on. My girlfriend and I were at an UYE around the corner when she pointed out that we were only a few steps away from the infamous yardbird!  When I mentioned that it was on my list she quickly suggested we go for an after dinner drink or dessert.   First, the Decor is perfect!  From the beautiful tufted booths to the light fixtures, to the cabinets faced with chicken wire this place is amazing! Once we actually sat down we decided to skip desert and do an after dinner, dinner! So we ordered something to share!   Chicken biscuits with pepper Jelly and a watermelon heirloom tomato salad to share!   I did not try the salad but our friend said it was yummy!  The chicken biscuits with pepper jelly were amazing.  Good thing I'm not pregnant or I would make my hubby drive to sobe and get these for me once a week! This is a definite do over.....and over!  Next time I'm thinking slightly hungover for brunch!!
I went there with a friend to enjoy a Bourbon. The first impression was that the bar was dirty and smelly of beer. I ordered the Bourbon priced at $10. The quantity was very little, surely below normal. Anyway, when they brought the check I noticed they charged $12 instead of $10. I let the bar tender know about the mistake and he said that they charge more if it was served neat. Never heard in my life before. The manager came and with an attitude said that they surcharge because they poor 2 oz. Crazy stuff rude workers and dirty. Awful experience.
This is one of those places where my eyes tend to be bigger than my stomach. What's not to love about fried chicken and waffles, and biscuits, and jam, and honey butter when executed well in an atmosphere overflowing with modern Southern charm? Service is always pleasant, everything I've tried is tasty, and the creative cocktails served in mason jars always make me happy. On two occasions, went without a reservation and despite being full, they seated us promptly with absolutely no attitude. Rarity for a trendy spot on SOBE.
A taste of the deep South in Miami Beach.  I was very pleased with the heart-warming food, cool and relaxing decor, textures and colors, and genuine, personable service.  It is a unique addition to the beach which offers really good, glammed-up southern dishes.  It may be a little pricey but that's nothing out of the ordinary here.  All the dishes look good.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of them...y'all.
Wow - LOVE this place. The food is top-notch. Fried green tomato, pimento, bacon appetizer was out of this world, salads were great, fried pickles were terrific, fried chicken and sides were incredible, and desserts didn't disappoint. This is Southern food cooked well, with creativity and great ingredients. The service was fantastic, too - friendly, knowledgeable, incredibly welcoming. Cannot wait to get back to Yardbird!
Great food, service and ambiance!
Want a mint julep or a great rye old fashion? This is your place! The whole menu is legit, and significantly different than the usual South Beach fare.
I was excited to try this Southern restaurant on my recent trip to Miami and I was glad we were able to snag reservations at this hotspot.  The macaroni and cheese were as luscious as everyone had bragged about, but the bacon fries didn't cut it for us.  They were too salty and oily--disappointing. The ribs were very good, albeit a little on the spicy side so be warned.  Chicken biscuits were very good as was the Mississippi Mud Pie.  I had the blackberry lemonade cocktail which was very refreshing.  Service by Stefanie was very good.  She was genuinely kind and honest about the practicality of the portions we had intentions of ordering.  You have to at least try this place once to make a decision for yourself.
Extraordinary addition to the Miami restaurant scene. It's casual, comfortable and delicious. The food captures the flavor of the South in a vibrant atmosphere. Try the chicken biscuits and the pimiento cheese bowl - you won't be sorry.
Hands down to this place! There's nothing I do not like about this place. The decor is super cute, staff is super nice. Food is AMAZING! We have the deviled eggs, Kale salad, Shrimp n' grits and the Lewellyn's fine fried chicken. That chicken was FINE! Like I didn't even want to share it with my friends after I took the first bite. Normally I don't like grits. But with the shrimp it was a nice touch and I ended up loving it. I love the moonshine raisins with the Kale, it was a good combination. If I live in Miami, I would not mind having brunch there every weekend. That's how good it is.
Best menu on the island. Unpretentious delicious combination of food that makes you melt.  Don't be afraid to try the obscure selections, they are typically the best choice. And save room for desert, you will not be disappointed.  The only person who will miss out is the one who shows up not hungry.
I wanted to absolutely love Yardbird and overall I did. First the good the decor and atmosphere is a break from the South Beach restaurant. I recommend the chicken and waffles it is worth the cost and you will leave with left overs. The prices can be a little pricey but let's face it this is Miami. The chicken and waffle came with a green sauce that I personally didn't like, and I felt from the look of the chicken it could of been seasoned a little more. So if you like really seasoned chicken just be prepared. It gets a little crowded at night and very trendy crowd. Valet is available for about $10 bucks because parking in this area is challenging due to residents. I def recommend the place if you love southern cuisine with a culinary presentation.
The fried green tomatoes are outrageously good. And you can't go wrong with one of their excellent handcrafted cocktails. If  the chicken watermelon and waffle entree isn't your thing, be sure to get a side of the chilled watermelon.
Great spot. Chicken biscuits and fried green tomatoes were amazing. For what it is... Southern cooking spot... They do an outstanding job. Good atmosphere (but maybe a bit bright) and some interesting craft beer selections. Highly recommend.
Best southern restaurant in Miami. Hands down. Despite the hour long wait, we finally got to sit my party of 10 down. There was so much selection on the menu!! Ultimately, I had to choose Lewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken. Fried chicken is like the staple of fine southern cuisine so I def. had to haha. The menu described that the recipe took 27 hours to make! True indeed. The entree came out in 4 large pieces. Nicely fried and browned. My friends were soooo jealous haha. It was so crunchy and the white meat was so tender and moist. I squirted some good old hot sauce and bam! One of the best fried chicken I've ever had. I had lots of trouble downing the the last wing though. They're so big...and so DERICIOUS. Ahhhh. I'm back in NJ salivating now. Next time you go to Miami, stop by Yardbird and get the fried chicken! They also have a huge beer and spirit collection at the bar too! Nice clean bathrooms too lol.
My favorite restaurant in South Beach. Don't think it's possible to get a bad meal. Favorites include the fried chicken & waffles, chicken biscuits, fried green tomato blt, shrimp n grits, and the mac & cheese, but honestly anything you order is going to be good. Get as many dishes as possible to share. They also have great cocktails - can't go wrong with the blackberry bourbon lemonade or the house mint julep.
I visited Yardbird with a friend who was visiting from Geneva and her fiance last week while we were all on vacation. I think what I liked most about Yardbird was its location. Yardbird is conveniently located just steps from Lincoln Rd., but it's just far away enough so that it's removed from the Road's hustle and bustle. We sat on the restaurant's patio and the casual and quite vibe was almost therapeutic. Even my dog was relaxed. Our waiter was very in the know, friendly, and very willing to help. The service at Yardbird is exceptional. As our server suggested, my friend had the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade which she thoroughly enjoyed. I was having problems making decisions that day due to my relaxed state, so I settled on a glass of chardonnay. To start we had the Deviled Eggs which were delicious. We then shared a salad that had butter lettuce, smoked pecans, grapes and pulled chicken. We loved all of the ingredients but weren't thrilled with the chicken's texture. Next we had Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken which was out-of-this-world amazing and a must try! The biscuits it comes with are so good. My friend's fiance then had the Slow Braised Short Rib Sandwich which he said was quite good. As if all of that food weren't enough, we finished our meal with a DELICIOUS piece of chocolate cake covered in candy-coated hazelnuts. I truly believe that cake was the highlight of the holiday season for me and I can't wait to revisit Yardbird.
Yardbird is one of those restaurants that delivers on all levels. The service, the food, and the atmosphere were all quite awesome. We came here after reading some great reviews and were not disappointed. In fact, we enjoyed our first meal so much that we came back on our final night and while the 2nd meal wasn't quite as amazing as the first but a lot of that had to do with it being a bit earlier in the night before the atmosphere really develops. The service is awesome. The waiters really know how to make it a pleasant experience from start to finish. Our waiter Carlton our first night was awesome and made sure we had everything we needed. He kept us laughing and even stopped by while delivering a dessert to another couple to let us know we'd be one of those later(we did). He told us that the portion sizes were a bit big and they were so keep that in mind when ordering. He suggested one app, one entree and one side for the two of us and while we ordered a bit more because we wanted to try a few more dishes, he was definitely right in his assessment on what we should have gotten if we wanted a full meal because we ended up being far too full with things still left on our plate. The food itself was great. The star was the frog legs which are fried, perfectly tender and served in a delicious sweet and sour sauce. Even my girlfriend who is a less adventurous eater than I absolutely loved them. The pickle jar was quite good if you're a fan of pickled veggies like I am. The pork croquette was tasty as well but the quail appetizer was a bit disappointing. Naturally we had to try the chicken and I was quite surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I came into the meal thinking that it's just chicken, how good could it be, but the chicken itself was perfectly seasoned and juicy and paired quite well with the waffles and watermelon. The mac & cheese was tasty and perfectly gooey but the fries were a bit too salty for our taste. We tried two desserts during our two visits(p&b and chocolate sundae and the chocolate cherry cake) and while they weren't amazing, they were still quite enjoyable. The atmosphere here is cool too, quite different from a lot of the other places in Miami Beach. No techno here but more of a laid back country vibe. They have a great tap beer selection, a rarity in Miami Beach but their mixed drinks are pretty freaking awesome. I'm not a mixed drink person but the black berry bourbon lemonade my girlfriend got was so delicious, it's all I drank the rest of the night. Again, our second visit was a bit worse than our first but still quite excellent and I think a lot of it was due to the fact that we came here at 430pm for our second visit and the place was still empty while our first night was during prime time when everything was rolling along. Make sure to make a reservation if you want to avoid a long wait during the busy hours because the place fills up. It sure is worth a visit because the dinner here was the best food experience we had during our visit to Miami Beach. The food rocks, the drinks rock and the wait staff is awesome. It's been a few weeks since my visit here and I'm still wishing I could eat some more frog legs and have one of those blackberry bourbon lemonades.
I have to say that I like this place.  I've been there a few times for brunch, but not dinner, which may make a difference.  The tables are crowded, the noise level is amplified by the brick walls and wood floors and ceiling, but that seems to fit with the energetic staff and their high quality, fun dishes. The Slow Braised Short Rib Sandwich ($14) is served on two slices of fresh country bread and topped with melted cheese, a sweet tomato jam and a slice of tomato.  The savory richness of the meat is offset by the jam and is a popular choice. Yardbird Chef Salad ($15) is a mix of spinach, smoked chicken and ham, cheddar, zucchini & egg, tossed in a buttermilk-based dill dressing.  The crisp spinach, the smokey meats and that buttermilk dressing set this salad apart from the pack. A large stack of fluffy Pancakes ($10) is accompanied by honey butter and bourbon maple syrup and melts in your mouth as soon as it gets there. House Smoked Salmon & Egg Sandwich ($14) is a delicious combination of the two classic ingredients.  Unless requested otherwise, the eggs come sunny side up, goat cheese is added to the dish and the whole thing is served open faced on that fresh country bread. A big stack of warm, airy Waffles ($12) is sprinkled with smoked, candied pecans and topped with creme fraiche and wild berry syrup.  Bring your sweet tooth for this one.   A side of Bacon ($8) was actually smoked pork belly.  Lots of meat to go with that pork fat, which was appreciated by all at the table. A side of Grits ($6), mixed with cheddar and chives, was ample and delicious. And, lest one conclude that this was a coffee and tea crowd, we tried the 2009 Barn-Griffin Riesling ($25/rated 85 WA) from Washington's Yakima Valley, which was crisp, dry and spicy and went well with both the breakfast and lunch dishes.  The 2010 Tangent Sauvignon Blanc ($30) was a nicely crisp, but fruitier choice which went especially well with the Short Rib Sandwich.  The one-page wine list sports quite a few under-the-radar selections and, although you can spend over $100 on a bottle without too much difficulty, there are plenty of modestly priced wines to choose. There are nearly two dozen craft beers available in bottle or on tap and the folks at Yardbird have also put together a serious bourbon and whiskey list, if that's your pleasure. Service was consistently attentive and friendly.  Parking is an issue in this neighborhood, where most of it is reserved for residents with parking stickers.  Valet Parking, priced differently depending on the day and time that you go, is provided by the restaurant.
The Chicken n' Watermelon n' Waffles is f%#king DELICIOUS! The bone-in chicken is succulent, the waffles are plush-pillow soft and the watermelons are flavorful. And the "bourbon"  maple syrup was different for me - not your traditional old fashion syrup -- but, I must say it was tasteful along w/ the honey hot sauce. The great energy from this place is felt from the entire staff - they all interact with each other as if they're the best of friends. Love this place.
Wow wow wow - Yardbird was awesome and I am so glad my cousin thought to take me and my son there when we were in Miami for Spring Break. It was a little cold on the patio but other than that we had a really awesome dining experience on a sunny Miami day. - Peach iced tea - knock your socks off peach sweet tea. Man.. - Salads were fresh and unique - Fried green tomatoes were gone within minutes - My crab sandwich was done really well, really too big for me to eat and I love crab but that was a lot of food - My cousin, aunt, and son got the fried chicken which was very large in portion but looked really good. They give you the classic hot sauce so you can make it as spicy as you want I don't know if I will ever go back to Miami but if I do I'd love to hit this place up again
I'm returning to my original review of two years ago, both to update and upgrade, as Yardbird has improved and has actually taken it's already excellent food and overall experience up a notch.  This is a high end American South experience at it's very best, and, as it is only a short block from Lincoln Road, too, Yardbird seems destined to be a crowd-pleasing success for years to come.   I had an excellent pulled chicken salad with yogurt dressing today, and the fried chicken remains excellent, too.  The fried green tomatoes are well worth it, and the waffles are good, too.     If you are a drinker, Yardbird has a sensational, unrivaled collection of American whiskeys, bourbons, and rye at the bar, with many rare artisanal whiskeys. While Yardbird clearly plays more to the high end of the market, I think the cool, authentic Southern American ambience is a true asset, too.  The staff has been consistently great each time we've visited.   One note: try a weekday lunch rather than the overwhelmingly crowded post-church Sunday brunch, as sometimes the idea of going to Yardbird is better than the actual experience of going, particularly if it is Sunday.  So reserve early! Overall great and unique place in Miami, and the crowds reflect it.  Will keep coming back, too!
Every time I come to Yardbird it is always an amazing experience. The food is always fresh, hot, flavorful and out of the ordinary. When ever I go I always have Carlton as my server, and he is the nicest guy- we spend half the night making jokes with each other. I love their biscuits and chicken, it is TO DIE FOR. Their peach and bourbon cocktail is what I think is a perfect compliment to the meal. They also change up their dessert menu every couple of months which makes me sad because I fall in love with one, but the new desserts never disappoint. I love the mounds jar and blueberry tart. It's never a bad time to go to Yardbird. Go go go go!
Mama's chicken biscuits and the smoked pear cocktail made me understand why there was a full house at 3 pm on a Saturday afternoon
Visiting from California and had to try the best food Miami had to offer. Atmosphere was 5 stars. I came for dinner. Great date spot - dimly lit, full bar, modern rustic southern styling. Wait staff was 5 stars. Seated quickly (arrived Thursday around 7:46pm), extremely friendly and attentive. I went with a friend and ordered: 1. Fried Chicken & Waffles w/ Watermelon (Serves 2) 2. Macaroni and Cheese 3. Peach Cobbler Ice Cream I'll be honest it's been a few months since I ate here, I'm just now editing photos from my trip and writing a review. But what I remember the fried chicken had a light batter and the skin had very little crunch and the bill was worthy of California prices at $28 for one waffle, 4 pieces of chicken and some bits of watermelon. That's why I'm giving Yardbird 4 stars.
I don't know if it was the hype leading up to my first visit or the fact that they've recently acquired a new chef or maybe that since I'm a southern girl through and through I have EXTREMELY high expectations when it comes to gourmet comfort foods. I have to say, my first experience at Yardbird wasn't exactly memorable. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I just didn't find it exceptional. For starters, I made a reservation 3 weeks ahead. You pretty much have to or you'll be waiting an hour minimum for a table. This place gets VERY crowded. And loud. My friend and I walked in to claim our reserved spot and weren't even greeted by a hostess (there were 2 standing within arms reach of us) because they were too busy discussing another table. I literally had to stare at them until they acknowledged our presence. We were seated pretty swiftly after this which was a relief. But even though our server was nice enough, he seemed a little phony. More like a sales person pitching me a few memorized menu 'recommendations'. This kind of rubbed me the wrong way. Perhaps it's just me, but as a hard core foodie, I usually peruse the menu online before hand with an A and B plan of what to order. So on this particular night (and after hearing so much about their fried chicken) I already knew what I wanted. We started with the sautéed kale. It was really good, buttery and smokey with a kick of crushed red pepper. I'd have it again. We also split the fried chicken (the whole chicken is plenty for 2) served with Bourbon maple syrup, watermelon and green tomato chutney.  The chutney is worth mentioning because it was a nice change from what I'm used to with southern food. It was sweet and savory with a cumin-y/chili-powder essence. Although, I hate to be the bearer of bad news.... I was a tad disappointed with the fried chicken. The texture, crispness and moistness were there, but the flavors were lacking something. I've actually had better fried chicken at a few of my favorite spots in Dallas TX. Sissy's Southern Kitchen being one of them. Sorry Yardbird. I opted for beers this night. They do have a pretty decent beer selection. Everyone should try the Big Rod Coconut Ale (Miami Brewing Co). Very refreshing with a hint of the tropics. Also, the Pecan Brown Ale by Lazy Magnolia Brewing Co (Mississippi). After dinner I requested the dessert menu because, as a pastry chef, I use this as an excuse to 'research' the latest trends and innovations. But again, I was disappointed. The dessert menu seemed like it was geared towards an adolescent crowd. Sundaes and pies, no modern twist on anything. Just uninspired and boring. I'll give YST another shot considering it was a Saturday night, but I'll pass on dessert next time.
Yardbird: The house that Paula Deen built on South Beach. And I mean that in the most delicious way. If you're calorie counting this isn't the place for you. Looking for sophisticated down home cooking (oxymoron?) in a really cool space....then come on Y'ALL! After dining 4 times during their supper, I'm ready to make a fair assessment. Shrimp n Grits: Do it! I will order this every time I come back. I've always associated grits as a boring, white, breakfast food. What came out was anything but. Portion is large and delightfully savory: roasted peppers, onions, cheese, with light brown broth. It's even better the next day as leftovers! My gal pal from South Carolina applauded their use of Adluh grits as a fine choice. Mac n Cheese: Nothing extraordinary but the presentation in wee cast iron ramekin was really cute. Wouldn't order it again. Brussel Sprouts: Oh hell yea! These guys were roasted and toasted to crispy perfection. Not soggy in the least which is easy to do. They come with some entrees but if you ask politely, the chef may serve it up as a solo side. Chicken n Biscuits: I'm not big into fried chicken but did enjoy it. The seasoning is the wow factor. 4 pieces (1/2 a bird) means it'll feed a hungry dude or is easily split. Watermelon salad is a cool, colorful touch that provides balance to dish. Fried Green Tomato: The better sized 'small share'. 3 piece presentation, pork belly is so darn tasty it makes me wanna cry. I strongly dislike Pimento cheese so always scrape it off, but love the dish nonetheless. Banana Creme Pie: Creamy perfection after a heavy meal. Served in a wide mason jar with creme on top and graham cracker cookies. It's pretty big and shared easily if you don't mind double dipping. See Andrew at the bar and he'll whip you up something special based on your preference. Bourbon is the name of the game here, obviously. The fact that they chip off an ice block for specialty cocktails is pretty darn sexy, I love that TLC. Also featured is an American wine list and  half a dozen or so craft beers. *Make a reservation for dinnertime or you're looking at a 45+ minute weekend wait time. *Do NOT miss this place for Kentucky Derby. Best place to celebrate on the beach!
Southern food in South Beach Great combination In the heart of Miami Beach walking distance to Lincoln Road all the shops movies restaurants in the beach what more can you ask for Now let's talk about the food Watermelon fried chicken and waffles how can you go wrong Everything was five stars Ambience music and food was excellent. LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
YUM!!!! As our concierge said,"don't bother going if you are on a diet." the grilled mango salad was amazing...the fried chicken was expectedly delicious. I had the watermelon sling...sweet but strong enough. Loved the roasted cauliflower!!!!! My friends had the Kentucky mule...very bourbon-y and delicious. Perfect outdoor seating!!
Me and my wife came here for lunch and it was amazing. The interior is very unique and has a comfortable feel to it. A lot of the theme was country yet felt modern as well. Service: The service was excellent. Our waitress did a great job helping us with the menu and ingredients. She really helped us in choosing our meal. Meal: We started with the deviled eggs since they are my wife's favorite. The presentation was very clean and since she isn't a fan of caviar they gave that to us on the side. The eggs had a good balance and were done well. For lunch we shared the chicken n watermelon n waffles. First off I want to say that this was more than enough for the both of us. The chicken was breaded very well and wasn't horribly greasy which is hard to find these days. Also, the meat was very tender and came off the bone easily. For the cheddar cheese waffle the bourbon maple syrup is bomb! I think I dipped everything on our plate into this lol. Overall if you get a chance to come down to south beach you have to try this place out!
Just had lunch there. Don't go if you're watching your weight! This is  100% comfort food and it is delicious so you will be over eating high calorie food. But as far as I'm concerned its worth every calorie. Yes I know they have salads and other healthy foods but who the heck wants any of that when you can get brisket, fried chicken in biscuits and Mac & Cheese. I mean really!
I went there "late night" after 11 on a Friday and sat at the bar when they were serving only a limited bar menu. The Lil Bit of meatloaf was okay but the Gigi's version is much better disappointingly.... I had a Hudson 24 grain whiskey and I got the absolute worst pour, literally a thimble full, from a very distracted unfriendly bartender (even though they weren't busy) for $24..Luckily the other bartender, friendlier, either the noted crappy pour by his coworker or just gave me a better one of a Mitcher small batch $17 somewhat making up for the first insulting pour. So one bad bartender, bald and unfriendly and the second bartender tattooed with red hair friendly and vastly better. The atmosphere was a little off, I thought it was way too well lit, there was no intimate feel for the place. Wanted to love it but didn't . Maybe because it was "late night" and they'd been working a lot so things had unraveled a bit? I'll try it again for dinner at some point during normal hours and see if it's any better...but my experience was it's just "ok" and there are better values out there for your dining dollars
We started the meal with some killer cocktails.  I recommend the smoked pear or blackberry bourbon lemonade.  The drinks were very balanced and strong!   Favorite small plates were the fried green tomato BLT and the chicken biscuits. For the main course, you will not be disappointed with the fried chicken.  Loads of flavor and more than enough to share.  As a side, the waffle fries seasoned with bacon salt are a must.  I was a little disappointed with the ribs....a little too sweet and overcooked for my taste.  Everything coming out of that kitchen looked and smelled amazing.  I only wish I fit it all in my belly! You'll find the staff and atmosphere very friendly.  Chef Jeff McInnis is usually there to make sure everything is running smooth.  Make reservations ahead of time so you don't get stuck outside with some crazy hobo. There will definitely be a repeat visit!  Cheers!
Service is definitely lacking, but I'm willing to give them a bit of a pass on that because it's relatively new. We definitely felt a little neglected at our table. As a group of people who either currently live or previously lived in Tennessee, we were looking forward to some delicious Southern cooking, and we were not disappointed. The chicken and biscuits were awesome, although the chicken and dumplings was definitely too small. This is southern cooking, there's no such thing as portions that are too large! The friend who ordered the chicken and dumplings had to order a deviled eggs appetizer after the fact because she was so hungry still, and while those were very good as well, they took about 30 minutes to come out. All in all though, great food with a new twist you don't normally see in SoBe. Definitely worth a return visit.
What we ordered: deviled eggs, fried green tomato BLT, BLT benedict cast iron casserole, chicken special of the day, jar of cornbread, buttermilk biscuits Great service, great food, and good price.
Just to start off with my restaurant background..I'm from Manhattan, and I live back in forth between NYC and Miami.  I eat out a lot and I've been lucky enough to experience eating at amazing places. THIS IS HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT. Food - 20/10 Service - 10/10 Drinks - 10/10 Ambiance - 10/10 The only thing that's not 10/10 is the outdoor seating.  I love the vibe inside and while the outdoors is nice when it's cool outside, it's not private at all...you're essentially on the street.  You are right next to lincoln road tho so it's great for walking either before or after your meal. Another important note - despite how ridiculously good this food is, it's not like other southern food that knocks you out right after.  If you don't eat too much you can easily go out after a meal here which is surprising...OR you could do what I usually do and order way too much food and force the Itis.  Everything on the menu tastes amazing. Personal Favorite - Shrimp n Grits, Fried Chicken (appetizer, entree, or both), corn Tip about the fried chicken - if you get the app, order two or the entree as well and split it between the table.  There's three biscuits in the app and these fried chicken biscuits are addicting.  You're going to want more.
I have to say that I have now been to YardBird quite often in the past 6 months and I enjoy my experience everytime. I've been for both Dinner and Brunch. The atmosphere, the service, food, cocktails are all fantastic. The Food: Chicken & Waffles=Yum+++! Biscuits =Tasty! Shrimp n Grits=Yum++! French Toast=Delish! Meatloaf=Tasty! The Drinks: Barney Flats Oatmeal Stout=YUMMY+++! PorkChop=Yum+! Bloody Mary=Yum+Yum=Double Yum! I would recommend this to anyone visiting Miami! Thank you for existing!
It's all about the whiskey here and good down home food. I had the chicken and waffles (and I do not eat fried food). It was absolutely perfect, I mean perfect. I will now only eat fried chicken when I am here. The waffles were golden brown and light, with an sort of apple chutney mash on top, cayenne pepper water melon served with a hot sauce and syrup. Paired with a glass of buffalo trace, my night was complete. Yardbird, you did it right....
We finally fulfilled our "let's hang out on SoBe" day plans~ Yardbird was definitely on the hit list! It was Sunday afternoon, and we arrived just as they were transitioning- this included the menu. I eyed what our neighboring party was eating nd said "that's what I want!". Though it was not offered on the menu during that time frame, our waitress was nice enough to pull some strings in the back. It was the 1/2 chicken on the big plates menu. Perfect portion for 2... would be ok for 3. We also ordered their Farmer's Salad- YUMMMMMMM! Surprisingly the dressing was really good, and it was big enough. The chicken was seasoned very well! Quite pleased with everything overall! The *only* thing that was slightly off was the limited menu selections.... But it makes you want to come to explore the dinner choices!
This is our first time here my girlfriend had the shrimp and grits and I had the Southern fried trout. Both where very good. Service is fast and our server Samana was very  friendly and knowledgeable about the menu which always is a great help when it's your first time to a new spot. we will be coming back soon.
Where do I begin with this disaster of a place? The serving size was tiny and overpriced, the so called 'smoked' pecans were charred and burned. The same goes for the 'roasted' mango, it was left on the grill too long. The music was played so loud you could barely keep a conversation with the person next to you. If I could leave zero stars I would. I saw all the good reviews left by others and am sorely disappointed by my experience. The only positive I can find are the servers, they are some of the nicest, friendliest servers I have met.
Such a fun place for any time of day! If you're looking for true southern comfort food- this is your place! The chicken and biscuits will keep you coming back time and again. They are out if this world. The bartenders come up with some crazy good concoctions and are very personable if you eat at the bar. Also great for brunch! It's always a party at Yardbird- great atmosphere, amazing drinks, and comfort food- doesn't get much better.
I tell ya I don't get all the hoopla over Yardbirds.....The service was fantastic and the place has great blues playing for a chill atmosphere but the food just ain't all that exciting....good but not fantastic fried chicken.....NO cornbread and NO Pecan Pie....which I always thought were southern staples....and was looking forward to imbibing in.....some kind of chocolate monster desert and a biscuit.....a few kinda non-interesting sandwiches........It's just no kinda big deal and I don't understand the huge popularity.....
Food here was very disappointing. Although service was great, it wasn't true southern food. If you want great quality southern comfort food, make your way to Georgia's Union down on Purdy Avenue.
This place is everything! I was looking forward to coming here, but when we arrived we were seated and informed five minutes later that the kitchen was closed. I was disappointed. The next day we decided to give it another shot, we tried to make reservations because I was told it gets packed, we were unsuccessful but still decided to go. I'm glad that we did, we were able to get seated with no problem. Our waitress Liz was extremely friendly, and was great when it came to suggesting something we should try. The chicken and biscuits were ok, not amazing but not bad either, the biscuits were a little burnt. The shrimp and grits was EVERYTHING, perfectly cooked, and tasted amazing. Try it you will be extremely happy. The sour cream coffee cake (I hope that's the name) was also delicious I wasn't sure if I could even make room for it, but I figured let's give it a shot the portions are big so great for sharing. It's also amazing. Even though I wasn't happy about being seated and later being told the kitchen was closed the food was AMAZING, the decor was nice, the atmosphere was relaxing but fun and the service was great.
This was my first visit to the very hyped Yardbird I had heard so much about. Parking is a bit of a pain, but we lucked out & found a meter in order to be spared having to valet. The restaurant is a short walk from the Lincoln road mall so if you do get a parking spot nearby you can enjoy some shopping & people watching after your meal. We had a lunch reservation so we were immediately seated. First impression of the place was that is pretty laid back. Our hostess was nice. The table for 2 we were led to was wobbly & we were sat right next to another couple even though there was enough free tables to give us some more privacy. A 1 table inbetween buffer when the place isn't packed should be the norm. If I can hear your conversation clearly over music when you aren't speaking loudly, then you're too close. South Beach loves to cram people into tight spaces & this is no exception. Onto the menu, the lunch menu was tiny. I have never been in the evening, but if the dinner menu is as small as the lunch offerings then that's kind of blah. I love having a bunch of dishes to choose from & southern comfort food is not lacking in the variety department. We opted for some Chicken & Bicuits & a Cheese Waffle. I ordered a Coke which was actually a Glass Bottle Mexican Coke. This was a nice touch & rarely seen, but I'm a fan of free refills so it was a mixed bag of "awesome" since I love cane sugar Coke in a glass bottle & "better make this one last." The food was flavorful without being overdone. The pepper jelly really setoff the chicken biscuits nicely. The cheese waffle, well... it was a waffle with cheese. It wasn't bad but it was just pretty much what you'd expect a waffle with cheese to taste like. Decor & Ambiance was clean, our waiter was also very friendly & helpful. The one thing that bothered me was I saw what appeared to me the manager walking around greeting & engaging each table. Some tables he stopped at more than once, but I guess we were invisible because we got skipped over. End of the world? Nah, but it was noticed. Overall, the dining area & restrooms were clean, the people working there are pretty friendly, & the food was good. They tack on a resort tax onto the bill but it was maybe .65 so it didn't break the bank. Would I return? Maybe. As long as there are places like Cracker Barrel, KFC, & Chik-Fil-A around, gourmet southern comfort food is going to be a tough sell.
I was so excited to eat here because i had heard such great things. My fellow chefs rave about the things they are doing here and they were nominated for a James Beard award and all. In my opinion, When you are cooking at this level there is no excuse for food that is under seasoned. The meatloaf app, very cool  but under seasoned. The awesome duck special; cool dish but the duck breast was well done, rubbery and again under seasoned. My wife had a mojo pork special that was "not quite right". It tasted sour and bland as she put it. I know mojo is an acidic dish but salt would balance that. This review would have easily been a five star review with the application of salt. The service was the best part of the evening but the food was a disappointment.
Great place for gourmet southern comfort food.  Fried chicken, water melon salad amazing deserts.  Try the salt maple infused bourbon-amazing. Great food, great service always. I'm a fan!
I'm a southern girl who loves her fried chicken!! I got the chicken and waffles meal to split with my husband. Honestly, after my first chicken from the plate, I was sad because I didn't want to share the rest. It was crispy on the outside and juicy inside. I didn't care much for the brown sauce on top of the waffles, but it was easily scraped off. I think it might be the chow-chow part from the dish's name? mac and cheese was pretty good too. All in all, it was a great southern comfort meal.
I like to eat, and I really like to eat out. This is one of my favorite places to eat or eat out. Fried chicken was delicious. Mac-n-cheese was awesome. Biscuits were great. Deviled eggs were from heaven. Worth the flight from Atlanta.
Yardbird is awesome.  Every single item I ate was beyond delicious.  From the biscuits (definitely the best I've tasted in a while) to the unique take on eggs benedict.  The waffles, the fried chicken, the cornbread in a jar.   Do not skimp out on the butter.  Honey butter, perfectly whipped, and a delicious add to any menu item.  From the biscuits to the waffles, we even slathered it all over our already fried chicken.   The drinks are also inventive and delight the tastebuds. The staff was most definitely obliging to our large party and helped to make our brunch fantastically awesome.
SOOOOOO GOOD! Trying this place is a must. I'll definately be back!
I do not pass out 5 stars often!  This place nailed it.  The fried chicken, waffles and watermelon dish was amazing!  The watermelon was infused and cold and perfect.  We tried the devil eggs and salad to start.  I want to return for the shrimp and grits and fried green tomatos BLT.  We also tried their watermelon white whisky drink.  I can't stand whisky and it was delicious.  Icing on the cake was they were nice.  When does that happen in Miami - NOT OFTEN!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND you make time for Yardbird.
I was in town for business and friends told me about this restaurant. I drove by one evening and it was very crowded. I was about to take one of my lunch breaks and visit the restaurant. I took a seat at the bar and Edgar made great conversation, provided friendly service and was great in helping me make my food choices. I had the wedge salad and the macaroni and cheese. The salad was very tasty. I asked for croutons, but they didn't have regular croutons. Instead they provided cornbread croutons on the side which turned out to be delicious. The cornbread croutons gave the flavorful crunch I need in a salad. (I normally don't like cornbread croutons, but these were very good). The macaroni and cheese is phenomenal. All I could do is shake my head as I ate it. One of the waiters walked by and started laughing at me because he could see on my face how much I was enjoying the macaroni and cheese. I couldn't finish it and it was also great leftover. The service, food, and ambiance were all excellent. A perfect escape from a busy business trip workday
Been wanting to try this place for awhile now after driving past this place several times and noting long lines outside. came on a Sunday afternoon around 5, we were seated right away. I don't know if the hype of this place made me have high expectations but I left with mixed feelings about this place. I think also the price of the dishes may have also influenced my experience as well. In summary, the dishes we ordered were - Chicken Biscuits, Mac and Cheese, and fried tomatoes. They were all very good, although the mac n cheese was way too salty for my palate. I liked the fried tomatoes the best b/c it was very novel -  served with pork belly and some greens. The Chicken (w/ biscuits) was very tender, but also consisted of mostly dark meat which usually are more flavorful and tender than the breast. The biscuits were nice and crispy. I would have liked a little bit more pepper jelly. The drinks were strong, and yet delicious. I highly recommend their Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade and Southern Peach. The drinks are served in jars, which is equivalent to 2 martini glasses. One of these will definitely buzz you up! I will definitely come back just for the drinks. Good experience, but just a tad too expensive for the food!
Unbelievable! From the decor, to the food, to the service. Not one thing was bad. The bartender was so nice and suggested one of their signature craft cocktails. We then were seated and had several appetizers - fried green tomato BLT, deviled eggs, bone marrow and frog legs. Mains were- fried chicken, chicken biscuits, spare ribs, Mac &cheese, shrimp and grits, and red beans and rice. Everything, and I'm serious, EVERYTHING was delicious! Great vibe, great food. Highly recommended!
Excellent service and the food was great! Tried the Mac n cheese,  waffle,  fried chicken and watermelons,    and roast beef sandwich everything was sooooo good
The food here is amazing! This is southern comfort food with a modern twist! The deviled eggs with roe was yummy! The fried chicken and biscuits was delicious! There was nothing that we ordered that we didn't like. Even the simple salad was just perfectly dressed and refreshing! One little gripe: I wish the restaurant would've handled the massive flooding outside (due to the rain) a little better. We literally had to enter the restaurant calf deep in dirty water! They were kind enough to hand towels to dry ourselves, but perhaps a makeshift elevated walkway/plank from the restaurant to the street might have worked.  As a result of the flooding, all bathrooms were out of service and my friend really had to use the ladies room and was uncomfortable throughout her entire meal. Will recommend the restaurant for its amazing food!
there is nothing more to say about this place other than the drinks are a lil pricey
Best restaurant in Miami. Amazing service and drinks. You will NEVER be the same once you've tried the fried chicken biscuits (amazing!) and Mac and cheese. The bourbon lemonade is incredible.
I love this place! Not for the person looking to stay lean, but the food is overwhelmingly good.
Excellent service, Evelyn A+, thanks for serving us the greatest dinner in Miami Beach. The food was out of this world, unique, great taste, crafty, and the best we had here in South Miami. The shrimp and grits were unbelievably good and I'm not sure i will ever be able to settle for just any other Wedge Salad again after having had one here. And finally, desert, the mud pie, no words to express.....how good. Great job, Yardbird! We will be bragging about you to our hometown friends!
Great service. Great food. Great conversation. A must stop for anyone in town.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place I've been here several times and the food is awesome. I bring out of towners here and the feedback is always the same they love the food Shrimp and grits, chicken biscuits etc Etc. The only draw back is I just suggest a reservation in advance. However even if you don't RSVP yardbird is def worth the wait. Enjoy!
Had dinner here a few weeks ago while in town visiting family.  First off, I recommend sitting in their little outside patio area - it's limited seating but you can enjoy the nice breeze off the ocean.  I found the inside to be very stimulating but loud.  So, if you don't mind the noise and ambience, go insde, if you're on a date or something, sit outside. We ordered the fried green tomatoes, florida heirloom tomatoes, mama's chicken biscuits, and the wahoo.  We shared everything.  The best items were the non-entrees.  The mama's chicken was oh so good and I really dug the FGTs.  I was really disappointed with the wahoo.  It was a smallish piece, overcooked and lacked overall flavor.  Big time miss.   If you're a bourbon fan, you'll absolutely love their drink menu.  I am not a huge bourbon fan, but I'll drink it.  We tried 2 drinks - the peachberry smash and the smoked pear.  Honestly, neither was wow worthy. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.  The food is heavy but the ambience is good.  If you're a bourbon lover, you'll like the drinks and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
We, as native Southerners, had a fantastic time at Yardbird while we were visiting Miami, and I have to give a lot of the credit to our server Dan. He was knowledgeable and friendly, but not overbearing. This was, by far, the best service we got in the whole city. The decor is warm and rustic, definitely approachable after a weekend spent navigating slickly designed interiors. I personally had the Swordfish and butter lettuce salad with a side of the watermelon, and it was all done to absolute perfection. Nothing that anyone ordered was anything less than amazing. One thing about the space - it can get a bit loud once it begins to get crowded. If you're a duo, make sure to get a table where you can be quite close to one another. As a four top, we sat at the high tables near the bar and had to do a bit of yelling, which we absolutely didn't mind after a Jack & ginger or two A word to the wise - come here on your last night in town, because after you put away some of this incredible comfort food, you will no longer fit into that tiny bikini.
Today was our second visit to Yardbird, we arrived around 11:30 a.m. and were promptly seated even though the place was quite full.  The space between each table is quite tight. We ordered a side order of grits with cheese ($8), one order of two Mama's Chicken Biscuits with pepper jelly ($12) and one order of French Toast with maple syrup ($13), as well as a very small bottle of Coke ($3.00) and one coffee served in a huge cup ($4.00).  Total: $40 + all the taxes inherent to Miami Beach + tip.  As in most restaurants, we'd classify the prices for coffee and soft drinks as outrageous.  Last week we paid $5 for a refillable cup of coffee at the Ritz-Carlton on Key Biscayne! I also believe their price for an order of biscuits is outrageous at $7 considering that it seems none of the fried or poached egg dishes bring any type of bread.  Others like us, who like to dip their bread into the egg yolks, would have to spend an additional $7 to be able to do this.  The biscuits which came with Mama's Chicken Biscuits were OK, not very large, but in my opinion not worthy of paying $7 for an order of biscuits.  The restaurant should perhaps reconsider this by cutting the price and the number of biscuits in an order in half for customers who only require a small number of biscuits.  Or include a free biscuit with any order of eggs.  I don't believe I'll ever spend $7 for an order of biscuits. Once again, our waiter was Andy (short pony tail, mustache) and he was wonderful on our previous visit and on today's visit.  On our first visit we weren't fully familiar with all the items on the menu so or how to order and, not knowing, we both ordered the same dishes instead of ordering two different dishes which we could share.  We then noticed patrons at the tables on either side of us sharing their meals since the portions are quite generous. Today we ordered dishes that we could both share and the food and the total of the bill were quite satisfying although I could have been satisfied with just the grits and the chicken biscuits.  I ate one slice of French toast, my husband ate the rest. All of the food that we've eaten at this restaurant has been excellent and the portions enough for two persons.  The service has been outstanding.  We will return even though we have to make the trip  from Miami to Miami Beach, a place we dread driving to and parking.  The Yardbird offers valet parking, I don't know how much they charge; however, there's a municipal parking garage on Alton Rd. a couple of blocks away and there are also plenty of parking meters on the side streets, bring plenty of quarters, you get about 8 minutes per quarter.  Lincoln Road with its stores and restaurants is a block and a half behind the restaurant.
My wife and I went to dinner during our vacation after seeing the reviews.  First of all it's a great atmosphere.  The staff was attentive and very helpful.  The food was different in a great way and everything we tried was excellent!  We tried some of the drink specialties and loved them too.  The Bourbon Blackberry Lemonade was awesome.  Unfortunately we were so full that we couldn't try the desserts.  However they looked so good that we went back 2 days later just to have dessert and we weren't disappointed!
Not bad but overrated. Hipster restaurant of the week!
Good energy. Good drinks. Great spirit selection. Friendly staff and a great contrast to the Lincoln area.
You've got to eat here! I came here for brunch on a Saturday morning.  Yardbird hit me at all sides. I loved the style of the building, with it's homey and industrial mix of decor and the lovely outdoor eating area. I loved the bottled ginger ale.  I love the brunch crowd.  But its crown and glory is definitely it's food. I shared several dishes with my sisters, which was great because I got to try a bunch of different foods.  The two dishes I couldn't stop eating were Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken with the Tabasco sauce and the fried green tomato blt. The other dishes we ordered were also incredibly delicious; the mac and cheese was a close third of my favorites. Enjoy. Drool. Be jealous.
Excellent!  Went to brunch with my family and we had a great time trying numerous dishes.  Needless to say, we broke the bank!  But, the food was excellent and interesting:  bacon on a maple glazed donut?!  YUM! Definitely try the house specialty cocktails!  They really are delicious.  We will be going back again soon!
Came here with my boyfriend when we were visiting his friend in Miami. I don't see what the big deal is...kinda feel like I could've gotten the same thing from KFC, but my bf and his friend looked at me like I was crazy when I said that so who knows! They do have really cool cock tails tho.
I went for diner and everything from the drinks to the food was excellent.  The place seemed to be packed but we only had a 15 to 20 min. wait.  I would and will go back again.
From their Signature Cocktail concoctions to the explosion of flavors in each dish to the attentive service there are many reasons to fall in LOVE with Yardbird. Did I mention ANDY? Man, does he know the restaurant and it's drinks....Armed with wit and smile, Andy made our Saturday evening an unforgettable dining experience. Mama's Chicken Biscuits: - you MUST have those. Crunchy chicken, buttery biscuit, spicy pepper dressing - I had to restrain from ordering more since there are many dishes that I had my eye on. Deviled Egg: What's the big deal about deviled egg? These eggs were nothing like I have ever tasted in my foodie travel, and yes I do travel for food....Piled high with a creamy and tangy filling, topped with smoked roe, and 'secret' ingredients not mentioned on the menu - it was inarguably the finest little bites of eggs I have had the pleasure of tasting. Fried Green Tomato BLT: Pork belly. house made pimento cheese - Need I say more? Chicken n Watermelon n Waffles: Easily the STAR of the evening. Old school fried chicken, hot sauce honey, cheddar waffle, bourbon maple syrup - each component showcases the Chef's creative personality. it's a beautiful interplay of textures and flavors. Yardbird deserves a standing ovation......Bookmark it people and make your reservations in advance before your trip to Miami.
This was one of the best meals I have ever had. Julian our server knew exactly how to cater to our group and made our dinner even better. The food was to die for, the shrimp and grits were killer and the ribs just fell off the bone. Mac n cheese was food from the gods and finish the night with strawberry shortcake. Major props to Julian and everyone at the restaurant.
With so many accolades, I went to Yardbird with high expectations. Was it worth all the hype? You bet! What went into my brunch belly: Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken -  1/2 free-range bird, "27-hour" recipe with spicy Tabasco honey ($21): Hands down, the best fried chicken I've ever had...(but I'm from Canada, so maybe that isn't saying much). So crisp, so juicy and so ridiculously good. Fried Green Tomato BLT - Heritage Acres Farm pork belly, greens, fried green tomatoes, tomato jam and house made pimento cheese ($12): I loved the creaminess of the pimento cheese, the crunchiness of the fried green tomato, the sweetness of the tomato jam and the freshness of the greens. Creamy, crunchy, sweet and savoury - a great little bite! BLT Benedict Cast Iron Casserole - buttermilk biscuit crumble, soft poached organic egg, house cured bacon, cherry tomato salad, frisee, hollandaise ($15):  Served in a cast-iron skillet, this benedict casserole had everything I love about a good eggs benny - perfectly poached eggs, a flavourful hollandaise, thick-cut delicious bacon and a fluffy buttermilk biscuit base. Another killer dish! Shrimp n' Grits - Florida Shrimp, crispy Virginia ham, Adluh South Carolina stone ground grits ($21): While ordering, our server told us these were the best grits ever. He wasn't lying. Pecan Crusted French Toast - apple butter, fresh blackberries, bacon bourbon maple syrup ($13): Just wish it wasn't the first dish to arrive since I prefer to end my meal with a sweet dish. Even cold, the french toast was fantastic. I can only imagine how amazing it would be fresh out of the kitchen. Like I said, worth the hype!
We went here for my friend's birthday dinner on 2/8.  You can immediately feel your arteries clogging when you walk in through the door.  The atmosphere was very nice and in general the wait staff was friendly.  We had a large group of about 10 people.  We ordered several dishes for family sharing. -Mac N Cheese (I'm pretty picky about this dish and thought theirs was fantastic) -Butternut Squash (I really liked this as well it has cheese melted on top along with butter) -A couple of Salads (I wasn't impressed with these I feel like I could've prepared a better at the Whole Foods salad bar) - Deviled Eggs - they have caviar on top which makes them super salty.  I thought they were alright, but I wouldn't order them again. - Chicken and Biscuits - this was probably my favorite that we ordered and what they are known for - Chicken and Waffles - I really wanted to try this and thought it was decent for what it was.  I was disappointed in the waffle and thought it would be more flavorful considering that they are supposed to have cheddar and green tomato in them. The bourbon maple syrup was delish. -Southern Ribs- I am from Kansas City and it's hard to top our BBQ the ribs were moist, but the sauce wasn't very flavorful. - Pork Chop- the hash served it with it was very interesting, but the pork chops were too salty which made them difficult to eat. This place is known for their bourbon selection, so we elected to try one of their infused bourbons.  The salted caramel bourbon- I didn't care for it and found the salt in the bourbon to outweigh the sweetness of the caramel.   Our waitress seemed very annoyed with our group and was very short with us.  I expected better customer service from her considering it's her job, the size of our group, and the amount of money we spent.   Overall this was a decent experience and would recommend it.  Be prepared to have to burn off some calories after dining here though!
Had two times breakfast here, both times me and my friend were amazed by the quality and freshness of the food! The location is cool, a nice and laid back atmosphere and super friendly staff.
Overall delicious food and great sweet iced tea. We came here for lunch and it was still busy around 1pm on a Friday (assuming lots of tourists?). We did family style - great way to try numerous dishes. Standouts: - Biscuits (their butter and jam are heavenly) - Fried Chicken (do not leave without trying this) - Mac and Cheese
Great customer service. The Green Tomato BLT is a-mazing! The chicken and watermelon n waffles are very tasty when combined. Chicken isn't as good as it looks but its alright. Everything else was just the bomb! Must go back for that maple bacon donut!!!
Very impressed! Everything was delicious although I wasn't very impressed with the steak that was served with the steak and eggs. It flat out didn't even look very appetizing and was very hard to cut using a steak knife. I will not be ordering that dish again. However all the accompaniments with the dish were great! The bacon... My mouth is still watering. My gf got the chicken and biscuits which were amazing! They come as 2 small biscuit sandwiches drizzled in a honey sauce and it was just perfect. I loved the ambiance, service was fair being it was New Years day and there was a line out the door. Also one of the few places who know how to make a quality sazerac. Keep it up folks!!
Made a reservation for Thursday night and got right in. We were a party of two and had no problems with the wait. Our waitress was super nice and told us everything we needed to know including a heads up about which dishes were big enough to share. We got fancy with the iced teas since they have all kinds of fruit puree mix-ins. We started with the buttermilk biscuits and  it was a head turner. Everyone watched as these biscuits arrived at our table. Now, I was expecting 2 biscuits but we were hit with 4 hefty square biscuits. Needless to say, 2 came home with us. Then came the chicken n' watermelon n'waffles. Moist succulent chicken, sweet refreshing watermelon,  and the best waffles you will have ever had. It was crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and the perfect sweet flavor. There are foods that are good and foods that you will remember till the end of time, and these waffles are will be forever ingrained in my memory. Now, dessert time. My brain was telling me yes, but my stomach was begging me no. As a huge dessert fiend, I am sorry to tell you my friends that  we didn't make it to dessert. We left a comfortable full and I will leave it to the rest of my friends on yelp to regale you of the tales of dessert.
This place is really good, but very crowded!  I highly suggest you make a reservation if you come here.  This is my experience. I did not have a reservation and called at 8pm on a Saturday night to try and get one - the reservation book was closed but they told me I could walk in.  I took a cab from Ocean and put my name on the list.  They told me 45 minutes.  Well....1.5 hours later I was still waiting for a table and then they tried to seat me at a "shared" table!  I resisted and they did finally give me and my partner a private table. I was slightly annoyed, yet buzzed from the delicious drinks I was drinking at the bar (and the bartenders are VERY good here - not like the rest of South Beach - they made amazing cocktails very quickly and the beer selection is great and reasonably priced).  We told our waitress we were mostly interested in the small plates selection and she recommended three great things.  The short ribs meatloaf (OMG to die for), the fried green tomato BLT (so good!), and the chicken and biscuits (yum!), we also ordered a side of mac and cheese. They actually comped one of our dishes because we had to wait so long which really made up for the wait to me - I can't imagine anywhere else in SoBe doing this because you had to wait and they clearly have enough business!  A really awesome thing to do. Overall an EXCELLENT dinner and one of the least expensive we had in Miami.  I highly recommend this place for the food and service.
The fried chicken is their specialty and it was good. Service is excellent. Their portions are huge and I don't recommend it if you are a healthy eater.
This place has some of the best fried chicken. I have always said no restaurants friend chicken can compare yo Roscoes Chicken n Waffle in Los Angeles but this place is up there with them. The watermelon is sweet.
I gave Yard Bird 3 stars instead of 2 because the people I was with enjoyed their meal more than I did. For starters our waitress was nice, but she didn't really seem sincere. To share we got the waffle fries and the macaroni and cheese. The waffle fries were just OK, but the side dipping sauce was very good. The macaroni and cheese was also good, but seemed to lack something. As my main meal I got the farmhouse casserole, which is actually really small. At first bite it was great, but after several bites the sauce in the casserole was too much for me. I wasn't able to completely finish my meal because the sauce was so rich. My friend got the blue plate special and thought it was great. I tried some of the fried chicken and I agreed that it was the best thing any of us ordered. The chicken was cooked perfectly right and was extremely juicy. It was great, but I don't see why it is as special as they make it out to be. My mom got the local catch of the day which was wahoo and kept raving about it. I don't eat fish, so I have to take her word that it was great. For dessert we all shared the s'mores, which I don't even think you can consider s'mores. It was a large jar full of chocolate pudding that had a hint of hazelnut, a chicken shaped graham cracker with sugar on it in the jar, and then 3 tiny pieces of homemade roasted marshmallow on 3 tiny graham crackers. It was a decent dessert, but we kept saying how we wished there was more graham cracker to dip into the pudding, because soon after starting the dessert we were just left with a large jar of pudding. Overall, my companions enjoyed their meals, but I was left wanting more. Not only was the food mediocre, but extremely overpriced for the portion size that you get. I am definitely not running back to Yard Bird and I don't plan on going again unless someone else pays for the meal next time.
Best Southern Food I've ever eaten this was truly and amazing experience for my wife and in laws. Being from NC we know the true meaning of southern food and this place was definitely superior. Our severs Andy from NOLA and Henry from MIAMI they were great very friendly and service oriented. Extremely knowledgeable about the menu and never let our glasses get empty they answered all our questions. We will definitely be back and check out the other places. Peter the operations manager and really friendly was we'll checked up on us and made sure we enjoyed everything.
Great southern food. Bourbon cocktails are phenomenal.
Ok, here's what to order at this place. Start with the fried green tomatoes. Absolutely amazing! I didn't try the fried chicken and biscuit sliders but they looked pretty Damn good. Also the mac and cheese looked delightful but again we didn't try. As an entrée you must have the chicken waffles and watermelon, I think it's the best I've had. Cocktails looked good but we didn't have. Cheers
I have died and gone to heaven. Started with Pear-a-garrett cocktail. House beer with pear liqueur,  bacardi 8 and lemon. For my meal I had the chicken n watermelon n waffles, which consisted of the best fried chicken ive ever had (1/2 bird) waffles complimented w bourbon maple syrup, and the best watermelon ever, which was infused in lemon juice mint, white pepper and cayenne.  10/10/10 if I could give this place 10 stars I would!!!!
To see people standing outside the place while inside is completly packed... this place must be good. Walked in and we were given a table before everybody else around, I was like, "WIN!!" But when I realized we sat in the center between other couples with the tables tooo close to each other, bummed me out. So my trick to ignore the others was to speak in spanish. ;) Other than that, the Menu is different. Serves in sizes instead of appetizer, entry and sides. It is truely a well balanced decision wen it comes to eating the right amount. Make sure you ask the waiters, very helpful and very nice. Favorite Dish was the Mac n/ Cheese. WOW!!!! Derrrricious! And then the Melon and Cheese, a sweet juicy taste. I only wished it brought more than 2 (the plate was $8). Had a good time, I will recommend this place. Great location too.
The food was GREAT. The service was even better. Love the atmosphere. It was pretty packed but there was no wait. My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves. I had the chicken on a Brick with a side of biscuits. He had the fried chicken with a side of watermelon. He also had the fries. Everything was yummy. The food came out promptly.
Fully deserving of 5 stars.  Interesting take on traditional foods and well executed.
Below my high expectations.  Good southern food but not so much southern hospitality.  First, reservations are must.  Second, share the chxn & waffles dish & split an appetizer; portions are huge.  They will try to oversell you.  They do bourbon there but only get it if you're an aficionado.  There are two many choices for the once-in-a-blue-moon bourbon drinker.  Great crowd and ambiance.
This place is the cat's meow!  Don't even bother reading reviews on Yardbird and just go!   So on my 4 day trip to Miami I never would have expected my top dining experience would have been at a Southern style restaurant.  At Yardbird it's more family style entrees where 1 entree would feed 2 people.  We (along with nearly everyone else) got the "Fried Chicken, Waffles, & Watermelon"  ...along with a side of Mac n' Cheese.  IMO some of the best fried chicken I've had, and I'm comparing this to nationally known places like Gus's in Memphis.   Yardbird has a huge bourbon & mixology menu but since we were going to the baseball game that night we wanted to go with beer.  I tried the Big Rod Coconut Ale which was phenomenal & normally I don't do flavored beer.  It was so good that I actually got online later to see if they had distribution back home in St. Louis (FYI, they don't). The atmosphere is definitely more of a gastropub with a little rustic flare & I think the 1st song I heard overhead when we sat down was Midnight Rider by the Allman Brothers.  In other words this place doesn't fall in line with everything else in Miami & that's what also makes it cool.   Last thing I'll say about Yardbird was that the service was really good.  If you're not familiar with South Beach every bar & restaurant includes gratuity (your tip) into the bill so there's no incentive for waitstaff to provide good, or even halfway decent service.  Having said that Yardbird gets props because it was one of the few places we went to that the service was actually good.
AMAZING.  If you come here, YOU MUST order the chicken biscuits, they were one of the best I have had.  The fried chicken was perfect, it melted in your mouth, and it was cooked just right.  The breading had some sort of sweet flavoring to it, it was just damn good.  If you love bourban, the drink menu is the menu for you(I'm not a fan of bourban), and the drinks are STRONG.  If you want an appetizer, order the fries, it is really good!  The mac and cheese was good as well.  I felt fat and pleased after eating here. However if you want dessert, I don't recommend the S'Mores, they come out cold and not good at all.  I guess this restaurant isn't known for dessert, so just come here for the chicken. I would come back here if I'm ever in town.
glad we found this place, will be back some time in the future
One of the best places in Miami Beach.
Amazing southern comfort food.  Being Canadian, we seek out food we can't really find done well in Toronto.  Our friend recommended Yardbird and she was right, it's amazing. We had the fried chicken and cheddar waffles.  At first I thought cheddar waffle sounds weird but it was very subtle and delicious.  The chicken was juicy but not overly greasy or dripping with oil.  We also had an omelette to share.  So many things on the menu we wanted to try.  Next time!  Because we will go back!
I've had a lot of southern food but this place wins for the best. I had the chicken and waffles with a side of mac and cheese. I'm so glad I shared with my boyfriend because the portion sizes here are HUGE and we didn't finish the food. Bar is first come first serve and since there was a 20 minute wait on a Saturday night at 11pm, we ate at the bar. This meal was $60 with tip and tax which is a lot.. but totally worth it. Casual nice place - you can get away in shirt and shorts here.
Awesome time here.  Our service both at the bar while we were waiting and, at our actual table, was excellent.  Almost too excellent, actually.  We were totally amused to watch our waiter go into elaborate, over-the-top stories in response to questions people at the tables would ask.   Another crazy thing about this place:  I clearly Yelp a lot.  However, I never ever write down things about restaurants when I'm there.  I find that kind of rude.  I don't pretend my opinion is important enough to take away from being in the moment by feverishly taking down notes.  However, being on vacation, my husband and I were writing down the suggested bar locations the couple next to us had just told us to visit.  When the food runner brought by our first course, we totally got called out as "writing down stuff to post on Yelp."  I was a bit mortified.  This also reinforced my point to my husband as to why I never write down stuff in restaurants. :) Anyway, cocktails and food were amazing.  We picked, with the help of our fabulous waiter, an assortment of different sized plates to attack, family-style.  Sweet corn soup and mama's biscuits (which come with chicken) were my fav.  Fried green tomato BLT was good, but, I think not as stellar as we had pictured it in our minds. We also had the swine steak frites, and the whole roasted onion.  I was afraid the whole roasted onion was going to be like a bloomin onion at the Outback, but, it was far classier and tastier, I promise.  That was way too much food for two people, which we kind of knew, but, couldn't decide what to cut. We ended up eating some of the BLT on the plane the next day.  Nom. Also, if you have food allergies, don't be shy.  The guy next to us got his own personal menu with dishes circled by the chef that he could eat.
I came for lunch and had Mama's Chicken and Biscuits. They were yummy. I gotta go back and try it again to give this review more love...
Fantastic southern food! The fried chicken is excellent! The food is a bit on the heavy side so ordering a bit less than you think is necessary may be a good idea. Splitting an appetizer and a large share + dessert or a side is perfect for me and my wife. Awesome place!
The food here is excellent!!! We came at around 7pm and the place was packed!!! I love the decor, its like barnyard chic... We were told that all dishes were served family style, we got the fried green tomato and the fried chicken w waffles and watermelon, and my god were they delicious!! I really believe they were the best waffles I ever had in my entire life!!! The seasoning on the fried chicken was perfect and the spiced watermelon added a nice touch to the otherwise heavy fried food.  The portion was just right for 2 people and the price was very reasonable also. The food here is def 5 stars, but our server was just ok.  He did his job but you cant help but feel that he hates working there.  He seemed so insincere, even when he came to ask us how was our food, you can tell he totally did not care what our response would be... But oh well the food def made up for the lackluster service... If you are in the miami area, you must come and try this place!!
Friendly and professional staff. Randy was our server. He's the best! The Bloody Mary's were unique, tasty and creative. The food is made to order and has a southern flare to it. The food was very very delicious. Trendy and upscale-ish place. As a local I will be back very very soon!
this is FUN if you like massive meals and Southern US cuisine. Cocktails good, food good (but almost too much), service good. Book a big table and hang here all evening with your group.
I am not a fan of southern food but this place surpassed my expectations. Food was amazing - fried oysters and deep fried chicken with cheddar waffles.
My wife and I joined 2 other couples at the Yardbird on Sat night, for dinner. I share the opinion of my friends in that the Yardbird is nothing more than a novelty restaurant for the local culture. There is very little about the food that is "southern" including the overpriced shrimp and grits (undersized shrimp and clumps of cheese), undercooked vidalia onion appetizer, and $18 tequila drink. An $18 drink? This is no Delano. The eats are not good old fashioned southern food but the place is definitely good old fashioned robbery. We strongly recommend avoiding this place.
Firstly, my friend's birthday was today. He scheduled a reservation at 9:30. We didn't get seated til 10:45 of which we stood outside in the rain to wait. Secondly, we ordered drinks & it took 17 minutes for them to come for a party of 5 and we didn't get 2 of the drinks to the table. Thirteen more minutes passed and our waiter was no where to be found. We found a waitress passing by and told her we were ready to order and she took our order. Also reminded her we didn't get our drinks and she whipped them out a minute later. Thank god for that woman. We looked around, no one was anywhere to be found but we asked someone walking by for our checks. The Floyd Mayweather fight is tonight and we missed the whole thing. Worst first experience at any restaurant. The food was good though. Thank you chef.
Found this place and chose it based on yelp reviews. 900+ reviews with a 4+ rating was a good bet. Excellent find. Highly recommend. I had never tried "southern food" theme menu. Cannot wait to go back.
A truly great restaurant that knows how to use simple ingredients to concoct surprisingly robust flavors. Of course I had their signature chicken and waffles plate that quite frankly is the best I've ever had. I started with a "kick in the pants" cocktail made of whiskey, puréed mango, jalapeño, and back pepper. I also had the grilled mango and butter lettuce salad. Everything added up to that pleasant feeling one gets only when you've eaten a perfectly satisfying meal.
I give them 5 stars for outstanding food. Especially the feta and the honey butter. Also, i want to give a shout out to the wait staff they are truly on point and fast. The only reservation I have is regarding the price. The food seems over priced to me.
Awesome, unique place!  Appetizers were delicious...drinks were good, and the service was surprisingly good considering it's SoBe!  Would definitely recommend, especially for big parties!
Delicious southern-style food.  Mama's biscuits and the fried chicken and cheddar waffles were my favorite.  Not cheap but it is definitely worth a try at least once.
It is officially time for this Debbie Downer to bump Yardbird up to 4 - yes 4 - stars! Being unimpressed the first time I came here, I was bewildered at all the praise this place gets.  But going back for a second time and allowing Yardbird to work its magic made me realize what all the buzz is about! The brunch here is stupendous! I came here on Easter Sunday, and I absolutely loved it; I like it better than lunch!  The Mac N' Cheese is absolutely, as JJ would say, "DY-NO-MYTE!" (Good Times, anyone... anyone???).  The Chicken Biscuits were really good (a little pricey, but the meat is tasty) and the sauce that comes with them totally adds oomph to the dish! Cheddar Waffle with the Maple Syrup is to die for, and the Blood Orange Mimosa I sipped on was great.  The final touch was the Maple Bacon Donut - wowza, what a monster! Super good, but needed to be warmed up before serving (note to self). The service was on point.  Ximena was our waitress and really knew her stuff.  Not only was she helpful but she was constantly checking up on us (as did the maitre d) and was really patient with the ball 'n chain who was overwhelmed with all the goodness on the menu ( I swear it was like taking a child to eat since he wanted everything!).  I was also really happy that they accommodated my two year old and placed us in an area where we would be able to fit a stroller.  The downside (for those of us with kids) is that there are NO highchairs; I've noticed that none of the 50 Eggs restaurants I've visited have highchairs, which totally blows. Anyhoo, Yardbird, you have finally redeemed yourself in my eyes.  We will be back - and I'm having the Eggs Benedict I was eyeing a couple of tables down! Werd.
Dining solo is something you just have to get used to when traveling for business. The staff at Yardbird were great and never made me feel like a leper for dining alone. Since much of the menu is sharable, my waiter pointed out things that would be good for just one. GET THE CHICKEN BISCUITS. Just do it. Best fried chicken and best biscuits I've had in a long time. And I loved the pepper jelly! I also had the corn, and oh my was it good. Grilled corn + crunchy hominy + cornbread crumbles = yes please! After all that and a cocktail and a half, dessert sounded like a good idea. I got the cherry pie. Delicious, to be sure, but not a knock out like the chicken biscuits or corn. I would come back to Yardbird in a heartbeat, if I find myself in Miami again. Cons The bar is small and packed, and it looked like you couldn't eat at the bar. There's no room to wait. I showed up on time for my reservation but was told it would be about 15 minutes. Since the bar was so packed, I was stuck standing in the cramped entry way The place is crazy loud - there was a friendly table to my right, but I could barely hear them as we chatted, despite the close tables No local beers (or other booze?)
good
This was an extraordinary meal, with excellent service and friendly staff. I can't wait to go back. Truly an enjoyable experience.
The food here is so amazing it should be illegal!  Went for brunch and had the ham and eggs with a side of their famous chicken.  Everything was absolutely perfect.  The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was very cool.  They even have an impressive whiskey selection (I noticed two bottles of Pappy in the collection).  I highly recommend you hit this up if you are in South Beach.
A few blocks west of Washington and Collins, we found the best meal in Miami. Not cheap, but not expensive, the Southern food was great, Service was good without being overbearing, food was indulgent, yet light. Definitely try the fried green tomato BLT.
Closest thing to heaven: Lil' Bit of "Meat Loaf" slow braised short rib, mashed potatoes, chunky housemade tomato jam, smoked onion Bourbon jus, fried okra Second closest thing to heaven: Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken 1/2 Bell & Evans bird, "27-hour" recipe, with savory cheddar & chow chow waffle, spicy Tupelo honey and citrus pepper watermelon Third closest thing to heaven: House Cut Waffle Fries buttermilk dipping sauce, "bacon salt" The lemonade was fresh and delicious, the server was great and attentive despite his new year hangover. Needless to say I will be back!
Admittedly, trying to get a Southerner to drop significant coin on an upscale Southern restaurant is going to go over about as well as a Real Housewife in finishing school, but after all of the hullabaloo, I had to go see what folks were talking about. The verdict: I liked it. Truly. I didn't think I would, judging from the slightly spacey hostess to the downright surly bartenders. Here's a tip: when asking people to open their wallets wide, eye contact, a smile and small talk are always good buffers. You're welcome. In any case, once I ordered a blackberry lemonade (with bourbon and sparkling wine), I began to relax a bit. What the bartenders lacked in social grace (ironic for a Southern-themed resto, no?), they made up for with genuine mixology skill. For a drink that could have been cloying or overbearing, it was neither. Nicely done. After a very short spell, the rest of my party arrived and the table was ready. Even though the place was packed (on a Monday!), I felt as though we had ample seating and the volume level wasn't too our of control. For appetizers, we started with the chicken & biscuits and the deviled eggs. The eggs were just alright. I couldn't help but think they were missing an essential spice. I tasted no 'pop.' The biscuits, however, was sensational. I was predisposed to dislike them because, helllooo, I'm from Kentucky. We have this chicken thing on lock. But the chicken was juicy, flavorful and had an addictive skin. The biscuit melted in my mouth and the pepper jelly complimented both components exceptionally well. I could have made a meal of just this. In great spirits, I prepared to order my dinner and another drink. The wheels almost came off when our waiter, in describing some of the food options, accidentally spit on my lip. I thought I would pass out. I wanted a bio-hazard kit. Seriously. So gross. Other people's fluids... ugh. I want to throw up just thinking about it. I ran to the restroom to scrub my mouth and face. I felt uneasy for the rest of the meal. It's not fault of the restaurant but it is what it is. And what it is is gross. Freaked out but still hungry, I thought a drink my calm me down. I ordered a Southern Peach and my meal. The drink came... but the food did not. Well, food came. The food we ordered did not come. So, in addition to nauseating me, our waiter lacked the ability to put in the correct order or apologize for it. Front of the house people of Yardbird: be grateful for your kitchen staff. Without them, you would not have a job. None of you. Finally, the fried chicken came and it was satisfying. After the chicken and biscuits app, my expectations were very high. The chicken was good but it wasn't the explosion of deliciousness that the app was. I was pleased to see four nice-sized pieces of chicken but couldn't help but think I could go to The Colonel's Lady back home and get something similar for half the price (at least TCL of old; I have no idea if the quality has survived). Even though the menu header ('Fixins') sent me into fits ('Sides' and a pair of shoes will do), I settled on the mac & cheese. Again, it was pleasant and enjoyable but it was nothing I would crave nor anything that I hadn't had better. I enjoyed my time at Yardbird. There are some issues (some serious), but the overall experience is a fun one and those chicken & biscuits (and beverage program) are out of sight. I would go for those alone.
I'm a sista, from Southern Georgia  raised on hard-core deep south southern food. I'm talking collard greens, chitterlings, yams, pigs feet (yup, the bomb!) corn bread, neck bones, smothered pork chops, biscuits, fisn n grits you name it. To compare this chicken to Publix is a joke. This place is the 'it'  period. I usually order the  chicken and waffles, and mac n cheese (been here 4 times) and I've never disappointed with service, portion size, price or taste. Chicken is good considering you're in the south beach area, not the 'hood'. There is great chicken in Miami, but I doubt most folks would venture to Overtown to get it.
Words can not express how good the food is here.  You just have to go and experience it for yourself.  Ordered the fried chicken, shrimp n grits and a macaroni and cheese and a blackberry bourbon lemonade and it was totally amazing. Pro's:   Best fried chicken I've had in my life Con's:  parking (valet) was full, expensive (most expensive fried chicken I've had but worth it. Can't wait to go back)
The chicken was nice and juicy looking and it is most still when tasting. The watermelon on the plate, however,  was a disappointment, not sweet or cool,  totally throws off from the sound of it on the menu. Although the meat was great, it was not the best fried chicken and definitely not worth that price tag. The better price would be to share the chicken and waffles.   If you are on a diet,  this may not be the place for you.
Great place for brunch.  I went last weekend, and they said it was their second week to serve brunch. I was excited to see omelets made with organic eggs, and I got the omelet of the day, with spinach, butternut squash, and just a little swiss.  It came with a small side of fruit and their buttermilk biscuit.  It was a perfect omelet, folded neatly, easy to slice, not dry, not runny, equal portion filling in every bite, not too much cheese.  The fruit was fresh but not exciting.  My biscuit was cold, which was disappointing. Luckily, my brunch mate ordered a side of biscuits, which was a healthy portion (3-4 of them).  Hers were warm, and I enjoyed the Tupelo honey butter and freshly made strawberry jam that went with them.   Beware!  The menu tells you the portions are for sharing, and they're not kidding.  We also ordered the chicken and waffles, which consisted of 5 generous pieces of deliciously battered chicken (they were still good cold) with savory waffles (with tiny bits of scallion inside).  The Bourbon pecan butter was perfect and went well on the biscuits too.   So, for the person who said this place is expensive, I agree that $26 is a lot to pay for chicken and waffles, but given the portion, I must say it was fair. I'd like to go back for the banana bread and pumpkin beignets, and their next organic omelet of the day.  Excellent!
i wanted to hate this place so bad. seriously, i really did. why? because sometimes i take pleasure on hating things everybody else seems to love; like the fuckin iphone for example. i came in for lunch with a co worker recently and i really liked it. since i truly wanted to hate it, i gave it a second chance. thats how much i wanted to hate this place... but this time around i came back by myself and again i really, really liked it. yardbird is in fact a great new addition to south beach! so why did i want to hate this place so bad? well, for same reason i hate the iphone. because its too pretty and well overpriced. but that was just what i thought about yardbird and i was wrong. i guess yardbird could get pricey if you opt for the large/sharing portions, but even chuck e cheese could get pricey if you decide to eat like a fucking pig. both times that ive been here ive opted for sandwiches. the po boy and the smoked pulled chicken sandwich. not what i expected of either but what a pleasant surprise both times. the po boy is huge. its definitely not done in a traditional way but you must try it. great flavors all around. the smoked pulled chicken is not quite as big in size but just as big in flavor. plus, it comes with a side of honey glazed fried chicken skin? oh man! on top of that, they have lots and lots of bourbon and more than a few beers including arrogant bastard on draft and bottled shiner bock, plus they are always playing legendary blues and then the service is nice! do you know when you meet a beautiful, intelligent, down-to-earth gal who then introduces you to her boyfriend and you just wanna hate that motherfucker... but then he turns out to be a super cool guy you could potentially become friends with? well, yardbird is that fucking nice southern guy.
We flew down to Miami for the long weekend.  I've been frequenting Miami for years now and food has always been good.  Having the dining options that are available in NYC, I can't say that food is the first thing on my mind when I head down to Miami but out of the three dinners we had this past weekend, Yardbird was my favorite.  We also tried Michael's Genuine and Tongue and Cheek. We had very late reservations at Yardbird but wanting to see if earlier seating was possible, we took a chance to get a walk in or a bar seat.  Bingo. We sat at a communal table and ordered cocktails.  My husband had their version of the Manhattan.  It was so good he had two of them.  I had the blackberry bourbon cocktail which was great but I was drinking all day at the pool so I refrained from drinking more. Sahismail, our server was great.  He took the time to tell us his favorites and advise us that the Chicken and Dumplings was not a traditional chicken and dumpling dish.  Just as a heads up.  We ordered it knowing this and it was fantastic.  I ordered the fried oysters.  They were so flavorful and succulent. I was so happy that I got it. Sahismail also noted that we may have ordered a bit too much but we were confident we could finish our food having voracious appetites.  He was right.  We couldn't finish. Ha. We ordered the fried chicken with waffles and watermelon, a side of mac and cheese (VERY good) and the corn (nice char). I was disappointed I could not finish the dish but what I was able to finish, it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this to any friends that are going to head down to Miami as well as come back here again. Great job guys!
Overpriced beer in small glasses pales in comparison to the Abbey next door. This place has a nice bourbon bar and makes a decent bloody mary. The food is good and probably some of the best southern food in miami, but also pricey for what it is. That being said, it is always packed.
Came here for a birthday and I must say, I really enjoyed the food. They have a menu full of meals meant to be shared which was really fun for all the couples and friends there to actually agree on what to eat. I shared the fried chicken with a side of fries and mac and cheese and they were excellent. The sauce they have for the fried chicken was my favorite. It was tangy but spicy and perfectly complimented the chicken. The look for the restaurant is interesting because it has a touch of rustic charm but the set up makes it very modern looking. There were some odd hiccups with service. At one point when my glass of water was being refilled, it spilled on the table which is made up of long planks of wood so the water seeped through and I had wet frozen feet for the rest of my meal. I know accidents happen but it would have been nice if the person even apologized or wiped the table but I figure they just didn't notice. Also, we were a large party and when I asked for my check the waitress said she didn't think we would want separate checks and I had to wait an extra half hour to get it. I'm keeping the review at 4 stars because the food was truly delicious.  Go to Yardbird and feel like a southerner even in Miami.
Went last night for a celebratory dinner. Made a reservation for 8:30pm but had to sit outside because the place was absolutely slammed. Got stuck at an extremely small table that barely fit what we ordered, which was kind of an inconvenience. Additionally, the manager that showed us to the table didn't even bring menus with him and it took about 10 minutes to even get a server to acknowledge our presence. Anyways, I did like the outside porch feel to the deck out there, however. Definitely something different in the Deco-land that is South Beach. Anyways,  I absolutely loved the beer and bourbon list. They were both excellent. I ordered the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade, which was pretty good, but it definitely started to lose its kick rather quickly since it was loaded up with ice. For food, we ordered the Southern Edamame, Buttermilk Biscuit, Mac and Cheese, Sweet Tea Brined Ribs and Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken. The Edamame was very, very good. It had a nice bit of sea salt and spicy chili butter. They were very tasty and absolutely perfect. Next, were the biscuits. I really liked them as I am a sucker for buttermilk biscuits and these were very nice and fluffy and also came with jam and honey butter, which went well with the biscuits. Then, it was on to the main dishes. First, came the ribs. The sauce that they were was all over the place and these things were an absolute mess to eat as my napkin got quite a workout. However, I wasn't sure I liked the sauce at first, but the more I ate of it, the more I liked it. I would definitely try them again. Next, the fried chicken came out. I was told that this is their "signature" dish. The breading was a little too dark for my liking and was a little lacking in flavor. I will admit to being a harsh critic on the chicken, however, as I am from the South and am extremely used to and biased towards my Grandmother's fried chicken. The chicken was definitely good, but I'll try something else next time. The best thing I ate all evening, however, was the Mac and Cheese. The dish was a perfect balance of creamy, cheesy, and a nice texture. It was absolutely perfect and was the highlight of the evening for me. I would definitely go back in the future and judging by the business they were receiving, it will be there when I decide to return.
I lived in Austin, TX for a couple of years and I have to say this place is delicious. Yardbird in Miami has very good fried chicken I've had in a while. Everything about this restaurant is great; the look, the atmosphere, the service, and most of all - the food! I've been here by myself and with friends and ordered the House-Smoked Turkey Pastrami Sandwich during lunch and it was insane (side watermelon). I really like that they have an open kitchen, so you can see how much all their chefs enjoy cooking here. This one of the best restaurant in Miami beach, without a doubt.
Great food & service!  Duck, duck, duck is delicious. Suggest ordering to share to try several dishes. I would definitely return.
Listen VERY carefully. Go here but only order the CHICKEN. it's absoluteeeeellllyyy wonderful. No regrets. Don't waste your time on other items, this is what you should go no doubt, no exception. The other side dishes are ok (i.e. mac&cheese, etc) but honestly you are going to thank me for saying this - just get the chicken the others don't matter! PS: Remember to reserve your table through open table - quick and reliable. I never attempted to go without reservations but heard many times that without it its just impossible.
Great place!  Had the fried chicken and spicy watermelon, both were fantastic.  Food came out quickly and the staff was excellent.  I kept a star because they don't have high chairs, or anything for kids.
Absolutely most amazing fried chicken ever!!! The Mac and cheese was perfect. And I'm not a bourbon person but even the drinks were delish!!!
I would just point you to Joseluis's review and be done with it; it echoes my sentiments exactly, and I can't say it any better. Come on, even a total Jeff McInnis fan-girl would have to admit that the hype around this place is/was pretty sickening. This place gets mentioned on Twitter constantly, and it reminds me a bit of being in junior high, when all the chicks were going crazy over this weird Bono guy and this band I'd never heard of called U2. What was so great about them? I didn't want to like them, but as it turned out, "The Joshua Tree" was a halfway-decent album. Given all the hype, crowds, and the fact that I was not crazy about Chef McInnis' last venture, Gigi, I had my knives out and planned to be in picky-Yelp-review mode for today's brunch. Yet, as with most enjoyable meals, I found that all of that just melted away, and I was simply enjoying the company and food. The place disarmed me almost immediately, as I walked in a bit prior to the reservation - the space is airy, attractive and well-lit. I perused the cocktail menu at the bar; a rather handsome bar, showcasing many whiskey bottles and unique rustic country-inspired tap handles for the craft brews on draft. Whiskey is the main theme here, with a fine selection and the fact that all the house cocktails are bourbon-based. I was ready to be a bit critical of this, perhaps hoping for some more diversity within the cocktail menu, but the bar here does an excellent job with those whiskey cocktails. Even if you are not the biggest fan of bourbon, I'd recommend giving one a try, because I can't imagine too many people not enjoying these drinks. I went with the Smoked Pear, a concoction with a smoked pear puree, Woodford Reserve, lemon juice, bitters, sparkling wine and smoked almonds. It was tart and refreshing, a perfect brunch cocktail. I also tried the Watermelon Sling, and the appeal of strong watermelon juice with coconut-vanilla influence of the bourbon and a quivering cucumber fizz on top was difficult to deny. I'd heard some complaints about the food, namely that the biscuits were dry. This seems to have been addressed, and the honey butter and jam that came with them were outstanding. Biscuits and chicken were tasty, though some of this food still does come out a bit too quickly, suggesting liberal use of the holding oven. Grits with cheese and corn, while there were no qualms about the flavor, I'm not entirely sure they nail the consistency here, as they are a bit on the firm side. We also enjoyed the ribeye steak and eggs with potato pancakes, and a nice veggie-friendly quiche - the words "nice" and "quiche" are not two I've ever used together, but here they are, I can't believe I liked a quiche. For my winner, though, I'm picking the braised short rib sandwich. With grilled bread and some pleasingly earthy, flavorful short rib, lightly cheesed with a great tomato jam on the side, this is a sandwich I think I'd want more often than not. Most service hiccups that may have existed when this place first opened seem to have been ironed out. It was mostly courteous and quick, with my only minor quibble being that it took a little while to get an order of drinks in. I'm happy to give credit where due - this is a comfortable spot, and I'll be returning at some point after I run off the caloric damage from this initiation...
What a way to end the trip, honestly the best last meal we all could have had before departing beautiful Miami. We came in for brunch and luckily, as hungry as we may have been, the waiter suggested we share entrees. He said it holds true to real southern cooking and every dish is meant to be share. DO order the Shrimp and Grits and DO order the Fried Chicken and Cheddar Waffles. I'm not a big fan of grits but they load it with shrimp and bacon in this savory peppery sauce that just heightens the flavor (or for me usually grits have no flavor) of the grits. The chicken and waffles were hands down the best I've ever had. The batter wasn't too thick and it contained a lot of seasoning. Accompanied with the watermelon, pickled relish with your cheddar waffle, it was the perfect combination of savory and sweet enough for 2-3 people to share! The Fried Green Tomato with a generous portion of Pork Belly is a great appetizer to add to your meal, alongside with a Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade. If you have room left for dessert, which you must attempt to try to do, order the Mud Pie! When you step in, you definitely feel the southern hospitality. Even the manager came by to wish us well.
I live 1/2 block from Yardbird and could go there any time. Based on the hype, several times some visitors want to go there. I no longer take anybody there. a) the hostess was unfriendly and unreasonable: we were on time for our reservation, they made us wait, eventually a friend had gone to the bathroom (she preferred to go to my place, 1/2 block a way, instead of the restaurant's bathroom) and the hostess wouldn't let us sit, despite our reassurance she'd arrive within minutes. Note that they were late. I asked her to make sure our table was ready, so that as soon as our friend re-turned. Once my friend returned, they made us wait another 20 minutes. No apologies from anybody, just an attitude. b) ok waiter, we went with his recommendations, asked for their top 2-3 dishes by category, and we ended up with just a below-average meal. Luckily those were supposed to be the best dishes ... c) you can find much better southern food elsewhere on the beach: bacon was chewy, their pate just didn't taste right. Chicken was rubbery in texture, was served with only potatoes and rosemary, pretty tasteless, Southern fried chicken with some fries was VERY greasy. For dessert, a posh banofee pie was ok, better than the rest of the meal. One star for the waiter, he was professional and did what he could (given the crappy food they have), and one star for the dessert. That being said, go elsewhere for beter food.
I really wanted to try the chicken and waffles, but I came in on a Friday during Lent and the guilty Catholic in me opted for the kale salad instead.  The salad was really good.  It had cheddar cheese, cornbread croutons (amazing), apples, raisins, and cider vinegar.  I also tried the blackberry bourbon lemonade.  The blackberries blended well the slight tartness of the lemonade.  My friends and I walked quite a bit to get to Yardbird and this drink definitely hit the spot.
This is by far one of my favorite places to eat in Miami! The atmosphere is awesome and the food even better. Service is also top notch. I return to this place every time I am in the city.
We spent the last evening of our vacation at Yardbird and it provided a great ending!! The food was delicious...our waitress, Daniella, walked us through the menu and then recommended Mamas Chicken Biscuits to start and then we shared the Chicken N' Watermelon N'Waffles with a side of mac-n-cheese. Hmm, hmm, good!!  We topped all of that with the best strawberry shortcake I've had in a long time and lemon chess pie. I honestly thought I had died and gone to heaven! The blackberry bourbon lemonade was also a great recommendation that hit the spot. Out of all of the restaurants we visited last week, Yardbird offered the perfect mix of food, service and atmosphere. The music was good and the staff was very attentive. It's probably a good thing that I don't live in Miami because I would be there all the time. We will definitely visit again. On a side note - tough time finding parking, but the experience was well worth the price of valet.
So disappointing, after reading all the hype especially with slim pickins to begin with in SoBe I had high expectations. Sat at the bar, the bartender kinda young but sweet, put the wrong order in on the app but I was in no hurry. First up: fried green tomatoes, looked great but so bland with an un-needed tomato paste on top. Second, chicken biscuits, so dry and so bland but again looked so good. I looked around the room to see if the chef was catering to the crowd of typical Americans = no spice, and that is exactly what most restaurants cater to in Florida. I had a superb meal at Blue Collar, blows this place and Pride & Joy far far away. Good luck. From a NY foodie.
Awesome atmosphere and a great spot away from busy Lincoln ave. Fried green tomato BLT & Deviled eggs are a must try. The Sunday chicken was busted with flavors and was extremely savory. The stuffing under the skin was very flavorful and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Easily enough to share for up to 4-6 people depending on how hungry your group us. Lots of side options to pair well with your meal. Friendly service was a plus too!
Short and sweet: This place is hands down amazing. Some of the best service I have ever experienced. We ordered a number of different dishes to try (fried green tomatoes, watermelon and cheese app, chicken and biscuits, the farm salad...)  and every bite was incredible! They have a small craft beer selection and if you are not familiar with what they offer the server will allow you to try before you buy. Our waiter was on point with his suggestions for beer and food. Side note but worth mentioning, they will text you when your table is ready so you don't have to linger awkwardly on the side walk outside. Highly suggest checking this place out. Definitely worth the hype!
OH LAWD this place is good. I can't imagine any place where you can get so many spot on Southern dishes all at once (except maybe some charity bake sale or cook-off where a bunch of old-ladies bust out their secret recipes in a quest for eternal glory).   Jeff McInnis created the quintessential southern restaurant in Yardbird, and showed some true southern hospitality by stopping by our table to say hello and have a chat.   My friend asked our server for a spicy bourbon cocktail that she'd tried before that isn't on the regular menu, and the bartender was happy to make a couple of rounds for us.   I knew this place would earn a special place in my heart when the server brought out seasoned boiled peanuts...just like the ones my dad used to buy me off the side of the road when I was a kid.   Watermelon & Chicken & Waffles = is the father, son and holy ghost of southern food...add stone-ground cheese grits, buttermilk biscuits, Brussels sprouts with green apples, fried-green tomato BLT, and finally some meatloaf (braised over mashed potatoes and gravy)... and you'll need to loosen your bible-belt if you have any hope of saving room for a sinful dessert- I didn't make it that far.   The impeccable service and understated elegance of this restaurant bring some Charleston charm a little farther south to Miami Beach.
Delicious! But get ready for huge portions. Although I am a big eater I could not finish the plates. May be it is because it is hard to eat fried chickens and this is the only negative side of this meal. It is not a fine dining restaurant but kind of bar. Duck duck duck (3/5) Fried chicken (5/5) Chicken & watermelon & waffles (5/5) Mac & cheese (5/5) Hint: Fried chicken and the other chicken & watermelon thing have the same chicken so order only one.
Went for brunch. Fucking delicious. That's all that needs to be said.
Lets just say we didn't make it out after dinner. The soul food touched our soul to the deepest depths. The service was personal friendly and informative. The food was finger licking good. The ambience was able to combine classic elegance with a casual home stye feel. We started with the pickle jar which was so delicious and included a variety of pickled veggies. The frog legs were better than wings, and I never eat fried chicken (gotta watch that figure) but this "27 hour" cooked fried chicken was worth every calorie. And don't get me started about the dessert. The key lime donuts and the butterscotch bacon cake...I don't think this kind of dessert should be available to the world. Will be back for dinner as soon as I run off these calories. Worth every one of them.
Came here a year ago and had one of my most memorable meals in Miami. Fast forward a year later and the service, food and vibe were just meh. Not sure if I came on an offsite, but clearly something's missing from their opening days.
Amazing place, and I highly recommend Yardbird to all who are interested in a delicious meal, fun drinks and great service. Although the price indicates $$$, I think that's only because the drinks are so good, you have to order more than one. :) I came here for dinner, but I heard that the Sunday brunch is the way to go. There is a variety of seating from tables, bar area and the outside patio. Our server was Tomas, and he was BOMB.com. Very sweet, helpful with the menu and attentive to our needs. Everything that came with dinner was delicious. I had the watermelon cocktail and the kentucky mule, and got the chance to try the chicken and biscuits, mango and butter lettuce salad and finished off with the shrimp and grits. Everything was delicious, and I wish I wasn't so full that I got to try the dessert. Of all the things, I highly recommend the shrimp and grits; grits were fluffy and not too heavy and the shrimps were very flavorful. I like to think of myself as a shrimp & grits connoisseur. Oh, and Pharrell was there!
The service and hospitality is exemplary. Brunch is a great option if you want something simple.
Best eats in South Beach! I'm a bit of a foodie and had to visit Yardbird twice (brunch and dinner) during my Miami Beach trip with my wife. We loved every morsel set on the table. I will advise anyone that portions are medium to large - meant for sharing, so don't go overboard ordering. We had the BEST beacon of our lives for brunch, unlike anything you've had before. The bacon is savory, crunchy and chewy slices of pork belly - not strips. Their buttermilk biscuits will lead you to gluttony so come prepared with stretchy clothing : ) Watermelon whiskey drink was so refreshing I had it twice. Salmon and capers omelet for two was great. Now to dinner! We had the famous chicken and waffles to share. Huge portions of fried chicken - the best I've ever had, along with waffles covered in an apple and butter sauce. Sides included a sweet/spicy hot sauce, maple syrup and chucks of watermelon/herb. This place is a really great deal and the atmosphere is similar to farm-to-table restaurants like Founding Farmers in DC. The large portions are great for sharing and allow you to try several tasty appetizers. Enjoy!
My family, friends, and I have been loyal to Yard Bird since it's opening day but will not be going back any time soon. The food is good and people have always been happy with it. I do not eat meat so my options have been limited, but that is obviously to be expected. Recently, my family and I visited for my Mom's Birthday and were appalled and embarrassed by their incredibly cheap and tacky "Birthday surprise." When the waitress came to sing happy birthday, they brought a plate with chocolate syrup writing on it with no desert! It was quite embarrassing as we would have been happy to pay for whatever Birthday desert they brought out, but instead we got this tasteless and cheap gesture! If you're going to wish people a Happy Birthday, it would be nice to actually put some effort into it instead of giving loyal customers a cheap empty plate! Very happy with the restaurant until recently!
Great food and cocktail menu. The place was crowded, like they tried to cram too many tables in a small space. It is hard to walk around and the restrooms had lines. That said, that is about all the bad. Food was great, the friend chicken and cheese waffle were amazing. Some of the best chicken I have ever had and the tabasco honey sauce on the side was amazing! The drink list was nice also, lots of bourbon and a really good old fashioned. I am a beer guy, and they have about 10 good micro taps, and some micro bottles. I would recommend this to anyone if you want to get away from the typical Miami Beach scene.
Points for being a new neighborhood joint that's within walking distance from home! More points for being the only bar/resto serving up a great selection of Bourbons and super delicious Bourbon cocktails (the Blackberry Lemonade is a fave). And lots of points for having some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. Decor is fun, branding is great! and the vibe is positive. Went with a big birthday party group- so we all sampled most of the menu- my faves were the fried chicken and the fixins (the watermelon is so so delish!), the fried green tomato BLT, the chicken biscuits, the biscuits! (oh my!) and Jeff's famous short rib meatloaf (see Gigi). But I was disappointed with the sides. The brussel sprouts were meh, the mac and cheese a little too velveeta-ish and the waffle fries were more like waffle fry pieces...but I would definitely go back for the fried chicken. It really is insanely good. Most fried chicken I have had seems to only hold flavor in the breading- leaving the chicken kinda boring and well, tasting like plain old chicken. But Yardbird's chicken's flavor is throughout. It makes a huge difference. Just wish they had my southern faves including fried Okra, Collard Greens and Black Eyed Peas!
We had brunch at the Yardbird and it was a great experience. We had the biscuit with pepper jam and fried chicken, the goat cheese ham arugula omlette, and peach waffles. The food was delicious, and the only reason why I would not give five stars was because I felt the space was alittle crowded.
Completely underwhelmed. Everything was pretty bad, except for the great service. Bad food, bad music, bad ambiance. I've had better chicken at KFC. While everything was terrible (except for the service), the thing I hated the most was the unbalanced plate. I got the "signature" fried chicken, watermelon and waffles dish. Terrible. There was no break from the salty/savory flavors. Need a break from the salty, greasy chicken? Nothing but salty watermelon and a waffle slathered in metallic-tasting cheese. The salted watermelon was just an insult, and the huge pieces of mint on it were repulsing and nauseating. The next week I went to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Inglewood, California for some chicken and waffles DONE RIGHT. Sweet waffles and chicken that was not slimy and greasy on the inside. Yardbird was a huge disappointment. I will never go back.
Came here with a group of people on a Saturday night at 6pm and it wasn't that crowded yet. By the time we were done with our meal around 7:30, it was PACKED. I ordered the fried chicken with waffles and watermelon ($34). It was seasoned well and was very juicy, but I wish the chicken would have been crispier. Our server was fantastic and overall we all had a good time.
Don't get me wrong: we enjoyed our experience here...the place was super-hopping and the service was absolutely exceptional. "The fried chicken is a must-order!"....is what I was told by a friend. And it was good, no doubt about it...but here in Toronto of all places, I know where to find a much better fried bird (Harlem; Stockyards) so by comparison, Yardbird was four stars instead of five. The shrimp and grits was also a tasty dish, but far from fabulous. All in all, this is a guaranteed fun/upbeat spot in Miami...but for my tastes the southern cuisine needs just a little fine-tuning.
Great food! The rustic decor gives it a warm, casual vibe. I had some kind of a salad and was more  than happy with what I ordered. The bar tender was very friendly and knowledgeable, but they probably could have had more waiters on staff, it took us over an hour to be seated.
If you've ever found yourself watching way too many reruns of Home Cooking with Paula Dean and have felt that there is no other way of satisfying your cravings than to magically jump through your TV, I've just saved you from having to buy a brand new flat screen. Mosey on down to Yardbird and enjoy a really fun take on some good old southern cooking. Yardbird is located a block off of Lincoln Road on 16th and Lennox. Even though it's only one block away from the madness, it does seem like a quaint spot on the beach to enjoy a nice dinner. Ambiance Unlike many other places on the beach, this restaurant is quite spacious and the layout works really well. There is a regular dining area with tables and a few large booths, some large high tops, and a bar. Outdoor seating on the patio is also available which is always a welcome option when you are on the beach. I also loved to see that they had an open kitchen. This allows you to see the chefs hard at work preparing the delicious meals. Many of the fresh ingredients are on display as well. I also really enjoyed the art work on the walls that were accompanied by different sayings. The Food I absolutely loved everything that I ordered here. I had the bacon waffle fries with buttermilk sauce, short rib meatloaf, fried chicken & biscuits, and the mac & cheese. The chicken and biscuits were the first to come out and they were delicious. The biscuit was warm and pillowy just as you'd expect, the chicken was crunchy and very well seasoned, and the pepper jelly gave it a great flavor. The short rib meatloaf was also very tasty but didn't blow me away like all of the other items did. However, it was still very good and the mashed potatoes were great. Speaking of being blown away, the simplest thing I ordered happened to make the biggest impression on me. I fell in love with the bacon waffle fries. They are extremely addicting and are pretty much meant to be dipped into that buttermilk sauce. Now on to the the mac & cheese. I never thought that I'd enjoy a mac & cheese as much as the one from Prime One Twelve or Prime Italian, but this one is just as good albeit completely different. I also loved the iron casserole dish that they served it in with the bird on top. I love when restaurants add small touches like that. For people like me that eat out a lot, that makes all the difference in the world. For dessert I ordered the milk and cookies. This dessert was phenomenal. The milk was infused with chocolate and mint. It was quite difference and very tasty. This dessert came with three types of cookies. Two chocolate chip, two oatmeal, and one moon pie. The chocolate chip and oatmeal were both good but the moon pie was out of this world. Do yourself a favor and just order extra moon pies. You will not regret it! The service I got here fairly late at night and the service was still spot on. The waiter did a great job of explaining the menu and served up plenty of recommendations. One of them being the blackberry bourbon lemonade which is one of many bourbon based cocktails that they offer. He also recommended the moon pie which was a hit as well. I would definitely recommend anyone who would like to try an interesting take on southern comfort food to give Yardbird a try. It quickly jumped up to being one of my favorite new restaurants in Miami. I definitely see myself coming here quite a few times in the near future.
Yardbird is one of my favorite restaurants. Hands down! Everything I've had has been GREAT! You must try the biscuits with their homemade jam and butter, their Mac and cheese is amazing, the butter grilled and mango salad is also really good! And as far as drinks go if you're looking for something non alcoholic the passion fruit lemonade is really good as well. And if you want alcohol the blackberry bourbon lemonade is one of their best signature cocktails. I love this place, and the service might even be better than the food!
it was recommended by the receptionist at Cambria Suites where we stayed for the trip. Amazing food. great taste and blend of flavors. it was so delightful. the service was incredible. Mango salad was amazingly tasty.
Had the bone marrow, chicken and waffles, macaroni and cheese.  Wish I would have saved room for dessert! The service was decent as well. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting South Beach!
Awesome!  We had the Fried Green Tomato BLT and Chicken Biscuits.  Sooo good, but too much food for the two if us!  Did I really say that? Excellent table service.  Love the decor...very comfy for a nice southern meal.  OMGs and Yums were heard from every table around us!   You gotta go!
Good food, good drinks, awesome decor, really high prices, pretentious - basically what you'd expect from lincoln road. You're going to spend a ton of money on a little bit of really good food.
Went to Yardbird for my usual lunch on Tuesdays and sat at the bar. Ordered the usual, blue plate and southern revival. What was not so usual this time is our bartender with a charming North Carolina accent, offered us their homemade HONEY butter with hot sauce (mouth still watering).  I've been coming here for a while and that was the 1st time I was offered these delicious homemade condiments!!! Going back to the bar next week for more chicken, biscuits and honey butter with hot sauce... Southern revivalist!
F-ing amazing is all I can say about Yardbird. Definitely will be my go-to while in Miami. 100% my favorite place on the island. I was here with coworkers while traveling for business, and we each were planning to order the chicken and waffles (4 of us). Thank baby Jesus our waiter said HOLD UP and made us order only 2 plates, as these portions are gigantic! Chicken and waffles are where it's at people. And sides...lots of sides. Love Yardbird! The worst thing about it was a Jonathan Cheban sighting while we were eating...can you say d-bag??
So glad I wondered in to the Yardbird. The streets were flooded and I just happened to be stranded on that block. Surprisingly the Yardbird was still packed on this rainy Saturday afternoon. Right away, I loved the Southern decor. From the bourbon artwork to the photos of Johnny Cash in the restroom, this place was right up my alley. I ordered a good beer and my wife got a white whiskey and watermelon.  Her drink was photo worthy, garnished with a watermelon slice. For our meals, we kept it simple, my wife got a wedge salad and I got chicken biscuits. The other fried chicken dishes on the menu were a lot of food and I wasn't that hungry. When the food arrived, they were plated perfectly. Those chicken biscuits, Wow! They were delicious. I don't eat a lot of fried chicken, but I imagine this is what fried chicken would taste like in heaven. My only regret with this restaurant is that I was only here on vacation and won't be able to come back anytime soon. This is the type of restaurant I would expect to see on the food network.
Oh my word. Lunch on a business trip, in town from Texas. Walked right in (the place was half full) and were presented with the menu. Their sweet tea is the first decent sweet tea I've had in Miami, but sweet tea is designed to be served strong while still warm in a glass full of ice, and then poured liberally. I don't know if they'd charge for a refill, but I assumed not because there was probably three cubes of ice still in the tea when I got it. They got the warm part right, but the waitstaff couldn't get their heads around the idea of filling the glass with ice and then pouring the warm tea over the ice. One caution: You do not necessarily want to order your meal by the plate -- one of the 'small sides' will be quite enough for one person to eat, especially for lunch. If you order the larger plates, plan to share them, as portion sizes are ridiculously southern "everything is bigger in Texas" they're-really-honestly-literally-not-kidding-­bless-your-heart HUGE. They warn you about this while you're ordering, and you should heed their advice. That beings said, I ordered the sweet tea ribs for myself, and planned on taking some back to the mini fridge. They were marinated in sweet tea, cooked properly until the meat falls off the bone, and then doused extremely liberally in a sweet chile sauce somewhat reminiscent of a mild sriacha. It's not your usual Southern BBQ sauce -- it's more asian inspired. They were delicious. I ate the entire plate of ribs. The. Entire. Plate. It was at least a full rack. The ribs I ate could probably have fed a family of four. I didn't eat a thing for a day and a half afterwards -- skipped dinner, the next day's breakfast, and just nibbled at lunch. After leaving the restaurant, I couldn't sit up straight in a chair for at least three hours. But it was SO WORTH IT, in bold block capital letters with a whole bunch of exclamation points.
Awesome. Just go and try it for yourself. Southern food, Miami style. Welcome to the neighborhood!
We had a fantastic dinner at Yardbird. First time but would absolutely come back next time I'm in SoBe. We were about 45 min late for our reservation but got a table pretty quickly probably b/c it was a monday night. Hands down the best fried chicken (super moist, light and crispy) and the shrimp and grits were also very good. Wish I could go back there to try everything on the menu as it all looked very amazing. I appreciated the decor which was modern / hip and not too casual down-homey.
SELF INDULGENCE If you can't afford to put grocery on the table, this restaurant may not be the place for you to wine and dine. Why do I say that?  "Old School" fried chicken (half a bird) and waffle with seasoned watermelon for only $36. Maple bar donut topped with a slice of bacon for only $9. Doesn't this all sound insane?  Tell that to the daily thousand diners who must indulge and satisfy their hunger for the ultimate Miami Beach fried chicken. Hey Las Vegas.... Yardbird Southern Table & Bar is negotiating with the Venetian. Start saving your quarters now. The meal was so filling and tasty I did not even give it a second thought that I just paid $36 for1/2 a fried chicken.
Magical food!!!  And the service is impeccable.  Dinner is delicious.  The shrimp and grits is perfect.  The cheddar cheese waffle is to die for.  The drinks are one of a kind.
The food was spectacular Our waitress Stephanie was amazing. Very informative. My husband had delicious fries chicken and I had gluten free salsbury steak. The fries with ranch bacon sauce were to die die for. The drinks are delicious. Listen to your waitress/waitor I had a white whiskey with watermelon and he had a something confederate. Awesome. Just ask for a manly glass. Lol
Eh, maybe I'm spoiled living in the South, but hearing everyone rave about how great Yardbird is, I had to check it out on my trip to Miami. Maybe this place is special for Miami, but around where I live, you can get fried chicken, biscuits, and bourbon that is just as good for a lot less cash and with better service. I have a bit of a cultural and ethical problem with paying $35 for fried chicken, waffles, and watermelon when my grandmother would make the same thing after church on Sunday. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. The housemade pickles on the chicken n biscuits were perfect, and the ratio of breading and crispness to meat on the fried chicken was delicious. But I didn't think it was the greatest thing ever. Honestly, both my husband and I agreed that our favorite parts of the dinner were a) our cocktails and b) dessert (a kind of peach ice cream crisp thing that was the closest I've ever had to my grandma's peach ice cream recipe). Be warned - our server tried to tell us that the entrees were "normal entree sized" but they are not. They're huge. My husband and I can put down some food, and we were full ordering an appetizer (Chicken n Biscuits) and the Fried chicken/waffle/watermelon plate and a dessert. The couple next to us (and they were so close to us we could have eaten off of their plates) ordered appetizers, sides, and two entrees and were drowning in food. The service was (as we came to discover) typical South Beach - kind of all over the place. When we sat down, our server didn't even ask us if we wanted something to drink; he just launched into the menu. Then he would disappear for chunks of time. I imagine the chef is very talented, but Yardbird did not impress me.
Amazing place!  Starts with the host - pleasant, friendly (in a non-fake sort of way), helpful.  Staff:  awesome, knows the menu super well and provides amazing service!  Food: Excellent!!!  Mac & Cheese, Grits, Fried Green Tomatoes, Ribs, Fried Chicken, dessert...all awesome.  Dessert was not too overly sweet...was able to distinguish the flavors of the ingredients vs just taste sugar...as is often the case.   Drinks were fabulous.  Atmosphere is wonderful.  Will go back there again - would go weekly, if I could!
If you visit Miami and don't come to Yardbird, you're doing it wrong. This is as good as it gets. I've had three meals here, both lunch and dinner, and I've yet to have a bad bite. Don't miss the chicken biscuits -- they're unreal. That said, I could probably say that about just about everything on the menu.
The chicken liver is awesome! The small bites - chicken and biscuits perfect for a small piece if fried heaven. I went to this place on a local recommendation. Great atmosphere.server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu- meaning he had an opinion.
Southern charm finally hits South Beach at Yardbird Southern Table-- now we just need Southern-style portions and we'll be the happiest kids in town! For full review story with photos check out MangiaMemoirs.com Tony and I merrily sipped our cocktails, as our eyes moved from one piece of their Southern decor to the next.  It was like being kids in a candy store.  Every single glass, light fixture, tables-cape was part of their intricately designed creative staging for the restaurant.   Kudos to the peeps that implemented that. All of the attention to detail really created an atmosphere, rather than just decor. My personal decor favorites: -The bar tap handles.  J'adore!  They were rustic items like a fork, knife, hammer, etc. -The lightbulbs covered with glass jars -The chicken-wire in the storage cabinets by the bar -The tiny flip-top glass containers and glasses they used to store their fresh herbs at the bar -The canning jars filled with actual fruits and veggies along the walls -BONUS - try to find the bathroom... there is no door handle, just a blank wall (see photo) THE VERDICT: 4.5 out of 5 stars FOOD: awesome flavors, lots of options, great menu.  Now the UGLY - though this mama loooves the whole concept of "Family Style/Southern style sharing", their take at this time is very misleading.  The portions, both the "small shares" and the "big shares"  were way too small (especially for the price).  Upon recommendation of the waitstaff and explanation of the menu, we definitely didn't order enough for our hearty appetites.  May just be because we have roots in Ohio and have lived in the South, but when a restaurant says "fit for sharing", we expect sharing size portions and not tapas styles "sharing".  I think we would have been fine with it, if our expectations weren't BIG. SERVICE: bar service was great! waiter was fine. chef came out and apologized for the wait on our brussels sprouts, and gave us the cracklins which was a super plus.  hostess was courteous, but something was off -- we waited well over 2 hours, while other people that came in after us (without reservations) got seated before us.  Luckily we weren't in a rush and not in a pissy mood. AMBIANCE: perfect. Rustic atmosphere, but still clean and put together. Items Ordered: (get comfortable, this is gonna take a while!) Drinks -Run Passion Run - AMAZING if you like savory/salty. Still a nice amount of sweet, but it has a kick (Sriracha hot sauce in it!) -Smoked Pear - smoky little piece of heaven -Porkchop - good, but way sweeter than I was expecting.  With a name like Porkchop, I was expecting something heartier Southern Peach - light & refreshing Food -Fried Green Tomato BLT - delicious, wish there was more. -Brussels Sprout Leaves - to die for. give them to me now. -Shrimp 'N Grits - creamy, savory, perfect texture and shrimp with a nice bite to them - not overcooked -Mama's Chicken Biscuits - we loved you, but there wasn't enough! Farmhouse Casserole - good flavor, but if I had to choose, this would be my least fave.  Probably because there is no meat! Other -Boiled peanuts (on the house) - a nice touch.  very meaty and well flavored. -Pork cracklin's (on the house) - naughty and amazing. we tried to figure out what the distinct citrusy/vinegary flavor was on top, but to no avail.
This establishment is top notch! Can't wait to come back.
Food was good. Shrimp and grits outstanding. Fried Chicken good but not great. Disappointed in service, felt rushed.
A must try Had 2 orders of Mama's Chicken Biscuits and Cinnamon Apple Hand Pies (Hand made butter apple turnovers)
Where do I begin at the bar service is fast and had a friendly staff orange juice was fresh and tasted amazing with pulp. We walked in with no reservation wait time was 30 min and within 5 min of waiting although they were busy they had a table ready for us. Carlos our server was great made sure everything was on point and welcomed me for the first time there he recommended the chicken biscuits for a appetizer and I would recommend the same it was delicious especially with the sweet pickles then the food that followed was the chicken watermelon waffles and a side of Mac and cheese was amazing as well overwhelmed with the amount of food that was displayed with the order great portions! To top it off the sweet tea was just as great as the food was   I would most definitely recommend this to any local or some one in town for a few days you guys won over a new customer and will be back for more!
This is definitely an amazing place and the absolute perfect place for a birthday dinner. Dinner is served family style and meant to be shared. We were a group of 9 and they were very accommodating with us. The southern style food comes out as its ready- and dish after dish kept getting better and better. The chicken and waffles is a must- and don't pass up on the  meatloaf. Pimento jar is a perfect starter dish while you decide what to order. Great beer, wine and drink selection. And most importantly great southern hospitality to go with the southern good eating. And my last two thumbs up goes to the bathrooms. I believe the TLC that goes into a restaurant speaks volumes based on how much time they put into their bathroom.... Just like the rest of the restaurant it has a polished rustic and modern vibe to it! I heart this place... And I am one happy birthday girl because of it!
Who said you couldn't get hella good southern style cuisine in Miami? Obviously that person has never been to this place! It was love at first bite! (Shrimp and grits - my favorite!)
Great food! Great atmosphere!
Hmmm I was dissapointed yet impressed by this restaurant. What I liked about it is that they managed to serve you Chicken & Waffles in a upscale restaurant and got you to pay the price as if you were eating rib-eye, because it was so good that you didn't pay attention to the price, also, the combination with watermelon... Yummy! Service was excellent!!! From hostes to waitress all very friendly amd honest!!! I loved it most of all!!! Now, when I walk into a Southern Table, I expect more southern style than this... So I was dissapointed by the ambience, price and portions... The ribs were ok, no chicken wings in the menu, beef tartar was a snack size... My case: I stay with tje chicken and waffle lol The whole idea is good, i gues is just not for me.
Boy this place has gone down hill faster than Shaun White can make it down the half pipe. Portions have been cut in half since my last brunch here. There's nothing "Big Ol'" about the waffle any more. For $15 you get a totally unspectacular plain white waffle with a couple of strawberries and a little bourbon syrup in a shot glass. Are you kidding me? How is that designed for sharing, it hardly even filled me up and I weigh 125 lbs! The so called "large shares" are not even close to being big enough to be shared, unless each person orders a minimum of two, then you're looking at $30+ for brunch. Totally overpriced. The menu is repetitive, the common theme is biscuits, bacon, cheese and fried chicken, in different executions. Service is still bad, I never got a single refill on my coffee or water and to top it off they slap a hefty tip and resort tax on your check. Not only will I not be back, I am also de-bookmarking their new venture "Swine".
First time visiting Yardbird; it won't be my last. No reservation, but we walked in at 6 pm and they were able to accommodate us. SERVICE - could not have been more hospitable. Attentive without being smothering. Our server really new the menu, and gave us some great suggestions. FOOD 1. Fried Green Tomato BLT - our server told us to try the components individually, then together. Together, the flavors evoked a classic BLT, albeit one made using a crisp fried green tomato, soft pimento cheese, and flavorful pork belly. 2. Butter Lettuce & Grilled Mango Salad - very good. The benne seed vinaigrette tasted like freshly roasted sesame seeds. Salad was well dressed and the grilled mango gave it a little bit of sweetness 3. Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken - The chicken; oh man, the chicken. Super crisp skin with tender and juicy meat. Perfectly seasoned. We opted to add the waffles and watermelon salad. The watermelon was quite refreshing. Not too sweet. The waffles were delicious. Just ask for some of the regular maple syrup in lieu of the bourbon syrup. 4. Buttermilk Biscuits - crunchy on the outside and fall apart tender on the inside. The honey butter and house made jam were a great touch. This was a truly great experience. We will definitely be back!
Great drinks, great atmosphere, and great food. The Whiskey cocktails and Charcuterie are a must.
Cannot rave enough about this place! Incredible service and incredible food. Had the warm brussel sprout salad, which had fresh pears, pomegranate seeds, and mandarin oranges throughout. Then had the "Chicken n watermelon n waffles" to share. This may have been the best fried chicken I've ever had bc it was super juicy and didn't have a thick fried outside. The cheddar waffles were also insane. Had a bourbon blueberry lemonade to drink, which came presented in a mason jar. For dessert we had a slice (basically a quarter of an entire pie) of Mississippi mud pie. Holy hell was this good. Also described by the waitress as obnoxiously chocolatey, and was exactly as advertised. The entire decor was perfect, big wooden tables and chalkboard walls with funny quotes about bacon and fried food. Even the bathrooms had the same decor with rolling pin door handles. Loved this place and wish I could bring it home to NYC! (Btw we accidentally came on the wrong night but they switched our reservation for us and sat us immediately.)
Amazing food and great, quick, attentive service! Contemplating going again tomorrow for brunch!
tl;dr: veryyyy pricey (aka not sure if food was worth the price), but great atmosphere and excellent & tasty drink selection! I went here for a friend's birthday lunch and we all got a wide variety of drinks (beers, cocktails, etc). Every drink that I tasted was phenomenal (a little pricey, but I think worth it). The drinks weren't incredibly strong, but they make up for it in sheer flavor. As far as food, most of us ordered either the chicken and waffles (apparently a "must-have" here) or the chicken biscuits. Although my chicken and waffles were alright, I didn't really understand the appeal...especially for $36. It was definitely a little too pricey (hence the 4 stars) for some fried chicken. The portion sizes are hefty, so I would recommend doing family-style here. Otherwise, the service was great and atmosphere is fun. I'll probably come back and try something on their menu a little more budget-friendly (which is hard to find) next time.
Yes. Yes. HELL YES! This restaurant is like any other restaurant in South Florida. Any. I had the pleasure of attending a private luncheon with part owner/executive chef/menu creator Jeff McGinnis. This was my first time visiting YardBird. We were fed a corn soup with a sea scallop in the middle, pheasant salad, fried chicken, cheddar waffles with green tomato chutney on top,. watermelon spiced salad and a blueberry crumble to finish it off. Everything was killer! Talk about unique! Incredible southern food. The restaurant has a lovely background story and Jeff was extremely humble and kind. I have been trying to go back since. Only downside is that the food is fattening. :( But that comes with the territory. Almost forgot about the freaking absolutely amazing shrimp and grits!!! Also remembered another downside, it is impossible to choose from this menu. About 80% of the menu is a must try! When you go, bring a lot of people with a big appetite and just try everything.
Simply put this is some of the best food I have had in Miami. I don't think there was single dish I did not love. The fried oysters were amazing. The fried green tomato BLT was surprisingly unique with the unique thick bacon slice. The bacon fries were tasty and the buttermilk dipping sauce was heart attack inducing but worth every bite. I tried my friends' bourbon specialty drinks and they said they were good, I just don't like the taste of bourbon. The waiters were friendly and happily made suggestions on the menu. The only downside is that it is an expensive place, I guess the next time I come is on my parents' dime :/
i liked the rustic decor of the place. the service was good for south beach. food was a little bit on the heavy side, but had good flavor. i'd go back just for the fried chicken and biscuits.
This was possibly the best southern food I have eaten. It was very good. We order the appetizer fried green tomato with duck and the mac and cheese, half fried chicken and fried pickles. The chicken was very juicy but it was fried extra darker than usual. The duck was awesome I wish I lived there so I can have it more often and the asiago cheese topped it off.So good!
We wanted to try everything when we got here... But here's the breakdown: Blackberry bourbon lemonade- I'm not a bourbon drinking but this was pretty good. Biscuits- oh the buttery goodness! Plus the homemade strawberry jam... Amazing! Fried chicken- of course! It was very good! Very juicy, very tasty! And not crazy breaded just how my husband likes it. It comes with a honey hot sauce which was good almost makes it like a really good hot wing but I think gravy would make it much better! Macaroni and cheese- it comes with 5 cheeses but the cheddar was overpowering that it tastes pretty basic to me. Eggs & bacon- gotta try the basics, ya know... I was amazed when I saw the bacon... It was pork belly slices.. Hella thick which looked really cool but after eating realized that the appeal of bacon is kinda gone when it's that thick... It lost the nice crunch and all. But all in all the meal was great... Was thinking of going back tomorrow but we figured we should give other places a chance.
The food is so delicious here. The fried chicken and waffles is my favorite! It's crispy and delicious without being heavy and greasy. Be sure to get an order (or two) of the biscuits. They are to die for. Sometimes there can be a long wait and parking can be difficult. I've actually been there and valet was full.
Went here on July 12th....the fried chicken is definitely the attraction.  The pickled veggies were awesome as well.  Had the Mac n cheese and it was too sharp for me.  But the chicken and biscuits with pepper jelly was yummy.  I would def return and try a slew of other items on the menu!!!
Try the Fried Chicken...
There are barely words for this place...amazing food...great service...delicious cocktails...well conceived decor...definitely one of the best places I've eaten in Miami. If you love southern food then Miami is somewhat of a food desert...Yardbird is an oasis. The BLT is to die for. I adore pork and have not had anything like it. The biscuits are buttery and melt in your mouth. The fried chicken is dark, tender and juicy. I don't know if it spends 27 hours in buttermilk or crack but Michelle Bernstein's chicken is not comparison. Grits are made to be served this way, perfectly creamy and well seasoned. I will definitely be back - for the food and for the fresh blackberry lemonade.
Went here hoping to eat the Eggs Benedict that another reviewer wrote about but they only serve that on the weekends. I ended up getting the shrimp and grits and was not dissapointed. Lip smacking good. Loved the tomatoes in it! Nice touch. Sweet tea was perfect Southern sweet tea. My husband had the blue plate and said it was the best fried chicken he has had. We are from Atlanta so that is saying something. The biscuits with the honey butter and strawberry preserves literally melted in our mouths. The interior surprised me by being more upscale than I expected. I would like to come back in the evening because it has a cool vibe. We had very good service also. Visit this place and you won't be dissapointed.
If you're in South Beach and want to avoid all of the tourist traps, this place is a must.  It's not necessarily cheap, but you'll at least be getting really good food instead of ripped off on some generic Italian food. If you're a meat eater (and if you're not, sorry for getting dragged here), the chicken biscuit is the best I've ever had, and the ribs and fried chicken are good complements to the rest of the meal.  For sides, also make sure you get the cauliflower mash...is this a healthy vegetable dish?  If so, this is something I can definitely get on board with.  We also got the waffle with the fried chicken which was a little overrated I thought, unfortunately.  We got the mac and cheese and fries too, both of which I would probably pass on next time since they were pretty standard. As our night is winding down, the head chef, Jeff McInnis (of Top Chef fame) comes by our table and asks us for a favor.  He needs us to move so that he can combine two tables to seat a larger party.  We were happy to move but he offers us dessert anyway (and how can we turn that down?).  Then in addition to that, we negotiated for a bottle of wine too.  So yes, two very good desserts (carrot cake and mounds jar) and a bottle of wine just to move our party five feet.  Even better that he came over instead of just having our waiter make the suggestion. Would love to come back for brunch next time I'm back in town.
Miami yelpers have been steering me to south beach must-eats and I tell ya, this one is certifiable. food and service rocked on a super busy Monday night like it was same ol' same ol'. table ordered to share: farmers salad, Brunswick stew w/ alligator sausage, fried chicken-cheddar waffles-mint watermelon and Atlantic seafood w/ benne (sesame) cream broth served w/ a pour of hot sauce. all so so so good.
food was good but they made us wait an hour for brunch even though there were empty tables all over the place which is pretty wack.
This restaurant is phenomenal. My boyfriend and I visited Miami in mid-September and we dined at Yardbird not once, but twice - it was so delicious! We had the Chicken Biscuits (brined boneless chicken in between a fresh buttermilk biscuit), fried tomatoes, mac and cheese, and some type of bread pudding for dessert as well as the blackberry burbon tea. Oh my goodness.... talk about food coma! We went for lunch one day and we so hooked that we actually went for breakfast the day of our departure. We would definitely go back again, and it will be a must for us every time we visit Miami. I still dream about those biscuits.
Excellent and delicious across the board. A little loud, but a wonderful experience in rethinking the Southern classics. Staff and servers were very knowledgeable and solid guides through the choices. Upscale without seeming as if they're trying.
ThE whole experience at yardbird was great, eating great comfort food with friends is always the best! Especially when  the waitress is amazing!! Loveeeeed the food, service and drinks
As a post-Thanksgiving tapering down meal, my friends booked a table for 6. This was one of the most talked about restaurants in SOBE and the reviews were mixed. We tried to make a reso before 4pm on a Friday and they said they were booked. When we called back after 4 pm, we received a 7:15 reso. When we initially arrived, it was not crowded but by the time we were leaving it was packed. We started we the boiled peanuts (fair), draft beers and bourbon drinks. I had a Oberron beer to start (a pale ale) followed by a Blackberry Lemonade Bourbon drink (delicious). Next came the appetizers: Warm Biscuits with butter and jam, a Wedge with Corn and Bacon, Waffle Fries with Dipping Sauce and Fried Green Tomato and Bacon. Each one was incredible, even on the day after Thanksgiving. For a main course we ordered two Fried Chicken Dishes and a Meat Loaf (an incredible dish prepared with Short Ribs and Mash Potatoes). The Chicken and the Watermelon were good, not too much batter with tender pieces of chicken. For dessert we had a Smore Dish. Overall, a very nice meal. This is a place I would go back to. I need to try the Mac and Cheese with another Bourbon Lemonade. There is valet parking and it's a short walk from the Lincoln Road movie theatre and Michigan Ave garage.
Very disappointed...I was so excited about Yard Bird and anticipated the opening.   Hmmmm...Where do I begin? The pour on the wine was extremely small. Not a good way to start, but the decor is so charming and I wasn't going to let this stop me from some good southern food. I ordered the chicken and biscuits to start. The biscuits were dry and the chicken was tough and felt microwaved. No crispiness. The pepper jelly had no heat. I had to send it back. I then ordered the wedge salad. It was drenched in dressing which tasted like a watery ranch dressing. I had to send that back as well. My daughter ordered the macaroni and cheese. It was still cold in the middle.  I was too embarrassed to return that too! I almost wondered if I was on candid camera or something. I have never returned food before. It may have been a bad night as the other tables around us were complaining as well. After losing our appetite for this place, we asked for the check which took a total of 20 minutes to complete. Very sad! After leaving I overheard someone saying "how can someone actually taste that dish and think ,hey I want to put this on our menu". My sentiments exactly.
All the food was amazing. Went with a group of 12 girls. Ordered a few of everything. Loved all the salads. MUST TRY the fried chicken and waffles which is a giant plate for sharing. If you don't think you can finish, you should get either the mama's chicken biscuits OR the crunchy yardbird sandwich. MUST GET the mac and cheese, made with 5 different kinds of cheeses. The fries were pretty amazing too.
First, let me just say Yum Yum Yum! We stopped by here while in town for an all girls bday/labor day weekend trip and absolutely loved the food and mimosas. I got the rib-meat omelette and "honey chile" let me tell you that it was Mmmm Mmmm Good! lol The birthday girl had the shrimp & grits and I surely had my fork deep in her dish a few times too! And some of the other ladies had the biscuits/eggs/bacon whom all raved about how dee-lish it was! Our server (can't remember her name, but she was a sweetheart) was super nice -and so was the manager who was so accommodating (see, I told you that I was going to write a review sir!). Next time I visit Miami, I'm definitely stopping by and chowing down on one of these scrumptious meal options! Again, yum yum yum!
We came here for lunch but ended up getting their brunch menu due to the holidays. Between the three of us, we split the BLT, the fried chicken,  the granola, and then added the short rib sandwich when we found we were still hungry. The BLT used pork belly as the "B" and a fried tomato as the bun, and was overall delicious. The fried chicken was simply fantastic, and the short rib sandwich was great too. The granola was amazing as well- not overly sweetened and served with plenty of fruit and real yogurt (health food!). I also strongly recommend the apple cider sour drink. Ambience was nice. We sat outside, which was pleasant despite the noisy lawn care going on across the street, but the inside left a good impression as well. I strongly recommend this place after a fun stroll in Miami Beach!
I eat some pretty good darn fried bird in NC... but even I have to admit the chicken here is outstanding. Juicy meat. Flavorful crust. My mouth is watering just describing it. The way it works: comes with a cocktail (do the Southern Revival... amazing!) and a salad (ours was topped with mango and candied nuts, and was quite fresh). We also got a few plates for the table of another chicken dish (this one I found very tough, dry, and just lacking in taste), and the shrimp and grits (here, I have to give my vote to the Cackalacky version; but this wasn't bad, and the shrimp were plump and plentiful). Service was great! A nice introductory meal to my week in Miami.
Great restaurant and service. FOR FAMILIES: They are unwilling to provide high chairs. They say that there is no room for them, but they have room because they allow strollers.
The restaurant is amazing. A great place to go out with friends or a date. The Dishes are well served ( hugh portions). We really liked the Sunday Chicken... Very, Very Good!!!
Anyone who's looking for kosher , or halal food , this restaurant is not friendly. They use pork oil to fry their food . Just saying :)
So now I have been here 3 times, twice for lunch, once for dinner (big party of people).  This is my breakdown Ambiance - 5 stars, great details, loud fun place to be. Drinks - 5 stars, Nice craft beer selection (not huge but it works).  I have only had one cocktail (the first cocktail listed under their Bourbon drinks) and it was phenomenal.  Great place to drink Appetizers - 4 stars, When I went with a larger group, we ordered most of their apps.  I enjoyed most of them, but really loved the chicken biscuits.  Honestly I would order two orders of these for my meal. Entrees - 2 stars, This for me is the disappointing part.  The fried chicken is good, but not the best I have ever had.  I ordered an open face chicken sandwich which I ended up tossing the other half once I left.  For dinner I have ordered some whole chicken special not on the menu.  This was just bad, I took one bite and had enough.  It had a mushroom side which also wasn't very good.  Fortunately that night, some of my party gave me a couple pieces of their fried chicken.   So by the mean average, I have to give it a 4 stars.  I know what to avoid and what to have (at least for my taste)
The decor is very nice and it is in a very good spot in Miami beach. Unfortunately i was very disappointed with the food. The service was nice though. We ordered the chicken and biscuits, which were tough and chicken seemed to be pre- cooked. Pickles were great. Food seems to be exactly the same food as Gigi's in midtown. A great spot Jeff opened a while back... Mac n cheese didn't taste like anything and it was cold.  Overcooked shrimps on the shrimp n grits. I have to say the ribs and meat loaf was good but again same as Gigi's. BLT was a good idea but it wasn't executed correctly.  Overall it was bad food. I was very disappointed because it is a good concept. I only went once though so i will give them another chance, but not anytime soon....
One of the best meals I have had anywhere. Amazing bourbon drinks.... Not to mention the chicken & biscuits and ribs. All amazing :). Can't wait to come back.
This place is highly recommended for a reason. I would suggest that if you are on South Beach to make a stop. The Chicken and Waffles were amazing.
Can't stop to eat at this restaurant every week! Even I live in sunny isles! I miss the food so much. It is a magical restaurant.
A local friend of mine told me to check this place out, and I'm really glad I did.   The food there was amazing.  You'll see all kinds of concoctions that you've never seen anywhere else.  It's the best aspects of Southern comfort food with an experienced professional chef's twist.  We started off with the Fried Green Tomato BLT.  First off, you think BLT, you think bacon.  No, this place has nice thick slabs of pork belly with a housemade tomato jam and pimento cheese that added a wonderful kick to it.   We took one look at the Cheddar Waffle, and we could feel the heart attack coming on.  As if the food wasn't orgasmic enough without adding the syrup to it. . . once you added that, you felt like you were going to die and go to heaven.  Because only in heaven would you find this kind of food. The drinks are well-made.  I went for the Mint Julip, and it was one of the more authentic versions I've had.  The big difference between theirs and others is the sheer size of it.  That tumbler was twice the size of a regular mint julip. But, I'm not complaining here.
Too High on Their Own Hog Not a fan of this place. The concept of home style southern cookin in Miami is appealing, the concept of paying $26 dollars for fried chicken is just stupid. Check the menu Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken- 26 bucks. Not able to bring myself to pay that much for half a FRIED CHICKEN- I went for the BLT Benedict Cast Iron Casserole which is Buttermilk biscuit crumble, soft poached organic egg, house-cured bacon, cherry tomato salad, frisée, Hollandaise. The Hollandaise sauce with biscuits was the best part of this dish however it didn't make up for the fact that the eggs were so watery/soupy. I actually couldn't texturally taste the egg. The over all dish was very small and the salad made no sense in the broader picture of the dish. I essential left feeling as though I paid 16 bucks for a biscuit and a half. I mean they couldn't even poach and egg correctly, I might as well have ordered a glass of egg flavored water. My friend who was in from NY had to order two meals so as to not leave hungry, I just left hungry. One of the dishes he ordered was the smoked brisket sandwich. While it appeared larger the volume mostly came in the form of the thick white toast the sandwich was on, not the brisket. As other reviewers have noted the concept of the sharing portions is definitely a misnomer. There is nothing southern about the portion sizes and price at this place. Nevertheless the place remains popular, likely more because of the concept and atmosphere which is admittedly unique and charming.
Ok, so I had been told, countless times how amazing this place was,  but honestly just dismissed it as just another "Miami hot spot" that was overrated and would soon die out!! Well, I stand corrected in a major way!! From the moment we walked in, I knew I was in for a treat!! We sat right away (at 11:00am on a Sunday). Our server was at the table before we were even settled, and every recommendation was phenomenal!! The ambiance was great!!! Love the bar stools and bathrooms!! Ok, so on to the food!! We had the chicken and biscuits.....WOW!!! That is all we could say with each bite!! We also ordered the waffles....OMG!!! As if it couldn't get any better!!! I'm not a mac n cheese fan, but the BF is and has to try it everywhere we go. Speaking as a non fan, it was amazing!!! Lastly, our drinks....I had the Bourbon Lemonade and my BF had the Bloody Mary. Both great, but I could have had a few more of my lemonades. It was refreshing, delicious, and def had a kick to it!! So, to say that Yardbird met my expectations would be a gross understatement!! It exceeded and pleasantly surprised us!! Go hungry and not on any kind of diet!! Well worth it! Can't wait to go back!!!
What else can be said of a restaurant which is rated as being a 5 star restaurant in about every review publication.  I am not a fan of Southern food and especially of Fried Chicken.  Since this is their signature dish which everyone raves about we decided this would be the choice.  I was skeptical, how good can fried chicken and waffles be to be priced at $34.  Well let me tell you I am sold.  All of the reviews have not exaggerated in giving rating of 5 stars.  This dish is meant to be shared.  The chicken is moist and the breading is light and not greasy at all which is usually one of my complaints about fried chicken.  The waffles were nice and fluffy topped off with a pickled sweet relish and was served with a side of bourbon maple syrup as well as a hot sauce.  If you are not a watermelon fan you are sure to be turned.  The watermelon is infused with Mint.  I am not sure that is all there is to the watermelon, but none the less it was amazing.  Since I don't frequent Miami Beach often I wanted to try some of their sweet sides so I decided to take them to go.  I ordered the Maple Donut topped with bacon and their banana nut bread.  Both were delicious.  The chicken and waffles is a must order dish.
I'm a bit torn about how many stars to give to Yardbird and that is because the food was absolutely delicious, the rustic southern ambiance was great but the service lacked a bit. We were seated quickly which was great because we went on a Friday night around 9pm and were expecting a rush. Our server arrived at our table and was nice and made some recommendations with regards to the specials of the day and so we placed our order and everything arrived quickly. As for the rest of the night we had to be waving down the waiter because he would not come and check in on us (not very attentive) Now to the food and drinks! You have got to try the blackberry bourbon lemonade its sooo yummy! We ordered  the special of the day which was a mega huge rib-eye, meant to share of course and paired it with the macaroni and cheese. The meat was tender and oh so rich and savory when you dipped it with the truffle butter and the macaroni and cheese was beyond delicious.
I'm drawn to restaurants with farm animals as their logos. I loved the setup here. And I love that the menu is designed for sharing. I love sharing. Small Shares: 1) Deviled eggs - it was ok, I've had better 2) Mama's Chicken Biscuits - fried chicken was amazing, but the biscuits were drenched in syrupy jelly. Could do without so much syrup, kind of ruined my otherwise delightful biscuits. Big Shares: We got the Surf n Swine - scallops were perfectly seared, pork belly was smoked so I didn't care much for it; it tasted like cured bacon, not the fatty juicy belly I'm used to and love. Fixins: 1) House Cut Fries - with "bacon salt" - it was way too salty! 2) Chilled Watermelon - highlight of the meal, with pepper and mint and lemon Despite the flaws in each of the dishes, I would still come back and bring people here. I love the concept and the setup. There is definitely potential.
Southern comfort food meets South Beach chic!  We had the pleasure of being invited to the pre-opening tasting for this new Miami Beach restaurant and bar.  Oh.My.Goodness!  It's not all fried, either.  Oh, you can get your fried chicken (really finger-lickin' good), or you can get their fat little drumettes, sauteed in a finger-lickin' good sauce.  The variety of food will please any palate.  They have small orders if you want to sample a little of everything between 3 or 4 people.  The food is truly scrumptious.   I understand the chef was one of 17 chefs selected to appear on "Top Chef," and now I know why.  The food presentation is not quite what you would expect from a restaurant that touts itself as "classic Southern cooking," because although the cooking may be just that, it's a far cry from slopping the gravy, coming out from the kitchen as only a proud chef would serve.  And I can't even talk about the desserts without my mouth watering, from simple (if you can call it that) cookies and milk, to their daily special (whatever Grandma left out on the window sill to cool). The decor of the restaurant is unique.  From the Mason jar glasses turned into an overhead table lighting spread, to the old time wire work lights over the bar.  The whitewashed brick walls lend a "farmhouse" feeling, and the wood floors, ceiling and accent walls give it warmth (along with the staff, who welcome you into their "home").  The beer tap handles are made from a variety of farm or farmhouse implements, and the slide show display on one whitewashed brick wall, takes you way down south with photos of Elvis, and bloomin' cotton fields. I'll be back . . . because I couldn't have it all at one sitting!!!
Two words: Glorified KFC or maybe three words: Fat Kids Paradise.  Well, let's see we started with Mama's Chicken Biscuits, which were good, but also taste like the same ones you could get at Chick-fil-a, DD, or some other breakfast sandwich spot. The jam on the biscuits was what made it stand out, but there was only a little bit on each to really make a difference. For $12 for 2, I'll pass. Next came the Llewellyns SF Fried Chicken, once again, good, tender, juicy, but nothing special for $21 for mostly dark meat. If you want good fried chicken that is heavenly, go out to Napa and eat at Ad Hoc, or Hot Box Grill in Sonoma, that is fried chicken like no other that is worth the price. I will say the mac n cheese was the only dish we ordered that I would give a solid 5 stars. It was ORIGINAL. I've had a lot of good ole' mac n cheese in my day, but this really stood out from the crowd and was worth the $9. For dessert, our waitor recommended the Southern Smores, he said it was the most popular dessert on the menu, I really wanted the cookies, but he said that was only during the first two months they were open, and occasionally on some other nights, but not tonight, so go for the smores, I was guaranteed to love it. All I can say is I took one bite and that was enough. The main chocolate center was too rich for more than a single bite, and trust me, I LOVE CHOCOLATE. We don't really ever send food back, so we just took a box and took it home to be polite, but I would not recommend it. So onto the bill, what is up with the MB Resort Tax and Resort Alcohol tax? Really? If this is a typical SB thing, I have never noticed it before. I am  use to seeing the 18-20% grat. but never this. Hum.... So needless to say, a girl coming from the south like myself, I wasn't too impressed. I really expected to be wow'd by all the 5 star reviews. To add to it, the worst part to me was watching the mom across from us order one of everything on the menu to feed her overly obese daughter who looked to be about 10. It was sad and sickening to watch. The guy next to them could barely fit in a seat and had to push the table out in the aisle to even attempt to get behind it. He too ordered piles and piles of fried food. I get it, that's what this place is all about, the deep fried, everything bad for you southern food, but to watch already overly obese people gorge themselves on food that will eventually kill you, it makes me lose my appetite. Ontop of it all, both my husband and I had upset stomachs all night. from the food :/
Hard to add much that hasn't already been said - this place is worth a splurge and was a great last dinner for us in Miami. My biggest recommendation is this: hold off on ordering entrees until after you've had appetizers. As other reviewers have said, portions are generous and filling and really interesting; you should get into the groove before committing to more than one course. Service is excellent, so they'll be flexible with you. You must order mamas chicken and biscuits. Period. Best thing we ate, hands down. My husband and I shared the chicken, watermelon and waffles signature dish, which was solid, but I would have preferred to have more off the appetizer menu (and/or had room for dessert). Drinks and wine menu are great.   Also, be sure to visit the bathrooms; the decor is delightful.
Great atmosphere, awesome service. We had the chicken 'n watermelon 'n waffles, it was DIVINE! The chicken was perfectly crispy, waffles were very cheddary which was balanced well with the bourbon syrup. The watermelon was very interesting, too (not sure how they do it, but somehow it doesn't fill the plate with watermelon juices). If you have a sweet tooth, try the peanut butter and chocolate sundae: those little chocolate krispies are tasty!
One of my favorite restaurants of all time. My husband picked this place when we were in Miami having fun. Only ate here once, but if we lived in the area and not NY we would have been back for more. The apps and brisket were great. My only regret was that we did not order the chicken. Lots of ooing and aahhing at both table next to us. I mean of your going to go for something fried, this would be it. The waitress was a doll and atmosphere laid back but very stylish. A warm and comforting design to go with the menu. Love Yardbird.
Just awesome!
delish, loved it!
If you are afraid of the grease and fat in Southern Cuisine, please do not read further because the content of this post might give you a cardiac arrest. I came to Yardbird via a coworker's recommendation when I visited Miami. Luckily, I get to expense my dinner so I went all out. I started with their No.1 dish, Mama's Chicken and Biscuits. I was so hungry from my 3 hour flight from NYC I gobbled down the whole plate, which consists of two fried chicken thigh sandwiched in buttery biscuits and some pickled onion and okra. Then, I figured why not have some green while I consumed a super fattening pile of butter and protein? Their charred okra is a winner. I have never tasted okra so good before. Even though I was full up to my throat, I decided to try their Mississippi Mud Pie with a scoop of Espresso Ice Cream on top. It is AMAZING! It is rich and chocolaty. If I weren't too full, I would have eaten the whole slice. Did I mention their Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade is also a great cocktail you can't miss? It is sweet, strong and refreshing. This is definitely a spot I will revisit. Maybe tomorrow :)
I lived right around the corner from Yardbird in 2012 and had brunch, lunch, or dinner probably on the aggregate at least 10 times. Hard to find a complaint about this place. Summary of comments below: COMMENTS - Awesome comfort food with some twists and surprises - Great friendly service (surprsingly rate in SOBE) - Beautiful casual hip country bistro atmosphere - Large restaurant so while it's popular, it's easier to get a table then some restaurants in the area - Just off the trendy beaten path (not on Lincoln) so it tends to be more of a local spot - Decent mid-level price points relative to comparable options in the area It's one our standard go to restaurants in Miami Beach. For weekday brunch, we generally go to Icebox. For Saturday or Sunday brunch, we go to The Standard Hotel. For everything else, Yardbird works great!
Yardbird Comes Through the Second Time Around! After my first negative impression of Yardbird, I decided it was time for another try. After all, so many have been impressed by this restaurant. Perhaps, I thought, it was an off night. After my second time around, Ive seen a tremendous amount of improvement. My wife and I attended the restaurant on a Sunday night, Busy, but not too packed at 6pm so we were seated by the window promptly. I do, as always recommend reservations when you get to Yardbird as it does get quite busy later in the evening. Our waiter, Nick was extremely friendly and attentive and got us our drinks right away. We decided to try for the appetizer, the House Charcuterie. This mixture of meats, flat breads and pickled vegetables was delicious. I REALLY like the Chicken Liver Mousse with the Onion Jam. I appreciate the mixture of sweet and savory and the bread made for excellent dipping into the Mousse., though it would have been nice to have a small knife of spoon to spread on the bread. Altogether a great starting appetizer and good start. For dinner I chose the classic Fine Fried Chicken and Waffles. Ive had the dish before and found it quite good. This time didnt disappoint either. The fried chicken was done perfectly, though it could have used a pinch of salt. Any lack of flavor was made up with the Tupelo Honey, a little heat, but not too much to add the right "kick" to the meal. I HIGHLY recommend ordering this meal at least once. My wife ordered the Char Grilled Steak. Our waiter did recommend going one temperature greater since medium rare is more on the "rare" then on the medium side. We both found the steak and sauce quite good, though again it could use a bit of spice and salt to liven it up a bit. She also had the classic Mac and Cheese on the side. I had a chance to taste it and found it quite good and creamy. I nice compliment to the steak. For desert, my wife had the Blueberry Crumb Pie. This is BY FAR the BEST desert that Yardbird makes. You MUST MUST order this desert when you come to the restaurant. It was absolutely piping hot, PERFECT. My wife ordered it with the buttermilk ice cream rather than the corn ice cream which goes well with the Blueberries. YUM. I had the Banana Cream Pie with Walnut Shortbread. It comes out more like a Banana parfait with shortbread pieces rather than a traditional pie. I found it good with big pieces of banana throughout, though I think the nutty banana carmel should be used more liberally rather than on the side to add just that bit of flavor. Overall it was a really good evening and made me a fan of Yardbird again. All of our food came out at the appropriate time, ALL the food was the right temperature and our service was top notch. Yardbird is back on my list!
Great food! Reservations are a must if you don't like to sit around and wait long.  The few times I've been here it was busy but service was consistently great and the foot always came out hot and fresh.  Pet peeve- you're literally on top of each other...table for two are very close to one another, and larger tables, unless you have a group, are usually shared with others (not my kind of thing when I am out having lunch or dinner with friends or family).
Fried chicken rocked!
Came in for date night the place is nice has a great nook set up family feel I do think this place is overrated but hey I ordered the chicken and biscuit side of mac n cheese AWESOME!!!
Just tried the chicken biscuit sandwich. I'll make this one short and sweet, disgusting! The waitress Danielle or Daniella? Was super sweet so I took good care of her for providing me with such great service. The ambiance was quite impressive I must admit (won't make up the despicable food). The cocktail menu did seem impressive. Though I was all partied out from the infamous "vice" city. Overall, food is very unhealthy, not well prepared, chicken skin makes the chicken taste bad, and the place is way overpriced. AVOID THIS ESTABLISMENT
My mom and I walked over here early on Sunday for brunch. They asked if we had a reservation, no? Well they couldn't give us a table so they sat us on a high-top counter with very hard metal chairs. Still, no problem, I understand this place gets packed. Hostesses could be a little nicer, but they were relatively young, whatever it's the reason I refuse to give them the 5-stars. Our waitress was a lot friendlier, and efficient. We ordered the chilled watermelon spiced with pepper, and tossed with lemon and herbs. Sooo refreshing and delicious! I had the Eggs Benedict Casserole, definitely a unique take on the dish and soooo tasty. My mom opted for the healthy alternative and had the housemade maple pecan granola. She's a picky eater, so for her to say it was great means it must be wonderful. I had a mimosa, and didn't have room for anything after, neither did she. We both agreed we couldn't wait to come back (and back and back) and try everything else on the menu. We left with her saying, "Miami needs more places like these." Yep, it does.
OMG..this place is AMAZING....we had made reservations that we were on time for.   The decor is nice and the bar is comfortable.  We had several plates on this menu and it was all incredible.  We had the fried chicken, mac and cheese, short rib sandwich, and for dessert had the coffee cake and the doughnut with bacon( i would not ask for the last item again, literally a glazed doughnut with a strip of bacon on top for $8.00 NOT WORTH IT. but everything else is so good.  Ive never had such a great fried chicken.  Place is a little overpriced but you get what you pay for and the service is really good too. Parking is valet $10,00 unless you do street parking.  I would definitely recommend this place to any one.
Now Look-A Here... This may be the HARDEST review to write yet. Why? Cuz I'm afraid that if I write a review that's too good, I'll never ever get a friggin seat here again! This... place... is... DELICIOUS! Not your traditional, run-of-the-mill Southern cuisine. I've got Southern relatives, so I know how "Southern" is supposed to taste. Wanna hear a lil secret? Yardbird may be bit better! The produce they use is FRESH. I had the special: pork tenderloin with blue cheese grits, okra, fresh peaches. This was a family dinner for my birthday, so of course, I got to sample both my parents' dishes. My ma had another pork dish that came with grits and pork rinds, Pops had the shrimp & grits with a side of mac n cheese and we ordered a basket of biscuits for the table with homemade jam and honey butter. For dessert, we split bing cherry pie and a goat cheese tart with blackberries and lemon sorbet. Oh, and to drink, we had blackberry bourbon lemonade. Don't believe me? Check the pics I posted! It was PHENOMENAL! i'll be back no less than a million more times! YUMTASTIC!
If you like southern food, you'll love this place. Everything's made to perfection, and the portion size is big enough for 2 or 3 people. All of the staff were really friendly and helpful. My waiter did a great job with breaking down the menu and recommendations. If you're in South Beach, don't skip this place.
Wow - one of the best restaurants in Miami for brunch. I'm a huge fan of the way the menu is set up for family style sharing, so coming with a group of people is best to get a taste of different dishes. The fried chicken, watermelon and waffles are the best!! I don't even normally like waffles... But wow. We also ordered the biscuits, omelette, Mac and cheese, and pancakes. Every dish is original and will leave you yearning for more. This is the definition of food art.
I have been to YardBird for brunch with my girlfriend and it was delicious. We decided to share a couple different dishes so we could try the menu. Everything was so tasty and presented in a very nice way. I want to go back as soon as possible. The only problem with everything in south beach is finding parking. They have Valet Parking but its expensive and the valet people are not friendly. Go with your loved one and share an amazing breakfast!
I frequent this bar a lot now with my coworkers as the bartenders can tell you. And I just love the drinks!! Addicted to bourbon drinks and the great vibe for a weekday and weekend night. Went there Thursday evening and had a fabulous time as always. Yardbird, I heart thee.
overall good, best thing was the chicken biscuits, delicious. Our dessert was the low point, we had the sweet potatoe beignets and they were over fried to a hard thing barely edible.
Three words for you Chicken And Waffles! This place doesn't disappoint. I'm a girl from the South, I grew up noshing on okra and grits so I was hard-pressed to rush to this restaurant. While I will admit their grits weren't as silky and creamy as I would have liked, their chicken is where it's at! We began with the BLT which was a fried green tomato with pork belly and pimiento cheese served atop a sweet marmalade. Man oh man was this tasty. The sweetness of the marmalade and the saltiness of the pork belly mixed with the crunch of the fried green tomato were perfection! For the main course we had the chicken and waffles. Let me just say-you cannot come here  without trying this dish. Yes, it's expensive but if you're looking to save money you're probably not dining on South Beach on a Saturday night anyways. Splurge. I promise you won't regret it. The waffle alone was a star, but mix it with the crunchy fried chicken and the sweet syrup and it's a rockstar of a dish!!! Sides were nothing amazing but definitely were fun to order. The Mac n cheese was creamy and delish, the okra was a bit too oily and the grits were tasty but not quite as creamy as I would've hoped. Either way, the chicken is why you come, and I guarantee the chicken will not disappoint!
Best biscuits and fried chicken that I have EVER had. Something about the butter and jam that drives me crazy (in a wonderful way). Service was wonderful. It was quick. Parking is a little difficult,  I recommend valet. It's also best to have a reservation. It gets full pretty quickly. Definitely recommend the fried green tomatoes as an app. You'd be crazy not to fall in love with this place. The only downside for parents is that it isn't baby friendly (no high chairs).
Food was good.  Not as amazing as we were expecting from the positive reviews, but pretty good.  We had the chicken/waffles/watermelon.  Next time going to try the biscuits/chicken instead.
We went here on a friend's recommendation and I loved it.  Casual dining, with great food and excellent Bourbon.  (They have beer & wine, too, but if you're going Southern, you should really just go all in.)   We split Shrimp and Grits and the Fried Chicken, as well as a Cheddar Waffle and the chilled watermelon - all excellent.   But my favorite thing was the chicken biscuits;  I would have brought a dozen or so back with me if I could!   One downside is the parking situation - valet is pretty much your only option.
Delish!!! From the biscuits to the chicken biscuits to the blt benedict, you just cant go wrong!!
It would have been the perfect meal, if not for the dirty water glass and dirty silverware.  Get it together guys.   Our server was fantastic, and we tried all of his recommendations.  We ended up with a few appetizers and desserts because everything looked so good.  The fried dill pickle special was good, but the batter was pretty thick. It tasted like a vegetarian corn dog. The mac and cheese is absolutely delicious, as well as the chicken and biscuits, and the fried green tomatoes.  The chicken on the chicken and biscuits was super moist, and the honey they put on the biscuit made it perfectly sweet. I ordered the bread pudding and my partner ordered the nutella ice cream sandwich.  She LOVES nutella, but was a little underwhelmed with it overall.  My bread pudding, however, was to die for.  The little M&M pieces were the perfect touch. Service was en pointe, our Serbian server chatted with us quite a bit and he was very nice.  I only say his ethinicity because I don't have the receipt with me to tell you his name.  But he's awesome. I'll definitely recommend this place, but seriously, polish your silverware.
Love to grab lunch here with my hubby. I absolutely love the atmosphere in this restaurant and the service has always been great. My favorite dishes here are Mama's Chicken Biscuits and the Smoked Brisket Sandwich. The Mac & Cheese is also delicious, very thick and creamy. And if you're up for cocktails, try the Southern Revival or the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade.
Went for lunch yesterday.... Nice spot and nice to see an outside deck even tho there's not much to look at. Inside is very kool,open kitchen, definitely southern touches through out and I love the bathroom doors. They serve family style and highly recommend sharing which is exactly what we did. I ordered the waffle fries which were de-lish. My entree was the "Blue Plate Special" and it consisted of 3 pieces of fried chicken and spice crusted watermelon. We also got the shrimp & grits and the grilled shrimp salad. My fav was the shrimp & grits (even tho I don't eat shrimp) ..... the grits were very good & whatever sauce they used was very tasty. They do carry an extensive bourbon list and bourbon inspired cocktails as well. I like the place but it's definitely not conducive to my palette. I am happy I went tho & the service is very good.
It's one of those things SoBe does so well, takes something you THINK you know, and twists it into something SO much better. Southern cooking is clearly not all about the fried chicken at this place. Try the Pimento Cheese and Fried Green Tomato BLT's for the small shares. Tantalize you're taste buds: close your eyes and take a bite of the Shrimp and Grits from the large shares menu. If you eliminate the keen sense of texture, it recalls flavors of a fine risotto - not what you would ever think of as a plate o' grits. For drinks: Go on, order something with bourbon, they make an array of cocktails with it that won't put any hair on your chest ladies, I promise.
awesome design.  awesome location.  awesome people.  Everyone goes for the fried chicken, unfortunately that doesn't fit my mold...came here w a buddy for a work lunch, definitely appreciated the New York feel to the place and plan to be back...unfortunately, not a lot of veg options given the southern influenced menu. rustic design is a new take for south beach, it was well received and seems to be the hot spot not spoken amongst the tourists but locals
Great southern cooking, the ribs are delicious, the fried chicken was great, and the little chicken biscuits are excellent.  Be prepared to wait for a table and be prepared to pay high prices because its not cheap.
I came here a couple months ago when some friends came into town. We made a reservation in advance so we had no issues getting in. There was some wait before we got to our table, but it was a Friday night. I really appreciate their gluten free menu. Everything was labeled with what I could order and what alterations I needed to make to things on the menu. Its not every day that I can eat gluten free fried chicken and it was incredible. Super crunchy on the outside, but moist on the inside. I also had the frogs legs, which were also super delicious. They had this sweet, tangy sauce I could have eaten on its own. The drinks were good, more rustic style concoctions. My boyfriend got the shrimps and grits and I was able to taste some. So flavorful and the polenta was so creamy. The portions were decent. The prices were high but what else can you expect from a upscale restaurant in South Beach. The decor is so cool, it really is an experience to eat there.
Fried chicken on south beach?!  and some friends told me how amazing the fried ck tasted.... i was excited! I went in on a Thursday night and it was packed so i sat at the bar. Orders Shrimp and Grits (about $20), Mac and cheese ($8), Fried Ck platter ($24.00!!!), figured i tried as much as possibility for 2 lol The famous fried ck was honestly quite disappointing, I prefer Popeyes instead.  The only bad part is popeyes ck does not come with waffles lol It wasn't bad but just not worth the money, the shrimp and grits and the mac and cheese was pretty tasty. Probably will not go back. Fried Ck for the rich that are afraid to go a local KFC or Popeyes haha
AHHMAZZZZIING!! The food was superb. Service was very fast and friendly .Went during a holiday weekend, place was packed so we opted to sit outside and ordered the whole menu between two ppl. We had - fried green tomatoes- Unique take on a BLT very good -chicken and biscuits- OMG these biscuits tho! they were everything. Chicken was perfectly seasoned and nice crunch. Amazing with the biscuits - Shrimp and grits- grits are hard to enjoy in restaurants but they did them justice. Perfect amount of cheese, super creamy and the shrimp was amazing. -duck dish- moist tender and flavorful. If my friend wasnt hungry i would have eaten more of her dish. -mac & cheese-  pretty good, Ive had better but it was still tasty. - Mud pie and strawberry pudding with shortbread cookies-did not disappoint at all. With all this food you would think we were two pregnant chicks lol.  I'm not one to take leftovers but i couldn't let good food go to waste.  Would I go back ?Hell yes without hesitation. I wish the shipped the biscuits :/
I have been waiting to visit Yardbird way before it even opened it's doors.  We finally decided to check it out after the Boat Show.  Upon arrival, I was instantly taken aback by the restaurant.  Somehow in my mind I had pictured picnic tables... outside seating... and plates filled with greasy deliciousness!  However, Yardbird has managed to turn a so called southern homestyle joint South Beach-y.  Yes although the food was "good".  Portions could have been larger and made it less about the presentation.  I absolutely loved 2 things on the menu - the grits and the macaroni and cheese.  Definitely 2  things I could live without.  I was not at all impressed with dessert and we tried 3 of them.  I mean c'mon who makes a bread pudding using sour dough?  A little too creative.  And the corn whatchamacallit ice cream... NO thanks!  The restaurant was packed. Definitely a nice crowd.  I say if you really want to check it out then try it once, otherwise save your money and go to KFC instead.
The place has a really nice southern atmosphere, the staff guides you thought the menu and the food it's just great! The chicken and waffles entry is good enough to share, two people can easily eat from it. We also order the green tomatoes blt and the shrimp and griddles.  To drink we try the blueberry lemonade and draft beers. Great experience, good prices and definitely a place to recommend and try again.
Great drinks.service is prompt lots of t.v.'s. So many beers to select from. Would recommend :)
Being from Texas, I was very excited to try this place out. A Southern-nouveaux interior full of curiosities, unfinished wood, and filament lighting - was a definitely a great welcome and I would re-visit for the bar, music, and ambiance. That fabulous attention to detail did not however, extend to the food. The food is thoroughly dissappointing, seriously folks. The meatloaf appetizer was great - probably the among best meatloaf we've tasted - but the laughable $11  "sharing" portion is barely enough for four bites - and it is not available in a dinner portion should you want to make a meal out of it. The "large" platters are actually not enough for two people, its deceptive on the menu - you are getting 1/2 a chicken 27 dollars platter and if you share it - as I'm sure most people are led to do - you will be left hungry. Our party of four actually had to order three "Large" sharing platters plus the meatloaf appetizer, and two of us were light eaters. This would have been excusable had the food lived up to its hype. But it doesn't. As I said the only thing of note that we had was the meatloaf. The famous fried chicken was actually luke-warm - not piping hot - it looked full of promise with a deep brown batter that seemed it would be crunchy and packed with a nostalgic flavors. The chicken was actually tasteless, it had that day-old-stale tint to it . The prized southern batter didn't have enough spice, zest or whatever you want to call it. The ribs were better quality - had great crust - but the sauce was overpoweringly sweet. The place is more about good design than it is about good food. They are packed to the gills and are probably churning out too many plates to be bothered at this point. The place has a great "story" but if you want southern chicken you are better off with Canes chicken fingers.
So I was really stoked to visit this Southern restaurant for a few reasons: Reason #1, I lived in Virginia for 3 years and have really been missing some of my favorites such as fried green tomatoes and shrimp and grits. This in itself is kinda crazy because when the bf and I first moved to the south from Cali we were pretty apprehensive about the whole Southern food thing, but turns out it's really good.. Reason #2, top chef contestant Jeff McIinnis and the delicious Gigi. Reason #3, the restaurant has only been open less then 6 months and it already has 265 reviews. Let's start with the decor because the attention to detail at this country chic restaurant  is impeccable. They must have spent a fortune outfitting Yardbird, but it was worth it. I loved all those canning jar light fixtures and all the reclaimed wood everything. Especially the entrance the bathroom, so cool. One think I didn't love though was the noise. From the moment you step into the space you are accosted by an awful din. It's all that brick, wood and wall to wall people with nothing to soften the sound. Now for the food. As we were looking at the menu we started looking at what was on our neighbor's tables and everything that came out looked amazing. The pancakes were ginormous and crazy fluffy with 4 to a plate, the fried chicken looked fabulous, plated with 2 waffles and fresh, cubed watermelon. All portions looked ample, which was very good to know especially when the menu states sharing sizes and some dishes come with $20+ price tag (big shares). The fiancé and I settled on the chicken and biscuits and shrimp and grits to share after finding out that they were out of green tomatoes. :( I was pretty bummed that I couldn't get my favorite fried green tomato BLT, but both dishes were very good. I especially loved the chicken and biscuits, it's was just the perfect mix of juicy, crispy chicken with a slightly spicy sauce stuffed in a flaky biscuit. I'll be back to order that again.The shrimp and grits were tasty as well, with perfectly cooked plump shrimp and it was BIG. The fiance and I got pretty full eating it early on, but just couldn't stop till we finished. We were stuffed when we left. They also served awesome looking drinks in jars, but somehow we missed the drink menu. It's OK though cause it gives me something to look forward to next time.
Short version - DELICIOUS food, GREATservice in CLEAN, upbeat setting. Been hearing about this place and it EXCEEDS the hype! Three arrived Sunday about 12:30. Place packed and hour plus wait for table. We snagged seats at bar and had outstanding service by Jeremy.  Shared "chicken & biscuits", "BLT" & "kale salad.". Chix & biscuits superb with lite flaky biscuit, just enough honey& tomato jam for moisture.  BLT very original w pimento cheese and sweet/spicy sauce - flavor explosion in your mouth.  Kale Salad best we've ever had- unbelievably fresh, crispy and sweet.  None us are big fans of whiskey but we each tried one of their special cocktails made with whiskey & ALL were delicious.  Our fave was the watermelon, followed by blackberry bourbon lemonade & the Confederate (version of mojito). After lunch we walked Lincoln Rd where ALL other dining spots were basically empty.  We stopped back by a couple hours later and Yardbird still packed and hour plus wait.  We got deviled eggs, fried chix & kale salad to go.  Eggs were BEST we've ever had - creamiest yolk filling and the white was so tender; melts in your mouth.  Kale salad was even better than @ lunch!  Fried chix very good, 7/10 rating.  Yardbird is FANTASTIC!!!
Amazing food. Defiantly order the chicken and waffles for 2, the deviled eggs topped with roe, and the blt sliders. Decor a refreshing difference from Miami. Great drink ideas a bit on South beach prices though
Who would have thought there would have been an awesome southern BBQ place in Miami Beach? This place was awesome. First off, everything on the menu is family style, which is nice because then you get to try a few different dishes without having to be confined to one dish. The appetizer that stood out by far were the chicken biscuits. The fried chicken breast placed between fresh homemade buttermilk biscuits were absolutely amazing. When you come here you have to order the Fried Chicken. It's a must and really at the top of its class. It was the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. Period.  In terms of sides they had plenty to choose from but the one that sticks in my mind was the mac n cheese. Overall, I would definitely be back when I am in Miami. Definitely a low key place just to grab some dinner with some friends.
In my opinion, Yardbird is one of the most outstanding fried chicken establishments in Miami besides Michy's or Publix (the truth!), but what makes this place stand out from the others is the Southern hospitality you can find at this restaurant. I came here for my first visit last week to finish my long-winded goal of visiting all restaurants operated by 50 Eggs and to satisfy my fried chicken cravings, and this place (like all 50 Eggs restaurants) exceeded my expectations. The only thing I can recall not liking about the restaurant is that all nearby parking is street parking (which means that parking can be scarce), but you can park at the Lincoln Road parking garage which is walking distance away. The minute I walked in I had to ask the hostess if the place I parked was allowable for all visitors. She assured me that I could park there, but she also went the extra mile to find out by asking other workers and by checking if there were signs outside the window, which made me feel like a welcomed guest. I do not think the majority of other restaurants would have gone that extra mile, so I have to point out that service here is impeccable. Perusing through the lunch menu, I noticed that it has the best prices out of all the menus. The dinner prices are around the $20 range, but lunches here are affordable. I would recommend anyone to try anything listed as a "Blue Plate Special". They are the best things on their menu for the best prices, according to one of their waiters. I ordered Llewellynn's Fine Fried Chicken which came with a side of citrus pepper watermelon, a biscuit, and three pieces of chicken (a breast, leg, and wing). The watermelon was spiced well and had a special kick, the biscuit was crispy, and the chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It was absolutely delicious. To end my meal, I ordered a dessert of carrotcake because I wanted to try the candied carrots. The cake was soft, the frosting was sweet (but not overwhelming), and it just tasted fresh. The candied carrots were sweet, soft, and everything I expected. I was pleased. I will probably come again to Yardbird because I enjoyed their Southern hospitality, crispy chicken, and delicious dessert. It is definitely a jewel on South Beach, and I will definitely try to come here for lunch if I am craving fried chicken.
Not much to say other than SOLD! Pricey yes but price is the last thing you'll be thinking of once you start eating. Whether you're having the chicken n biscuits or the shrimp ham n grits consider yourself made. Service is also spot on as is the bar and the overall environment. I recommend you come for lunch as dinner gets a little too packed. If you decide to do the weekend brunch make a reservation or you'll be waitiing in line for about an hour. Still more than worth it, highly recommend this place.
Best food! Great atmosphere.  Service is impeccable. Ask Allegra for the perfect wine. Love the biscuits, chicken, macaroni and cheese and mashed cauliflower.
Ate here twice for brunch in the past month.... Had chicken and biscuits the first time and friend chicken and waffels the second, first time chicken tasted amazing, I think one of my best experiences.... second time had a strange barny taste. That is why I am not giving it 5 stars. O, I think the sauce on the shrimp and grits is a bit too salty as well but great flavour. So many great comfort food items, great menu/drink menu. Even the salads are delicious. This is a place with happy eats. Mmmm.... defiantly makes me happy.
The food there is amazing! Their mac n cheese recipe was to die for.  The place can get a little crowded, especially on Friday nights. They first had my friend and I share a table with another couple which was kind of awkward, but they gave us our own table when we said we were uncomfortable with it.  Otherwise my experience there was awesome, I'm truly a fan!
The hostess, bartenders and servers are rock stars. Oh yeah! The food is amazing.
Came back here after realizing that Lincoln Road is full of trash tourist traps & it was either this or the McD on the corner of the same street. Should've gone to McD. Ordered the chicken and biscuits this time as my meal because I was totally unimpressed by their sig entree last time. Ended up eating mainly the biscuits only as the chicken was fatty/primarily dark meat only. Gag. And the sweet sauce drizzled on the biscuits reminded me of a cross between duck sauce served at your local Chino joint & the McNuggets sweet & sour sauce. Won't be back here. Someone please tell me what the hype is all about.
My husband and I spent a weekend in Miami Beach and as always, headed to Yelp to find recommendations of restaurants we should try. Yardbird hands down was our favorite meal we had while in town! We went for a Saturday morning brunch and everything we tasted had us wanting more! The Chicken and Biscuit sliders were the highlight. Coming from up north where Southern food is hard to come by, it was such a treat. My husband had been wanting to try PappyVanWinkle bourbon for some time and the bourbon flight they offered topped off his experience. If you're ever on Miami Beach, you MUSY  try Yardbird-- fantastic food, great service and we loved the overall feel of the place!
Chicken & Biscuits is the 5-star dish you MUST order! Mac & Cheese, fried chix & waffles are really good too. The menu is very creative. Unfortunately their rustic southern atmosphere lacks the sexy & light feel of other trendy food hot spots. Service is polite, attentive & all of the dishes were served at their perfect timing! Drinks have just the right kick to them!
So it was the photos that had me drawn to this restaurant. Well, that along with the awesome reviews. And so, I must say that yelp didn't let me down this time! Yardbird has created an amazingly welcoming atmosphere for all diners who love all things great. The restaurant is located in sort of an odd location behind the Lincoln Mall amid some residences. Perhaps the location has something to do with the three different taxes charged to patrons, or even if doesn't, expect them nonetheless. So, I have this thing where I avoid eating cliché meals that are linked to stereotypes like fried chicken... and watermelon.... :-/ But damnit, I couldn't resist the beautiful presentation of chicken, waffles, and watermelon at the table next to me. Per the recommendation of our waiter, this should have been one of my selection as a Yardbird virgin anyway, so I gave in. I could've done without the salted watermelon and the relish on the waffles, but the waffles themselves, accompanied by the bourbon maple syrup were quite tasty. The fried chicken looked amazing but it wasn't the best chicken I've ever had. The hot sauce that accompanied the chicken was not too spicy and a great addition but I kept comparing this chicken and waffle combination to that of Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles and even Gladys Knights Chicken & Waffles and this chicken was no match, at all. I also tasted one of the biscuits and they were pretty good, especially with the honey butter! But, I would've liked them a little better under-cooked... ya know, just a bit softer in the middle. I'm sure this has been mentioned already but keep in mind that their meals are mostly meant for sharing. So the while the items are a little on the pricey side, unless you're a sumo wrestler or you have an untamed tape worm, you should be plenty satisfied! It might also be helpful to make reservations before arriving on the weekends.
Probably our favorite restaurant in Miami. Best down home cooking I've ever had. Drinks are awesome too. The vibe is nice - not too overwhelming but definitely gets better as the night goes on. Some highlights: fried chicken mac and cheese biscuits - oh god those biscuits and honey butter shrimp salads are great (chopped salad - maybe called the wedge salad? was my favorite) cherry pie Good for large groups or date night. Really just outstanding food. Eat light that day so you have room for it all.
Fun, innovative, fresh and tasty. We got there early and the food was flowing, had the chicken and biscuits, fried green tomato, kale salad and fresh catch with a couple of the signature drinks. For 2 people that was a lot of food, probably would order less next time but all were fantastic. Momma an dem would approve!
This place is truly Fried Chicken heaven.  I don't even like biscuits or jam, but the fried chicken biscuits were amazing.  Also highly recommended, Fried Oysters (yes, they have sausage and spinach in them) and Fried Green Tomato BLT (thick Canadian bacon and fried green tomatoes).  I absolutely love the sharing plates, gives you a nice variety.
NPS = 4 I was very disappointed with this place.  I had heard many great things about it and decided to check it out.  Sadly, I was very disheartened. I went here with my girlfriend on a Saturday afternoon.  We sat outside because it was a crisp, beautiful day.  The was nice ambiance music being played from speakers outside.   Out of nowhere, one of the speakers blew.  What proceeded to come out of the speakers was a rattling sound that completely destroyed the ambiance and the mood to eat.  I asked the waiter to please check on the speaker and turn it off if possible.  The waiter acknowledged how annoying the rattling of the blown speaker was.  However, it took 3 more times for me to tell the waiter to please turn the speaker off before they finally acknowledged my request.  By that time, I had already spent the entire meal with my girlfriend listening to a rattling speaker. We also did not get our water refilled as often as we would like.  It got to the point I had to stand up and ask the waiter to bring us some more water. The food itself was alright.  We had the fried green tomato BLT and Llewellyn's Fried Chicken.  The best part of the fried green tomato BLT was the pork belly itself.  The Fried Chicken itself had a nice kick and was juicy, but I am not 100% sure the value was there for the prices paid.  I have had chicken other places that was just as juicy. I believe Yardbird's competitive advantage is location and unique concept.  I really think they should bank on "southern hospitality" and they should REALLY provide great service and and a unique experience.  Sadly however, those were a miss. I really wanted this meal to be spectacular such as I had heard from friends.  But the horrible experience of listening to a broken speaker for an entire meal and not having water particularly when you are eating something spicy just disappointed me in the worst of ways.
Ok here it is I have to say steer clear from the confederate mojito what a waste of money. The blueberry lemonade is probably your best bet. (Yeah... I love to drink). We decided on the fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese and bacon- OMG to die for- then we had the southern fried chicken God Damn!! Look I'm South African so no one does fried chicken like I do but this was seriously the best I have ever had. The skin was so easily pulled of the tender white meat and the white meat was so juicy, soft, and succulent I am in . We ordered the macaroni and cheese oh wow. Ok so I thought Edgar the barman was a total douche. Talk about someone who walks around with an inflated sense of self for absolutely no reason. Stephanie the waitress is the best. She should be running the place. A little over priced I left there still hungry - next time ill hit papa johns on 15 th street first before eating there- our bill was over $100 !!! (I work hard for my money- $100 of groceries gets me more than a meal there!!) The bathrooms were super clean. I think any place that has clean bathrooms is a best bet for not getting food poisoning (just saying). I give this place a 5/5 for those who have so much money they splurge everyday. For those of us who live pay cheque to pay cheque pass - check out my other reviews for places to eat on a single mothers budget ...
Simply delicious.   We have been to yardbird several times and the overall experience has been consistently excellent.  Friendly staff, laid back ambience, cool music, an amazing bourbon and whiskey selection, and simply delicious low country, southern food. One of Americas great gifts to the culinary world. Bravo!
My favorite place to eat in Miami Beach. This is one of those places that lives up to the hype, and this is a great place to people watch.  I have been here numerous times for both dinner and brunch, and the food is always delicious. I highly recommend this place.
Well I had to come to the Yardbird since its the sister restaurant to Swine my new shrine of a restaurant in the gables . And of course the menu is not the same but just as incredible. I went for the staple brisket sandwich . Gosh ! You don't need a side dish it was so huge and of course perfect bread great quality brisket and cooked perfectly. The sides tried the pickled onions trust me it brings out the flavor. Place looks great and the staff is super friendly and they know their food. Great bar too with so many types of Bourboun JAck Daniels himself would chuckle. What a place and good home food hummmm congrats to Yardbird!
Wow, that is one of the best fried chicken I have ever had! We tried almost all the sides, whipped sweet potatoes were an odd color but were tasty. The grits, french fries, and biscuits were all awesome. Definitely worth flying back down to go there again!!!! My only complaint is the service was too fast. We sat ordered and our food was served with in 1/2 hour.
the food is wonderful/differnt great presentation and excellent portion size. Everything I had except for the fries I would eat again! The menu could use some diversification only because I really like their menu at SWINE much much better as it is more broad.  This place is def worth a try.  Great well executed southern food. Also, they have a coconut beer there!  holy shit it is a must try.
3.5 stars. Had reservations on a Saturday night and arrived to find a mob scene inside. Took us half an hour to be seated, which irritated me a little bit. The complimentary boiled peanuts are fantastic, speaking from someone who doesn't even like nuts. For drinks, I had the bourbon blackberry lemonade, which is really fantastic, and had some wine (the wine list is as exhaustive as they come). We shared two salads, the iceberg wedge and the fried green tomato BLT, neither of which were anything to write home about (especially considering I just had the fantastic fried green tomatoes at Whisk this week). The 'meat loaf' is very tasty, but the portion size is miniscule. For entrees, we split the fried chicken and the ribs. The ribs were phenomenal, to say the least. I wasn't as keen on the chicken, but I enjoyed the waffle it came with. We asked for mac n' cheese and brussels sprouts on the side. Mac n' cheese was fine but the brussels sprouts may have been the surprise of the night. For desserts, we had the white velvet cheesecake and the beignets, both of which I was desperately trying to cram into my stomach. Honestly, you'll leave much happier come here for the desserts. Not in a rush to come back (blame the high prices), but wouldn't mind coming again at all.
I heard so many things about this place, and I love me some true southern food but I think this place tries to go way to healthy on southern and it turns it into BLAH food. I've had a million times better chicken and waffles for example, and this is supposed to be their signature dish. Try this at Morgans in Midtown and you will know what I'm talking about. The desserts also Blah, the banana pudding my husband loved. For me is a no go.
I went to Yardbird for Sunday brunch with a few friends. We got a bunch of different things to split- the things that stick out in my mind are the chicken and waffles which were great, the mac and cheese which was amazing! and the vegetable quiche with goat cheese and a lot of different ingredients. Definitely not healthy- but it will fill you up and keep you that way all day! Waiter was so nice and attentive and gave advice on how to order.
The 1st thing that hit me was the merge of rustic and modern design. Then I bellied up to the bar and enjoyed the fun vibe of the people around me. My table was ready pretty quickly and I kinda didn't want to leave the bar. So off to the table we went to dig in. Started off with the BLT appetizer, lived it. Then got the fried chicken, BIG hit. We've gone back once more for lunch, can't wait to go back.
Amazing restaurant!!!! First, the design of the restaurant is incredible. The walls are made of wood from an old barn in North Carolina. The tables are spacious. Second, the servers and staff are extremely friendly. Our waiter was so knowledgable about all the food and drinks on the menu. He suggested a drink that was peaches, bourbon, and jalapeño. So good. Third, the food is delicious. For apps we had the fried green tomato with bacon and lettuce, the deviled eggs, and the cornbread in a jar. Each were great. The chicken biscuits are perfection. i also tried the eggs Benedict and the fried chicken and waffles. Delish!
After a disappointing dinner at Ola, we walked to Yardbird and instantly had our spirits lifted! The unique decor and energy of this place is contagious. We ordered drinks (which arrived after our dinner was completed and we asked to have them cancelled, hence the 4 stars). We ordered the fried green tomato BLT and spiced watermelon. I will warn you that the watermelon is not for everybody but we personally really enjoyed it (we pickle our own watermelon at home so this was a treat). The fried green tomato BLT was awesome! Perfectly crispy with a nice tangy sauce and a hand cut thick piece of bacon on top. This was not the "thick cut" bacon you get at the store, it's legit! We were so taken with this place we ordered the big 'ol cheese waffle and charcuterie board. The waffle was cool, came with tomato chow chow and maple syrup, pretty fun idea for an 11 pm snack. The charcuterie board had 2 different types of country pâtés which was just ok but the pimento cheese with bacon was fantastic! Creamy, cheesy, salty perfection! The toasted breads and crackers were also a nice surprise. Everything at this place is made from scratch and it really shows. As for the service, even though we didn't really get our drinks (until after we said cancel them) our waitress was extremely pleasant and very energetic. She was attentive and went back multiple times to get the drinks set up at the bar so can't fault her for other people's errors. We will definitely come back here next time we're in Miami!
Were to begin. I went with a friend to try it out and was not impressed.  We got an order of biscuits.  It was $8 for 4 biscuits!! Then we got Mac an cheese which was the best thing we got out of the whole meal. Then we got chicken and waffles. Horrible!  Two pieces of drumsticks and a thigh with a piece of a waffle and a few slices of watermelon for $22!  Really for dark meat! I wouldn't mind the prices if the food was worth it but its not. Just another over priced restaurant in south beach!
love the food here but it's a tad pricey for southern food. good cocktails
Probably my favorite meal of my whole Florida trip! Who doesn't love chicken and waffles?! and Mac n Cheese?! n seasoned watermelon?! nom nom. Everything was SO good. I also loved the bourbon syrup. It may have been a terrible idea noshing away at Yardbird before heading to the beach... not a pretty site. We also had a fun server that day. Great service, and I love the ambiance of this place! I will come back one day...
Shrimp and grits, grouper, mama's chicken biscuits and Blt were amazing!!!
This is my southern fix in Miami, hands down. The menu is set up like family style. I ordered the Cheddar Waffles with syrup and my mister ordered the Scallops and Pork Belly plate, which had a cute name, Surf and Swine or something like that. It was so delicious and yet so simple. The flavors were definitely southern! We also had a sample taste of the biscuits which came with this scrumptious jelly and honey butter. I wanna drink that honey butter. The service was good. My only complaint is that they don't seem kid friendly since they don't have any highchairs or booster seats. Southern and family mix together well? Even if you are in south beach? Right?
I love yardbird! I've been three times and I've always had good service, and great food.  I love the fried chicken and biscuits and the fried green tomatoes!  I've never been a big fan of bloody Marys but theirs is definitely worth trying.  I've tried some of their other cocktails too, and they've all been yummy.  I will definitely go back. They serve family style so you get to try a little bit of everything.
We have been here the last two times we have been to Miami for lunch and it has been awesome both times. The fried chicken is awesome, the brisket sandwich was amazing and the macaroni and cheese were great. The only issue we had was it wasn't kid friendly. No kids menu and no booster seats were a problem, but we were able to order mac and cheese for the child and she enjoyed it. We would definitely return next time we are in town.
Yardbird Southern Table was fantastic.  My friend & I went on a Saturday night and it was packed, but we only waited about 15 minutes to sit at one of the high tables near the bar.  Some people waited longer for a booth or low table, but the spot near the bar was fine and perfect for some good people watching. The waiter told us that the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade was definitely the most ordered cocktail on the menu, so i had to try it, and I'm glad I did! It was a tasty blend of tart and sweet, with some fresh blackberries for garnish, and they were generous with the bourbon. Yardbird serves up Southern specialties.  We had the iceberg wedge salad, buttermilk biscuits, mac n' cheese & fried chicken.  What a feast!  We definitely ordered too much but everything was delicious.  The iceberg wedge salad was packed with corn, tomatoes and bacon, but the true standout of this salad was the creamy avocado dressing.  The biscuits were the best I've ever tasted--flaky, warm & served with a nice honey butter & a few kinds of jam on the side.  The fried chicken was a little on the spicy side, but perfectly crunchy.   Yardbird has the ambiance of a gastropub and had a fun vibe to it.  I would definitely recommend it and I hope to return the next time I'm in Miami!
Attention People!!! Stop where you're going, turn your car around and go to Yardbird Southern Table and Bar, and be ready to experience greatness!! I have to start by saying how much I loved the décor of this restaurant, every corner screams southern charm; from the tables, light fixtures, to the bathrooms and specially the cute jars they serve the drinks in; Ohhh! the delicious drinks, OMG!!! Never before I had tried bourbon and since trying my delicious and refreshing Blue Berry Bourbon lemonade at Yardbird, I'm now a fan of the liquor.  Next let me tell you about the food; the chef in this place is a total Rock Star in my eyes, from the appetizers to the dessert there was a party going on in my mouth , the textures, flavors and the fresh ingredients made the food simply memorable. We had the fried green tomato BLT for appetizer,  for entrees (very big potions- awesome for sharing) we had the BBQ Short ribs and the Whole Roasted Chicken, for sides we tried the mac n' cheese and the sweet mash potatoes, finally for dessert, we shared  the chocolate mud pie and the apple crisp (dessert is  made from scratch, even the ice cream; you can totally tell, but I still asked and it was confirmed) total food orgasm, every dish was even more delicious than the next. Last but not least I want to mention our amazing waitress Stephanie, she was so friendly and knew the food very well and was able to help us choose our food selection since everything look amazing in the menu, you can tell Stephanie loves  her job, because she was so vivacious and made the already amazing experience better.  Loved, loved everything about this restaurant, the casual ambiance  and amazing comfort food,  left me wanting more, this place hasn't seen the last of me, in the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back"
Holy yuminess! My boyfriend and I had only one night in Miami and I decided on Yardbird for dinner. We were completely blown away by the meal. Here's what we split: Homemade Biscuits: WOW. I wanted to take a dozen of these home with me. The best biscuits I've ever had. The butter was a little sweet and the jam was perfect. We devoured these. Fried Oysters: Tasty Surf & Swine: Super tasty! The bread stuffing was light and packed some kick. The scallops and pork belly were melt in your mouth My boyfriend also raved about his Maple infused Bourbon drink. He was in heaven- so much so that I asked the waitress how they made it so we could attempt to recreate it at home. Overall amazing meal and a fun, bustling atmosphere.
Yardbird is set on the corner of 16th and Lenox ave. Lots of light (big windows), very cool ambiance and over all great feel. The greeter was very friendly and promptly showed us to our table. (we were a bit early) They have valet parking, although its a bit pricey (10$) and their service wasn't great. Usually you pay after, but the valet was very rude about the way he asked me to pay. You would think after a good meal and some drinks then they would want you to pay so your more inclined to tip. I guess not these guys. Reservation (4/5)- You can try on line as well as calling in. The only issue I found is its almost impossible to reach somebody at the restaurant so if you want to make one via phone, I would call 50 eggs directly. Food (5/5)- Amazing. Truly something special. We had the Fried chicken, watermelon and waffles as well as the fall of the bone Ribs with a side of biscuits and a complimentary taste of the fried green tomatoes BLT. First the portions are HUGE, 1 dish is more than enough for two people and we were two hungry people. The chicken was tasty and tender, really good southern fried chicken. The dish came with a curry/cumin? dusted watermelon, amazing cheddar waffles and bourbon maple syrup. The ribs that came were unreal as well. Fall of the bone... need is say more? They were a little spicy, so out of 5, 1 being less heat and 5 being deadly, they were about a 2. The biscuits were perfect. Flaky, buttery. Delicious. They came with a strawberry jam and a honey butter. The friend green tomato's BLT was out of this world good. Crispy tomatoes, lettuce and real thick bacon. Not the cheap stuff you find in the grocery store. THE GOOD STUFF. Drinks (5/5)- We ordered two drinks. The blackberry bourbon lemonade and the watermelon whiskey. Both very good. They come in mason jars so it adds to the ambiance. Setting (5/5) - the place is very trendy and hip. They have indoor and outdoor dining. Just a cool place to be. Service (5/5) - I am always concerned with service because you never really know what your gonna get that day regardless of reviews. SO this was a great one for us. The hosts were very pleasant and friendly. Our waitress was amazing, Explained everything and was more than accommodating for some of my requests. The manager brought us a complimentary started because we were celebrating a special day. I mean truly attentive and wonderful staff.
What an amazing experience. The best fried chicken and mac 'n cheese on the planet - not to mention the fried green tomatoes. Surprisingly incredible service for SoBe.
By far the best culinary and customer service experience I've had on south beach. But the good experience is only enhanced by the superior customer service. I have never been escorted to the door and given salutations as I've left a restaurant, not until I went to Yardbird. They have top notch service and great food. What a great way to enjoy my birthday. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in that part of town. They made me feel like a celebrity. I thought that I was Beyonce!
Phenomenal. The most delicious fried chicken and waffles I've ever had. First off, the ambience of this place is so laid back and charming with chalk board paint on the walls and mason jar fixtures over the tables. We ordered blackberry lemonades and coconut beer from the bar while they prepared our table; they were all refreshing and great. When they seated us, we were grateful to see another table with the fried chicken and waffles, bc that plate can fully feed 3 people and we knew we would be ok to split it. In addition to the fried chicken, we ordered the mango salad and the fried green tomato BLT. The BLTs came out as little breadless sliders with FRIED PORK BELLY and pimento cheese, holy Jesus, I'm salviating just thinking of them now. The salad was ehh, but that fried chiken!!!! Finger lickin, lip smackin, crunchy, juicy, sweet (bourbon maple syrup), spicy (honey hot sauce), cheesy (served over cheddar waffles), refreshing (marinated watermelon salad), just all around amazing! My friend ordered the shrimp and grits which were so velvety smooth, and the shrimp were lightly briney, sprinkled with a julienne of pork, and blistered plum tomatoes. Oh and we ordered the brown butter whipped sweet potatoes, those were also sinful. Though trying to identify the green bay leaf crumble had us all stumped for quite some time! We were so full from dinner, there wasn't possibly any room for dessert, but this was the best meal I've had in Miami so far. The service was excellent, I highly recommend Yardbird, it's a must-visit in Miami.
After having a not so good wait-time experience the last time, the manager contacted me and invited us back to Yardbird for a meal on him. I have to say that this experience was much better this time around! We had the chicken biscuits, which were delicious as usual, and made a reservation which got us seated right away. The service was excellent, and we really appreciated the fact that the manager took our wait-time complaint so seriously, instead of brushing us off. Everything was great; from the service, to the food and drinks! We will definitely be returning to Yardbird in the near future.
No need for a long review!  Everything on the menu is GREAT!  This is coming from someone, that doesn't really eat meat.  True story.
Sunday brunch was amazing! The decor of the place is extremely nice and inviting, and the service was impeccable. The water and wine glasses were always filled and the order of when the food was brought out was good. The $10 bottle of wine is delicious and just an amazing way of the restaurant to say that they want you to have a really good time and be taken care of at their place. We had the house smoked salmon and egg sandwich, the braised short rib sandwich and the BLT benedict biscuits...everything was amazing! It came with side salads and a little fruit bowl..perfect!
Not only was this hands down the most delicious fried chicken I've ever had in my life, but I think it was probably the best service I've ever experienced in any restaurant. Everything I ate here was ah-mozing - from the fried green tomato and deviled eggs appetizers to the chicken and biscuit sliders to the chicken and waffles (did someone say NOM NOM NOM?!). And don't even get me started on the cocktails.TO. DIE. FOR. On top of that, our waiter Julian was super knowledgable about the menu, totally helpful but not over-attentive to the point where he was hovering, and had the most positive attitude. A++ for him. Somebody give that kid a raise! I'm not sure when life will bring be back to Miami, but I sure hope it's soon because until then I will dream of tasting that perfectly crispy, tender, juicy deliciousness again!
After reading so many reviews about their awesome fried chicken, how could I not want to try it. My husband & I went in for lunch. No line, no waiting. Looking good so far. We were seated promptly and proceeded to wait for our server. He arrived after 5 minutes, but when you're starving, those 5 minutes feel kind of like an hour. But I digress. Our server was friendly and out going but not very attentive. Our food came out quickly but there was zero check back from our server. The ones that saved the day were the bussers. The refilled our waters promptly and fetched stuff that we needed, but could not get our servers attention. Now for the food. We have traveled and eaten all over the South. This, my friends, albeit good, was not the absolute best I've ever had. I mean, I expected my fried chicken to be mind blowing. Again, based on the reviews, I was expecting a Harry Met Sally moment. That moment never came. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. Just not great. My husband really enjoyed his Crunchy Yardbird Sandwich. And we both loved the Mac & Cheese. The tiny biscuit was yum and that strawberry jam was delish. Oh, I ordered a lemonade. I got water with a slice of lemon. Seriously. I paid $4 for a glass of water. While we are on pricing. The lunch blue plate "special" is $14. For my $14 I got a drumstick, a thigh and a wing. Again, the chicken was good but not as moist as expected. Especially since it was dark meat. I ended up dipping it in the buttermilk dressing which, by the way, was really good. My husbands, sandwich was tasty and all, but it was not worth the $14 either. Especially since it does not come with anything. No chips, fries, slaw...nothing. $53 + tip for lunch. The big question is, will we come back? I can't say that I positively will, but I can't say that I positively won't. So I guess that's a maybe!
Amazing! The food is incredible good, the stuff is nice. We come back for sure. Really goooood!!!
Very cool place and delicious!! The Farmer's salad is the most delicious salad I've ever had and the mac n cheese was amazing!
Food was good, but NOT worth the money.  All the wall decorations in the world does not make a plate of Fried Chicken worth $25.  Sorry, but this is the perfect example of a South Beach tourist trap.  The only thing that kept it from being only ONE star is that the food is good, but just not worth the price, the wait, the menu restrictions, the parking and the outrageous price.
The food is absolutely delicious, the cocktails refreshing bourbon strong and the staff is exemplary. We had the shrimp n grits, mac n cheese,  bacon fries with buttermilk dipping sauce, biscuits and fried chicken, all perfection.  I ordered the southern peach cocktail, it was good but the blackberry lemonade was awesome.  I would give this place five stars if had it not been for the way you have to order. Its a family style restaurant, I would have preferred to have the option to not order from an ala carte menu and offered a menu that had complete entrees with sides included.   Nonetheless I recommend this place, I loved it and will come back but in larger groups.  This is my second time here btw.  Enjoy!
Absolutely the best breakfast and food in South Beach!! I am a Bloody Mary snob lol, and their Bloody Mary's are phenomenal! We had the fried chicken, macaroni and cheese and omelette of the day. This is a definite must go-to if you come to South Beach! Our waitress, Marcel, had excellent suggestions and provided the most friendly customer service :) We will be back!
We arrived around 7:15pm on a Saturday night.  The hostess was able to seat us right away but she told us that we need to be done by 9.  WHO says that to their customers?  I felt like we weren't as important as the other customers.  I mean if they want a fast turn around then they need to tell the kitchen and their servers to work faster and not the customers to finish faster.  Anyway, throughout the dinner, I was very conscious with the time and felt rushed.  I didn't really enjoy dinner that much.   My waitress wasn't friendly and has a little attitude.  I didn't like the way she just swings the bill on the table.  WHERE'S THE SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY? The fried chicken was delicious and a must try.  The BLT fried tomato with the pork belly was scrumptious and definitely the best thing I ate the whole night.  I wouldn't recommend you eat the whole thing by yourself because the sauce might be too heavy.  I would not recommend the ribs.  It was dry and tasted like the ribs from a Chinese restaurant.   I recommend the manager speaks to their staff about the way they speak to their customers.
So my soul sister and I planned this outing about two months in advance so you already know the anticipation was building up as the days passed and we perused the menu tons of times prior to going so we would know just what we were looking to have... We walk up to the joint and I was like hm OK this is supposed to be southern but I truly felt like individuals from Brickell had been transported here to eat...I was expecting a more laxed crowd...maybe this was just the lunch bunch.. The place wasn't super full so we were promptly seated...and since the place wasn't full you would think our drink order would have been taken in a speedy fashion...but no sir it wasn't Finally our waitress comes and since we had stalked the menu we knew what we wanted to order... First off I am the queen of soup trying and the summer corn soup was out of this world..it literally was one of the most flavorful things I've ever tried and I am pretty picky when it comes to corn soup...but they got it on the money with this one! We then finished our order even though the waitress assured us that the food wouldn't all come out at once...and it most definitely did leaving us unable to finish half of the food. We ordered: Mac N Cheese-This was a perfect dish just the right amount of cheese and not an over kill of cheddar, the bread crumbs on top added additional texture which was great. Cheddar Waffle- Tasty but not in love with the relish thingy on top, if you let the waffle get cold it takes away from the cheddar aspect. Luckily the cheddar wasn't over powering which worked well with the maple syrup. Shrimp & Grits- This dish was awesome, just a perfect blend of flavors, the grits weren't bland and the shrimp was tender, not chewy! Fries-The fries I could have done without- the dipping sauce was good but nothing special. Blue Plate Special- Now this was what we original were eying and I don't know if it was just the batch or what but the chicken had no flavor, and this is just a personal thing I like breaded chicken and this was a bare skin fried chicken. So I could pass on this dish in the future. I will return again but maybe for dinner to try the dishes that aren't on the lunch menu, but I definitely won't be running back~
Very nice meal! Two of us split chicken biscuits, snow peas and Duck, duck, duck, and it was plenty of food and everything tasted great.  Had the flight of infused bourbons-salted maple was the favorite.  Great bar selections and very nice server.
The food was Amazing!! Everything my fellow yelpers had talked about.. Couldn't have been any more happier with there chicken and waffles!! And drinks!! 5 stars
Absolutely incredible all around!! My boyfriend and I had a reservation but got there a little earlier to have a couple drinks before dinner. We went to the bar and a gentleman named Zeem greeted us and made us feel right at home. He was a fantastic bartender. He kept making their signature cocktails for me, kept my boyfriends beer refilled and let us sample some of their homemade honeycomb vodka and white whiskey. He was so engaging that we decided to just eat with him at the bar. The most mind blowing fried green tomatoes I've ever had, along with their ribs, and fried chicken. There was not one bad thing to say about this place. The food, the drinks, the service, and the ambiance was perfection!
This restaurant has very charming decor. Service... not so much. This place can get very busy, which makes the workers seemed rushed, which in turn, rushing you to finish up and go. The concept of the restaurant is similar to family style. You can share your dishes, but the portions isn't very abundant. So when you order the fried chicken, don't expect a bucket! It's more of 4 pieces, but it sure is good! Another great dish is their deviled eggs. Very different and tasteful. After awhile I notice everything started becoming very rich in flavor. Things taste awesome first couple bites, then kind of dropped off. I guess I'm not use to eating a lot of heavy foods at once. This restaurant is good for tasting different things, but eating a whole entire meal yourself... you might want eat some salads the next day.. lol
OMG, what an EXCELLENT dining experience!  BEST food ever.  Cannot say enough good things about all that we ate.  Looking forward to returning again and again.  Reservations highly suggested, otherwise be prepared to wait to be seated, especially in the evening.
I went to Yardbird with my girls as part of a weekend away in October 2013. We went for dinner at 7pm on a Saturday, and while it was crowded they sat us right away even though half of our party was lagging behind. The menu is set up for sharing... even if you're greedy.. most options are too much for one person. Our server, Jenna was very knowledgeable about the menu and just downright pleasant which sadly is a rarity. We ordered the fried chicken which was so moist and delicious, with the perfect amount of crunch. We also had pickled watermelon, a little tart/ a little spicy if you're into that sort of thing. We had corn, macaroni and cheese and biscuits. I don't think that there wasn't a part of this meal that wasn't good. For drinks,we had a Bourbon Blackberry lemonade that was strong and worth the 12 bucks. Make sure that you're hungry when you go... and not on a diet.. but make sure you go.
This place is awesome.  The best food I've had in 6 months of being in the US!  Andy and the staff are really friendly and fun.   We had the waffles with maple syrup (the buffalo trace bourbon in this makes it taste even better), perfect half bird, best Mac and cheese I've ever eaten.  You must try the blackberry bourbon lemonade. Honestly I can't recommend this place enough.  Unfortunately they don't deliver to New York :)  Andy tipped us off about Jeff McKinnes and Janine opening root and bone in New York.  Went there yesterday and it's great too!
Sadly, I didn't even get to go to Yardbird because of their terrible customer service. I called a week and a half in advance to make a reservation for a birthday dinner and I was told that a spot was being held for me until the events coordinator could get back to me. I waited until then and when she responded to me she was helpful and sent me a couple pre-set menus to choose from for my large party of 15 people. When I replied with a question she replied and told me that my reservation had been taken by somebody else and that nothing else was available that day for my party. She offered to check another date for me but I was completely turned off by the situation and went to another restaurant. Terrible...
I was a little hesistant about trying this place...especially due to the heavy, fat laden menu options, but it turned out to be a good experience. I applaud the owners for creating an All-American concept on Sobe.  The atmosphere is authentic and welcoming.  The front porch makes you feel like you're someplace deep in Georgia or Alabama.  The food is good...I tried a variety of items....nothing really stood out though, but everything was tasty. The drinks were also very good....they were the highlight of the dinner. They offer a lot of unique house drinks made with Bourbon. A lot of creativity has made this place a success....I just wish they had more healthy options on the menu...makes me a bit discouraged to come back.
The dish that blew me away here was the fried green tomato BLT. This is a perfectly fried green tomato with pork belly, some sort of cheese and a tangy, bright tomato jam. It was absolutely delicious. The second dish we tried was duck, duck duck which is a pasta dish with duck three ways. This was a very good dish but I wouldn't put it n the category of great. I'll definitely return to try more.
I took too long to write this review so forgive my lack of details. It was packed so my friend hustled to get us seated; that was even more fun since we got dirty looks. I definitely recommend getting a reservation but since my friend is quite spontaneous - didn't have a chance. We were blessed with a GREAT, adorable, funny, helpful waiter. Can't remember his name but he's from the South - perhaps Alabama without the southern drawl. Gave us great recommendations. My friend ordered tastings only; her sweet corn was very tasty. We had the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade since I read the reviews on Yelp. We were pleasantly surprised, although I've never had Bourbon before. For my entree, chose the Fried Chicken and Waffles - AMAZING!! Even the white meat was tender. I shared it with my friend. She didn't like the watermelon b/c of the cilantro. lol The syrup was good, seemed it had a hint of spicyness which I liked. The mac n cheese was AWESOME!!!!!!!!! I had to stop myself from licking the bowl. LOL She has been raving to her friends about this place ever since. Funny cuz she's labeled the tour guide and knows all the great spots so she was amazed she didn't know about this place. hehe We will definitely return!!
This was a diamond in the rough that is Miami Beach. I find it quite rare that every single thing ordered on the menu blows your mind, this was one of those rare times. Both drinks we ordered were fantastic with use of fresh herbs and fruit, not overpowering sweetness. I find myself to be an eggs benedict connoisseur, and this may have been the best form I've ever had. They were simply incredible. The biscuit underneath was the perfect amount of crumbly paired with the thick, house cured bacon. The fried chicken was not greasy, flavored perfectly. The right amount of crunch and flavor left us licking our fingers even though our gullets were beyond stuffed. If you're looking at these reviews you've also already seen pictures of the mac and cheese. Get it. All in all, Yardbird is a homerun. Go here. Just make sure you have reservations.
I was so looking forward to this restaurant, but what a let-down! Food was barely okay, and this was an example of how bad service can ruin a dinner. Minutes after we sat, the waitress kept returning to the table, ready to order, ready to order? Then in the middle of taking our order, she abruptly left the table without saying a word, and ran to another table. Forget something, honey? Then the food came out at lighting pace, pushing us through each course, and dinner lasted merely an hour. Upscale fast-food, I'd say. If I realized beforehand, this is a corporate restaurant (50 Eggs Inc), high on concept, big on tourists off Lincoln Rd., merchandise with logo for sale, I'd might have passed. The room is cool industrial chic for sure, but corporates are good at getting the right look. Okay fried chicken, okay ribs...nothing better than average and not worth the calorie intake. IMHO, Michele Bernstein's fried chicken is way better at Michy's. Another annoyance: after we placed our order, they ran out of the house cut fries with "bacon salt" I had heard raves about--no big deal, except one of the managers came to our table, big smile, and apologized for their absent potatoes and offered to try their "wonderful" tater tots, "on us." I hate tater tots (childhood scar, I guess), but agreed. And I still don't like them. And when we got the bill, they charged us anyway. Would I return here? Nope.
What a great dinner spot!!  We had great service, AMAZING food and were introduced to Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade.  With three ladies, we shared the chicken and waffles entree, as well as the cheese and watermelon app, the pickle jar app and a side of okra.  Everything was amazing, and we had food left over.  Can't wait to go back!
Yardbird is my new favorite restaurant in Miami. While South Beach hosts dozens of drool-worthy restaurants, the service at most of these restaurants are more than lacking. At Yardbird, this is NOT the case. It truly shows how important good management is of a restaurant - and Yardbird has got it down. Everyone from the hostess to the waitstaff to the bartenders to the busboys are friendly and knowledgable of the food. My boyfriend and I went on a Tuesday around 8 PM for dinner (before a concert at the Fillmore Miami Beach) and there was about a 35 minute wait. We managed to score greats seats at the bar. Their cocktail menu is great and, even though I'm not a huge bourbon fan, will have to try their specialty bourbon cocktails next time. The decor makes you feel like you're in a Napa Valley restaurant... and the food makes it feel even more so! The bartender was so on top of it and helpful and we loved our seats so much that we decided to just eat at the bar. Even though the bar area was crowded, it wasn't obnoxious, it was a fun crowd and added to the southern kitchen ambience. My boyfriend and I split the iceberg wedge salad, which was awesome. The sweet corn, avocados and massive chunks of house-smoked bacon made the salad. We consider ourselves connoisseurs of the wedge salad and order it at every restaurant we can and this was one of the best we've ever had.  We then shared the sweet potato and chicken dumplings (which was kind of like a soup) which was TO DIE FOR delicious... the FLAVORS. Wow. We were pretty much full from the wedge salad and dumplings but had ordered the "Duck Duck (Not Goose) Duck." It was a medley of sweet duck meatballs and pulled duck with pappardalle pasta with an egg on top. Sounds like an interesting mix, right? Well, of course, like everything else at Yardbird, the flavors all worked together like they were made for each other, and we ate the whole thing. I was surprised by the bill. For such quality food it doesn't have the usual South Beach prices. $5 beer, $10 wine, really reasonable food prices. Our bill ended up being under $100. Well worth it. I'll be making a lot more drives to South Beach to get my Yardbird fix.
First I like to commend what a great designer you chose to design the place whoever you are. This place must of cost a fortune to build from scratch and they did a fantastic job. We went for our first time Sunday and the place was packed of people running to see what it is. We started off with the charcuterie board and it was NOT GOOD, the pate tasted like the Vietnamese bologne that you would use in the Banh Mee sandwhich, the tourchon as the waitress mentioned is not a tourchon it was a rillete that was pureed Way too much. The waitress mentioned rabbit in the pate and foie grois. For $14 it's impossible to serve rabbit and foie gras. So G-d only knows what he put in there. The pickled vegetable was nice at least. Then we ordered the shrimp and grits. He put beer in it which I can appreciate but it tasted a little bitter and it was not HOT. It should be hot. Poop and scoop from a steam table that's why. Then we had the Fried chicken. The chicken was brined and it was well seasoned. However was not HOT and it tasted like it was fried Hours ago and kept under a warmer until ordered. The waffle was definetley not made to order again made hours ago and it was heavy and cold. The desert we ordered were smores. Terrible to the tenth power. The graham cracker was supposedly housemade and awful. Should have just bought Keebler's. The cookie that accompanied the smores were hard like a rock. I banged it on the table and it still didn't break. Sorry excuse just buy the cookies if you can't make them right. Lastly of course the grand opening day was a lot better because everything was made that day and made correctly because they wanted to impress. My dinner on Sunday we were not at all impressed. You have a lot of improvements to work on. Not a happy $120 dollar check customer. Saddddddddd.
Favorite place that we ate at in Miami hands down! It wasn't just about the taste of the dishes (which was fabulous!), but it was also about the creativity with which each dish was made, everything was transformed and you're sure to have a unique experience when you go there! I had the Momma's Chicken Biscuits, which was absolutely delicious. Has a nice sweet pepper jelly on it as well, which means no syrup required. Also be sure to add the pickles and onions, which gives it a nice sweet taste as well. I though I was done, but then my friends got the chicken and waffles and let me taste their waffle. OMG, had to get the cheddar waffle and boy was I happy I did! Such great and different flavors. Mind blown. Wish I could've tried the Maple Bacon Doughnut, but alas, they had run out. I can't wait to return next time. It was very much worth the wait! Also, the ambiance and service were excellent! The restaurant is adorable and we were lucky enough to get outside seating. The service was absolutely fantastic and I was surprised at how friendly they were despite how busy they were on Sunday for brunch. Highly recommend this place! Well worth the 1.5 hr wait (to pass the time, just go to Lincoln Mall, time will fly)!
Yardbird was absolutely fantastic - my only complaints were that I wish we had eaten inside to enjoy the atmosphere more and I wish I could have tried more dishes! We sat outside - which was nice, but the real "feel" of the place can only be found inside, so I do recommend the indoor seating. Our waiter was really nice and very helpful. We started with the Strawberries and Ricotta which were AMAZING.  As I sit here I am planning my own little cooking experiment to see if I can re-create this dish. We followed this up with fried chicken (of course) and biscuits. Both were amazing. At this point, we were so full we could barely move - even though I really wanted to try more things!  I guess another trip to Miami is in order!
I am in love with this restaurant !  The food is amazing!   Ok- I could live on the biscuits alone, but once you add the honey butter, wow.  Then, fried chicken with hot sauce, wow.  I have gone a handful of times, and each time I find myself smiling from ear to ear. Not only is the food outstanding, so is the operations of this business.  It's definitely not the kind of food your trainer would be happy seeing you eating, but it's a secret between you and the bird.    huge fan!
Mississippi Mud Pie was THE best dessert I've ever had, fries were spectacular. However, I didn't think the fried chicken quite lived up to it's name. I have had better, but it was above average.
"We don't DO that!".  I was so disappointed, after reading some great reviews, to try the food at Yardbird. Last night I called to place a takeout order and was rudely told that "we don't DO that!  It's just not something we DO!  ESPECIALLY on a Friday or Saturday night!".   The woman who I spoke to was so off-putting. I still want to try the food, but I really hope she was not indicative of the service I should expect.
50 eggs - you never disappoint. I've visited the other two restaurants under the 50 eggs umbrella (Khong River House and SWINE) and was super stoked to finally check out Yardbird. The place can be described as upscale Southern with great elements of design that are a balance of classy and country. The hostess met me with a smile and was super nice - what? customer service? The rest of Miami needs to take some notes from 50 eggs - not only is their food phenomenal, but they also put an emphasis on customer service. There is a nice area outside to sit, but we opted for inside. The waiter was super nice and attentive the entire time and offered some great recommendations. What I shared: Fried Green Tomato BLT - A fried green tomato with pork belly, tomato jam and cheese. Good, but not the best thing I had. Iceberg Wedge - My kinda salad! Iceberg lettuce, huge chunks of pork belly, tomatoes and a delicious sauce. This alone would make a nice lunch, but wait...there's more. Mama's Chicken Biscuits - Their most popular menu item according to our waiter. They are basically chicken sliders, with fried chicken, jelly and pickles. Really good! I'd say it's a must (share it so you can get other things too - duh!) House Cut Fries - Really good. A bit salty, but really good. They come with a "buttermilk" dipping sauce - this sauce is THE TRUTH! The bar features burbons - but I went with a white whisky watermelon - it was super refreshing and tasty. I don't usually do cocktails, but when I do, it would be something like this - not too sweet. Speaking of sweet we went with Burbon Bacon Ice Cream Sundae - Yes, bacon in the sundae! It was amazing. As you can see "healthy" isn't exactly the theme here but when you are looking for a deserving cheat meal, head on over!
I've been on a health kick for the past year (50lbs down.  woot.), which accounts for less and less reviews.  Apparently the healthier the food, the less likely it is to be served at a restaurant I'd care to write a review on (ie, "not delicious").  Anyhow, my mother and grandmother asked if I'd like to eat something fried, seeing as it was my birthday and all.   I opted to give Yardbird another try, this time for their brunch.  Definitely delicious, and worth going back every now and again.  I ordered the blackberry bourbon lemonade, which had a nice kick to it (ie,  a great buzz after 2 of them).  We also had some bacon, the salad with the farmer's cheese, the maple bacon doughnut, and the fried chicken.  All of these dishes are prepared with care and attention, even though the place always seems to be slammed. I'm now willing to give them another chance on dinner. If you are a client, reading my reviews on facebook.  Don't worry, I'm working on your cases too.
I was here for dinner on a Sunday night and the place was packed! Reservations are essentially a requirement. The restaurant space was on the louder side. Food was very tasty, well prepared and well presented. I really enjoyed the fired green tomatoes and the duck meatballs with the duck breast. Given the hype and price point, the food meet my high expectations, but was not mind blowing. Yardbird is being added to my list of go to places. FYI- Valet parking on Friday, Saturday and Sunday night is $15. There is almost no street parking. Maybe try the 17th street garage.
Excellent service! Our waitress was courteous and showed great knowledge of the menu, she gave helpful advice for meal selections. Food was amazing. Came out hot and right on time. No complaints about anything. Fine dining from top to bottom!
Great food, great service (rare in Miami) and great bar.  While waiting at the bar the bartender was experimenting with a new drink so I offered to be his guinea pig.  Great deal- excellent drink and no charge when I went to pay.  Don't try this intentionally, as it would be taking advantage of their hospitality.  First time I've written on yelp, but they were particularly nice and deserve the recognition.
This place was pretty darn good! I had the the fried chicken, waffles, and watermelon, as well as a cocktail off their menu. It was all delicious. I'll certainly return to try something else off the menu if I visit Miami again. What I really liked: The quality of my food, the menu selections (I went on Saturday for brunch), and the huge one-page menu of bourbon and whiskey drinks. I should also not that we did not have a reservation. We arrived on a Saturday just after noon and there was zero wait. We probably got lucky because it filled up quick. What was just ok: The price. I'm not sure a plate of fried chicken and waffles is worth $36, but it was Miami so if you are willing to spend the money then go for it. It is not a cheap place to eat. Also, they say the portion sizes are designed for sharing, but I ate my plate by myself and I imagine most people will. I had no issues with service. Everything was fine. Not over the top, but nothing to complain about. It's worth checking this place out if you visit Miami and love fried chicken and waffles.
The food is good, the drinks too... but that was about it.  Expected more of the place after all the hype people made about it.  We had a larger group (10ppl) for dinner there, which seemed to be a bit too much for them. We won't go again!! The waitress was nice, but missed a bit on her promise to advise on whether we had ordered too much food (yes, the portions are on the larger side and we took home almost a whole order of fried chicken, a serving of ribs and 2 whole unbeaten sides). I was disappointed with the ribs (overdone and too dry), but the rest was ok. The thing which upset me most was that one of waiters punched my friend on her temple with his elbow when he tried to refill her water.  He said sorry later after seeing her in a lot of pain, but he also told her in the same breath that it wouldn't have happened if she hadn't moved her head. Excuse me?  That's a total no go!  She was in a lot of pain and was barely able to converse with others. Later that night more of my friends told me that the same waiter also bumped into them while refilling - not as painfully as for the first victim, but still highly unacceptable for any restaurant let alone one of this "caliber."
FRIED GREEN TOMATO BTL... That's all you need to become a believer. Though a lot of hype seems to follow Chef McInnis, he satisfies every time. I've been a fan of yardbird since before it opened, (the hen and rooster illustrations won me over) and I am still a fan to this day. The menu is fun and creative for southern cooking, though essentially its mostly high in sodium and deep fried. But aren't all great things in life? If they're not, they should be. Like other reviews have noted, service can be spotty at times indeed, but the kitchen is always consistent. The interior decor brings a "restoration hardware" touch, where barn house meets sophisticated Southern estate. Still, it's yields a unpretentious atmosphere that calls summons all the cool kids. Suggestions? Sweet Tea Ribs Fried green tomatoes BTL The Brunswick stew (if you're not afraid of alligator) Llewellyn's Fried chicken (huge!) Maple pecan bread pudding*** (FAVORITE!) Banana Creme pie As for cocktails, the Southern peach, Watermelon sling, and blackberry lemonade will do a great job at satisfying your thirst ;-)
Went in one night to check the place out after hearing so much about it. What we found was a nice ambience, and good service. The bartenders were very friendly. We had some drinks while snacking on some peanuts that were boiled in brine. Never had that before but seems to be a popular southern snack. My friend had the  fried chicken with  waffle and spiced watermelon. He loved it. I plan to come back to try some more of the yummy looking dishes.
The service and food were great! Loved the fried chicken and biscuits. The chicken was meaty and juicy. The portions are large and the staff are very good at guiding you about selections and how many items to order. The music is a tad loud but it's a great place to share a fun, casual evening with friends.
The Green Tomato BLT appetizer is DELICIOUS! I loved it. The chicken and waffles plate is also very delicious. I had the Yardbird Salisbury Steak, which was ok. I will not repeat that plate.
Fried chicken = 4 stars Waffle = 5 stars Mac n cheese = 3 stars Their sauces are excellente
The chicken and waffles are truly, remarkably awesome. The rest of the food is pretty good. Everything else about the place is sort of a bummer though, unless you're looking to bring your parents, or your kids. Wait staff is a little confused. They keep playing Jimi Hendrix songs (great tunes on some level, but when I'm eating a 50 dollar meal I prefer not to hear someone's best of classic rock compilation cd). Ten dollar valet. Typical south beach I guess. This is not the New York food-chic I expected. My bad! ;-p
SOOOOOOO overrated!!! This place is loud, annoyingly trendy, and overcrowded. The cocktails I ordered tasted like spoiled pork. The watermelon appetizer was the only delicious thing I had. The waffle was soggy. The fried chicken was ok, but I've definitely had better for a lot cheaper. The ribs are very good, but again, I've had better. The biscuits were just ok, overcooked and dry. Overall, this place is just not worth dealing with the traffic and parking of south beach, the very long wait for a table, or the prices.
At first we were a little put off when we walked in looking for a table for a party of 7 and were told that we'd have to wait HOURSS. So we decided to just go and hang at the bar and grab a couple drinks. I guess our group of 7 was crowding the bar so after 10 mins the hostess came up to us and said she would try to fit us in. After that lil hiccup- everything else was outta control delicious! Mac & Cheese & the Shrimp and Grits score an A+, Chicken Biscuits A++ and my drink the Watermelon sling was A++++. Definitely a great southern eats place in the heart of south beach. We ate mostly appetizers so the prices were reasonable, but some of the main dishes do get pretty steep.
We're fans. Visited (most recently) August 2014 and try to get there (miami beach) at least once a month. This time, we ordered mama's fried chicken biscuits (get them, despite the $7/per) that always make me feel like I could make it but never want to fall so short. We also ordered a delicious grits and cheese that comes warm, a good light crunch, and great cheese. I generally always order the lager that works with the small plates. Good price, friendly and prompt service that leaves you alone, and reliable. We had reservations but did not need them. Parking down the street at a meter or those machine lots. Put in 3 hours, ate for around 2, and then walked along Lincoln after dinner. Good date place.
Why 4 stars? Because this fried chicken doesn't quit.   ---   ---   -- No seriously, it really doesn't quit. I ate there 4 months ago, and I still feel one with it. This place is seriously awesome. The wood on the walls, the hidden bathrooms, the menu that emotionally tickles me with delight. It's seriously a home run, and likely a 5-star update after my next visit. I'm putting it on my required-stops list for the next time I', down south. Just look at the menu - Chicken n' Watermelon n' Waffles? Seriously? I might take a 4-hour road trip, like, tomorrow.
In my opinion, this is the most fun restaurant in Miami right now, with the awesome Pubbelly a close second. The fried chicken biscuits are an absolute must, as are the shrimp and grits. Everything on the menu is pretty awesome so you can't go wrong here, but for me those two stand out. Great drinks too, the kentucky mule is a great way to start an evening, and the bloody marys are fantastic, and a must during brunch. This is also the perfect place to take out of towners, whether friends, family or colleagues. Everyone will be wowed and will leave happy...and likely quite stuffed.
Good food, good vibe. I will go back
Yardbird's food accomplishes the challenging task of making fairly straightforward food ridiculously tasty.  With the Southern style, I assumed, would come an ointment thick layer of sauces & cheeses but not so... every bit was packed with taste with a perfect accent of accompaniments.  Service was a delightful contrast to the heavy helping of attitude that is typical to South Beach.  NICELY DONE!  We'll be back.
Yardbird: Southern food served in a Southern style. What I later learned is that "Southern style" actually means "family style," which led me to wonder what they must think of us Yankees if sharing is equated with being Southern... The food is amazing. Every bite was better than the last. My Northern tendencies emerged when I needed to kill the impulse to hoard the fried chicken biscuit sliders. I want all the sliders. The ambiance is great and the Bloody Mary's are even better. Is it because they come with a strip of house-cured bacon? Or maybe because of the adorable pickle-stuff olive? Go see for yourself. We ate and ate and ate. On our menu: fried chicken, daily omelette, steak and eggs, watermelon, biscuits, big ol' pancake, quiche, and the obsession-inducing fried chicken sliders. I thought that my main reason for returning to Miami would be the people-watching, but no. It's the food.
Best place to eat in Miami Beach, easily. Just unreal fried chicken, mac & cheese, whatever. Great drink menu. One of the best restaurants I've ever been to, period. Just go already.
We had two delicious meals here on April 19 and 21, with the help of the entire staff.  Though my daughter has serious allergies to nuts, eggs and fish, Yardbird's folks were very welcoming and took extra care to make sure her needs for a safe meal were met.  From Rachel and Rosie, who answered all of our questions and took our information over the phone, to Sol, our FANTASTIC waitress, who made us feel at home, to Chris and Matt who checked on us throughout  our meals, we felt like we were in good hands (a very rare experience for folks with food allergies). The food itself was great--tender, moist fried chicken, flaky biscuits, an unusual and satisfying brussels sprout salad, the giant cheddar waffles, and the refreshing bourbon lemonade. And the servings of fried chicken were so large that we had enough for lunch the next day! The ambiance is lovely, with a rustic but sleek look and a very relaxed vibe.  All in all, I'd recommend Yardbird to anyone who wants a great meal, excellent service, and the opportunity to leave with a smile on your face.
came out with the boys to this spot. pecan brown ale beer was good. biscuits and mac n cheese are delicious! chicken was ok. ribs were good. deviled eggs were good, nicely prepared. fried green tomatoes were the funk! first time eating that too. good atmosphere. nice chill spot. many tapa type dishes.
This place was perfect. Though it was busy the night my large group came, there is a bar area perfect for enjoying one of their many signature whiskeys. I had the Blackberry Lemonade and highly recommend it. We munched on some fries that were made with bacon salt and one of the best ranch sauces I've had. The fried chicken and waffles were out of this world! Perfectly crispy chicken served with cheddar waffles with jalapeno jelly. The deviled eggs were simply divine - topped with caviar. Mac & Cheese came in an iron skillet and was bubbling over with sauce. But I will say my personal favorite was the hand pulled pasta with pulled duck, duck egg, and duck meatballs. YUM!
Great food! Visited this place for Valentine's Day and I couldn't be happier to have tried it. This is an excellent place to sample some true delicious southern cooking, moonshine drinks, and better than home-made desserts! How does chicken and biscuits sound as appetizers? Exactly! Awesome idea!  Biscuits and chicken had amazing taste, thought the biscuit was a little bit more cooked than I would've preferred to be honest. St. Louis style ribs, stacked, about 9 ribs but pretty big. As a side, one of the best baked mac n' cheese I've ever had. Delicious and rich in cheese! To finish things, mud pie which was just perfect. Oh, the drinks we tried were a raspberry moonshine lemonade....super good and strong. i also had a pecan pie beer which was really nice. I can't wait to visit this place again. Not cheap, but I expected to pay more.
Wooooooooooooow.  Yuuuuuuuuuummmmmm. That pretty much sums it up, but I GUESS I can explain a little further - In town on business, dropped by around noon on a Thursday.  Street parking would have likely been impossible to find (and I heard it's 8 minutes per quarter - what???), luckily afternoon valet was only $5.  Also, i think there's a public parking garage around the corner? Grabbed a seat at the bar, which is beautiful, by the way.  I added a couple of photos that seriously made me wish I drank more, and/or wanted bourbon for breakfast. Their menu is outrageous - I wanted everything.  But, really, what I wanted was chicken & waffles, but they don't exactly have that.  So - I ordered the fried chicken & biscuits AND the cheddar waffle with bourbon maple syrup.  It was soooooo the right choice. When the chicken & biscuits came, I instantly ate the entire pile of pickled things on my plate before anything else.  The onions and okra were awesome, but the pickles themselves were OUT OF THIS WORLD.  I immediately asked if they sold them, but they don't, and that makes me sad.  These are some seriously fucking phenomenal pickles - I might email Bon Appetit to try to get the recipe.  Anyways, the fried chicken was outrageously good.  The biscuits were great too. The cheddar waffle - oh, oh, the cheddar waffle.  It's BIG.  It's BEAUTIFUL.  It's so - effing - good.  I just, I don't even know what to say about it.  The pile of relish on top was a surprise, but it went so well together, and the bourbon maple syrup was so perfect. Fried chicken migrated on top of the waffle.  Syrup poured all over.  Mmmmmmmmm.
Great ambiance, great service, and okay food. There's a really great vibe when you enter the restaurant and, though it tends to get a bit crowded, it's definitely the place to be on South Beach at the moment. I ordered the following: -Mama's chicken biscuits- tasty, but a bit dry--doesn't have that light, flaky consistency that you'd expect from a good biscuit. -Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs- tasty, but again, a bit dry. The sauce was tangy and wonderful, but the meat was a bit overcooked- I didn't find them very juicy or tender. -Fine Fried Chicken- well-seasoned, but yet again, a bit dry and overcooked. -Garlic Mashed Potatoes- skip these. Did not have the light fluffiness that you'd expect from a good plate of Southern mashed potatoes. -Mac and Cheese- delish! A great side dish that is basic, but tasty! -Blackberry bourbon lemonade- Wonderfully refreshing and not at all too sweet. A great place to come for drinks and people watching, but don't expect too much from the food.
Best place I've been to in a while. A bit pricey but well worth it. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. Cant wait to try other things on their menu as well as their brunch.
Literally one of my top 3 meals ever!! My friend and I ordered an obscene amount of food- you MUST order the mac and cheese and the Duck Duck Duck and the White Whiskey Watermelon cocktail is not to be missed!! I only regret having to wait to go back and try more on the menu,
Every time a friend comes to town, I take them to the Yardbird. Unique southern cuisine and great service. It has a nice warm atmosphere.
I love, love, love the decor. Restoration hardware meets industrial. Highly recommend reservations(outside seating available). Had a bourbon cocktail and it was delish. Fresh ingredients make all the difference. Chicken liver toast is for one and was served with a pickled relish. Mama's chicken biscuits are a "must try".  Am looking forward to having dinner vs. brunch next time I'm in Miami. The staff were also very professional and easy to banter with.
OMG I am completely in love with this place (or more specifically, with the fried chicken). I went to Miami for a long weekend trip and was super excited to try out Yardbird after all the rave reviews on yelp. The food is out of this world delicious and the service is amazing. The atmosphere was chill and it appeared that everyone around us couldn't get enough of the food. The highlight of my meal (and probably my trip, after the beach) was Mama's chicken biscuits: buttery biscuits smeared with honey with crispiest fried chicken sandwiched in between. MMM MMM! To balance it out, I also had the butter lettuce and mango salad which was very refreshing and made me feel slightly more virtuous about my health. You know that TV show where people compete to lose weight and there is a segment where they cruelly put contestants in a room with a revolving table filled with junk food to see if they could resist pigging out? I find it a little gross but I can relate a little now. Yeah, if you confined me in a room and filled the table with all those chicken biscuits, all hell will break loose.
The best Mac and cheese and fried chicken in south Miami!
Can't go wrong!
You have to make a trip down to the beach for Yardbird's Southern comfort food. Every place that you go nowadays is serving their form of chicken and biscuits, but I have to tell you that Yardbird's is my #1. Their Mama's Chicken Biscuits are made with free-range chicken, a pepper jelly with their house-made buttermilk biscuits. These are guaranteed to melt in your mouth. And if you love eggs benedict than you have to try their BLT Benedict Cast Iron Casserole. I wouldn't share - it's that good.
I came here for the fried chicken and biscuits and it was really good! The bourbon ice cream dessert with bacon was even better.
Don't miss the bacon doughnut. Everything is sooo delicious!!!
Love the chicken and a must visit.
I have enjoyed Yardbird a number of times, and i have yet to be disappointed. The service is always great, the atmosphere is chic but also laid-back, but most importantly- the food is spectacular. I could eat the chicken biscuits daily!
The 1000+ reviews don't lie. Great ambience and service, delicious cocktails, rare bourbons and Southern food done well. $36 for Yardbird chicken and waffles is a bit steep, but the fried chicken is the best you'll ever eat.  The waffles are hearty and the bourbon maple syrup is finger-licking good. The mac n cheese was old-school yellow cheese with pasta that was a bit overcooked for me.
We did a big group dinner here for a birthday celebration.  Our server did an excellent job at recommending a little bit of everything.  It was all good, from the chicken to the cheese grits and the fried green tomatoes.  The kale salad was also tasty. We downed a lot of drinks, and they make quite a few good ones that you don't taste the burbon (I am not a big fan of burbon).  This is a great place for a get together.. Make sure you reserve a table.  It gets very crowded.
BRING BACK CHEF JEFF ! this place is not the same and the quality of food has changed. They should of never driven him out this place was his baby!
I've been to Yardbird a lot (a lot, a lot) and  I haven't been disappointed yet. I've been for dinner a few times and for drinks a whole bunch more. They have fantastic cocktails. You've got to try the Southern Revival if you haven't yet, it's a stand out. The food is always amazing. Pricey, but amazing. Their fried chicken is great, their grits are phenomenal, and their mac & cheese... well there are no words for that one, only stomach grumbles that make me want to walk over right now. They also have Midnight Dinners, which are a ton of fun. The fiancé and I went to one for Movember (we're in the promo video!) and two months later I'm still craving the food we had. Can't wait to go to another. I definitely recommend this place!
Went here with the lady a while back, and everything was top tier. The bar was out of stock on a couple drink items that forced me to my 3rd option, but it was still pleasing. The food was amazing and the service impeccable. The ambiance is cool, lots of wood. There is a plain white brick wall with a projection screen, which I thought was cool. The lighting fixtures on the walls were antique, and just looking around, there was a lot to look at to spark up conversation if you were on a first date. But back to the food. we started with the cheese and melon plate which I had never tried, but I was glad I did. You could tell by the plating, the knife cuts, and the sear on the cheese especially, that this wasn't just slopped on a plate. We also tried the chicken biscuits, which just made me want to try the fried chicken plate. It was SO good. Everything on the menu is served family style and the menu is divided into small and large portions. The staff is also very willing to help if this idea is foreign to you. It was a great night and it's no wonder that Lebron James, Dwyane Wade, and that guy from Psych came in to eat as we were leaving. Got to check out their sweet rides while we were waiting for valet. Just an added bonus to dining on SoBe...
Just amazing!  Perfect decor and service from the time you walk in!  Cocktails were just perfect and the servings were generous and delicious.  Please do note the service is AMAZING and that is all we have to say.  Great job!
Yardbird is hands down one of my favorite places to eat in South Florida!!! It took me a little while to find somewhere with not only good southern food (go figure sine we are so far south there should be a nice soul food place on every corner!) , and good drinks, but also a great atmosphere, and even football and basketball games being projected on the big wall  from time to time. All of these ingredients = a perfect place to come with friends. I (gently) coerce all of my friends and visitors to go here with me whenever I am having a craving and I haven't heard any of them complain once we got in and got our food. While we have ordered a ton of stuff (shrimp & grits, llewellyn's fried chicken, Chicken &  waffles, mac & cheese, greens, brunch foods, etc.) I would have to say the Ribs and Mama's Chicken Biscuits are hands down my favorite! I mean I would literally bathe in the sauce they put on those ribs if given the opportunity. They are so good I don't even care about the sauce all over my face while devouring these babies ! I think I might've even licked my fingers when no one was looking (ok ok people were looking but I didn't care!), and those biscuits are just mmmm mmm good! I mean can I get a pillow made out of these things?? I want some right now!!! Ugh I'm hungry again!! Anywho if your heading to South Beach be sure to visit this place. You won't be disappointed (unless it starts to rain b/c then all of South Beach will flood), and even if it does rain, the servers are so kind and the food is so good that you won't care...until it's time for you to get back to your car. Put this place on your list of go-to's! Do it now!!
Nothing like some good fried chicken! This place was worth the wait. Musts: chicken biscuits and the meatloaf!!!! This place is  fairly new so I suggest reservations. We walked in at 10pm and still had to wait for 1hr. Wait staff was friendly and the food comes out pretty quick.
Awesome!  Had watermelon w/cheese for an appetizer and fried chicken & kale for my dinner.  It was all great, much better than expected.  Defiantly will come back on my next trip to Miami.
Food was delicious dessert was disappointing. I had the chicken and biscuits, very juicy chicken and the biscuits were flaky and just how I think a biscuit should be. They had an interesting take on a  BLT and  they did an excellent job, it was fried green tomatoes with pork belly on top. AMAZING! The shortribs were great too. Complete comfort food, served with mashed potatoes and their version of gravy. I tried the blueberry tart because I was told by couple of people that it was the most amazing dessert, unfortunately I was dissapointed. It had a crumble on top that had oatmeal in it and it just gave it an odd texture. It would have been better without the oatmeal and if they covered the top with the crumble, the buttermilk icecream it came with was good. I also had the apple pie and it was disappointing as well. The crust was not crisp or flaky and tha apples were too tart. I would definately go back and save dessert for another place on Lincoln Road
50 eggs does it again. Maybe I am biased by the fact that their sister restaurant, swine has the best burger in town. Stopped in for lunch last week and sat at the bar, solo. Had a wonderful experience thanks to the bartender, Helen, who helped me forget I was dining solo. The service was 5 stars. I had the deviled eggs and salad, for those of you that thought yardbird was all about loading on calories and fat. The salad came in a light vinaigrette and was excellent. The deviled eggs were very good. Normally, my favorites are fried chicken and biscuits, but this was a nice lighter treat. They also have great beers and the ambience is stellar. Best for southern comfort for sure.
[ Visited in July, 2013 ] We sat outside and ordered four large plates and three small plates for four people...and there's no way we could have finished all that delightful food. The portions are amazing and everything from the pork chops (my favorite) to the shrimp and grits to the brussels sprout salad was fantastic. The total, with a few drinks, was just over $200 for a night of amazing food. If you go to South Beach and miss this restaurant, turn around and go back.
Worth every penny!! Fast, friendly service, and the food is out of this world! I would absolutely come here again next time we are in Miami. Had the shrimp and grits (and I normally don't like grits) and couldn't stop eating it!
Greed took over the second I laid eyes on their menu.  I got to try the quail (which was a special that day), "meatloaf", mac & cheese, roasted onion and shrimp & grits.  Don't worry, I shared all this...with only one other person. Having lived in the south, I've had my share of amazing southern cuisine.  I wasn't sure if they would have anything like that once I moved to Miami...enter Yardbird. Though this restaurant is fancier than "grandma's kitchen", they've managed to keep things from being pretentious unlike the rest of SoBe.  It's casual yet classy and the chef did an amazing job putting his own twist to some traditional favorites. The quail sat on a bed of vegetables, which included very underrated vegetables like brussel sprouts and okra.  So simple, yet so delicious.  The chef's take on a traditional meatloaf was very creative.  He took shreds of slow braised short rib and compressed them into bricks to make them seem like meatloaf slices, although to me, it looked more like a brownie.  Nontheless, it was nothing short of amazing.  Mac & cheese...a southern staple.  I would like to fancy myself as a mac and cheese connoisseur and I have to say that the mac & cheese here is definitely top 5 material.  I also liked the fact that the chef used torchio pasta instead of the usual elbow macaroni.  The torchio pasta's shape grips onto the cheese so much better.  Roasted onion is so simple yet so delicious.  The crust on top was amazing, but I didn't get much of a cornbread center like the menu description said.  Last but not least, the shrimp and grits.  A true southern classic and a dish you better be prepared to blow some socks off with because there are always better versions of it somewhere.  Was it good?  Yes.  Did it blow my socks off?  Not so much.  I'd choose many other items from their menu before this one.   Service was impeccable and the chef was nice enough to do a quick meet and greet with my friend and I.  Great collection of bourbons.
What a great place!!  A party of 11 ladies celebrating a bachelorette party and the place did not disappoint.  The service was professional and warm; from the reservationist/planner and waitstaff to the chef...oh yes, we got to meet Chef Jeff McInnis!  And the food...We ordered one of the prix fix menus and majority of our dishes were outstanding!  Our favorites were the deviled eggs, which just melted in your mouth and the fried chicken and biscuits, as well as the banana skillet cake. The watermelon salad was not as sweet as I was hoping but refreshing and light compared to the other parts of our meal and the peach blackberry buckle seemed a bit thrown together, where each component was tasty, but really didn't mesh well all together as a dish. The ambiance is more suited for a large group dinner and not a romantic dinner. I left the restaurant wishing I had a bigger stomach so I could eat more!!
5 girls and Mac n Cheese, Sauteed Kale, House Cut Fries (BACON SALT!), Chicken n Watermelon n Waffles, Shrimp n Grits and Warm Farm Cheese on Watermelon. Add 3 Blackberry Burbons for me and I'M GOOD! AMAZING FOOD, HEFTY CHECK, WORTH IT -TPK
Can't say enough good things about this place!  The service was excellent and their recommendations were spot on. Tremendous meal in a great atmosphere. Entire staff was very good to us. Highly recommend this place !
Wow, what a brunch! Even though it is a 30 minute drive for us, this place will become our go-to brunch location. I have been there twice, and as many reviewers have noted, everything is excellent. I strongly recommend the French Toast, which comes with apple butter, bourbon maple syrup, pecans, and bacon. And speaking of the bacon, I have never had it better. It takes the best of traditional bacon and pork belly and combines it into a thick strip of crispy, juicy awesomeness. Another must for me are the grits. I rarely order grits at restaurants because they are just not my thing, but they excellent here with that cheddar cheese topping. Hint: They offer brunch on both Saturdays and Sundays. The place can get packed, so try to make reservations or go early. Saturday at around noon seemed ok recently. We got the second-to-last open table at that time.
We strolled to Yardbird without a dinner reservation and learned that inside seating was 30 minutes... But outdoor seating was immediate. Score! Although I will say I didn't realize it was small plate. Never a problem for me though. I really wanted to try the fried chicken and biscuits. The fact that they had Mama's Chicken Biscuits allowed me to try both in a breakfast sandwich kind of way was perfection. But nothing compared the our server's suggestion of the Fried Green Tomato BLT. I hate pork belly but am in LOVE with this entire dish. Hands down one of the best foods I've had in a while. I have to admit I wasn't overly impressed with the mac and cheese. Too smoky for me.
Awesome new gourmet southern food in a chic meets earthy atmosphere. Started the night with a very good Old Fashion from the bar. A garnish of a homemade maraschino cherry was an early indication of how good the night was going to be. The Fried Green Tomato BLT -- crispy, acidic tomato meets creamy homemade pimento cheese, fatty pork belly and tangy sweet tomato jam -- was satisfyingly indulgent. Kale salad was well- balanced with a muted cider vinaigrette, moonshine raisins, cornbread croutons and fresh apples. Cornbread croutons were a bit soft in my opinion to be called croutons and could have been a bit crunchier -- could have benefited from a quick deep fry rather than being baked. Also, an addition of sunflower seeds to the dish would have added a nice textural crunch as well. But overall, the salad was delicious and made me yearn for my summer garden a few months away. Moving on to the entree course, Duck Duck Duck, the BBQ duck meatballs were soft and almost velvety, full of ducky goodness. Pasta was perfectly cooked, pulled duck was melt-in-your mouth tender and the pickled pumpkin's acidic kick added a nice contrast to the salty and fatty dish. Top that with a sunny side up duck egg and you get a rich, salty and incredibly satisfying dish that I still dream about. At last, dessert was a marvelous carrot cake with the most perfect cream cheese frosting -- not cloyingly sweet and full of creamy goodness. It was a wonderful way to end an amazing evening. Waitress was attentive, down-to-earth and very knowledgeable. Her demeanor was nothing like the fussy and pretentious attitudes I experienced at another "high-end" restaurant in Miami that I visited on my vacation. She worked a nice balance of "how is everything", "can I get you anything else", and leaving you alone at the same time. Quite frankly, she made me feel at home and added a touch of "Minnesota nice" to my vacation. Overall, I would love to have this restaurant in my neck of the woods and look forward to returning there again someday. Fantastic!
My family and I came here for Father's Day brunch and it was absolutely fantastic everything from the service to the food. The decor was awesome, very rustic. Our server Torrance was amazing, he was extremely helpful in helping us pick out the best food and when it came down to the kitchen running out of steak for the steak and eggs, he happily substituted it with their juicy chicken and even gave our parents the choice of which chicken piece they wanted. The price wasn't bad for what we received, I've been to places that had horrible service and charged much more than yardbird. If you haven't been here, I would recommend you to go. It's a must!
I tend to only write on great places. This place is not only great, it's special. I have eaten here multiple times and cannot think of one sub-par experience. The outdoor seating is unique because of its proximity to busy Lincoln Rd yet you wouldn't know it, unless you knew it. The staff has always left us more than pleased. Now for the good stuff.... I have an unhealthy infatuation with the chicken biscuits. I mean, they claim they're not laced with some addictive narcotic but my body disagrees. Start with an order and I dare you not to order seconds. I lose that bet you lose.
Nice, young crowd.  Can get a little overcrowded.  Do not second guess the chicken and waffles.  Go for it. During my trip to.Miami I dined at great places and it is really hard to give Yard Bird a higher mark after going to Bazaar, BLT, etc.   But for it is good.food for a good price.
I live a couple blocks away from Yardbird so I have been anxiously waiting to try it.  The reviews I read have been mixed so I didn't really know what to expect.  The ambiance is great, I love the decoration and the style and atmosphere.  Unfortunately the food wasn't up to par.  I had ribs which where covered in sauce, way too much sauce for my taste and it was very sweet. The ribs where ok, it was a good portion of food.  My brother got the casserole and this was great, a small portion but very rich so it was filling.  My mom had the fried chicken and it was fair, my dad had the shrimp and grits and it was alright.  The menu is very limited so unless you  love one item I can't see it being a place that people would regularly visit as you would get bored with the menu.  They really need to change up the menu every month or so to add some variety.  I honestly don't have any intentions to go back in the near future unless some new items are on the menu as I feel I tried half the menu in one visit.  It is pretty expensive for what it is though! Four us ate, we each had a beer and I had a glass of bourbon and the bill was $175. On a positive note ;)  The bourbon selection is great, I had one called Rose or something like that and it was awesome.  The service was also very good, our waters were all always full and the food came out very quick.   It's worth checking out as there is nothing else like it on the beach.
A must while in Miami Beach!! The ambiance of the restaurant is very cool in itself. For food, we got the Chicken n' Sweet Potato Dumplings and Salad of Warm Brussell Sprout Leaves as appetizers. Both were really yummy; the dumplings dish was more of a stew thing but delish and the salad was the perfect serving for four people. For our entrees, my 3 friends and I shared the Ribs and Chicken and Waffles. I've never had chicken and waffles, but oh man it was out of this world. That is a definite must. The ribs were also amazing; they had slices of hot peppers on it which gave them a nice kick. The grits were delicious too, obviously. We got both plain and cheesy grits; if you really like cheese go with them, otherwise it might be too cheesy. We tried three different house cocktails, including the blackberry bourbon lemonade, all of them delicious. You'll leave very satisfied if you choose this place!
This is not just dinner, it's an experience! Yardbird was highly recommended by several of our friends back in Tulsa so we decided to give it a shot. Not only was the good excellent, but the service and ambiance were second to none. It's such a social atmosphere too! We talked to everyone around our table and it created an even better experience! Be social! I highly recommend Yardbird for your next Miami trip. Don't forget to try their famous fried chicken when you're there! I also had the deviled eggs and macaroni and cheese!
Their chicken and waffles is legit. Juicy and flavorful chicken is hard to find. Their stacked pork belly and fried green tomatoes were a mouth watering appetizer.
True rating is 2.5 stars.  I've had many a shi shi southern restaurant experience and I appreciate and upscale vibe.  However, what will the market bear??? Are you really trying to make me flinch.  When I saw that a half a friend chicken $27  I couldn't stop laughing.  The chicken was good but not better than my grandmothers.  Me and some of the other southerns looked dismayed at the menu...but hey this is south beach and in NO WAY REALITY.   So good for you Yard Bird if you can get away with it, but this too will pass.
Yardbird is on FIRE! This place was so unexpected. We were in Southbeach and wanted to check out a local brewery and found the Abbey. On our way in we saw Yardbird and had to look it up. Once we saw the reviews, we knew we werent going to be eating on Ocean Blvd that evening. We were going to have to eat at Yardbird. Let me break it down for you. 1. The place is off the beaten path. Away from all the commercialism and touristy bullshit near the beach. Its about 8 blocks off the beach which is apparently far enough to get you away from the souvenier shops. 2. Its comfortable. We sat out side on the patio and it was nice. 3. They have a good beer selection. There are some good east coast beers on the list but to my surprise, there was some good West coast representation too! 4. The food. Solid. Everything we ate was delicious.     a. Apps. We had the Fried Green Tomato BLT. It was MONEY! The pork belly they         use is amazing.     b. Entres are served family style so order a few. We had 4 people in our party,         ordered 3 entres and were fine. We got the Grilled Yankee Steak, Chicken         under a brick and the Fried Chicken. They were all awesome but the fried         chicken came with a sweet and hot sauce that put it over the top. Best food         we had on our trip to Florida.      c. The sides. They're served family style as well. We ordered the mashed          cauliflower and the mac and cheese. Both were amazing but the portion on          the mac and cheese is almost like a single portion. Definitiely not enough to          go around. This is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5. For the price of the          side, it should have been larger.       d. Deserts. We had the Pecan pie(w/ bourbon ice cream) and peach cobbler.           the deserts were small but perfect to end the meal with.       e. The service was on point. These guys like working here and you can tell. This is a great place to go if you want really well made food without all the pretentiousness of South Beach.
I will make this short and sweet.  Yardbird is awesome....okay, I'll elaborate a bit. lol.  I went to Yardbird with my wife for our one year anniversary and I've got to say it was well worth it.  We both love southern cooking but also wanted a little bit more than your local BBQ pitt stop for this memorable event.  We chose Yardbird and once we walked in, we were greeted by a smiling hostes.  The decor is beautifully designed and has a very cozy, yet modern feel.  You can see the kitchen working from almost any part of the restaurant and it's fun to see the fast paced wait staff darting around, as well.  Most of the seating is very close together, so be prepared to talk with your neighbor about their meal.  The waitstaff was also very helpful and courteous.  Finally, the food was absolutely delicious.  We ordered the meatloaf as an appetizer which was actually short ribs, the chicken and waffles as an entre which had a side of cut watermelon, and the pumpkin beignes as a dessert.  Each meal was shared and each meal was absolutely to die for.  The beer selection is also top notch but a tad bit limited; a very small price to pay for such a wonderful experience.
I should've known better. South Beach. Popular. Not good. This place is ridiculously overpriced and not worth 1/3 of what they chArge. $26 for four pieces of fried chicken?!?! I must be crazy. I've had better fried chicken in the hood. 27 hours? Please. A load of crap. The chicken had no taste. No crunch. No nothin. Shrimp and grits? Meh. Mac and cheese? Ok but definitely not worth $10. It's amazing what people think is good food in south Florida.
Let me start by saying that San Francisco has ruined food for me. I hold EVERYTHING to their standards now and nothing can quiet match up... so maybe i'd bump this to 3.5 stars... it really isn't bad at all but it's nothing to write home about. I had the special- 3 pieces of fried chicken that came with watermelon and a damn good biscuit. The chicken was lightly battered and the flavor was good. Meat was a little fatty but that's what you get with a thigh/wing/leg. The watermelon was weird- it was soaked in lemon or something that just quiet didn't quiet make sense. I wish I had ordered my friend's dish (he listened to the waiter's suggestion) - he had the brisket and it was so tender and mouthwatering, dripping with flavor- everything about it was good- it gets 4 stars. The drinks were made very well. I like unique, odd flavor combinations that one would never think of, or believe to work together yet somehow the flavors compliment each other.... and that's exactly how their drinks are... Atmosphere inside is chic and can be laid back or dressy- it's pretty, nice wood... but I can never pass up sitting outside on a beautiful day
I know as much about Southern cooking as a girl from Live Oak knows about kasha knishes.  So I went with a girl from Live Oak to help me navigate the menu. The best part of the meal was unquestionably watching the other customers and the assortment of supermodels and rap stars walking about Miami Beach on a late Friday afternoon.   My salad was excellent, but not enough to come back for.  The rest of the meal was less enjoyable than Pollo Tropical (I really like Pollo Tropical). Service started out beyond spectacular and dissolved into unacceptable. Clearly something was going on with our waiter, manager and the bus boys.   In the end, we just wanted to leave. Would I go back?  Yes, but not for the food or service.  I don't get out much.
This place is absolutely AMAZING!!! From the moment you walk in and view the decor you feel warm and comfortable. The staff is very attentive and super sweet.......and even the management pays attention and checks in on your experience! But the food is by far the show stopper! Everything my friends and I had was wonderful. We started with the Deviled Eggs (which has "redneck" caviar on top.....it provided a nice savory element), then moved onto the the Grilled Mango Salad......which has such bursts of flavors it was just awesome! We tried the Chicken Sandwich, the Frie Chicken, and the biscuits!!!! All totally worth it......especially with the honey tobacco sauce!!!! Hmmmmmm This place was soooo great we went back the next day for brunch!!!  And again, everything was so far above the bar I don't know who could do it better!!! The Shrimp n' Grits (w/ a fried egg on top as the server suggested) was better than anything I've ever had!!!  The waffle was pure heaven, and the omelet of the day (shrimp, spinach, and gruyere) was like eating heaven!!! Point is.....go and you won't be disappointed!!!
AMAZING! I always walk/drive by this place and didn't think much of it. We went last night and everything exceeded our expectations. We called ahead for reservations and even though the place was packed at 830pm, we were seated within 15min. The tables for 2 are a bit less private if you sit on their bench area. Its a long bench on one side small spaced out tables (about 2 feet apart) and a chair on the other side, making it a little too close for comfort with your table neighbors at times, but if you have cool peeps sitting next to you then its a good opportunity to comment on each others dishes lol. The corn was delicious!, the bacon salt chips awesome, the biscuits heavenly, the waffles so damn fluffy and tasty and the fried chicken was out of this world!!!!!!!! Everything was hot and fresh, the beers nice and cold and it was the first time I've ever found myself saying "drink up that beer because their service is efficient and the next will be here soon". Try it out, you won't regret it.
In the mood for some chicken waffle sweetness ? This is the spot. Great service, the right ambiance, and the food is finger licking good! Highly recommend the chicken biscuits, chicken and waffles, and the Mac and cheese is out of this world... All with a sweet tea. Carlos was our server and was on top of everything and very pleasant. Definitely will keep coming back.
For a restaurant that serves Gluten-Free they are not very knowledgeable about cross contamination and what GF really means. I would be very careful, my wife who is celiac, was disappointed since she was looking forward to trying a lot of the "GF" options on the menu...disappointed...I HOWEVER, did have the fried chicken, which was very good and the cocktails were awesome. Hostess was rude and nasty but manager was trying to make up for it. Very packed though so go early.
Wow! Fried chicken and waffles! Mac n cheese, shrimp n grits, biscuits with honey butter! All extremely flavorful and delicious!! Plently of boubon to chose from! And for dessert - smores!! Everything was out of this world, including service. Will definitely be back!!
Went on a Sunday night, food was amazing, we had the chicken biscuits omg heaven !!!! Fried chicken and mc n cheese were also very good. My bf ordered the ribs which were just ok.  Yumm will be back soon!
Great food, great atmosphere.  Had the fried chicken, Brunswick stew, apple pie, banana cream custard dessert, and a drink called "the pork chop." All great! Service was excellent.
Omg loved this place when I visited Miami! The food was amazing! One of the best spots I tried out. Also the service is great!! Try the shrimp and grits and fried green tomato!! Delicious
I don't know if my family and I went at the wrong time or whatsoever. But first, MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A RESERVATION.  They say 1 hour of waiting but truly is 2 hours.
I am visiting a friend in miami who insisted that we needed to go here.  I can definitely understand why.  The food and serve were both delightful, with classic southern fare prepared superbly.  The chicken and biscuits are a must try, and the chicken under a brick was excellent as well. I also appreciated the in depth knowledge about the food that was offered by our server.
awesome place! I was in Miami for 4 days and I ate there 3 of them. The food and portions were perfect and our server Matt was so accommodating and helpful and just added to our experience. If you find yourself in Miami, I highly suggest eating there.
I usually don't go for Southern Cooking but for some reason I wanted to try this place.  I am glad I did because on the walk over there I thought of Fried Chicken and Waffles and to my surprise it was on the menu.  Then again, it is a pretty common entree on some menus these days.  The atmosphere was casual and rustic.  You definitely need a reservation for this place since it gets very busy and probably would have to wait awhile if you walked in.  It would be worth the wait but a reservation would help. We were seated at a community table near the kitchen which gave us the opportunity to see all of the food coming out.  As I sat there and saw all the food prepared waiting to be served I wanted order every dish on the menu.  Thank goodness my husband and I like to share our food.  I started off with a the Butter lettuce and Mango salad.  So delicious!  Then we split the Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken and had a side of the Buttermilk Biscuits.  We were torn between ordering a few starter dishes instead of one entree and I did notice that many people did just that.  This was such a great meal but I have to say it was really filling too.  Oh yes, we did have the blueberry cobbler too.  Such a great meal.  Don't want to forget to tell you about the house drinks too.  They are known for their bourbon drinks and they were some of the best I have ever had and I don't even drink bourbon. I am looking forward to going back and trying something different.  I hope I can do that and not order the same things we had since it was fantastic!
I came to Yardbird for Sunday brunch. I had made my reservation two weeks in advance on OpenTable and had to wait about 5 mins to be seated. The restaurant gets extremely clouded so I don't recommend you to just walk in because they do not have a seating area for you to wait so you'll have to wait outside for about 45+ mins. I really liked the atmosphere although it was very loud and if you are lucky enough to get seated in the couples area where the tables are really close together, you'll be able to hear all kind of stories. A lot of tourists come here so get ready! The drinks are quite awesome and the food portions are large so make sure you come hungry. Since I knew I wasn't going to eat the healthiest food I went for carbs: I ordered the mac n cheese (delish but a bit salty), the pancakes (amazing!), the biscuits (a must!) and I eventually had to get some protein so we had the Slow Braised Short Ribs Sandwich. The service is OK but our server seemed to care more about getting us more drinks and forgetting to refill our water.
Ok ok... 2 stars? really? i know... people love this place. All my friends do. To top it off i'm not really in the business of writing negative reviews... but... dude... this place is sooo MEH. I've experienced better (what marks a 2 star) I went to Yardbird with BIG expectations. All my friends rave about the fried chicken, the mac n cheese, the southern comfort food... and i'm a big food lover, so naturally i eventually decided it was time to clog my arteries and go check out this fat factory ( i say this but mind you, i love fatty foods, not its not negative lol) I ordered what everyone recommended and... MEH. The chicken was OK. it wasnt mind blowing. Dare i say publix ready made fried chicken is better? yes... i dare :/ The mac and cheese was nothing special. nothing compared to Burger and Beer Joint's special mac n cheese with truffle oil and bacon bits.... NOTHING. tried some other bites off friends plates... all i have to say is i was underwhelmed. the service was good and the ambiance was fun and loud and bussling and its a great place to go with friends. very lively .but the food was really Meh. and yes overpriced for what it is... but i don't usually categorize my stars with price. just letting y'all know... ok dassit. peace and larva
Let's start off with the Decor which is very cool and down to earth. You can already tell by walking in this place is going to be good because it fits with the southern theme. There COCKTAIL ilst is awesome. I had the Kentucky Mule which was awesome. They definitely know how to make a cocktail! APPETIZERS we had Fried Green Tomatoes which was absolutely delicious. The Meatloaf app was also incredible and I loved the touch of cauliflower mash puree. DINNER we had fried chicken which was also very tasty and the Ribs which were not my favorite. They were very tough. DESSERT we had Summer Peach Cobbler which was very tasty. The ice cream was absolutely a great pair with the cobbler. Looking forward to going back!
The food was great but our waiter was terrible. Anytime we would ask about items on the menu--like if there was meat in some of the dishes or if they served decaf tea--he did not know the answers. This would have been forgiven if it was not for his terrible service; he would laugh and tell us he did not know, rather than ask the chef and additionally forgot several people's dishes. 3 people at our table of 8 watched while the rest of our table finished our meal--they would wait at least half hour before ever receiving theirs. I do have to compliment the managerial staff though: after we complained, they comp'ed half the meal. The atmosphere was great and again, so was the food, but they should seriously think about training their staff better.
We just happened to stumble on this place on our way to the Abbey Brewery by Lincoln Road. When we saw the Restaurant crammed with people, and a little off the beaten path, we knew we had discovered a gem! I am not exaggerating when I say this was the best chicken, ribs, and randomly... fried green tomatoes I have EVER had! They encourage sharing at the Yardbird, which I am personally a fan of! However the food is not served in huge "family style" portions too big to finish, but is rather just enough for two or three people to enjoy.  The plates don't  come with sides so those are ordered separately. There were three of us and we ordered the fried chicken, ribs, corn, french fries, and fried green tomatoes. We savored every bite and kept commenting on how amazed we were at the tenderness and flavor... and as I said, it was just enough. Not a morsel left behind and just enough room for dessert! The chicken was moist and juicy, the ribs fell entirely off the bone with one bite, and the mixture of pimento cheese and bacon on the fried green tomatoes was like heaven in your mouth! The pecan pie with bourbon ice cream was also to die for! I only wish there was a Yardbird in the greater Los Angeles area, so I wouldn't have to go all the way to Florida to enjoy this food again! If you are near South Beach, Miami this is a must go.
I'm a huge lover of fried chicken, don't know how that happened since I'm an Italian from Jersey and grew up on macaroni every Sunday. Came here with the boyfriend and had dinner and drinks. Mehhh. Don't get me wrong the food is good but I think it's a little inflated in price. Yes I know were in Miami Beach but if I wanted small portions of overpriced food and weak 15$ cocktails I could walk two blocks over to Lincoln road. If they dropped the prices a little or did a good happy hour or stopped being jigger nazis with the booze they'd have a regular out of me.
AMMMMAZING! This place is a must visit in Miami!
Yardbird's southern cuisine was more than comforting. In town for a friend's bachelorette party on Labor Day weekend, we decided to make a reservation there on Sunday night for our group of ten. Initially our reservation was at 7:30 that night but around 6:30 some of us expresses interest in eating later. I called the restaurant expecting the host to be annoyed for canceling and/or no later reservations. Not only was the host pleasant, courteous, and professional over the phone, but we were able to switch our reservation to 9pm. About 10 minutes from South Beach (driving), Yardbird was a nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle of where we were staying. When we arrived, it was very busy and there was not a lot of room to wait for our table, but the manager brought over samples of one of their custom made drinks (Southern Revival) for us to try. We were seated within 10 minutes. The food was delicious--just make sure you are hungry when you go there. It was nice to see families, couples, and groups of friends all in the same place--a very eclectic crowd. Our server was more than polite and very savvy about the food on the menu, but almost to the point where I was getting the impression her efforts weren't genuine. Also there was a small mix up ordering their classic bourbon revival cocktail. We ordered around 6 of them--1 with vodka instead of bourbon. When she brought them to the table, the debate over which drink had the vodka and which had the bourbon ensued. When we asked her to confirm which was which, she answered and then added that she was sure because she saw the "bartender make all of them with vodka [by mistake] and throw them out." Unnecessary guilt trip. Needless to say, we felt uncomfortable sending the drinks back. Instead, the unknown drinks sat lonely on the table for the rest of dinner despite continuous attempts to enjoy a drink we weren't sure we ordered. Also, despite his good intentions, I was surprised when the manager brought over ketchup-sized bowls with two small chunks of bacon to make up for the inconvenience of waiting for another plate. Not only did we have more than enough food on the table, but no one asked if we wanted bacon. Personally I don't eat bacon, but no one lose at the table touched it either. I'm all for making the customer happy and having a go-to dish that's simple when the restaurant makes a mistake, but this bacon was the most pathetic attempt to take our mind off of the issue at hand.
Southern table and bar.....yes just like the name states. Awesome, fresh food. Been here for brunch on Sundays and for lunch during the week. Anytime I visited here I can always count on great service and quality food. The Fried chicken is incredible. Not a lot of tourists frequent this place because it is closer to Alton Road and not Collins. Very busy place with seems to be locals every time I have been here will continue to return on a regular basis.
Everything was excellent about this place. The atmosphere, the presentation, the food, EVERYTHING. My friend and I sat outside and ordered cocktails which were brought out in mason jars (always charming). We ordered the fried mac and cheese and the chicken and waffles and *_*. We must have looked like animals, we completely stopped talking solely to stuff our mouths with the delicious food in front of us. I will definitely be going back! The service was friendly and charming as well!
Wow. The food, the presentation, the service - all top notch! Ishmael is a great server. Even the busser, Giardo's, professional and personable attitude is commendable. Make sure to request Ish's section when you come :)
5 stars. Ordered the Crunchy Yardbird Sandwich which was delicious and had a little kick to it (it comes with a small salad too). Got the Mac n cheese as a side and all I can say is Yummy. This is how southern food should be. The service was fantastic too.
If you want a true "Miami Twist" to southern cooking get to Yardbird Southern Table and Bar. For those who are drinking there is a bible of cocktails from which to choose. Especially if you are a fan of Bourbon. Very nice wines by the bottle or glass. Perfectly crispy and moist friend chicken and bisquits with amazing sides. In everything that we tried there was an amazing marriage of flavors. I had the Oyster stew app that was divine. Really intense flavors; the best I have ever had. I then had the quail dish which was quite good and interesting. I had never had quail before and I really enjoyed it. Again, different intense flavors...delicious!!! The dessert choices were limited but all looked amazing. I don't mind a short dessert menu so that it's less confusing. We had the layered vanilla ice cream caramel sundae with bacon, candied pecans and marshmallow cream. There is ony one small crispy piece of bacon placed as a garnish and it was such a great savory and sweet treet. Just fabulous!!!!! Come hungry because most portions are extremely generous. You are encouraged to share. They have a nice selection of apps and "small Reservations are a must. We are in town for 2 weeks and it took me 6 days to get reservation.
Awesome mac n cheese! The $27 fried chicken was overpriced and a bit too dry for my tastes. Seasoning was unique but too dry and not worth the $27 price tag! I didn't mind the cheese waffle but my friend did not like her's. You either like cheese on it or you don't bc its just too weird! Biscuits were pretty good, too!
Everything is delicious. Catfish sandwich and sautéed greens are amazing.
The food was amazing no wonder reservations aren't easy to come by here. The atmosphere is great. There for brunch we ordered the Elvis pancakes, fried green tomatoes, omelette, and chicken and biscuit sandwich. I've never been a huge fan of fried green tomatoes but I was definitely blown away by theirs! My only complaint was that it was way too warm temperature wise inside. I'm looking forward to returning here for dinner.
Every single time. I love this place. Get the fried chicken, waffles and watermelon. Heavenly. For brunch. Dinner is great too, but eat this for brunch and go and sleep on the beach for the afternoon. A Bloody Mary helps, too. Writing this review right now makes me want to go back, and I just had dinner. The beer selection is fine, the bourbon selection is great. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and you should let them goad you into getting the biscuits. Go on. Do it. What's the worst that could happen?
Chicken n' Biscuit are rock solid but the rest of the meal was just OK i keep going back just for that one dish, but its always great .. Service..... The hostess needs to lose her attitude, but the rest of the staff is always very friendly and service is great
Amazing restaurant! Everything I had was absolutely delicious. Spiced watermelon, so simple yet so tasty. Charcuterie board is something you MUST order. The pimento cheese bacon marmalade is to die for, beef jerky is the softest I've had. Farm cheese and beet salad was phenomenal. If you're going to order drinks step out of your comfort zone and have the waiter recommend bourbons for you to try. If you don't like bourbon the mixed drinks are pretty good (my non bourbon  drinking friend loved hers). Overall one of the best meals I've had in a while and a great warm cozy atmosphere.
Amazing food. Very nice people. Great servers, awesome ambiance. I absolutely LOVE this place!!!! The biscuits are the BEST I've EVER had!!! Highly recommend it!
The epitome of southern comfort food! Well made, delicious, huge portions, and friendly staff. My friends and I were coming from a spring break trip in Miami (from NYC) and found this little gem on yelp. We had an hour or so to kill before our flight and thought it'd be a good spot for lunch. I had the chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes and green bean casserole. My friends all ordered other dishes (maple pecan pork chops, pulled pork sliders, etc) everything was delicious and amazing! Despite being stuffed we ordered one peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream. Soooo rich, creamy and indulgent! I'll be in the gym for hours just to work it off but sooooo worth it. Side note: after being dropped off via taxi I realized there were no taxis to be found near the restaurant (we came from the resort area  of South Beach) our waiter (I regretfully forgot his name) offered to drop us all (all FIVE of us!) to the Miami airport!!! Now if THAT isn't southern hospitality, I don't know what is!!! This place is awesome! Both the food and the staff. I highly recommend!
I've been to Yardbird so many times. So many great food memories. It's just so fascinating how I can remember each visit just by associating it with the specific texture of the meal. All right, let me get tot he review. Yardbird is great. It's southern food, but not really. They try to replicate the feel of "the dinner table" which is a sense of comfort I think a lot of restaurants are trying push. Though, that type of atmosphere is special and one-in-a-million and belongs to specific type of restaurants-- usually ones that aren't off Lincoln and Alton. However, if you sorta accept Yardbird for what it is-- southern food made fine, then it's rewarding and cathartic almost. Bourbon: This is one of the few places to go in Miami for some really superb bourbon cocktails. The Southern Revival and the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade are among some of the best I've had at any restaurant. The Mint Julep, too, was great, though it was a bit sugary. Small Shares: The Melons and Cheese dish isn't on the menu anymore, which is a shame because it's some of the most complex-tasting dishes. That farm cheese they use deteriorates in your mouth and scatters into oblivion while the melon harnesses the sweetness. Insanely good. Fried Tomato BLT of course is a must. Large Shares: Man, I can't even start. The Sweet Tea ribs are on another level. One special they had at some point was a beef ribs dish with a queso. Insane. The fried chicken is good, but it leaves a bit more to desire. The honey tabasco saves it a bit, but the chicken tastes like basic fried chicken to me. Veggie pot pie (which isn't on the menu anymore) is also excellent and hearty. Desserts: Drop everything and taste that pecan pie. I'm huge on pecan pie and have tasted a lot of the pies Miami offers-- none come close to Yardbird's pecan pie. A-la-mode with bourbon ice cream and caramel. Just eat it, please. Yardbird is a Miami-must. Definitely pricey so save it for a special occasion. I'm a huge supporter of Yardbird and I even bought my sister and brother-in-law a gift card for Christmas. Don't expect  mom's cooking, or that idea of mom's cooking. Expect the idea of her sons re-interpreting her cooking. If you know what I mean.
I have eaten in many of the best restaurants in the country from Jean Georges to Bouchon, all of Batali's places, and countless others. This is the best brunch I've ever eaten, bar none.   I lived in Miami, and recently moved back to San Francisco.  The service in Miami is horrendous compared to any other big city.  But NOT here.  The service was excellent, the staff attentive, and quite frankly, it was the best brunch food I've ever eaten. Minus the server not recognizing I ordered the Bell's Oberon Draft, which was out, and being served a Bell's Amber, it was flawless.   My friends and I went there for lunch on Friday and Brunch on Saturday.   Truly outstanding.
Wow, really creative touch to simple southern dishes. Love the Shrimp Grits, awesome, not what I expected! Will go back as often as possible, next time leaving the kids home, no appreciation for the awesome food! More for me and Daddy!
Went here last month for my birthday. Sadly it was a rainy day but the food more than made up for it. The biscuits with honey butter and jams were soooooo good. The watermelon was so refreshing. Ordered the fried chicken...best I have ever had, and I have been to blue ribbon, the redhead...go when you are in the south beach area!!!
Amazing "comfort food"! The pork chop is to die for as well as the fried chicken, Mac and cheese, ect ect. Every time I've gone the wait to be seated was a bit long but I never minded considering they have the biggest bourbon menu you well ever glance as well as many crafted cocktails. Highly recommended!
Can I give 20 stars? This place was recommended to me by a friend for my trip to Miami..BEST MEAL we had! We arrived on a Thursday night and it was mobbed. We had to wait. We didnt care. A packed restaurant is a sign of good food. So we sat at the bar and enjoyed cocktails for about 40 minutes until we got to our table. One person in our party needed a strict gluten free menu and they were very accomodating and gave her a menu with the specific items she could have circled and clearly noted. We had to share the chicken and biscuits-Un-freaking-believable-the fried green tomatoes, the fries with bacon salt and the lettuce wedge. We shared the ribs and a chicken under a brick...we were so so so stuffed and happy. I just wsh we had more people so we could order more thing! I will definitely come back here if I ever return to Miami!
If you suffer from coronary artery disease, diabetes, high cholesterol, don't go. Fried Chicken is HEAVILY breaded (City Hall's Chix is tastier), with the accompanied citrus pepper watermelon a bit turned (left under warming lights too long)  Ribs were dry and rather flavorless.  Other than the Mac 'n Cheese (which is a small 6-8OZ pot at $9), there's nothing for kids to eat - too much pepper, too much spice, etc.  Rather sad when one considers that many neighborhood families come to eat and they bring their kids/grands, etc. Pricing is a bit high for the food being offered.  Service was fine, but when the locals come in (and they STREAM IN), it's hard to hear the waitstaff.   Bar is really small considering the expansive Bourbon listing, and custom southern cocktails, and hugh drink menu. Parking is a bear as this is in a neighborhood where most streets are residential permit.  17th street parking garage is probably the best bet. Been there, done that.  Now it's time to move on.
This is currently the best restaurant on Miami Beach. Amazing Bourbon cocktails and Entrees. I recommend the chicken and waffles. Also the brussel sprouts
I had been waiting to go to Yardbird since they opened. Being in the business myself, I know how new restaurants can have hiccups, so it's best to let them work it out and come back a little later down the line. So I finally made it in for Saturday brunch today. WORST IDEA EVER. I entered, was given the worst attitude from the hostess, told there was a wait (which is fine) upon seating at the bar, within seconds a bartender making a drink spilled it all over me and my bag! Wow, worst freaking part,  she never even apologized! Never even made eye contact once. Another bartender and a bus person jumped to help me. One bartender offered me a drink on the house and I accepted, but they were so obviously flustered when they poured it straight out of the bottle in front of me it was spilled all over the counter. The entire experience was so unpolished and aggressive! Meanwhile while we were on a "wait" the hostess sat table after table in front of us, maybe because we weren't a desirable table of four, just two people. Sadly once at the table, the service was sub par. They were out of the dish I had been waiting for, and never offered once to refill my husband's ice tea. I thought after all this b.s on the way out the door I might ask for a manager. But judging by the way they had obliviously been walking around the restaurant, not noticing a single aspect, I figured, why bother! My expectations were far to high for this overrated crapshoot.
Another great dining experience!  Food and drinks were fabulous and our server was perfect!
Spot was OK. After reading all the reviews, I was expecting a bit more. Food was good don't get me wrong. But $27 for chicken that was OK is a bit much. Not to be plebian but Popeyes chicken tastes better. Bacon was excellent. Pancakes were pretty good and fluffy.  Dropped $170 in there just now for mothers day. Wifey was happy and kids had fun. Waiter was good. Spot is worth trying, but for me, the rave reviews are not deserved. Maybe if I had drunk a couple of the blackberry burbons, it would have been better. Had we waited a long time I would have been upset. Overall, a bit disappointed. Food is okay thus making it overpriced. Good service, nice ambiance. C+  i wanted to please the wife on her day and take her some place she has been wanting to go for a minute. So i acquiesce. Next time,  I am going to stay "bourgeoisie" and go to eden roc or Ritz Carlton.
Hmmmm... what can I say... I really wanted to LOVE this place... and the truth is, that it was an enjoyable experience as a whole.  We had the "famous" chicken & biscuits and they were ok, i guess i was expecting more after the hype.  We shared a salad which we enjoyed and then we decided to share the ribs.  Heres where I had an issue.... we were told they were baby back ribs & they "fall off the bone" and i think that is the description on the menu.  However, they are extra large ribs.  They do fall off the bone, but then they are tough to cut and have these extra little bones in them... anyway, it was dissapointing.  Great environment with seating outside and I would return, but just not for the ribs, lol.
I ate lunch there on its first lunch day. Lots of positives. First, the fried chicken was superlative. Good crunch and flavor plus it was juicy. The watermelon was a welcome accompaniment. The waffle fries were perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. I was a bit nervous because it was the first day and i had heard rumors of scattershot service, so I was pleasantly surprised. The space is well-designed and interesting. My small nits: the biscuit was anything but airy and it was not a success. The waffle fries were broken into small pieces (although as I mentioned they were good). I was not keen on the draft beer selections, but at least there was variety. Kudos to McInnis and the Lime team.
I found myself sitting in a restaurant full to the max, people were waiting  be seated at tables. The hostess was attentive and friendly. The table was a little cramped, like they had squeezed in 2 tables to many, putting us so close to the next table that I now know way too much about 2 couples who live in Miami. The waiter was very good, and the food was very tasty. The strange thing about the whole experience was I was sitting in a barn wood paneled room that had simple country / rustic décor and bluegrass music played a little too loud. I was amazed that in this atmosphere the edgy, tattooed, pierced, tanned, young culturally diversified crowd seemed to love it. I live in rural Virginia where this is restaurant would be one of many ---not an odd placed restaurant for comfort food. My shrimp and grits with VA ham, was very tasty and Hubby enjoyed the omelet of the day. The price was a little high for our town but in Miami it was average, and we had food to take home for a snack later. I would eat at the Yardbird again.
I am french fry person and they have fries with bacon salt, so with this, they won me over :)
Get the Yardbird Crispy Sandwich! You will absolutely not be disappointed.   Visited here August 2013 and had a wonderful experience. The fried chicken is really great here, as well as all of the other dishes we tried: biscuits, shrimp and grits, and lemon chess pie. All were delicious, flavorful, and perfectly executed. There has been a lot written about a lot of these dishes, I though I agree with all the positive reviews, the one that really stood out was the crispy chicken sandwich. I really highly recommend ordering that. Otherwise, service was perfect, although I have to mention we came for lunch on a weekday and I'm certain the place gets quite busy on weekends.  I've also heard the brunch is out of this world.  Cannot wait to go back.
For me, Yardbird deserves 3 1/2 stars for food and the other half star to put it up to 4 is for their customer service. I've been several times and it's always been a pleasant meal but what disappointed me the most was that I couldn't find a cocktail that spoke to me...and then I met Chris. He walked over to our table (I believe he's a manager) and asked the standard question a manager would ask its customers, "How are you enjoying your meals?" My friend and I replied that we were content but I laid the truth on him. I told him that in my opinion, none of the cocktails I had tasted since my first visit were good. Mind you, I was enjoying a white rascal and was not expecting him to try to wow me with a cocktail to prove me wrong (that and it was lunch time on a workday...not trying to go back to work buzzed...well maybe just a little). Immediately you could tell he wasn't going to allow me to walk out without trying to change my mind. He told me he might come back with a surprise. Sure enough, he walked over with a drink that HE prepared himself called the old confederate. He swore that the drink would not disappoint and that he was the great mind behind the cocktail. I took a sip and told him it was a no go but that I appreciated his efforts. AGAIN, he was not going to settle for an "Oh well, I tried!" So he went back to the bar and had one of the bartenders make the same drink. They got it right on the second try; it was delicious! Chris, thanks for confirming that exceptional customer service still exists, even in the rude Miami Beach.
Bourbon cocktails are creative and great.  Out of five entrees we shared, shrimp with grits was favorite.  Everything was excellent.  Waiter Mike was perfect and pushed us out of our norm and never disappointed.  Get a circular booth for a party of 5 or more!
READ THIS FIRST: Maybe the web address of "runchickenrun.com" is appropriate because Yardbird, sh!t the coop. My accomplice and I hit it at 7:15 on a Friday. The place was killing it and the vibe paralleled the noise level. Miami Arm Candy at half the tables. Democrats and Republicans alike, there to drink away the short comings of their respective political parties. After a drink or so, I was all set for some good cookin' when the first dish arrived.  I was not sure what to think untill I had that first bite, then it flashed in my head what Yardbird realy was.  It was a clever and well written menu showcasing what turned out to be mediocre price point production food with a hitch. It was much of the same old ingredients executed in an unfortunately familiar lack luster fashion. The difference being pairing of certain flavor profiles and a few interesting, if not simple technique tweaks. In the end, its failures were weak recipes, lackluster choice of acompaniments and poor execution which were systemic in all our dishes. The most glaring offense being a special of "Rabbit Two Ways" This thing was a Planned Parenthood candidate from the ground up and should have never EVER made the menu. Service was very good in all, management was Johnny on The Spot and corrected the fialed dish on the check and then had a brief but enjoyable conversation with us before going back to stuffing wads of cash in the registers. Worth noting was the speed at which many of our dishes came out, entirely too fast to have been prepared to "our" order. Likely some sort of a "rush-stock" system. Yeah, I made that word up, but you get my drift. Barring all the horseshit I just lamented above, my buddy, Chuckles The Food Whore probably nailed it on the head when simply stating, "We obviously ordered wrong".  Lets hope that's the case.
Walked there from South Beach on Urban Beach Weekend (Memorial Day Weekend), almost 1 mile.  Well worth the stroll. Saturday night, packed, no reservations, and our wait was minutes. We were seated across from the cooks bar.  We saw bountifully prepared entrees.  They all looked delicious.  Our party of six enjoyed the Chicken Biscuit, Chicken and Waffles, Oyster Stew soup, macaroni and cheese, Kale, Shrimp and Grits, and all of us were simply  overwhelmed by how delicious everything was. The Kale was surprisingly a great substitute for any kind of greens.  The Blackberry Boubon Lemonade was terrific.  Can't wait for our return visit.
Went there at 11am for brunch and left around 9pm! If that tells you something! I ate the most delicious French toast with so many different sides and mimosas!!! Then obviously switch the a very fine white wine that kept me going, talking and enjoying my day!!! The music is great! The food is delicious and the decor especially the antique bar it is just beautiful!
I live down the street, and this is one of my boyfriend and I's favorite spots to invite friends. Ambience is great; Jamie, the manager/host, is seriously adorable and is incredibly sweet to us every time we come. Her, along with all of the staff,  give us the BEST treatment. Having been on South Beach for over 2 years, and eaten many dinners out... This by far has the nicest staff of anywhere I've ever dined. I love the mojitos. And, of course the food. The chicken and biscuits, and the fried chicken are the best I've ever had in my life. I will never eat these foods anywhere but Yardbird. Every time I go I have an amazing time! Highly recommend!
This is one of the best restaurants in Miami. Phenomenal food and service. Must try if you haven't already.
Who would have thought that little run down grocery store that once occupied this space could be transformed into such a beautiful Southern- themed establishment so frequented by many. The food is amazing. Diet Schmiet! Best friend chicken I've ever had, seriously. Love the spicy mint watermelon and the bisquits.... order more and take 'em home because you'll be thinking about them later. Decor is fabulous and service is friendly and fast! The drinks are delicious, too. This is not a "flash in the pan" (sure, pun intended)  kind of restaurant which is so typical on Miami Beach. This place is here to stay and we're happy it is!
I am surprised at how this restaurant always pops up in top 10 lists in Miami and people tend to ask if you've been there. Not really impressed by this place. It was OK. My favorite things here were the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade and the pork belly that came with our fried green tomato BLT small plate recommended to us by the waiter. We came with another couple and split a few dishes to get a good taste of the menu. These are the dishes ordered that we thought were just OK: deviled eggs, chicken n' watermelon n' waffles, charred okra, and macaroni and cheese.   The ambiance is really nice though and the drinks all have bourbon and look pretty and tasty, I'd come back for drinks!
I had heard from family how great Yardbird was and for my birthday we decided this would be a great way to start the day - BRUNCH. Our waiter was incredibly polite, walking us through all of the menu options and recommending the dishes that would make our first Yardbird experience top notch. The touches throughout the space are great: the napkin wraps, the lighting, the variety of stools and chairs, the stunning collection of Bourbon (wow!), the way the menu is organized, and even the bathroom keeps with the overall feel of the space. As for our food we ordered: BLT Benedict Cast Iron Casserole, Kale Salad, Salad of Warm Brussels Sprout Leaves, '77 Elvis Pancakes, House Made Maple Pecan Granola, Morning Quiche, Jar of Corn Bread, and the Macaroni and Cheese. The BLT Casserole and Macaroni & Cheese were by far the best. The casserole was warm, delicious with just enough of everything. A 5-cheese recipe for the Macaroni & Cheese pretty much demanded a vote for an automatic favorite. The Kale Salad featured corn bread croutons (great idea), the '77 Pancakes were thick and fluffy with a generous portion of peanut butter (butter butter, not peanut butter), the Morning Quiche had good balance and was wonderfully flavored with goat cheese, The Jar of Corn bread was both light and rich and not too sweet, and the granola was without a doubt homemade and the addition of basil to the yogurt was icing on the cake. Great way to start your morning - especially with a fun crowd of hungry people.
Ive been here twice, both times have been great. Fried chicken is amazing. BLT salad is amazing. Fried green tomatoes are amazing. Everything is amazing! Friendly staff and great service! Love sitting outside, great ambiance and breeze. Will be going back!
I will never be able to look at fried chicken the same way as I did. I'm telling u, this thing is GOOD and I'm very picky when it comes to food, if I don't like I won't eat it, period. The Mac-n-Cheese is great, made with aged cheese... yummm I can still smell it. Awesome. The watermelon with fried cheese, also amazin'. The biscuits are not dry at all, they're tasty and buttery! The desserts.. well, they are to die for. (We orded the sweet potato donuts w/ bacon ice cream, if u like sweet and salty u'll enjoy this.) The whole ambiance and decor are great, nice staff and very welcoming. And to top it all, the other night we took our friends to try this amazing fried chicken but we were told they were out of it (yeah... it's like mcdonalds running out of fries... i kno) but later through dinner Chef McInnis came to our table and appologized since he only had dark meat left and didn't want to serve that, so he brought a plate of fried chicken w/ waffles ON THE HOUSE! Word of mouth is very important in the hospitality business, and you guys are doin' a great job. Keep on it and we will be back for some more chicken deliciousness.
Amazing food! Ordered the oysters for starters. They were delicious. Matter of fact everything I ordered was amazing. This included, fried chicken, roasted corn, mac & cheese, green beans, biscuits & fries. I would eat at this place every week if I lived close enough. Service was great and the ambiance was comfortable. Would recommend to anyone that is visiting. Stay out of the tourist traps and eat here.
The fried chicken, biscuit and jam is so delish! May be the best I have ever had! Cocktail options are great and so is the service and management team.
And it's just like honey When your love comes over me Oh baby I've got a dependency Always strung out for another taste of your honey* I was reminded of this pre-skank Mariah song as I bit into a delicious chicken biscuit, because it was drizzled with sweet, sweet honey and after I finished my two biscuits, I wanted more.  I felt like I was strung out, just looking for my next hit of that tasty bird.  The only slight frowny face was that the biscuits were a little overdone which made them a touch dry. To complement the chix, I also had the bacon salt french fries with the buttermilk dipping sauce.  There were actually chunks of bacon mixed in with the fries.  Had I died and gone to heaven?  Those bacon salt fries were amazing, lightly dusted with salt, just like Mariah would have been in the video for "Honey" when she's on the jet ski, the sea water drying on her firm, supple skin, leaving her besprinkled with shiny salt crystals. To round out this decadence, my handsome and efficient waiter recommended the mac and cheese, which was very good.  Great flavors, not overly gooey with the cheese.  I really liked it. This was all washed down with a Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan Nut Brown Ale, one of my favorite beers. One of my all time favorite meals in Miami Beach.  Actually the best meal I've ever had in Miami Beach. Oh oh honey got me hooked on you ________________________________________ * if you watch her on "American Idol" her face looks really, really different now  youtu.be/w3KOowB4k_k
I've had the pleasure of dining at Yardbird 2x. First time I ordered the fried chicken and watermelon, had a stomach ache for two days. Second time is a charm, ordered the BLT, another stomach ache but it only lasted 1 day. Maybe i just need to build myself up to eating this kind of heavy, greasy fare. Not really sure. Yardbird is a gorgeous restaurant  with a great vibe. I gave it 3 stars for location and maybe I will revisit for a drink but no food. Update- i gave Yardbird another shot and I'm so glad I did. The customer service was fantastic. I  had the chicken and waffles w/watermelon- everything was perfect. Our drinks were great, the waiter was great. I didn't notice any smokey, greasy smell as in previous trips.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because 95% of the music is terrible. I like the bluesy songs but then a few songs came on that were so ear splitting we found ourselves hurrying up to leave. Yardbird should stick with Blues jams and steer clear of any song with an electric guitar. I am revising my rating to a 4 star. I plan on revisiting Yardbird in a few weeks. UPDATE ***August 26, 2012***** Went for snacks and drinks at the bar. I would like to revise my rating to 4.5 stars. The food was delicious, drinks were fantastic and service was wonderful. The Bartender was attentive, entertaining and quite pleasant.
I have been to Yardbird 6 times since it opened. The food on all occasions has been exceptional. Tried menu staples (fried green tomato blt, Mac and Cheese, fries, fried chicken, salads) which are all yummy! But what makes this place top notch are special little touches to each dish. Delicious house made pickled veggies, peach cobbler as a side to the BLT, or the sausage stuffed fried peppers on the side of an amazing pork roast. Also, the specials are innovative and thoughfully prepared.. You have to go for it at this place. Try foods that your wouldn't normally eat, and order several small plates to share. Plus, there is nothing like this place on south beach. I live within walking distance and will probably be taking a break from the Lincoln road staples. Yardbird is just so much better then anything on Lincoln! Finally, the service is wonderful. Servers are friendly, mangers check in, and the hostess remembers you. Family friendly, my two year old daughter has been twice for dinner and twice for lunch! She loves the fries, corn x 3, and cookie plate! Thanks Yardbird for bringing delicious, inventive, seasonal food to our neighborhood!
Awful. Overpriced and not that great. I ordered the chicken biscuits, when the waiter came one biscuit fell on the floor. Not only did the waiter not bring me another one, he charged me the full $14.00 for the snack sized over greased deep fried KFC like snack. I learned later that the management dings the staff for any mix up or mistake. Tourist trap! Expensive and not that great.
I was always intrigued by the crowds waiting outside the restaurant on weekend nights, specially because the building is unassuming and about a block away from Alton Rd and Lincoln Rd, not in any particular "hot" location. We decided to check it out after hearing that it basically served "upscale" southern comfort food. Last year we spent a week traveling in St. Augustine, Savannah and Charleston, and wanted to compare it's menu to the delights we encountered in those southern cities. We had reservations for 10:30pm but arrived almost an Hour early, the hostess was very attentive and found us a table in about 15 minutes, nice. I like the ambiance and decor,and the crows are energetic and mostly young. We ordered the spare ribs, the catfish and shrimp with grits. I particularly was looking forward to taste the Shrimp with Grits, since I had this same dish at Paula Deen's Lady and Sons restaurant in Savannah and it was amazing. Yardbird's version was a match, excellent indeed. The ribs were very good, but a bit dry. The cat fish was tasty but he batter was a bit overloaded with cooking oil, making it very heavy. In terms of drinks the selection is very good with many exotic choices. I like wine, so I ordered a glass of Malbec, which unfortunately was past its prime (bitter). The place deserves a 5* (food, ambiance and service), but the (minor) issues with the ribs and cat fish, and the so-so Malbec, along with a price range that is on the expensive side, I decided to knock off one star. Recommended!
Yardbird is a nice dinner spot in Miami Beach that doesn't feel touristy and is a nice change up from the Latin cuisine. Feels slightly sophisticated, but friendly and relaxed. It's a little pricey but the atmosphere is nice, and it seems dining in this area just tends to be on the higher side. The cocktails are fun and great, especially if you love Bourbon or Whiskey and are beautifully presented. The biscuits were good, on the small side and not amazing, but I loved the honey butter and strawberry jam that came with them. The boys were in love with the fried chicken here and I witness the meat on the ribs literally fall right off the bone. In this meaty paradise, I still found some great savory vegetarian options. One of the strangest things on the menu, but oddly delicious was the Cheddar Waffle. It was a sweet waffle with melted cheddar cheese on top, green tomato relish and maple syrup. I loved it! You definitely have to enjoy sweet, sour and savory together to enjoy this though. The side of Mac n cheese was one of the better restaurant versions I've had (I usually think restaurants do a terrible job at macncheese, especially southern restaurants).  The noodles were large and spiral, the cheese stayed moist on the inside and the breadcrumbs added some nice crisp. It could've used a little stronger flavor though. I had to add a good amount of salt, pepper and hot sauce to really love it. They also had an assortment of salads and healthier vegetarian options that I didn't get to try. We had to rush to the next spot by the time we finished dinner so  unfortunately I didn't get to try the dessert but I saw a plate of pie go by me that looked amazing!
Great decor and service.  We sampled the afternoon menu.  Had the fries which were slightly over salted, the popcorn with chocolate which was great and the fried chicken biscuit sandwich with pickled cucumbers and onions which were very refreshing.   The prices were fair for the location which means a bit expensive but not crazy.  We took a look at the regular menu and it had some very nice dishes that I would live to try.  The most expensive dish on the lunch menu is chicken and waffles which they charge 26 dollars for.  I did not try it, only saw it and 26 dollars for chicken and waffles is excessive, doesn't matter how it's made and what they do to it.  Still overall it was a great experience, good atmosphere and good food.
This is my second review of this incredible place! Southern hospitality at its best! ;) mammas buscuits are da bomb and their casserole just won some magazine foodie award! The spiced watermelon soooo refreshing. Theyre heavy on bourbon drinks - im not a huge fan but if youre a bourban/whiskey type of gal/guy ud love them! Highly recommend - if youre in miami visiting or living - this place is a MUST for brunch!
I was very disappointed. The biscuits were hard and insanely dry. The fried chicken, although flavor full was almost cold and didn't taste fresh. The corn lacked flavor and seasoning. The Mac and cheese was the biggest disappointment; complete dried out! The shrimp and grits i did not try but from the looks of it the grits needed water. The grits looked like molding clay. The waitress although sweet messed up our drink order and admitted that she had no idea how to work the device they use to put in orders.
Fifth time here, and as usual, they did not disappoint! A group of us stumbled into yardbird after a horrible experience at a different SoBe restaurant earlier in the evening. Bianca at the bar fixed us up some delicious cocktails, and chatted us up as if we were sitting in the living room of an old time friend.  She made me a fiery spicy cocktail off the menu, when I explained that I really missed the spicy "kick in the pants" drink that was no longer included in the menu. The cocktail she prepared for me was phenomenal.  It was a fantastic way to end a not so great night. I give this joint two enthusiastic thumbs up. Great food, stellar drinks, and superb service. I recommend this restaurant without any hesitations.
I will be back EVERYTIME I visit Miami! I found out about this restaurant from Instagram and I put it on my list of restaurants to try. I went Sunday for brunch and got there a little before 1pm. It was packed, there was a line in the small lobby area and the wait for a table was long. The hostess told me there were available seats at the bar so I was able to be seated right away! I had the orange juice and the chicken and waffles with a side of bacon! The orange juice was so fresh and my waiter gave me a free refill! Not sure if refills are included but for $5 I was glad he gave me a free refill. I wanted to try one of those drinks in the mason jar but I forgot to ask about it and I wasn't sure which ones were the mason jar drinks from the menu. The bacon is serious! It is thick cut, gourmet style bacon. It didn't look like the greasy strips from the grocery store. This was a deli-style bacon that wasn't greasy at all. My fried chicken was crispy on the outside and so juicy on the inside. It wasn't dry, it was well-seasoned and my waffles were good! I didn't care for the syrup or the other sauce they had on the side. I definitely see why this is a signature dish! The watermelon cubes were good and a different spin on the fried chicken and waffles plate! I liked it! It is a big plate. I couldn't even finish my chicken (chicken breast, thigh and wing).  Next time I want to try the chicken and biscuit sliders and the mason jar drinks! The plate is pricey, $36 but it is well worth it and a HUGE portion size! I spent close to $50 after adding the orange juice and bacon. Parking can be difficult but valet is $10. I like the ambience and the decoration of the bathroom (made me think I was in an old western saloon or a country kitchen setting). I love how the kitchen is an open kitchen so you can see the food being prepared but since I was sitting on the bar side I  didn't realize the open kitchen until after I went to the bathroom. Eat here, you won't be disappointed!
I went here for brunch with my sister after her ranting and raving over quiche and a maple bacon doughnut. Upon entering I noticed the place was packed which didn't bother me so much as I just assumed this place was just that good. Sever was nice, knew the menu well and made suggestions overall server was great. I had the Cheddar Waffle and the Chilled Watermelon on the side my sister had the Cox Farm Alabama Steak. After a bit of a wait, our food was brought to us. The waffle looked lack luster, a few sprinkles of cheddar cheese dropped haphazardly on top of a (very) cold waffle with the green tomato chow chow. I will say that the ONLY saving grace to my meal was the chow chow, I'd never had/heard of it but darn it I loved it 5 stars for the chow chow but 1-2 stars for the meal as a whole...at best. All I'll say about the watermelon was that it was in no way chilled and you could tell it had just been sitting in seasoning somewhere. It was no where near the refreshing end to my meal as planned. It was soggy and just not as appetizing as I'd hoped. My sister on the other hand fell on the luckier side of the spectrum. Although she wasn't as blown away by her steak and eggs she did enjoy it. Once we'd finished, my sister happily requested one of the Maple-Glazed Bacon Doughnuts to round out our meal. However when our server brought out what seemed to be a store bought doughnut CAKED with maple flavored icing (there was nothing glazed about that doughnut) and a strip of bacon laid across the top. I'll be honest I laughed. Disappointed my sister and I each took a bite and asked for our server to wrap it up to go. I left there disappointed. Maybe I'll give this place a second chance, maybe they were having an off day but yeah until I end up there again 2 stars.
Amazing duck, biscuits , shrimp and grits, and, Brussels sprouts salad .
Visiting home I was surprised to find such a great, chill (surprisingly low level of southbeach-attitude-iness) place on the beach.  Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious.  Deviled eggs, roast pumpkin, vegetable pot pie--all were amazing!  The cocktails were great, and the prices really reasonable.  Highly recommended!
Love this place! From the chicken biscuits to the chicken & waffles meal, everything is delicious! Extremely friendly and attentive staff! This place keeps me coming back again and again due to it's excellent service! I've sat inside, outside and at the bar, every single time I've had great service! I've NEVER been disappointed with any of my meals. The chicken & waffles are delish! The deviled eggs, the chicken biscuits and the mac'n'cheese are all worth a go! Delicious and filling! Make sure you're sharing! Haha. Portions are big! The house drinks are delicious! My favorite is the watermelon drink.. Totally forgot the name, but it's excellent! Great selection of bourbon. I'll definitely be coming back again soon! :)
I did a quick Google search of "best Miami restaurants" and this was listed as number one.  Since we were only in town for a few days, going to "The best Restaurant in Miami" was a must.  First of all, I really appreciate that they'll text you when you're table is ready if you are a walk in.  That makes it much easier to walk around and do other things, rather than huddling around a host stand.  (I had a restaurant strait up refuse to call/text do any such thing once, so my appreciation for this is somewhat skewed). The cocktail list looked interesting, so I ordered one.  It was fine, nothing memorable, and left me wishing that I had ordered a neat whiskey instead.  At least that way I would have gotten exactly what I wanted. For dinner, we had the deviled eggs, mac and cheese, kale, watermelon, and fried chicken, as well as a grilled farmers cheese.  The farmers cheese app was the star of the meal, hands down.  The deviled eggs were a runner up.  The chicken was good, but I don't  necessarily think that it was anything remarkable / special / outstanding.   Overall, I enjoyed my dinner at Yardbird (at least until a table of smokers was sat next to us and we decided to skip desert), but I'm in no rush to go back and I certainly don't think it deserves the hype of Best Miami restaraunt.
Went to Yardbird for brunch.  The blackberry lemonade was tart and refreshing. Pancakes- The pancakes were tasty and fluffy- however they were not served hot, which was disappointing. Chicken biscuits- Not the best biscuits I've had, these lacked buttery-ness, but the fried chicken was pretty good. Banana bread- Disappointing, VERY dry, lacking in any banana flavor Service was very good.  Food was decent, nothing exciting.
I really wanted to love this place from all of the amazing reviews but that just didn't happen.  It started with taking ten minutes to track one of the two drink menus at the bar and continued with us watching another table in our section getting seated before us,... even though we were early for our reservation, 10 minutes before the other table and could see our entire section was clear. Hoping for better.  Someone did come over right away and say we'd see our server soon. We did get drink prompt drink orders but once we got out drinks the first one was slammed on the table and about 1/3 spilled on the table.  Our server stood looking while my friend cleaned up the table and out server finally said ...would you like a new one.? Reply,... Can I just get a new napkin for now? Ok apps came out fast and pickled appetizer was good.  Deviled egg were under seasoned but fine. Ordering our meal was an ordeal.  Our server told us to either split a main course or order small plates but when the first person ordered a small plate tartare,  our server said,... oh no that's too small.  Actually it was just right and the best entree as well. She couldn't suggest a good number of sides with the rest of the small plates either. Moving on again,  the fries were over salted and the kale tasted like liquid smoke and a bucket of salt.  Mac and cheese was ok but under seasoned and the chicken and biscuits were very dry except for for the tough second piece which reminded me of middle school chicken.  (Guys come on you can do better) Dessert was the best though.  We asked what our server would suggest and we literally watched her read the menu to us verbatim.  We were going to order dessert too but our server just put our checks on the table so we just gave up. I hope other people have better experience than we did.  Buy the way I've never written a bad review of a restaurant. It's not that hard to cook grits, pickle some vegetables and make chicken and biscuits.
Lets just start by saying, the hubs and I are in the business, this fact occasionally makes us more tolerant and inevitably makes us pickier about other things.....  As I write that sentence I am struggling to find something that required our patience, ok so maybe the hostess and the valet were frazzled and needed some TLC, but that is because they were SLAMMED!!!  I'm not a bourbon fan but tried the House specialty Lemonade, which was quite pleasant for Bourbon ;)  The food was amazing and our server was extremely pleasant, Danny!  I do not think I have eaten as much as I did last night in years, but the food comes out in share sizes and keeps coming, everything looks so good that you have to try it, thus the stuffed feeling.  All that said, the overeating etc. , my bill was surprisingly low....  I was convinced there was a mistake, not so.  Awesome grub, stellar staff and good prices love it
Gosh - I am truly behind on my yelp. But I am exhausted from the winter, and all the moaning out there... Anyway I had the pleasure of spending a week in Miami Beach and one of my BFF's and I had the pleasure of eating at Yardbird. This is a standard bearer of "restraunting." I don't know what that means either. At the end of the day I can give two sh$t$ about the food - am I made to feel like a sexy valued - the only human that exists. And the food is amazing. So much so that after my BFF left and I Stayed - I ate there every day - EVERY DAY. Frog Legs - I have eaten frog legs from Paris to my own kitchen - and Yardbird ruined it for me - I will never be able to eat frog legs anywhere again ever - because these legs are the best - crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, chili, honey, bacon...I could eat these every day all without ever being exhausted. I could go on about the biscuits, and all the other items on the menu. BUT It is the well trained, unassuming yet ever present staff that makes the experience perfect. Upon my return to Yardbird, Maria not only knew my name, she knew what I had ordered the night before, knew what I liked, knew where I sat (she's not even a server!), knew what cocktail  I enjoyed.....LOVE. EFFORTLESS. ONE EXPERIENCE and I had been cataloged. I dare say this is the appropriate way to treat customers and run a restaurant.  Maria was beyond brilliant and encouraging me to return - to which I did - everyday. The fact that frog legs were not on the lunch menu did not perturb her or  anyone - in fact they were prepared in expectation of my return. Dearest Maria, Dearest Yardbird: Thank you. I did have to travel on and I do have to go home to Nairobi - but I will be back and I know you will be waiting for me.... xoxox
Based on a recommendation from a Broward chef who calls Yardbird her "current favorite restaurant in all of South Florida," we were welcomed at Yardbird with courteous and professional service by the entire staff. Every dish was a 5-star gem: The heavenly fried green tomato BLT, exquisite deviled eggs, tender delectable ribs.  The fried chicken was so juicy that even the white meat was scrumptious (and I am a diehard fan of dark meat).  I hardly ever order salad in a restaurant (you can make it at home!) but the server suggested the grilled mango salad which was another winner.  Delightful selection of interesting craft beers.  Just do it!  Reserve a table well in advance; Yardbird is justifiably a popular destination.
First time dining here a real winner! We had brunch around 3pm-superb fried chicken-best ever! Amazing kale salad too! In fact everything we had was delicious-waffles, watermelon, mac and cheese. Only con were the prices-but I guess you have to pay for such good foo d...
This place is AMAZING! The fried chicken and biscuits were fantastic, and I don't like chicken but this dish was phenomenal! The macaroni and cheese was also great. The food and service wonderful! I dream about the chicken and biscuits, I will definietly be coming back!
I liked this restaurant. Great location right off Lincoln Road, so you can do the stroll before or after dinner. Service was professional, friendly and solicitous. Food was very good. Try the chicken and biscuits, and fried green tomato BLT. The menu is different then the South Beach norm. creative, southern food. I feel compelled to chime in on the fried chicken. Yes, it was good, as about 1000 other yelpers have proclaimed, but it didnt live up to the hype, unless of course you dream of fried chicken as the holy grail. Nonetheless, if you crave fried chicken, you wont be dissappointed. I though the shrimp and grits to be the better alternative. The ribs were loaded with too much sauce, so be warned. The blackberry and bourbon cocktail was very good, and different, BUT, drink down fast as it does not stand up to the ice. All in all a ery pleasant dinner, and I would recommend for sure. Reserve early!
Consistently great food! I have been there a few times now & they deserve the 5 stars. Try the smoked brisket sandwich & then complain because you ate the whole thing.
Wow.  So friggin' delicious. I will start by saying that the atmosphere was hip and very unique.  This is definitely not a family-styled environment.  It's more the "let's go out wearing tights pants and a loud neon colored tank top" type of place.   However, the food was family-style.  The appetizers were plentiful and delectable.  We loved the chicken biscuits and the crab cake dishes.  I appreciated how each of us were able to have impressive bites of everything.  It was perfect.  For the main entree we ordered the ribs and they were perfect--I dug the sauce and the meat was prepared well. The service was thoughtful and attentive.  The manager even stopped by and offered us access to some specialty beers upon hearing that we were visiting from Denver (specialty beers as in Oskar Blues which isn't exactly...terrific...but still, this was really kind!)  Highly recommend this place to anyone with a strong appetite for good eats.  I hear the bourbon is good too.
I was there recently for lunch, great food and service! Highly recommend it!
Great spot for food lovers. They pay attention to every detail. Only been here once. Had the sweet tea ribs and they were delicious. Fries were really better than expected. Their service and management staff went above and beyond to make our experience was enjoyable. There was a long wait but I'm so happy we stuck around. Will definitely be back. This is one of those places that would be on our rotation if it were in Charlotte. Special thanks to the hostesses and manager who tried to help us find our phone.
I was impressed.  The sweet tea was perfect.  I ordered the chicken and bisquits was surprised to find honey dripping out of the bisquit.  Made smile and think of my childhood years in Alabama, eating at my grandmother's table.  The Mac n Cheese was really good.  I will be back
Our Miami trip wouldn't be complete without eating some of the yelp-renowned Yardbird chicken. Me and my lady went late on a Sunday night, only to be heartbroken that they had ran out of fried chicken on Saturday! Very disappointing especially after reading the reviews and about the process of cooking the chicken. Luckily they still had the chicken biscuits, which were pretty good. I could definitely tell their was something special about the flavor of their chicken but didn't get the full experience without the fried or rotisserie chicken. Mac and cheese was really good, and their sweet tea was 5 stars. Restaurant has a nice vibe to it and our waiter was great. If we're ever in Miami again we'll definitely have to fulfill our Yardbird chicken quest...
I honestly don't have enough kind things to say about this place. I've been here a half dozen times, and it continues to excel and stand out above every other restaurant I've eaten at since moving to Miami. The service is top notch -- my girlfriend and I walked in at 8:30 on a Friday night and were seated almost instantly; a waiter took our order within minutes, and the food came out promptly, with appropriate times between the appetizer and the main entree. And the little details are there as well! I dropped my napkin when getting up to use the restroom and had a new one handed to me immediately upon my return. And the food. Oh, the food. First and foremost, this is not a restaurant to eat while trying to maintain a strict diet. It is soul food at its finest. The biscuits are crisp, flaky, and destined to be paired with homemade honey butter. The macaroni and cheese is downright decadent and comes in a huge serving. Lastly, I've yet to have a main dish that I wasn't completely satisfied with. Whether it be fried chicken, duck and noodles, spare ribs, or any of their other wonderful entrees, you can be rest assured that it will be excellently prepared and as succulent as anything you'd have hoped for. I love, love, love this restaurant!
Wow! So impressed with this restaurant. The biscuits are to die for! Once you spread the honey butter you're in heaven. I'm a huge fan of fried green tomatoes so naturally I'd order the fried green tomato BLT. I'm so glad I did! The pork belly they use as the "bacon" works perfectly. Will definitely be returning!
I only had the fries here when I met some friends out for drinks. But those fries did come with Bacon Ranch for dipping and were glorious. My friends got mac and cheese and salads and other things on the menu that all smelled fantastic and they really enjoyed. I would definitely like to go back to try some of the entrees.
Just look at the other reviews, they pretty much nailed it. But, to recap: great food, great ambiance, great drink menus, great addition to the miami beach food scene. Only issue, if i had to have one, it was a bit noisy. But all in all a great experience and cant wait to go back.
I LOOOOOOOOOVE swine and go at least once a week.....this place was almost as good! it was packed for a Wednesday night, 30minute wait! we had Stephanie as our server and she was so sweet! the watermelon chicken & waffles were delish! the mac & cheese to die for!!! and the cocktails were amazing!!!!!! def going back.... with all the construction, valet is the way to go~
I loved Yardbird! I'm so glad I went during my Miami trip. We went on a Tuesday night and has reservations luckily, because by the time we arrived at 7:30pm it was pretty packed. We had the fried chicken-watermelon-waffles entree and a side of biscuits. Everything was wonderful! I loved that the food came out quickly- within 10 minutes of ordering, our food was at our table. I liked the unique flavors added to traditional southern food that I wouldn't have expected. From the cheesy waffles to the seasoned watermelon to the basil syrup drizzled on the strawberry shortcake dessert, I was very impressed. I got the strawberry sweet tea and that was really tasty as well. I was tempted to get a second glass. Overall, Yardbird was excellent and I'd recommend to any person visiting Miami. It's a sure bet for a good meal. Nothing is worse that going on vacation and choosing a restaurant and having a bad experience. If you come to Yardbird you will not be disappointed! The food was great and our server was extremely nice - he even packed some of their homemade honey butter for us to take home!
One day, I will come back here for dinner. Went for brunch with friends and we were thrilled to find an open table almost immediately on a Sunday. The food was just excellent -- the chicken liver toast isn't dry at all and has incredible flavor, the BLT Benedict was out-of-this world and the special omelette, with pulled pork, was delicious. On top of the fantastic food and the lovely Southern ambiance, the service was outstanding, too. Our waiter had the right mixture of personality and attentiveness, and was very helpful without being overbearing. Can't wait to get back.
My new favorite place in Miami. The fried chix is the best. The place look amazing the food is over the top.
First time in Miami, and I didn't think I would be eating Fried chicken in Miami. But not only did I came once during my trip, I had to come again and share it with my friends. I had the "Mama's Chicken Biscuits" which are unbelievably delicious. And the Mac N Cheese was awesome too. Highly recommend. And they they have an awesome selection of craft beers which is also a plus+
As I sit here to write this review,I ponder on which one word can I use to describe my experience at yardbird. COMPLETE. I finally made it out this weekend and I was not disappointed. As other reviews state, getting there early is a must. I consider myself a big fan of southern food.  Always in search of the next big thing. That said, yardbird is by far my favorite. My favorite dish would have to be the shrimp and grits. Comparable to my desired spot in South Carolina (Hanks). If ever there,it's a must try.  The fried chicken and waffles are amazing. The batter on the chicken is perfect. They got it right. The Mac n cheese was so creamy, I was in heaven. The meal was a bit pricey, but expected when your dining in one of the hot spots of Miami beach. I for sure will return, next time for brunch.....
On my spontaneous day trip to Miami I met up with my friend and she suggested for us to come here. Awesome choice! I definitely see why this restaurant got into all sorts of best new restaurant/chef list. First off, I love the interior and the general vibe of the restaurant. The wood, the light fixtures, the bar, the whole set up is definitely stylish but with the outdoor seating it also has a casual and relaxed side. It's the type of place you'd come for weekend brunch to sit and eat outside but also come for weeknight dinners with friends and family and even on date night. The menu is family style and I definitely recommend getting several dishes to share across the table. We had fried green tomatoes BLT style - the B being pork belly and therefore awesome! And also the BBQ ribs and the chicken, watermelon, and waffles. The ribs were really good but the chicken n waffles? Oh my god! Possibly the best chicken n waffles combination I've had so far! It's tender from being brined for so many hours, and full of delicious flavor, perfectly crispy on the outside, and paired with watermelon and waffles - to die for! They were so good I would come back here just for this when I'm in town. On top of all that their bourbon cocktails are great accompaniments to the Southern style food. With the great food, friendly service, and awesome company I was with I left very much satisfied and happy!
Amazing Strawberry Lemonade. Chicken biscuits, deviled eggs, Mac nd cheese and Elvis pancakes are my favorite items.
Just awesome. My favorite place in South Beach
Went there for a bachelorette party, 6 people in total.  Our server Carlos did an excellent job going over the specials and highlighting signature dishes.  The manager came over to greet our table and we got a glass of complementary champagne for our bride to be.  The food is delicious!  The small vs large shares concept was a little confusing for us so we ordered sides (mac n cheese is really good) as appetizers and just got two large shares for the table.  Warning to anyone raised in the south, the 'sweet' tea is very flavorful but not very sweet, you might want to ask for a little extra sugar.  Overall delicious soulfood that won't leave you feeling like you have to go take a nap.
Food was pricey but so delicious! Arrive early-ish to avoid the crowd. We arrived at 10am for brunch on Saturday and it was close to empty. When we left at noon, there was a line out the door! My friends and I ordered the ham and eggs (comes with grits), the chicken biscuits, the omelette of the day, and mac n cheese. Everything was stellar, except for the omelette, which I found to be rather average.
Wonderful Southern food in a trendy restaurant. Obviously you have to try their fried chicken and the fried pickles. Also tried the chilled watermelon, the peppers and herbs were subtle. Our server Andy was knowledgeable and helpful. Food came out quickly and is sharing style.
I left here in a food coma.  A delicious one, though. I work right down the street and went on a Friday around 6:30 PM with 3 of my co-workers.  We order a lot of food, probably too much.  Everything we ordered was to share "family style." --Fried Green Tomato BLT: Very good!  Would definitely order this one again. --Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs: Also good.  Nothing super special. --"Swine Steak Frites": This one was not my favorite.  It was still good but I think I would try something else next time.  I did like the fried grits that came with it, though. --Macaroni and Cheese: good but nothing out of the ordinary. --House Cut Fries: I am a bit biased since I love french fries but these were delicious.  I loved the bacon salt and the buttermilk dip. --Big Ol' Cheddar Waffle: I ordered this one last minute and I am glad I did.  It was a nice combination of sweet and salty with the cheddar. We also ordered drinks, about 2-3 a piece.  I tried to Bloody Mary and it was really good.  Our waiter told me it was made with avocado, which I could not taste, but it was still really good.  It also looks like they put time and effort into making their drinks which I appreciate. Our waitress was really nice and very helpful.  She answered all of our questions and made recommendations. It is not a cheap place, we spent about $60 a person (4 people total).  We did order a ton of food though and the drinks are a bit pricey which really adds up (around $10-14).  I would definitely go back here and try some of the same items and some new ones.
I should have known better, but I had to try Southern cooking on Miami Beach.  Four of us went there for Sunday brunch; between us we tried the quiche, chicken with waffles, biscuits with chicken, and grits. Three of us grew up in the South.  We found the chicken to be nearly tasteless and bland.  Waffles and quiche were good.  The biscuits were OK, but unlike any Southern biscuits I've ever met.  Bloody Marys, although unusual, were very good.  Service was excellent, the restaurant was very loud.  And whatever you do, don't wear black; the napkins shed like crazy.  Overall experience was pleasant, but it's very expensive for only "pleasant".
Amazing Food. Amazing Drinks. Amazing Staff. Best in South Beach!!!
Amazing fried chicken! I've traveled to almost all major cities in US and this is by far one of the best fried chicken I've had. I hate chicken breast because they tend to be dry but not here! It's juicy and perfectly seasoned. My party of three got deviled eggs (it was ok, I've had way better), fried tomato (it was ok), chicken and waffles with watermelon (so good! Grilled watermelon was great), side of biscuit and Mac and cheese (meh). Bourbon blueberry lemonade and southern peach was great. Must try!
This place is yummy. I went before my flight back to New York so I had to go early - 10am kind of early. I just can't be hungry at that time especially for something heavy like fried chicken! So I had the Bloody Mary (strong and spicy), blt with pork belly and fried green tomatoes (delicious) and biscuits with fried chicken (sweet, tender, moist chicken). It was all so good that I wished I could have eaten more! Bring Yardbird to NYC!
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I honestly don't know where to start. Really great food is an understatement. The food is presented wonderfully. The waitress was extremely accommodating but not overwhelming. I felt like I was eating brunch at a relatives house. I would recommend this place a million times and it's a definite on my Miami to do list for every visit.
I just feel like this is the best Miami has when it comes to southern food, so it's all most Miami foodies and Victoria Elliot/Lee Klein followers have to compare to. It makes me want to open my own "southern kitchen" - for half the price and twice as genuine. Best part: the pickled whatever kind of vegetables those were on the side of the chicken and biscuit dish. I don't even like pickles, but these were so good. Great part: The pork belly blt, loved the texture and richness and balance. Good part: My shrimp and grits, just because it was the first restaurant I've seen with real grits on the menu here on the beach. I ate the entire portion. Which was huge. Not so great part: The s'mores disaster. Burnt tasting marshmallows and under-sweetened chocolate. Weird portion size, way too much chocolate. Bad part: Waiting 1.5 hours for a table, and having a hard time getting more than one drink from the crowded bar. But I will say the peach tea bourbon was delicious, and the mason jar was charming. Worst part: The hialeah accented bald waiter who, after asking me if I would like a second drink, and I responded no thank you, then turned to my husband and asked him "would she like another drink?" as though I was a puppy incapable of deciding on my own to get drunk or not. Being that this is my "comfort food", it's just hard for me to pay so much for things my mom made growing up, knowing how little they cost -grits, really, I can't see them as gourmet. Given, I'm sure yardbird uses only high end ingredients but - it's a bit like a cuban paying $29.50 for a media noche sandwich and some plantains and black beans at a Bongo's knockoff in some midwestern state. It's just odd. It's been a few months since we went - but consistently when I drive by there is always a wait. I'm curious to see how long it will stay addicting before people drop it for another trendy new habit. I still would love to try brunch. Maybe soon.
I live very close to yardbird and was look forward to trying this new joint.   I really wanted to like it because everything was great till the food arrived at the table.  Portions small for the price and the ribs where cold.  I really want this place to take off but I will not be going back.  The prices they charge the food should blow your mind with taste.  Just didn't work for me.  I suggest going spending your money at some other place!
New menu looks great. We ordered three items (two from the new chef's menu, and one leftover from the Jeff McGinnis era), and the new items stood out as remarkably fresher and more creative. I'm very excited to go back to this old favorite that I had been fearing would become a tired old favorite. No longer! Also, at first glance it appears that the price point is lower, which is welcome. Glad to see more wines by the glass, too. Thanks, Chef Miller!
My husband and I met some friends here for lunch, and the food was delicious!  He had the fried chicken and i had the roast chicken and peach tea.  Service was a little too slow here because they get busy fast, but oversll, a great experience.  I love the decor and feel of this place, its got a modern country feel to it that is high end.  I recommend it!
FYI they do not have high chairs. The listing should not say it is good for kids. Have no idea what the brunch is like as we couldn't eat there.
The best beef ribs I have EVER eaten. A great dinner with wonderful service. This is my 4th time and I can't wait for my 5th
terrible food, the fish cobia was inedible,     the fried chicken ,  could not be differentiated from curches except for the $24.00 price tag for 1/2 chicken dinner!   crowd and decor was good though,   food was a failure.
I don't know why I haven't reviewed yardbird.  It is truly delicious, and the service is great!  I HIGHLY recommend the chicken and biscuits, extra biscuits with the homemade jam, the mac and cheese, and if you are feeling healthy the kale salad is delish.  ALL the desserts are AMAZING. BRUNCH menu is spectacular!!!! wowowowow i love this place.  I wonder why no regular mash potatoes though!
Best biscuits I've EVER had.  Split the Chicken n Watermelon n Waffles with my boyfriend and it was still too much food! So so delicious, modern, relaxed vibe.  Not cheap, but very worth it! We'll be coming back to check out brunch soon.
I can not say enough good things about this place! The food was the best I've had... Ever! Started with the chicken biscuits and they don't look like much when they come out but the flavor they pack in is incredible. They were so moist and the chicken just melted in my mouth. The fried green tomato BLT was so delish! My mouth is watering right now just thinking of it lol. I don't even like tomatoes. Then my fiancé and I shared the fried chicken with the chow chow waffle. We were literally fighting over the waffle. It had cheddar and some kind of relish on it with maple bourbon syrup. To. Die. For. Only one negative... The seating is very crowded. We were basically elbow to elbow with strangers... Not good if you want to have romantic, private conversations on your anniversary. But then again we were too busy eating to talk!!
The service was phenomenal! The food was fantastic. I do not eat fried chicken, but since that was their specialty I had to try it. I couldn't believe how fantastic it was, nothing like what I expected!
Went last night because my friend called to rave about this place. I  kind of liked it a lot. My favorite was the fried green tomatoes with bacon. What can possibly be bad with bacon as an ingredient? The piece of bacon was a thick cut piece, kind of reminds me of my dad's cooking.  Cubans use a pork that can be found in the meat department at Publix or in my dad's case Sedanos-"tocino". This tocino is like bacon just more fat and more salt. I think it's healthier. We went with two other couples and shared, that worked out well because we got to taste a few of their dishes. The meatloaf is not your grandma's ground beef  meatloaf, it's better! It's really short rib, the fake meatloaf is very tasty. Loved the biscuits!  The desserts were not decadent but, fresh and simple.  Perfect end to a heavy southern dish.  I want to go back.
What could I say about Yardbird that has not already been said. It is a staple on South Beach and serves up some pretty damn good food. Service is good and friendly, the atmosphere is awesome and the drinks are delish. Try the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade! Brunch is a great time to go and though almost all of the option are great, you can never go wrong with the Old School (Fried Chicken, Waffles & Watermelon). Dont forget to add some of that Pork Belly Bacon on the side. All I have to say is Yardbird is Yummy!!!
My wife and I dined here 7/29 and it reminded us that we had been away too long--6 months--everything about Yardbird is wonderful--the food, atmosphere and staff, it's one of the best spots in South Florida.  As rich as the chicken livers on toast and the country pate were, we loved the taste.  Followed that with the wedge salad and finished with Lewellyn's delicious fried chicken--perfectly done--juicy and slightly spicy.  We enjoyed a few glasses of Reisling--perfect with this meal.  The place has a genuine buzz, good rhythm and blues in the background and a professional and friendly staff.  What's not to like.  Will be back soon.
Delicious food and really fun drinks! The food is served family style so pick a bunch of awesome things! The chicken biscuits are numero uno!
Amazing friend chicken and ribs.  Good cocktails too.  I am not a southern food aficionado, but this place is great.  Wonderful, fast service.  If this style of food was healthier, I would eat here every week.  I guess I have to settle for once a month.  :)
The most incredible food. Fantastic atmosphere and super staff.  Love this place. Third time we had brunch and can't wait to go back!
There's a lot of things that are good about this place. There's also a lot of things wrong in my ever-to-be humble opinion. Part of the problem may be that I am southern so I have had my fair share of southern food. The location is great, clean atmosphere with quant ambiance. Service was prompt, friendly and efficient. We had the fried green tomatoes appetizer, which was amazing in many ways- the addition of pork belly ruined it in my opinion.  My husband ordered the fried chicken with watermelon and biscuit. I had the wedge salad. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing, but this salad was NOT good. It was extremely salty and came with a strange schmear of thick creamy "dressing" on top of the lettuce that was more of the consistency of a sandwich spread. This salad had pork belly chunks in it, which in a lifetime of dining at southern restaurants I have never seen. Culinary creativity and interesting food pairings aredefinitely going on at this place, but to me, the pork belly is used way too frequently at this place. Bacon would've tasted better. For the price I was expecting more. My husband seemed pleased with his meal but stated that it wasn't the greatest fried chicken he ever had and that the watermelon was awkward on the plate next to the chicken. In the south, a meal like this would come with a side of slaw, greens or mac n cheese. Speaking of greens- WHY AREN'T THERE ANY GREENS ON THE MENU??? Greens are a southern STAPLE of any meal. I definitely see why people looking for a trendy atmosphere would like this, but perhaps it is more of an exotic experience for them as they probably aren't actually from the south?
Oh Yardbird, how I wish I had better to say. I came here last year and was blown away by the best fried chicken and waffles, ever. Came back to Miami this month and to my dismay I received soggy, bland fried chicken. It tasted more like baked chicken. I knew it was a warning sign when the food came out in 5 minutes, as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp. The mac and cheese tasted exactly like velveeta (which may not be a problem for some), but overall it was missing that authentic southern feel it once had. I do hope that it was a fluke (although I went two nights in a row and Mama's chicken biscuits had the same watery fate), but I truly hope they go back up to the standards they had last year.
Truly exquisite. Add maple syrup to the Mac n cheese for an intense Foodgasm.
3.5 stars for food, 3 for front of the house service.  we waited FOREVER for a table after being told it would be about 15-20 minutes, and the hostess was unnecessarily nasty to us whenever we'd check in on our status.  given that we were waiting for well over 1.5 hours, i didn't think we were out of line to want to see where we stood! definitely a turnoff. once seated, we over-ordered - big time.  we had the meatloaf, brunswick stew, ribs, the grilled mango salad, fried chicken, mac and cheese, garlic mash, waffle fries, and biscuits (carb attack much?).  most everything was pretty tasty, especially all of the sides and the ribs, but i couldn't get into the texture of the brunswick stew (decent flavor, but stringy and a bit goopy), and the mango salad was pretty underwhelming - the thought of a grilled mango and smoked pecan combo excited us, but it just didn't deliver.  but i certainly found more than enough to eat, judging by my need to later roll myself home. i tried a couple of cocktails and they were all delicious, and our server was extremely friendly and helpful.  i'd probably go back next time i'm in Miami Beach - but only with the promise of a shorter wait.
Unique American Southern-style menu. Staff courteous and helpful. Wait staff with personality and excellent service. Nice to have even the bus personnel know how to serve without asking what goes where! Food is rich, fattening and delicious...but there's something for everyone, even vegetarians.
I've been dying to come here since I left & FML they delivered! We shared this #chicken n watermelon n waffles which came with their classic half #friedchicken, honey hot sauce, chilled #spicedwatermelon (chili & lime or lemon), a cheddar cheese #waffle topped with #chowchow (green tomatoes, celery, onion & pickle) & bourbon maple syrup. Mannnnnnnn talk about itis! The serving size is deffff for 2! The flavors for each item are so distinct & amazing, yet they work well collectively!! The fried chicken was soooo juicy & the honey hot sauce is liquid crack! The waffle....wow! Crispy outer with a fluffy center! I've never had chow chow before but it had a subtle sweetness so it paired well with the cheddar, waffle & syrup. The watermelon had a freshness that basically cleansed your pallet as you took each bite. Overall, an amazing experience! Great food, service & cocktails! I see exactly what the rave is all about!
Bleh. My expectations were high, not met with the chicken and biscuits $12. Biscuits were ok and chicken was ok; but together:/ It was missing something. Perhaps not the dish I should've ordered. This dish didn't stand out for me. Regardless of my slight disappointment I went ahead and ordered the fries. I was expecting the waffle fries after looking at all the photos on here. :/ They were reg. fries. They were good. Great dipping bacon sauce. Although, not worth $7! Not sure if I'll come back.
I have been wary about trying this place- it received great reviews and has had a lot of hype but I like my restaurants and food without a side of hype so I've stayed away. I had the nice occasion to try it out when I went with my book club for dinner. The decor is more Montauk summer home than "Grandma's front porch" but in a good way. Wood everywhere warms up the space and lends it a homey feel. There is a tiny side patio for outside seating and a bar with about 8 seats. Not large but they made the best of the space. THE FOOD. Oh the food. I had the Fried Green Tomato "BLT" (with a delicious spread of homemade pimiento dip which I didn't even know I liked!), side of Grilled Corn and Hominy and my companions had a variety of dishes including the Fried Chicken (huge portion served with a side of watermelon), the Shrimp and Grits (divine), Tea Brined Ribs, Sauteed Greens, Mac and Cheese, Biscuits, Banana Cream Pie, and the Smores Dessert. (Hey there were 12 of us). Every bite I had was delicious. I noticed another reviewer didn't like the fried chicken and called it bland and tasteless. It was anything BUT bland and tasteless. I think Yardbird has officially ruined fried chicken for me forever, because I know I'm never going to have some as good as theirs! The service is really top-notch. I don't know where they found the servers but they are actual, honest to goodness, hospitality professionals! They refill your water without being asked. They are prompt with cocktails and food orders. They happily answer questions about the menu. There are multiple servers/assistants/bussers assigned to your table. In short, this restaurant knows what service is, and performs flawlessly. Bonus, Chef Jeff McGinnis was in the kitchen, plating alongside the rest of them. Love to know he's still hands-on and involved, not just watching from afar. The noise level is LOUD which is my only complaint, and the restaurant can't do much about that. I adored the Southern Rock music (we heard Elvis, Johnny Cash, etc) but it was hard to have a full conversation with anyone aside the person sitting immediately next to you due to the noise level. That means it was full and people were having a good time, so I can't fault them for that. Yardbird was fun, lively, so different than the usual SOBE scene, had attentive service, interesting and fresh menu. I'm not really a "Southern Food" aficianado, I couldn't eat there every night, but it's definitely a great choice for a fun night with friends or a date once in awhile. We were in great hands and I'm so happy to say it truly delivered and then some!
My mouth is watering just thinking about this place! This is the most trendiest place I've been to in while. The menu has some different style items but I'm a fan of the pallet that is going on there. The fried green tomatoes - yummy! Service left a little left to be desired but can be over looked as the food options are so tasty. Can't wait to try their brunch.
The food is delicious, the service is great, and the bar can't be beat.
The atmosphere and service was excellent. The homemade biscuits are delicious!! We didn't order the fried chicken and waffles as there was so many other delectable options on their menu. We dined on the Elvis pancakes, omelette of the day and the cornbread strawberry buttermilk dish. The orange is fresh squeezed and tastes like it was straight from the grove.
Great atmosphere, awesome vibe. Food was good, not great. Service was good. However, it may be one of the most SEVERELY overpriced places I've ever eaten at (they have a chicken dish that is $42!!) Overall, a pretty decent experience but I would not go here again.
OH MY GOD. Just get there and eat/drink as much as you can handle.
I've eaten at Yardbird for all three meals, experienced Lunch Service, Dinner Service as well as Brunch. There isn't a dish I've had that I haven't adored. A great place at any time of the day, the service is always spectacular and the meal is sure to please. Highlights: Pumpkin Beignets, Fried Chicken, Mac and Cheese, Fries with Bacon Buttermilk Dip.
horrible service. they are not "all good" as they seem and welcoming.  apparently they don't want any families visiting, even at 12 on Saturday, as they had no problem telling us that they don't have high chairs cause they just don't have the space. never going there again. horrible.
Thank the good Lord I need a car to get here. I fear that if Yardbird were within walking distance I'd be rolling around in a fat and happy stupor for the rest of time. Get the fried chicken. Get the Benedict thing where it's smothered and baked. Get the apple pie turnovers. Get drinks and/or a beer. Then get an appointment with your physician for a check-up ... just to be safe.
Not that this place requires another review, but it deserves one. My girlfriend and I enjoyed the fried green tomatoes and fried chicken and biscuits with watermelon, it was some if the best food I have ever eaten.  We also enjoyed the decor and palette pleasing cocktails!  It's a must eat resturant in my book.
Edit 11/4: Taking that star back because they took away the Pumpkin Beignets! WHY!? It looks like they replaced them with an apple pie thing, but i feel like you can get apple pie anywhere! Heck, I can make an apple pie. BRING BACK THE PUMPKIN BEIGNETS! It is pumpkin season afterall! Adding an extra star today because my brunch today was exceptional. I will keep this brief because my last post was so long but.... YOU MUST ORDER THE PUMPKIN BEIGNETS! best thing i've EVER had there.
We made an early bird reservation for 7:00pm and we were the only ones in the place for about 5 minutes. This place filled up quick so make a reservation or suffer the consequences. Ambiance is nice - its exactly what you expect, very southern, beautiful tables, farmhouse feel. Menu boasts "soul nurturing dishes meant for sharing amongst friends" which is exaclty what you get. Lots of variety and lots to share. Their drink menu is also extensive, all bourbon mostly, but a nice variety of mixed bourbon drinks. I am preggo so I had a virgin Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade which was tart and sweet and super duper refreshing. I will be back for a real one post-baby.  We ordered a ridiculously good soup - crab and corn chowder I think? Which was amazing. Creamy and rich.  Mama's Chicken Biscuits were the bomb, biscuits were fresh and fluffy and very buttermilky. The fried chicken was fried crisp and was juicy and tender inside. The pepper jelly was a nice boom in your mouth. My husband had the Iceberg Wedge, I hate lettuce but I did try the avocados and house made bacon and it was also very good. We shared the Short Rib Meatloaf which we found dry and disappointing. I think about it now and scrunch my face and feel like flossing, it was so damn dry. Meat fibers were tough and grainy. We debated on another dish but decided to behave and go straight for dessert. We had the peach cobbler with butter pecan ice cream which was fantastic, along with the chocolate and bacon whoppie pie which was super duper rich, overwhelmingly rich actually, but yummy nontheless. The side of milk it came with was the perfect way to wash it down. That thing was serious. Besided the meat loaf everything was yummy. I will definitely be back. Perhaps for brunch, their menu looks really good.
My wife and I live in South Beach and decided to try this new restaurant as we heard that it aspired to become a local's hangout. We are used to the excellent but pricey fare available in this area. On the positive side, the ambiance, service and food were very good. However, two issues quickly cropped up. The first is that there is nothing on the menu that even remotely be called healthy, instantly precluding any "regular" visits. The second, and more serious, is that the food and drink are greatly overpriced for what you get. They have a wonderful bourbon selection and I ordered one. Unlike most bars where the pour is measured over the glass and then an additional amount added, here the measuring cup is filled away from the glass and then transferred to the glass, assuring that a customer never gets "too much" I let this pass until our food arrived. The rib plate ($22) is defined as a "big share". When it arrived, I saw about seven of the smallest ribs that I had ever seen. The dish is appropriate as a big appetizer or small entree for one person, not to share. When a manager came over to ask about our food, we advised him of this and he apologized and stated that they knew that the ribs from their current supplier were small (well, why didn't they adjust the number?). There was no attempt on his art to remedy the situation. This, together with my experience with the drinks, leads me to believe that the restaurant is trying to maximize its short term revenue. What you get is not worth the price. It will never draw a continuing locals business!
The food was ok and the service was great! Love the drinks and whiskey!!
Miami, while geographically is one of the southernmost cities in the United states, is by no means part of the south. In fact, the cuisine here more often resembles that of Cuba than the cuisine eaten from other states south of the Mason Dixon Line. However, if one wants to find some really terrific and edgy southern food as a change from other typical/trendy restaurants in South beach, I suggest they visit  Yardbird Southern Table & Bar on 1600 Lenox Ave. When I first visited, I checked out their Macaroni & Cheese made from 5 artisanal cheeses with crispy herb crust and their fried green tomato BLT made from heritage acres farm pork belly bacon, fried green tomatoes, greens, tomato jam and house-made pimento cheese. It was creative, flavorful and designed well. In fact, I haven't had a sandwich that flavorful since my holiday in Charleston, SC forever ago. During my second visit, I wanted to be healthy. I was going to SCORE afterward to dance and I didn't want to appear fat and bloated, so I ordered the Kale Salad made with Cheddar cheese, crisp fresh apples, cornbread croutons, moonshine raisins and cider vinegar. I also added some chicken. This salad was incredible! I love Kale. I put it in my smoothie every day. It is, after all, a super-food. It was an incredibly savory and fresh salad that I would love to, in fact, make for myself and incorporate into my night-time dinner routine at home. This past weekend, I wanted to indulge, let my hair down, take a break from my diet and be a little bad. So, I ordered the Chicken n' Watermelon n' Waffles. It came with fried chicken, chilled spiced watermelon chunks and a cheddar cheese waffle with bourbon maple syrup. That chicken never had a chance. I also poured the maple syrup over everything. It was a culinary experience as every bite melted in my mouth. To be experimental, I even mixed the parts of the waffle, chicken, watermelon and maple syrup together on the fork. Their drink menu is pretty extensive. I suggest one try something from the Kentucky bourbon inspired cocktail section. It creates a more enriching experience. On all occasions, the waiter and waitresses were incredibly polite. Each time, they happily walked me and my friends through all of the menu options and made recommendations. They were even very patient... as my dinner friends can sometimes be high maintenance. The atmosphere was modern. They have High ceilings with exposed wooden beams and wooden tables with sprigs of fresh flowers in jars. I recommend this place to all visitors. The prices are moderately high - but the dishes are intended for sharing too. So, go get in touch with your inner fat girl.
I will never have anything bad to say about this place. Great food great drink and positive atmosphere. One of my all-time favorites in Miami. Can't say enough about how much I love this place.
All of the praise and hype is well deserved for Yardbird.  I wrapped up my brother's "food tour" of Miami with a big group brunch here last Sunday.  I've been here for both brunch and dinner before and I really think that brunch is the best meal to be had here.  You can't beat their Fried Chicken Biscuits made with boneless chicken thighs....an order of these along with their excellent bourbon lemonade is all you need for that weekend hangover!   The watermelon and tomato salad is very light and refreshing....and just about the only thing you will have room to eat after polishing off a couple of maple-bacon donuts.  By the way, those donuts are one of the most amazing things you will ever eat.  Somehow, they're able to get the donut to taste like it's been smoked!   Yes, it's crowded and you may have trouble getting reservations (calling them is better than Opentable), but it's definitely worth the effort for the best southern-style restaurant in south Florida.
As most of the reviews have expressed, this place is definitely amazing. We got the fried chicken and short ribs along with the Yard Sale bottle of wine. The wine paired surprisingly well with both our dishes. As our waitress warned, this was a lot of food for just two people, but we were on vacation and wanted to try both these items. As good as the fried chicken was, we definitely liked the short ribs more. Amazing BBQ sauce and it melts in your mouth. Honestly, the chicken was actually a bit too salty for my liking, but perfectly moist inside. Stay away from the peach sundae with ginger marshmellows. It sounded light and different so we gave it a try, but it was terrible and we sent it back. We just didn't like the taste. The service here is fantastic. Our waitress took off the dessert from our bill - how nice is that?! Will definitely be back for more grub and will try a different dessert next time!
We went to YardBird to celebrate my wife's and my birthday with a group of friends. We called in advance to make a reservation; unfortunately they only take a few bigger parties each night since it's a small restaurant. Maria, the Manager, said they had already booked the limit on large parties, but would take our info down and let us know if any of them cancelled. Sure enough a few nights before our birthdays, she called to give us the reservation! I appreciate that she went out of her way to secure us a table and didn't make us keep calling to check availability. When we arrived the place was overflowing with people so we waited by the bar, but within ten minutes our table was ready. We were waited on by Tamika, who was very sweet, nice and helpful. She explained that they served large tapas to share with the group and made recommendations on the menu. We ordered a few orders of the Biscuits, Fried Green Tomato BLT, Pork Croquettes, Chicken N' Watermelon N' Waffles, Macaroni and Cheese, and Sweet Potatoes. Everything was excellent, especially the Fried Green Tomato BLT - the pork belly makes this plate, my wife loved it and she hates pork belly. We were glad we went in a group because the plates are plentiful so you need to share. The service was great; Tamika constantly came by the table (but not in an annoying way) asking if we needed anything, and refilling our drinks. I was a bit weary of how the service would be since it's the beach, but she went out of her way to take care of us even though her tip was already included. We will definitely be returning.
Awesome, the staff was excellent and the food was slap your mama good. Everything was fresh and seasoned to perfection. The macaroni and cheese is to die for so were the chicken and biscuits. If you are ever in Miami stop by Yard Bird they will not disappoint.
Everything that southern BBQ should be. Be sure to try the mama's chicken biscuits or the ribs!
We ate here a couple of weeks ago when visiting Miami.  We read it won a 2012 Eater Award.  Great food and service.  We were talked out of trying a couple items because we would be "ordering too much food".  My only complaint...but I hope it's still there when we visit again next year.  Very creative bar, too.
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but this place is a down-home gem in the too-trendy Miami Beach area. The interior was impeccably designed in a contemporary southern style, with a mason jar chandelier, chalkboards, and comfortable seating. The food. I mean, THE FOOD. I hate this word, and yet no other word can describe the food here: AMAZEBALLS. We started with the BLT (on recommendation from other yelpers). Savory pork belly on a fried green tomato with greens and a yummy sauce. To die for! My hubby and I split the fried chicken meal, which came with a delish cornbread roll and minted watermelon. I don't care much for fried food, but this fried chicken was the best thing since sliced bread. The seasoning and the crispy skin, and yet juicy and tender chicken was so yummy! The sides were equally as impressive and tasty! Our drinks were the same story... my hubby loves craft beer and so we asked our server about a few of the beers on the menu. She was exceptionally knowledgeable and recommended a fantastic beer. I had a blackberry cocktail of some sort, served in a mason jar, which was thoroughly enjoyed!!! I wish Yardbird would come to Northern California! But if ever I'm in Florida, I will certainly make a trip to Miami Beach to dine here. You will not be disappointed!
Like woah. This place never disappoints. I have been here a few times already and I always have a solid experience. The service is great, the drinks are fun, and the food is to. Die. For! I have the say in the times I have come here, I always order the something, for appetizers we get the fried green tomato and for entrees we get the chicken and waffles and for moi, I always order mama's chicken and biscuits. The fried green tomatoes are just out of this world. It's not greasy at all and the chunk of bacon with the magical cheese spread just make this appetizer work and leave you wanting more. I also ordered a side of biscuits, because duh, I mean who wouldn't? The biscuits are my favorite part and great preview to mama's chicken and biscuits. When our food arrived, I was in heaven. The chicken and biscuits are just out of this world. The chicken has an amazing flavor to it and it is not greasy at all. The biscuits are huge and have a sweet glaze on top which gives the dish that yummy salty savory feel. As for the chicken and waffles, I didn't personally try it, but I heard it was amazing. For dessert, I wanted to order the Nutella ice cream sandwich that I had seen on Instagram but at the time we were a week early of this menu item being launched. It is definitely on my list for next time. As always, I can't wait for my next Visit.
I finally went to Yardbird after much talk from friends and colleagues. As a lover of southern food, I was excited to try many of the southern items on which I was raised. My desire naturally birthed a large order at my table so that I could try what seemed to be highlights of the menu.   I began my culinary adventure with the chicken liver, which was essentially a pate. I thought that the dish was wonderful, and the relish on top of the pate served as a flavorful enhancement to the entire dish. The plating was also lovely, with the sea salt crystals provided a textural and visual contrast.   After my liver came the chicken and biscuits, which was not as impressive as I hoped. For me, southern food is not to be pristine, so the egg-washed biscuit was a little much. I also felt that the chicken, cooked in the same mix as the fried chicken, was not as flavorful as I thought it should have been. (I tried the fried chicken, too, and I can tell you that everyone at my table asked for tobasco sauce).   An unexpected highlight was the kale. It is served with butter, garlic, and bacon, which gave it a wonderful flavor.   I know that I missed out on the bourbon-based drinks, but from those at my table who ordered them, they seemed good and strong. I will say that those people I consider real drinkers found a new friend in "the old confederate," and those who only drink for look, found refuge in some white-bourbon-with-watermelon drink. Nevertheless, there was something for everyone.
AMAZING. I cannot believe it has taken me this long to come to Yardbird.  I recommend making a reservation because this place is packed for lunch and dinner! Hubs and I came for Sunday brunch a month ago.  Even though we had a reservation, we still had to wait about 15 minutes.  We waited at the bar and had a cocktail - Southern Peach for me and Hubs had a Kentucky Mule. The bartenders are great and have a very cool vintage, hipster vibe to them.   The restaurant is beautiful - lots of wood - vintage and modern decor and lots of light. I don't know how to describe it but it's wonderful. Ok, to the food. We ordered way too much. We wanted to try everything!!! For starters, we had Fried Green Tomato BLT. I love fried green tomatoes and this did not disappoint.  The pimento cheese was soooo good. For mains, we split the chicken and waffles (can never resist chicken & waffles) and the shrimp and grits (another dish I can never resist) and we also had the mac and cheese. We had dessert too but for the life of me, I cannot remember. BEYOND STUFFED.  Holy moly.   This is Southern food at its finest and a refined take on the classics.  Love it and cannot wait to go back.
After hearing all the rave reviews about this place I just had to try it. We got there early & had brunch. We had mimosas, the veggie quiche & the salmon & egg sandwich every thing was DELICIOUS! Our server provided us with excellent service & was right there when we needed him, our food came out promptly & hot, the bus boy picked up as soon as we were done & a nice little touch at the end was when the manager came by to see if we enjoyed our meal & actually thanked us for coming in. Talk about perfect customer service! The atmosphere is nice, warm & cozy. We'll be back!
not worth talking about nice place poor food that cost more at lunch than dinner
This place is in Miami Beach, but could just as easily be in Tribeca or Soho. It's Southern comfort food with a modern twist--a foodie's wet dream. The fried chicken is the best I've ever had, whether it's the chicken and waffles served with bourbon maple syrup and spiced watermelon or the chicken biscuits. A bunch of us came here for brunch and sampled various items such as the aforementioned chicken, the '77 Elvis pancakes, grits, bacon, biscuits, and mac and cheese. Everything was excellent, even their cocktails. This is a great place to cure a hangover between the delicious comfort food and the Bloody Marys and other cocktails. You might even run into local celebrities. And by that I mean prominent members of the Miami Heat (boo). You'll probably want to make a reservation because this place gets crowded.
This place is awesome! Nothing bad I can even say! Went for brunch today and thoroughly enjoyed it! We had the strawberry balsamic cocktails which were great! We got the chicken and biscuit sliders and I got the grilled mango and pecan salad. We also shared the shrimp and grits. Everything was so fresh, delicious, and seemed farm to table! The decor is fun and very country chic- lamps made of mason jars and country flowers on the tables. I'd def recommend to anyone visiting Miami Beach to make a stop at Yardbird.
BISCUITS BISCUITS BISCUITS You can not stop here without order the chicken biscuits. What a dish. Ate that along with the waffles and friend chicken, damn it was good. Place was packed on a Tuesday night at 9, couldnt beilive it. Make reservations if you can. I went back that same weekend it was so good.
Fabulous place!  Loved the vibe and decor.  Service was awesome, great bourbon drinks and yummy vegetarian options.   Had a fab time with my girlfriends and we all loved it!
the fried green tomato app was wonderful great bartender fun and professional fun vvibe for all ages
Went for lunch.   The blue plate special,  I think,  is a steal.    The fried chicken is one of my favorites I've ever had,  after Willie Mae's in nola, and the G.O.A.T. the Old Country store in Lorman,  MS. The mac and cheese was rich and filling.  The ambiance is perfectly southern, with a fair selection of blues music playing.   It feels right to be drinking a bourbon.   And so i did.  That blackberry bourbon lemonade is perfectly balanced.
Had a very good lunch I ate the cauliflower sandwich and it was very flavorful. Wife had the Shrimp and grits and she enjoyed it. My son had the Waffle and chicken he liked it a lot. Arrived around 2:00 was able to get seated right away but I recommend you make an a reservation. Service was great. Will return shortly.
Great place to meet friends and have a good bite to eat. The staff was pretty responsive considering the place was full and the bar makes good drinks. You can order a few dishes and share. The ribs and the fried green tomato sandwich (you can split it 4 ways for a taste) were very good. Try the macroni and cheese as a side - wow! The benyas are an excellent choice for desert but I was not a fan of the bacon ice cream (they only give you alittle on the side with the Benyas). Believe it or not, I came here for some good fried chicken but it was what I enjoyed the least! It is good and not greasy but could definetly been more flavorfull. Valet is a little pricey @ $15 and there is not much room to leave cars so you may want to park in the garage on Lincoln and walk a block. Yardbird is a welcome choice to south Florida dining.
I thought I was in LA not Miami . The southern food menu was a nice change of pace since almost everything these days seems to be tapas of some sort. My friends and I had the blue plate specials ( the food actually comes on blue plate! ) fried chicken - YUMMY! The service at the Yardbird was great. Greeted by the host, server was patient and attentive during our whole stay!
A great meal experience - great staff, great food, love the ambiance.  We started with the Fried Green Tomato app and the Chicken and Biscuits - both were excellent.  Then we ordered the chicken/waffles/watermelon, the cowboy cut pork chop, the butternut squash and the shrimp and grits.  Again everything was excellent.  Dessert was strawberry shortcake - very light and flavorful.  I wasn't disappointed in anything.  Drinks were the blackberry bourbon lemonade and the sweet melissa.  The bartender made a fine drink - a generous pour where the fruits and mixers didn't overpower the bourbon.  Our waiter spent a lot of time with us going over menu items, making suggestions, etc and was so incredibly nice.  We started talking about their other restos (Kong River House/Swine) and he brought one of the managers over to talk to us and she spent a good 15 minutes at our table - super friendly, very sweet and no South Beach attitude at all.
Love this place! Ximena provided excellent service! Yard bird is truly a fusion of southern cooking with a classy Miami style! The drinks are amazing creations of refreshing goodness!
(3.5) I still haven't come to terms on how I feel about Yardbird. For all intents and purposes, Yardbird has anything and everything that would make any meal or special occasion feel right. The ambiance is modern rustic chic, but comforting. Pleasant lighting and an open kitchen where you can watch the dedicated chefs doing what they do best. But for some reason, the few times I've actually sat down and dined there I haven't been blown away; their menu dishes don't deliver. Their staple dish, chicken and waffles, leaves a lot to be desired. They have a good shrimp and grits dish, but nothing out of this world and everything else leaves you wondering what else there could possibly be to it for the amount you are paying. But if there is one thing that I'm absolutely bananas about is their bar. Forget dinning, theres nothing that I love doing more than coming in on a Sunday with some buds, sitting at the bar and under the mastery of bartender Sean, whisking through the afternoon with the most outrageously delightful concoctions on this side of Meridian.  You will have such a great time because the bar staff is friendly, knowledgable and very accommodating, and their conversation is always so engaging; it's what keeps me coming back for more. The best dish you will enjoy is their ever changing charcuterie board, and don't forget to ask for the Scarlet O'hara, I could drink a well full if it didn't knock me off my feet!
Our large group dinner at Yardbird was an outstanding, memorable experience. Everyone walked away from dinner saying it was one of the best they've had in a long time. All of our favorite southern comfort food favorites kicked up a couple gourmet notches. Do not miss the BLT and deviled egg appetizers!  The fried chicken, biscuits, watermelon, okra, and shrimp & grits were all outstanding. The pork ribs were ok - tasty but not much smoke and slathered with a sweet sauce. Huge props for Yardbird's outstanding bourbon and beer selections! Will definitely come back next time we're in Miami.
Food was fantastic. Must get the biscuits on the side with whatever you order! Nice selection of meat and vegetarian options, along with bourbon and wines. All the cocktails on the drink menu were made with bourbon, though they do have a full bar, I would have liked to see other cocktail options. Tables were a bit close together which make it loud, but the atmosphere is great and well themed for the restaurant.
worst over priced food i have ever had. there lucky miami beach likes trendy places, thats the only reason they stay opened. fried chicken at publix is a third of the price and taste much better then there greasy chicken.
Ate here today for the first time. The food was amazing.  We ordered the BlackBerry drink which was really good. For starters we had the biscuits that came with a small jar of butter & jam, and the fried green tomatoes blt. I was pleasantly surprised that the pork belly wasn't soft and fatty and had a good flavor. The chicken and waffles dish is enough for three people to share. The chicken was moist, but not greasy. The maple syrup made the waffles stand out. For dessert we shared the red velvet trifle. Everything was perfect. Our waiter was helpful and attentive. I would definitely recommend to friends and family. I would also eturn to try the ribs.
Yardbird is never a disappointment! I'm a vegetarian and this is one of my fave restaurants. I always choose from the 'fixins' section. The Mac and cheese is great, so is the okra, the fries, the spiced watermelon, the cheddar waffles, and the biscuits are all great! I also recommend the butter mango salad and the warm farmer's cheese. I heard the cauliflower steak is a great choice for vegetarians, as well. Haven't tried it yet, but it's on my list! As far as drinks, you can never go wrong with the blackberry bourbon lemonade or any of their drinks really, they're all phenomenal! I just tried the porkbelly cocktail (no meat in the drink) and it was amazing! Also, Randy the server is great and makes awesome recommendations!
Finally something really cool in SoBE. This is very different that any other restaurant in the area: trendy decor and casual atmosphere. I do like and absolutely recommend it either for lunch on weekends or dinner during the week It is very noisy, thanks to the crowd, as every day is package. Yardbird brings fatty food and class together. Fried chicken & watermelon, cheese & melon... tasty and good, but the bacon ice cream... awful mix!
I think this place is great . The salad was fresh and the sides were inventive. The grits were incredible and cheesy but not really that southern. The macaroni and cheese was good but it was mediocre thanks to the grits.  Also, the fried chicken was very good but it had a lot of fat on it.  It is what south beach has needed for quite sometime but as a girl who lived in NOLA for three years I cannot grace it with the true "Southern' name.
Amazing Bloody Mary, chicken and waffles and atmosphere. Tried many dishes, shrimp and grits omelet of the day, eggs Benedict casserole all very good but if you go get fried chicken.
This place is so good. It fits squarely into the vanguard of new southern cuisine as interpreted by folks like Sean Brock. Flavors are complex, balanced, inventive and fresh. There is a definitely a preponderance of smoke, salt, and bourbon to be had, but it's done in a way that moves beyond the mere bounds ham-fisted explosions of rich flavors. Superb food. Be sure to make a reservation.
Without a doubt a fantastic place for lunch or dinner - southern, no hype or judging, awesome friendly wait-staff - you will not be dissapointed.... We went here for a pre-New Years Eve late lunch and were back again the following morning for a recovery breakfast. The menu is large and diverse, good portions and designed for sharing. Drinks were absolutely out of this world - go for the Blackberry Bourbon lemonade - wine list was extensive, as was the beer selection. Seriously, I carry some of the most expensive body fat known to man - from fine dining to dive-joints - I made sure to add 2lbs so I keep this place as a favourite with me always. This place will leave you with spring in your step and a memorable experience, then again - the Blackberry bourbon lemonade helped a little. A big thank-you to Laura, CJ and the staff for a fantastic experience. If you're umming and ahhing about whether to go or not......... just go, don't think even think about it.
Amazing Southern food.  I live for the fried chicken and waffles plate.  They also have a great drink selection too.  One of my favorite spots in all of Miami.
My husband and I had the most delicious and romantic meal here two weeks ago while we were on vacation in Miami. We'd heard of the restaurant from a few different places: a friend's recommendation, as well as a write-up in Bon Appetite magazine. And after looking at the menu online, we knew we had to go! This ended up being our favorite meal after traveling around Miami, South Beach and Key West for two weeks. By far. Listen to everyone's advice about the friend chicken. I have never had such moist, flavorful, sweet chicken before in my life. It's full of flavor, super savory in the most satisfying way. The fried green tomato dish was also a favorite. In fact, we ordered so many delicious bites and dishes, that we didn't even get to our biscuits and had to devour them (quite happily) for breakfast the next morning. Also! Apparently, I like bourbon!?!?! I never  thought I liked bourbon, and yet each drink was more delicious than the last. It's also worth noting that the design of the restaurant is also beautiful. As an advertising professional, I sometimes feel particularly snobby about the design and aesthetic of restaurants and menus and all design decisions. Well, Yardbird had a great feeling and a great look. I loved the handdrawn chalk on the walls, as well as their silly sayings. It was quite refreshing in contrast to the kitschy and sometimes cheesy Miami Beach restaurants. Even though this restaurant may seem gimmicky and overdone and maybe even hipstery, it stands up to the hype. Every single dish and drink was delicious, creative and memorable. The staff was attentive and friendly. And it was an unforgettable dining experience. We even tried to go back two days later! Of COURSE they were all booked. As well they should be!
I do not know what the buzzzzz was about this place.... cocktails were ok.... chicken... was... not what I was expecting... everyone on yelp saying its the best... i beg to differ... All this place has going for itself is the environment and the following... had strawberry bourbon?: ok peach mojito: Awesome the chicken biscuits : pretty good macaroni cheese: ehhh... chicken platter with the watermelon and waffles:  ehhh... A lot of food... but the price is reflective of it...
Are you kidding me?  People have given this place less than 5 stars?!? The food is fantastic.  Make sure you try the Chicken and Biscuits appetizer, as it is simply indescribable.   The server was fast, friendly, and knowledgeable.  The cocktails were also good, and the only negative to the evening was that I wish the cocktails were a little bigger.   Fantastic place, food unbelievable, service prompt and courteous.  Must try.
I heart this place.  Bourbon cocktails! Yumm  Gourmet style comfort food.  Theres a great ambiance and vibe as well.  I love the decor and the details throughout the restaurant.  They also do some great events like the Kentucky derby and Friday HH, free drinks for ladies?! Amazing
This place is the very definition of "overrated". My friend and I shared the Fried Green Tomato BLT appetizer which is essentially a fried green tomato topped with pimento cheese and pork belly. The fried green tomato was soggy. The pork belly was cooked to death that it reminded me of overcooked bacon rather than soft, sweet and tender pork belly. The pimento cheese overpowered everything. It is all we could taste. What a disappointment this dish was because we saw it being RAVED about on the show Unique Eats on one of the episodes in which Yardbird featured. We had the "27 HRS" Fried Chicken which is their staple. It was pretty good. Nothing that I would roll over and die about. We had the Fried Okra and Farro as sides. Stay away from the Farro if you hate liver because it is totally immersed in liver mousse. These sides were as average as could be. I am glad I gave this place a good old college try since it featured on Unique Eats but I won't be back to it. I don't know how it ended up on the show to begin with. I have to make a comment about the service in that it was incredible. Our waiter was very kind, attentive and not hovering. The service is the only thing that made our experience tolerable.
This was my first time eating at a southern restaurant, so I was a little apprehensive about the choices for vegetarian diners. But Yardbird did not disappoint! Since most of us at the table were vegetarian, we ordered a bunch of the smaller plates instead of an entree and the portions were definitely satisfying. Absolutely loved the mac & cheese, sweet potatoes, and friend green tomatoes. I only wish there were more options like these on the menu!
The food here...all of it...is phenomenal. If you haven't been, MAKE A RESERVATION (or be prepared to wait outside the front door for it to open), and go right now. I've been here a handful of times for brunch and managed to try a good bit of the menu. Honestly, you can't go wrong with most anything here (even though I wasn't crazy about the Fried Green Tomato BLT - and I LOVE fried green tomatoes) here are some of the standouts: - Chicken and Waffles - It's a mess to eat but so worth it. This is neck and neck for best Chicken & Waffles in Miami (if you're wondering about the other contender, it's Eating House). - Eggs Benedict Casserole - another dish that's a bit of a mess, but the flavors are perfect. I have in the past ordered an extra biscuit to be able to sop up every last bit of eggy goodness. - Mama's Chicken & Biscuits - The chicken is incredibly flavorful and tender, the pepper jelly is a great complement - and I'm not sure if they still do this but if there's a little bit of curried cauliflower on your plate don't be afraid - dig in. Trust. - Cheddar Waffle - This thing can be a meal in and of itself and might be my fave dish. The chow chow is a little vinegary which is a perfect pair for the sweetness of the syrup. - Grits - A good reason to go with a bunch of people. If you have someone to share with, definitely get this as a side. - Mac & Cheese - YES. Amazing. If you're sitting there thinking that I've just listed half the menu a) you're right and b) it's a testament to how fantastic the food is here. As far as the service goes, it's never been anything but exceptional. Expect better than your usual snooty South Beach attitude - Yardbird is classy AND down to earth.
make a reservation; this place is busy and hip! lol anyhow on to a busy friday night 930 reservation, we walked in right away...however note I think we lucked out because a table was ready, not because they held it...therfore minus the one star....the drinks were awesome and cheap...I will def come back here for cocktails and apps... on to the food...we had the BLT with FGT...YUM and the edamame was great too...as well as the chicken and biscuits the other yelpers have raved about...we also ordered the fried chicken and ribs...here comes the other point of the minus one star the chicken was great ...but it was like one piece was good the other was bad (greasy,veiny,) the other good and the other bad...also the waffles are amazing they serve with it...seriously yardbird, were already indulging give us the whole damn delicious waffle!!!! couldnt say a bad word about the ribs, great portions and the sides too...moreover even on a busy fri night the service was attentive and prompt...loved the decor and feel of the place.. its great for a change here in the beach of burgers, pizza, salad and italian food...nice idea...and decent pricing 150$ for four ppl with drinks and app and desserts
Upon arriving from an afternoon in key biscayne we got seated at the bar. We were told to get the fried chicken and the shrimp and grits by an unnamed queen of the food critics. However, we first noticed the enticing looking mason jar cocktails so we ordered some. The drinks were amazingly refreshing and tasteful. Didn't know a bourbon cocktail could taste so refreshing and get one drunk at the same time. I ordered 2 blackberry lemonades. (Do not attempt to replicate this at home as it is impossible) The food was equally good, the fried chicken juicy and very well seasoned. The shrimp and grits although a tiny bit salty were still the best shrimp and grits I've had. Although not cheap, it was very worth it.
Do not bring kids. I actually can't rate this restaurant because we never even got to eat the food. They were so rude to us for having the audacity to bring a perfectly behaved child to dinner at 6:30 pm, that we ended up having to leave before we were served. I understand if you don't want kids at your establishment, but say it on your website or say it when I made my reservation asking for a high chair or say it when I arrive. Don't go ahead and seat me then spend the next 30 minutes utterly embarrassing me for having a child, until you shame me into leaving. I wonder if their nasty hostesses realize what their own mothers went through when raising them?
I loved this place. Meal was so yummy. Never have had grits that I liked. The ambiance is pretty cool as well!!! Wish I didn't live all the way in Chicago!!!
I like the style of Yardbird, the location (next door to the Abbey), and the drinks (really great). However, this isn't a place where I can eat a lot which is to say that all of the options, even the non-meat ones, are not vegetarian. Keep that in mind NOT KIND AT ALL TO VEGETARIAN OR OTHERWISE NOT PORK-EATING FRIENDS. That said, the food looked fantastic. Everyone I was with seemed to really enjoy their ribs. I thought the shrimp and grits were good even though they had to be sent back to have bacon removed (that I'd asked not to be added to the meal in the first place) and it's clear they're cooked in beef broth, btw, which isn't too cool for me at all. The mac n' cheese was great. Really. I guess that's pretty much the ONLY thing that a veggie can eat there though certainly not a vegan. I will say, though, it gets three stars for making the food LOOK so appetizing that I almost wish I did eat pork.
The sweet tea was perfect! Ordered the crunchy Yardbird sandwich (I ordered a fried green tomato on the sandwich instead of a regular one, great choice!!), the hubby got the Chicken 'n waffles 'n watermelon! Both dishes were divine!!! Also ordered blackberry bourbon lemonade! Yum!! If you have children.. They do not have high chairs or booster seats.. Valet is only $5! :)
Great food. Loud and crowded. I was originally seated at a very cramped table and asked to be moved.  They granted my request with GREAT service.  The chicken and waffle was AMAZING!!!  It was worth every cent.
I wanted to like Yardbird a lot. It was good but I was hoping for great . The highly touted fried chicken had flavor but the pieces were quite small and not very meaty. I am not a huge fan of shrimp and grits, but I had a taste from someone else at the table and did find it tasty at all. The mac & cheese from side was great and the mud pie we shared for dessert was superb. All in all, Yardbird was a nice room with a great concept and very good service. It was that food thing that had me a little disappointed. And isn;t why you eat our in the first place.
Though soon enough I'll be feasting on another type of bird, last night's craving was beyond satisfied at the famous Southern table sanctuary, Yardbird. Equal parts hip and homey, this South Beach eatery serves up some of the best Southern cookin' ya ever did have. At first sight, I ordered the Crema de Clabaza soup (Pumpkin Soup), topped with toasted pumpkin seeds and smoked creme fresh (WOW!). To wash it down,  I orderd a Bourbon blend of goodness called the Southern Revival (Buffalo Trace Bourbon, Basil, Passionfruit, Lemon Juice, Simple Syrup, Angostura Bitters), served ever-so appropriately in an old mason jar. To top off the barrel (our bellys), and  in true Southern fashion, we ordered the fried chicken platter served with Tabasco honey drizzle, chilled watermelon and half a cheddar waffle. With little room left, we disappointingly opted out of having dessert. Though a bit pricey, that certainly was a darn good meal, ya'll! I'll definitely be back for more (maybe next time for a lil brunchin'- runchickenrun.com).
Food was delicious ! My husband & I shared the fried green tomato app & the warm farmers cheese and watermelon app. For our entree we got the fried chicken & waffle plate which was a perfect size- hubby only likes white meat chicken and they had no problem accommodating (it is usually served with 1/2 a bird) We got there at 6:30 and requested an outside table and say right away. If you are going later i would suggest a reservation. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is a  cool trendy farmers feel. Good music , great food & great service -we will be back
Food was delicious.  I don't eat southern cruise regularly, but when I do, I enjoy going to an authentic restaurant.  Food was extremely fresh, fried chicken was tender, and waffles were flavourful.  We also ordered a side of fries with fixin's that came out perfectly hot.  Ambiance was traditionally southern, and waiter was very knowledgeable!
Amazing. The food, the service, the ambiance. The food is painstakingly made with love, the drinks are phenomenal, the service incredible. I want to eat here every day! Everything we had was delicious. We've visited for brunch and for dinner, both phenomenal. If you like good food, prepared well, this is the place for you. Recommend making reservations. If you don't find the time you want through Open Table, call the restaurant.
Honestly I ws underwhelmed. All this hype for decent food, and good service. But WAY TOO PRICEY for what it is and how much you get. Sorry Yard Bird not a fan.
A very pleasant surprise for a Miami eatery. The food is a great southern influenced infusion. Portions are very healthy. Went for brunch and ordered way too much, in fairness the server did let us know we were ordering plenty of food. Great rustic decor and very popular. Bloody marts were sensational. Try the chicken biscuit and BLT. Service was friendly and attentive. Worth a taste.
Known for their chicken and biscuits. ..so that is what I ordered.  Did not disappoint.   Amazing and the 2 mini  sandwiches came with a light honey glaze.  They are listed as a small plate but perfect sized entrée when ordered with a side dish.   Watermelon side is seasoned with a bit of spice and basil and is surprisingly a great combo. Chicken liver toast small plate tasted bleh.  Still giving the restaurant 5 stars...just avoid this dish :)
Went there after all the talk and word of mouth i had heard. Believe the hype., This place is a total comfort food joint. Not exactly what i go for (i try to eat healthy for the most part) but definitely worth a try. They have a large selection of bourbons, which my husband tried, in one cocktail and even though i don't like bourbon much, i gotta say i tried it and it was very good. The restaurant is well appointed and decorated, i dig the vibe. If you like Southern food, you will most likely enjoy this place. Portions are tapas styles so you can share on each plate. I remember we had the meatloaf, which was soft and delicious, crispy but soft at the same time. We also had the mashed potatoes, and by recommendation of the waiter we tried the fried chicken. It was excellent !!. Also crispy and soft and fall of the bone deliciousness. A must try when you go there. It was just so much and so greasy that i do not think it is a place to go to on a regular basis, i was in a food coma right after, but to indulge yourself once in a while, why not?
Oh my dang! This place is good! first the atmosphere is spot on rustic but clean and professional... with a soundtrack of classic gritty southern rhythm and blues. I wanted to take everything home with me; the decor, the art, the music... I even tried to buy one of the T-shirts the servers wear. Speaking of servers, our server Danny was on point. He was sharp, friendly, fun, knew everything on the menu, and took great care of us. We started with some Small Shares: Southern "Edamame", Pimento Cheese Jar, Brunswick Stew, and mmm... Mama's Chicken Biscuits. We followed that with some Big Shares: Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs, Shrimp N' Grits, and Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken. Listed in that order, each dish was literally better than the last. You think you couldn't have anything more blissfully tasty and the you try the next thing. We also sampled some of their house cocktails: Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade, Smoked Pear, and the Kentucky Mule. Each was smooth and delicious. In the end I left blissfully drunk on fine southern cooking... And bourbon ;-) I will definitely go back again.  There are still more dishes and drinks to try!
Interesting options to choose from.  Great small bites as well as dinner portions.  A casual yet hip and modern vibe.  Loved it!
The mac n cheese& the house cut fries are to die for!!! Best I've ever had anywhere. If you stop you must try them! Pricey but worth it!
I had a business meeting there, with a few people that were important for me to be listening to, so I didn't read the menu as closely as I should have. 3 of the 4 at the table, ordered salads and the other had shrimp and grits. I have to say I was not thrilled with the salmon salad-The salmon was wonderfully fresh, but was kinda skimpy and lost at the bottom of the bowl, the peas and little potatoes were flavorless. BUT-this is a case of my poor choice, the tables around us had some of the best looking, best smelling lunch dished I can recall. (Fried Chicken!) Our waiter was Awesome, forgot his name, a very informed, well versed man, that really made our (my) dining experience there wonderful. Apparently the place had undergone cosmetic changes, as I am not a native to the area. Very sheek, very warm and inviting with an open kitchen area.
What can I say about a place that comes alive as soon as you open the doors? It was a rainy afternoon when we decided to do something different and off of Lincoln Road. We took the 2 minute walk to the corner of Lenox and 16th Street and looked up and saw the signage. Hmm, looked interesting. Southern cooking in the middle of a hot Spring day in Miami. I'm game! The decor is inviting with its wood paneling and chalk drawings over the kitchen alcove. One look at the menu told me all I needed to know, this place has all my comfort food favorites! From a wide variety of Bourbons to a good variety of American Brewed beers, I knew I was in good hands. It was lunch time, so we decided to order up a couple of sandwiches and share. I ordered the short rib sandwich, and my partner ordered the pork Po'boy. While we had our beers, we took the opportunity to look around and marvel at how well "themed" the place is. From the wood chairs and tables to the wood-paneled walls to the beautiful exposed-beamed ceiling. The place looks great. The service is excellent as well. We had a very clever "stylish" New York waitress who spored some interesting tattoos on her harms. She took real good care of us. The sandwiches came to us piping hot, and as soon as I wrapped my mouth around that short rib sandwich, I was sold. Someone at another table was having the Fried Chicken and Waffle and the other guy was having the blue plate special which was just the Fried chicken. By the looks of things, you get a hearty portion of everything. I know for sure, I'll be back.
This place is super hyped by those who review it.  It's a really attractive restaurant located in the heart of sobe. Just off Lincoln road.  Very cool bar area and nice place people watch, as people come from all over to sample this place.  Notwithstanding the above,  the food to me is just okay.  It's all presented nice and there's some interesting menu items one may select but the fried chicken is nothing that special. The menu items are small in portion size for the prices they are charging.   I wasn't blown away by it all and I've been to the place three times now.  I've tried to really like it but each time I'm  not at all wowed.   I may or may not return.  The scene gets it three stars but after three visits, my conclusion is it's all hype with attractively presented, average or below average fare.
Yardbird has been "bookmarked" on my yelp for quite some time now.  So when Karla E suggested we have lunch there I was on board. The ONLY downside of the entire meal is that they wouldn't seat us until our entire party arrived.  The hubby and I were running late so our friends had to wait patiently until we arrived. But now for the fun stuff: Fried Chicken on a biscuit?  Yes please!!  It was all you can imagine AND more. Fried Chicken alone?  Yes, please!!  It was moist,  it was yummy it was everything fried chicken should be. Steak and Eggs? Sure, this meal needs some protein.  It was perfect.  The eggs and the steak were cooked to perfection. Mimosas?  Of Course!  It's brunch/lunch.   We walked out in a food induced coma.   BUT beware... this is a meal FILLED with calories and HEAVY on the pockets so don't attend unless you are ready to splurge.
Great bourbon drink list. I could've sat there all day and tried one after another. I did end up having 3 w brunch. Great start to my sunny Saturday in Miami. The food was very good, we had the grits, chicken n waffles, quiche and short rib sandwich. All were fresh and delicious. I'd def go back for dinner
This place is always full!  This is the place where you will find a lot fo the movers and shakers of Miami Beach hanging out.  Thier Happy hour and food is good.  I guess this is the best place to get Fried chicken and your southern food fix.
This place is simply stellar. We have been there three times and have never been disappointed with the food or service in the slightest. My personal favorite is the ribs but my boyfriend could live solely on the mac and cheese. And please do yourself a favor and indulge in the mashed sweet potatoes-they most certainly are not your typical Thanksgiving sweet potatoes. Another great staple that everyone should try is the chicken and biscuits. I start to crave them the second I land in Miami! As for their well stocked and fully staffed bar-they make a mean margarita and the blackberry lemonade is a great staple. Even when they're hopping on a Saturday night, you won't wait more than 5 or so minutes for your table. Service with a smile is how I would describe the staff. We have been lucky enough to have Delon twice and he is THE BEST. Then again, he's a Philly guy. Maybe I'm a tad partial? Enjoy and don't be bashful-lick your fingers. You know you want to....
Good food, good service, good time and good whiskey. Well yelp is a bunch off jackasses they want my review to be longer and they won't let me post my original post so here's the fluff I hope they like.
I am Officially rating this 4 stars, but could absolutely be a 5 under different circumstances.  We had a large group including infant and toddler.  Did not have a reservation but they were super accommodating.  Did not know what we were doing, but they were super accommodating, informative, and had we listened more carefully .... The point of this place is to share.  So you order a bunch of different entrees and enjoy the flavors and textures and creativity.  EXCEPT WHEN IT COMES TO THE SIDES.  GET YOUR OWN mac and cheese and you will be happy.  The beans were delicious, the biscuits were sharable, but very good.  The deviled eggs, some of the best you will have.  Cauliflower mashed, very creamy, every outstanding, and an extensive bourbon selection (signature blackberry drink was just ok though).  Also did not like their take on a moscow mule, but could be my palate, not the drink.   Back to the food, fried chicken was phenomenal.  shrimp and grits even better.  Ribs, interesting sauce, did not like the ribs so much, but am a traditionalist when it comes to that.   This is well worth the effort it takes to get to this place, about five blocks off of ocean drive, and MUCH better than ANYTHING on Ocean drive.
Went for brunch and absolutely LOVED this place great atmosphere and the fried chicken in ALL dishes doesn't matter which dish you order is by far the best I have ever had!!
Yardbird is so good. This is the best, cleanest, fried chicken I've ever eaten. We tried the chicken and biscuits and the blue plate special. The chicken and biscuits are just unbelievable. They are served with a slightly spicy honey sauce that goes perfectly with the biscuit. The blue plate comes with 3 pieces of chicken, a delicious biscuit, and watermelon that is soaked in some kind of deliciousness. When we go back we are getting the chicken and waffles for sure!  Cannot wait!
I was in town for business and had heard good things about Yardbird, so I decided to get some exercise and take a mile-long walk over to this place. It was pretty busy on a Tuesday; luckily (or sadly) I was by myself and had no problem getting a bar seat. I can't do anything but praise this place.  The servers were enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had a great bourbon drink (they have a ton), a kale salad and Mama's Chicken Biscuits, which is considered a small shared plate.  The kale salad was light, refreshing and incredibly tasty, while the chicken biscuits were mouth-watering good.  This place is best suited for groups that like to share food, so the only complaint I have is that I don't have any friends in town, because the rest of the menu looked delicious.
What a cute and refreshing little spot!  Love the decor-unique and inviting.  The food was great-deviled eggs, mac and cheese, beans, biscuits, shrimp and grits.....The fried chicken was very good;  although, not the best I have ever had.  We went with a big group, and I was really, really hard to understand about how much food we should get for everyone to enjoy.   We ended up over ordering, and I wish this could have been more easily navigated.  Probably would have been better to go only with my husband or a couple of close friends. Cute spot.
We went back on the 15th for the Brunch was as always perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they never fail. :) This time we took our 3 year old son and would be worried about a few things.. 1. we wouldn't be able to find something on the menu for him and 2. He is 3 and acts like a 3 year old and its not a place we wanted him to act up.. Well I must say. I was wrong.. He had the bacon maple donut and was never quieter while eating.. He LOVED it. and my 2nd worry was dismissed quit fast as he was hyper and happy and wanted to play and talk. And every server who passed him played along with him, stopped to talk and make him laugh. Also I could not find anything to drink on the menu as I did not want soda or liquor with brunch so I asked the waitress what else I could have.. She asked me a few questions and went in the back and whipped me up a nice fruity lemonade full of fresh berries.  Again this place not only has fantastic food. but the service is better than any other place I have ever eaten at. It is a family favorite for us :)
This was a real cool place, everyone should check it out. Really unique cocktails and some real southern cooking. FAMILY STYLE. I guess they change their menu every so often. The group I was with visited Yardbird several times in the past couple years and were disappointed some dishes were not on the menu. I liked everything we ordered though.
I have been to yardbird various times and the food never disappoints! My favorite are Mamas chicken and biscuits! Today i tried their brunch for the first time and it was delicious! I was not a fan of their egg benedict and without me even complaining the manager discounted it from our bill! Best food and customer service!
It was everything we expected and more. While I'm not one to eat fried foods this was phenomenal. Glad I made a reservation too since every seat in the house was packed. We had great service. Both hostess were really nice. Got us a table really quickly. Even though I had a reservation I knew we were going to have to wait anyway, but we really didn't wait at all. The beers are great, we tried the lemonade and it was SO STRONG. We ordered the deviled eggs with caviar on top(made the eggs), the fried chicken biscuits (best fried chicken sandwich I have ever had in my life...there was honey drizzled over it), the cauliflower mash was amazing, and the shrimp and grits (were the best I've ever had). Our waiter was great, super helpful. At the end of the day it was reasonably priced for what you got. The valet was the worst part, took forever, but well worth the wait.
cool atmosphere, tables are set close together, My boyfriend and I had three share plates ..the deviled eggs which were delish but there were only two eggs cut in half so it was a very small appetizer to share. We had the steak which was a good size and well seasoned. It was accompanied by very little veg so I'm glad we also ordered the cauliflower mash which was delicious but a little too soup like in consistency. All in all it was a great meal in a fun trendy place. The service was great also.
After seeing this place on a few shows, and having a friend with good taste who raved about it, we decided to have our first lunch in Miami here. We heard they get crazy busy, so we made reservations online. Although, we got there a little earlier than the reservations, (and also had two friends join us) and getting seats was easy. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu, and gave us some good suggestions. Unfortunately, he wasn't very attentive throughout the meal, and we had to flag him down to get refills, and ketchup, etc. Ordered at the table: Biscuits,fried chicken, brisket sandwich, chicken sandwich, and shrimp and grits. The biscuits with honey butter and strawberry jam were delicious. I had the shrimp and grits, and was thrilled to find a version that wasn't loaded with cream, cheese, and other heavy dairy products. The shrimp were a little overcooked, but the overall dish was good, albeit a bit pricey at $28. My hubby had the spicy chicken sandwich and fries, we both thought this was a good dish as well. Our friends seemed happy with their choices too. I liked my food and beverages here, but wasn't as wowed as I thought I'd be. I live in the Bay Area, so prices weren't shocking to me, but I felt they were a little expensive for a casual lunch. Service was really lacking as well. This place is worth a stop if you're in the area, but if you only have a limited number of meals in Miami, I'd suggest skipping it.
The food is delicious. Fried chicken sublime. The service top-notch. And an awesome selection of Beer & Whiskey. Decor outstanding. The bathroom was tricky to find blends with the wall. Staff is very helpful and friendly. Excellent service.
I was skeptical about Yardbird given that I don't generally do Southern restaurants. Ultimately this was one of the best calls of the weekend by my buddy Nate. Quick thoughts: Fantastic drinks, Unpretentious & lively atmosphere and excellent food. Here's the rundown on the grub stack-ranked: - Swine Steak Frites - steak was great, but the crispy pig ears were ridiculously good - Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken - I'm a fried chicken rookie so maybe I don't know what amazing fried chicken is ....I'm guessing this is it - Macaroni and Cheese - solid - Mama's Chicken Biscuits - I don't really like biscuits... I liked these a lot - Corn - decent, pass on this one - Shrimp n'Grits - good, not-blowing
Oh My!!!! I had been expecting this meal for months!!! I was totally sold on the idea of family style southern yumminess...... I was very wrong, I really dont know if I ordered wrong or what happened but I left completly dissapointed, I am giving it 3 stars because others in my party loved their food. These is what we had: * grits: I thought they lacked flavor and texture...just bland out of the box and steep. $9 for a tiny plate * mac and cheese: same as the grits, we had great expectations but the portion was tiny and lacked the robust, cheesy flavor we were expecting. * chicken & herbs omelette: it was the daily brunch offering, people liked it....I have nothing special to say about it. * biscuits & spread & butter: probably the best item of the menu. Soft, buttery, delish. but small!!!! * fresh watermelon salad: mehhh....plain watermelon with basil and a bit of lime * wedge salad: good bacon, nothing else * drinks made with bourbon: hated them...too strong for me, these infusions tasted like cough syrup. The ambiance was great , although a bit too noisy ; but the service was spotless and the servers were very patient with all of our questions and requests. The place was packed with both locals and tourists, not too far from south beach but far enough to avoid over priced touristy traps. Wont be back because I didnt enjoy this type of cousine but I highly recommend you do and my fellow diners were very happy with their meals. Happy New Year !!
I'm pretty late in this review, however this is hands down my all time favorite restaurant. I came here to celebrate my birthday with my sister and a friend. We sat at the bar while waiting on our table and just ended up staying at the bar since we were having so much fun. When I was first told they're known for their  "fried chicken" I thought it wasn't a place I wanted to spend my bday night. But this place is much much more than that! Try "The best damn fried chicken you will ever have" and the upscale ambiance is the icing on the cake!! I will for sure be back on my next visit.
My friend saw this restaurant featured on the TV show, The Chew. She kept talking about it while planning out what to do and where to go while in Miami. So, for our last morning there, we walked from our hotel on Collins Ave to this place. The place was busy, but we sat down pretty quickly. Our server Andy was really great. Plus one star for having the coolest mustache. I wanted to reach out and curl the ends. He BELONGS at this southern cookin' spot. Chris was helping him out. He refilled my water constantly and kept me hydrated through one of the most memorable meals of my life. Not even exaggerating. We ordered mimosas ($11 each! But twas yummy.) So...I love fried chicken. Therefore, I am completely enamored with yardbird. I now will have to change my yelp profile to say that for my last meal, I will no longer be having lobster rolls or sushi or anything seafood-y. I will now be requesting yardbird's chicken and waffles, with an extra large order of their watermelon. (sprinkled with cayenne pepper and mint! yum!!) And I would also like to request that Andy with the cool mustache serve it to me. Can't wait for my last meal!!
"Ditto" to all of the other 5-Star reviews. I came with a group of 7 for Sunday brunch and was luckily seated in approximately 30 minutes. The food was great, some notables are: Fried Chicken - best fried chicken I've ever had. Biscuits are amazing with the butter and jam I wish we ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT but we ordered pretty much everything else on the menu. I guess I'll have to come back to check it out...
This was recommended on trip advisor and yelp. It did not disappoint. Would definitely come again.  The shrimp n grits are awesome as well as the fried chicken. I shared the biscuits and Mac and cheese and there we good as well. Stop by this place for good southern cooking. This was the best food during our trip to Miami. I will can't wait to try it again.
Best fried chicken in Miami in my opinion. The plates are very inventive but still basic southern food. Service is always good
Best Southern Food in South Beach! I was here with my boyfriend in mid-January and we simply got addicted to the cheddar-cheese waffle. Who would ever think about putting cheddar onto a waffle together with home-made tomato chow-chow and then to top it all of with simple maple syrup? It was delish, to say at the very least! On another night we tried out the butter bean risotto with grilled hen of the woods mushrooms for dinner. This restaurant also has a great sense of humor as it mockingly "warns" its customers that a dish contains no meat. I myself am a vegetarian and thought this to be very funny, if not even unique. Another favorite are their beers. I simply fell in love with their oatmeal stout. Supposedly their drafts come from a small home brewery nearby. I cannot find any negatives to this restaurant except for the longish waiting time during peak hours (weekends especially) but that seems to be the norm everywhere. From bar to bathroom - this one is a well-groomed and fun gem! And sooo worth checking out if you're in the area!
With valet parking and gorgeous industrial chic decor, the place was less BBQ and more hipster New York.  Will R. and I tried their Chicken and Waffle and their Short Rib Sandwich for brunch on a Saturday morning.  The place is large enough that even by the time we left, there were still plenty of unoccupied tables.  Their beer list looks quite good and I tried a Jai Alai which was light and perfect for a hot February 90 degree day.  Will R. stuck to a straight forward Dale's Pale Ale. Yardbird makes their own inhouse BBQ sauce and it arrived hot at the table.  The fried chicken was good but it wasn't blow-out-of-my-mind good.  The savory waffles even with a light smear of the bourbon pecan butter still managed to be a little dry and I yearned for maple syrup.  The Short Rib sandwich came on substantial sourdough slices that had fantastic texture and were tasty enough on their own.  Unfortunately, the meat was dry which is why we asked for BBQ sauce. Service was impeccable with our waiter coming by often, if only to check to make sure we had everything needed.  Water was refilled without ever asking and when the check was rung incorrectly, our waiter caught it fast enough.   Would I drive through traffic for the food?  Probably not.  Would I come here if I was driving to Miami Beach anyways?  Definitely.
I decided to come here after finding a place in Miami that actually serves real southern cooking, reading all the stellar reviews. What I learned from that experience is, don't buy into the hype. I went with a large party, and here's the breakdown of out likes and dislikes. Pros: 1. Service was amazing! 2. Decor was very nice and airy. 3. The swordfish dish of the day was exquisitely delicious! 4. Honey butter is the best butter I have ever tasted! 5. Good lemonade. 6. Order the cheesy grits even if you don't like grits. Cons: 1. Try to speak with anyone except Tess when making your reservation. She was very difficult, short, and rude on the phone. I felt like I was more of an inconvenience than a customer making a reservation for a large party at a pricey restaurant. 2. Sweet tea was lacking, I don't drink the stuff, but the two people at the table complained about it a few times, and the server did make every attempt to remedy this by even making a new batch himself. 3. Food was okay, it certainly left something to be desired. -Biscuits were okay, the best part was the honey butter. - Macaroni was pretty good, but really, it was just macaroni, nothing truly amazing about this side dish. - Mashed potatoes needed a bit more flavor. - Cheesy grits were great & I hate grits. - Fried chicken wasn't anything to write home about, but was pretty good. - The waffles had a great savory flavor, but were too doughy and heavy to be considered a waffle. - The ribs were nothing special, someone at the table even compared them to chinese ribs. - Coleslaw was good. - Peppered watermelon was very strange, but I;m sure there are people out there that like it. - Fried green tomatoes were good according to the people at the table that like that kind of thing, but it's not my cup of tea. 4. The dessert selection left us wanting to go somewhere else to satiate our sweet tooth. We were hoping to get banana pudding, or peach cobbler, or at least some sort of pie from a southern restaurant, and were sorely disappointed when we heard peach,,, shortcake. The rest of the options weren't much more mouth watering. This place is definitely not worth the price tag when there are so many pricey restaurants in Miami that consistently leave you desiring more.
I've been planning a visit for brunch here for over a month.  I was not let down!  I do recommend getting a reservation if you are going to arrive after 11 am.  We were lucky and got there around 10:30 so they still had tables for us. The must order item on the menu is the chicken biscuits.  The pepper jelly is delicious with the savory flavors of the biscuits.  The Mac and Cheese was delicious as well.  Very creamy with just enough texture to keep it balanced.  The BLT was a fun surprise as I've never had fried green tomatoes.   The atmosphere is classy chic and very fun.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  You will not be disappointed!
Good grief.  We live in Brooklyn and aren't unaccustomed to comfort food very well done, cocktails in mason jars and distressed wood rafters.  But we were completely blown away by Yardbird.  It was all fantastic but the all stars were the chickens and biscuits and the shrimp and grits.  Only complaint was that I felt we were a bit pressured to "order" family style by our waitress, and I think we all wished we'd gotten our own plates.  However, that's a small complaint for an unbelievable meal, and yardbird needs to open a location in Nyc yesterday.
I like the concept and the ambiance is cool, but this food is unhealthy!  Very unhealthy, so much that we can never really enjoy it.  Can't give more than 3 stars on this one.
I love this place! Its one of my favorite places to go for a great meal. The chicken and waffles are fantastic. The slow braised short rib meat loaf is amazing. I can't get enough.
Fantastic chicken, goes great with the spicy sauce. The waffle is so soft and cooked exactly to the right texture, not to mention the bourbon syrup.... Wow that is some genius work of food. Once you've had that syrup nothing else compares. The servers are extremely friendly and informative if its your first time
Amazing food and even better service! Try the fried green tomato BLT and the farmers cheese with watermelon!
Ate here a few weeks ago and have been thinking about it ever since! It's got a totally down to earth vibe - yet is refined and pleasant, the food is DELICIOUS, high quality and creative and the servers are sweet as can be, embodying the Southern charm of the whole place. We had the Fried Green Tomato BLT (whoa!), the Grits (yum!), the Veggie Pot Pie (mmmm) and Llewellyn's fried chicken (yowza!). The Porkchop was one of the most tasty drinks ever as was the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade. This place is a GEM on South Beach and I only hope that it inspires similar concepts!
I brought a friend who was visiting from Nashville here and we loved it! There was a 2 hour wait when we walked in (Saturday night around 8pm) but we got table outside immediately. All the food was delicious (the melon and cheese was awesome-could have had a bigger portion!), great drink menu, service was a little slow at first, but then got better. It is a bit pricey but worth it if you want to try southern food in different way. Overall we had a fun meal and walked away so full :)
The Fried Chicken is excellent. The location is really good to. It's just 1 block South of Lincoln Rd. Please do not park in the Dunkin Donuts or Blockbuster (now closed) parking lots or you will be towed immediately by the local towing mafia... MDRealtyMiami.com
This place is life-changing. Hands down my favorite restaurant in the world. Each dish is practically God sent; huge fan of the chicken and waffles. Do yourself a favor and dine here if you haven't done so already - it's worth every penny.
Went back for a few drinks with a friend. It was crowded but there was space at the bar. We sat there for a couple of hours just talking and enjoying the drinks and atmosphere. The bartenders are great, friendly, and willing to make you a good scotch/bourbon-based drink. This is especially helpful if you're a tequila drinker and not a scotch/bourbon drinker. TIP: The bar is a great place to eat and interact with the bartenders. They are really busy, but if you're patient and just an all-around KOOL KAT, they'll take care of you.
Badass vibe, badass food, badass drink--and the only place in Miami to get an Old Fashioned, i swear!  Check it out!
Yardbird was actually our second stop on the quest for delicious fried chicken and waffles. Being from Georgia, I don't take my chicken and waffles lightly. Lucky for us, Morgan's was out of waffle batter (seriously what restaurant runs out of their main ingredient in their most popular dish?). We were immediately seated and our waiter gave us the run down, we didn't find exactly what we wanted so our waiter helped us create our order by offering different combinations not presented on the menu. This is definitely a family style place with large plates that are extremely easy to share. The 4 of us split two plates of fried chicken and one large waffle, I had plenty of food. If you're concerned about your beach body... go home and eat a rice cake. This place is full of butter, carbs, and delicious calories! I'll be back soon.
One of the best restaurants in Miami, or anywhere else on earth! Loved the food and the atmosphere. Did not try fried chicken - not into meat or fowl myself, but polenta was to die for, watermelon salad is pure ambrosia, deserts... I regret nothing:) A must when visiting Miami!
Came here for brunch. Wow. Their toast and jam was delicious. I've never had toast and jam so good before. I was trying to keep it light so I just had 2 eggs sunny side up and a bowl of balsamic tomatoes. The tomatoes were amazing. It wasn't just regular tomatoes, but an assortment of every type of tomatoes that exists! It was really good.   Came back for lunch and had their blue plate special (Fried Chicken). Highly recommend. It was superb.   Service here was really good too. Nothing bad to say, although the food is a bit pricey.
Routinely make trips down to Miami Beach just for the food here. The chicken and waffles with watermelon are the stuff of legend. And everything else we've had there has been just as good. And the service was astounding, with the staff even accommodating us when, after arriving late for our reservation (a broken drawbridge was to blame) they sat us immediately. We had been willing to forego the experience since we had event tickets and wouldn't be able to wait, but they got us seated right away on a busy day. Excellent.
Awesome food. I had a family style dinner here with a big group of people and we pretty much tried the whole menu. Every Thing we ordered was amazing. One more delicious than the other. My favorite food was chicken and waffle and the chicken biscuit. The deserts where all crazy good. My top two where the berry Lemmon tart which is a MUST and the Mississippi mud pie. Don't even know where to start with the drinks you can tell how delicious they all are just by reading the drink menu.
The atmosphere is great, especially for a very busy place.  The food was very good and even better than expected.
The food at Yardbird was pretty good but it was loud, slightly pretentious and although I had three courses I was rushed out of the place in an hour so that they could flip the table.
I love Yardbird! Their cheese grits are the best I have ever tasted. Came here for brunch hungover after a night at Arkadia and it was the perfect cure. I couldn't stop eating the BLT Benedict casserole, dipping Mamas chicken biscuits into it was fatty heaven. The Cheddar waffle was yummy as well, the green tomato relish and bourbon maple syrup complemented it perfectly! Cocktails were also delcious. I had the Ridgemont float which was 1792 Ridgemont Reserve, Root Liqueur, Root Beer, Vanilla-Lime Cream and Gingersnap Crumbs, get this, now. It was packed on a Sunday at 2, but we got a table right away. Definitely coming back next time I am in Miami.
This place wasn't bad. We didn't make reservations so we ate by the bar. Food was okey... Nothing crazy. Their known for their chicken and waffles with watermelon
If Yardbird had a dick, Miami would be sucking it. I knew only three things coming into this place: People don't shut the fuck up about how amazing this place is supposed to be, the head chef was the guy from Gigi's, and Cee Lo Green has tiny munchkin hands. I figured it was about time I made my way here, because what sort of food critic would I be if I didn't check this place out soon? Seeing as my sister and her husband were in town from San Francisco, I knew this would be the right time to pretend to know what the hell I'm talking about. I got us a res for Good Friday and I vowed to be a prolific eater that day. It started in the morning when I ate bacon, sausage, and ham. No, not with eggs and toast or any of that other pedestrian shit, I'm talking just straight up bacon, sausage, and ham. My morning pork intake was so high my Jewish neighbor got heartburn. For lunch I had pork tacos. Keep in mind that up to this point the only vegetable I consumed was the corn tortilla on those tacos. Later in the day I hung out with my sister, her husband, and a couple of their friends at Segafredo's on Lincoln. And ate prosciutto. Just blank fucking prosciutto. I don't know if my goal was to tell Catholics to go fuck themselves or if I wanted to put my dusty health insurance card to work. I was putting the "go" in "gout". Whatever, later that night we ended up at Yardbird and my appetite for meat was as big as Cee Lo's hands are small. When you walk in it doesn't quite look "southern", unless I've been severely mistaken in interpreting all the southern stereotypes I've heard over the years. It looks pretty chic and has an urban professional feel to it. When we sit down and I take a look at the menu I think to myself, "OH SHIT, SON, MOTHERFUCKING CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!" and verbalize something a lot more subdued than that. "Why, this establishment has a fowl and morning cake repast. How quaint." Psych, I totally just said, "I want that thing, fuck yeah." What we ended up doing is just having everyone pick something out and sharing it amongst the table as it arrived. There were six of us, and as a Boy Writes Miami first, I'm going to attempt to recall everything we had with its correct name on their menu. Mama's Chicken Biscuits - These are little chicken biscuit sandwiches sort of like the ones Chick-fil-A serves for breakfast, except Yardhouse's chicken biscuits didn't make me piss molten sulfur out of my asshole. Lil' Bit of "Meat Loaf" - They put meatloaf in quotes, which scared the shit out of me. People do that when they're condescendingly implying there's more to something, like if I said, "I 'liked' this" or "Cee Lo Green has 'hands'". It ended up being a pretty decent dish, and what was in it? Pork, motherfuckers. Roasted Baby Beet Salad - This is a salad for pussies and Russians. Besides corruption and vodka, commies over there in Russia love them some beets, and this salad has them. I guess if you're into this shit you'll enjoy it. Butter Lettuce and Grilled Mango Salad - I wanna use the word "faggotry" to describe this dish and all salad dishes not containing meat, but that word is apparently pejorative. This has nothing to do with sexual orientation as there are plenty of flesh-eating homosexuals manlier than me out there, it's just re-appropriation of a word that rolls off the tongue as smoothly as "cunt". Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs - Back to pork. That's what I'm talking about. This plate of slaughter and manliness was better than waking up in the middle of the night and realizing you still have 2 hours before you need to wake up for work, and the barbecue sauce had enough southern twang to make me hate black people (and myself, for that matter.) Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken - Look, Yardbird, your fried chicken is top-notch and your "chow chow waffle" was delectable enough to replace every office birthday cake in existence, but don't you dare promise me chicken and waffles only to deliver some spicy-ass syrup instead of maple. Had I not dipped my pinky in there I would've poured that shit all over it like I was at Roscoe's House of Chicken & Waffles and been utterly fucking livid over the fact that I just ruined my meal. The watermelon bits gave it a nice touch though. Throw in some grape drink next time. Macaroni and Cheese - Flip's is better. The verdict is pretty simple, though it may not sound like it. I'll absolutely be going back. The egregious error with the lack of maple syrup notwithstanding, this shit was top notch and I even found the salads quite edible. If the chick from neMesis and the dude from Yardbird had a baby together... I'd probably eat it. So, for the sake of keeping my cannibalism in check, please don't fuck. PEOPLE WHO WOULD ENJOY IT: Paula Deen. PEOPLE WHO WOULD NOT ENJOY IT: Paula Deen's body.
The most unbelievable mouthwatering fried chicken I have ever had. Crispy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside. The waiter said it was good but I had no idea it was that good. I love this place. Very cool and modern but not too modern if you know what I mean. The service was impeccable and I highly highly recommend this place. Happy to see a place like this in Miami and off the main lame tourist path.
Great chicken and waffles! Awesome service. I didn't like the fact that I could hardly eat because I had to hold my toddler down due to the fact that they do not have high chairs. Other than that everything was great.
Absolutely amazing! I can't say anything else loved this place and would have gone back, but decided to keep trying new places. Drinks...amazing Food...amazing Service...amazing We had the chicken and waffles (great), pork ribs (fall off the bone goodness), catfish (great), Mac and cheese (delish!), kale (amazing), and waffles (OMG). Definitely make this a place to visit when in South Beach!
Normally a hyped up restaurant is sure to disappoint;  probably because expectations have been blown out of proportion... but Yardbird delivered with high marks. We happened to be in Miami and hadn't eaten all day so come around 5 o'clock we were already set for dinner (only my grandfather would be proud of eating this early).  We wandered into Yardbird at 5 but were turned away as they explained they don't seat anyone between 5 and 5:30... 30 minutes later we grabbed a table (very comfortable window table). By 5:45 this place was a full-house (guess everyone got the memo on how hot this place is). DECOR:  it was unique mix of rustic southern charm and upscale modern style.  What stood out:  hanging lights made from mason jars, more hanging lights using upside-down apple picking baskets,  horizontal wood plank wall covering with box shelves, distressed furniture used for server stations, exposed A/C ducts, concrete poured sinks in bathroom and (my favorite detail) a photograph projector displaying southern style pictures of dirt roads, elvis and other stuff on a white brick wall DRINKS:  I went for a simple sweet tea which was perfect because I don't like typical southern style sweet tea because it is often way too sweet.  Marisol had a "southern peach" (highly recommend if you like slightly sweet).  Loved drinking from mason jars and the water served from retro milk bottles. MENU:  simple concept of of choosing dishes to "share" (so play nice).  The menu has plenty of variety: small shares (like appetizers), big shares (like entrees) and fixings (like side dishes) but everything goes on the table to share.  The only bad part was narrowing down what to order. FOOD:  It was a tough decision but we decided to trust our waiter and go for the most popular dishes.  (1) Meatloaf (small share) but not traditional (no ground meat).  It was light and fluffy and was made from pressed short rib with tomato jam over the top,  (2) shrimp n' grits (big share) was just what we craved (like the kind you'd get in true southern restaurants in GA or the Carolinas) and  (3) Llewellyn's fried chicken (big share) was cooked perfect (I don't normally eat the skin, but I couldn't resist the seasoning) and included citrus pepper watermelon (odd at first and I tasted salt and mint but it was truly delicious) and a cheddar waffle with a spicy honey sauce (wow ! ! ! ) DESSERT:  Had no intention of splurging on the extra calories but you mention "root beer special" and I'm sold.  The special was a pair of miniature chocolate cakes with peanut brittle, hot fudge and topped off with a scoop of root beer ice cream (wow ! ! ! ) SERVICE:  With exception of forgetting to bring coffee with the dessert, our server was superb.  I also like that the servers all assist one-another (for example: grab an empty plate off someone else's table and another server refiling my tea) OVERALL:  A+ atmosphere A+ dinner A+ experience...  fellow yelper Luisa recommended and other chit-chat on the talk threads further hyped it up... so thanks for the recommendation.
Sublime. Get the fried chicken; screw your diet. I can't wait to get back to Miami...
We have eaten here at least a dozen times since it opened and never disappointed until now. The food was good (really good) but the service was awful.  First time we had bad service and it completely ruined the whole experience.  Our server (I use the word with trepidation) could not have cared one bit about us. She forgot to put in part of our order which we never got, never checked back on us, delivered our food in segments that did not go together, and spent most of her time flirting with the table next to us. It will be a long time before we go back.
incredible food and great service....not to mention a great gluten free menu
A symphony of uniquely prepared southern comfort... you have to try this place not just for the food, or the drink but for the entire experience. Keep an open mind because the menu is an interesting mix of high quality ingredients. For Drinks: I recommend starting with a drink or two, they have some really interesting choices that I have not seen before.  They also make a solid dirty martini. For Eats: This is a challenge. I recommend sharing so you can try a lot of dishes. Choose wisely... To start, get the pork rinds - even if you are not a fan, just try them. ...Mama's Chicken Biscuits - fried chicken on a biscuit with a bit of jelly... ridiculously good ...Meatloaf Sandwich - excellent, really tender and loaded with juicy flavor ...Melon with Cheese - I've had this at other places, but this was a better mix of fresh ingredients ...Fried Green Tomato BLT - I think this should be their SIGNATURE dish. The pork belly substitute for bacon with sauce with a perfect amount of kick was solid ...Deviled Eggs - not a huge fan of this anywhere, but have to say after the third one, I was starting to actually like them ...Foie Gras Torchon - I was hesitant to try, but glad I did. Really tasting and not overpowering. Once again, the ingredients are top notch I can see it being a local favorite - I'm coming back.   It is nice to see the head Chef cooking his ass off in the open kitchen - he was the head chef at Gigi.  Also of note was the service, it was excellent and  really smart that they have a huge staff for the opening. TIP 1: Seriously some of the best cookies around TIP 2: The outdoor seating is a perfect place to chill and have a drink TIP 3: Ask to sit by the the open kitchen and enjoy the show
FINALLY got to get lunch here, been dying to come. It was perfect and just as I expected. The drinks were strong, and beautifully displayed with garnish in nice old fashioned mugs. Me and my friend shared the cheddar waffle (chutney was amazing) and the fried chicken and biscuits were great comfort foods. Will be back soon for sure!
Amazing Southern Food Try the deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes for appetizer. Wedge salad is very good, farmers salad is ok. Fried Chicken and waffles is amazing. Mac and cheese is very good. Biscuits with honey butter and jam is the best I have ever had. All in all great food and atmosphere. Reservations recommended.
Dear Yardbird: We all come from San Francisco with lots of great restaurants.  But can you keep a secret?  You were one of the best restaurants we have been to in the last year.  Ribs? Best ever.  Your Mac & Cheese?  Should be illegal.  Green tomatoes w pork belly?  Incredible. I could go on and on. Fried Chicken?  Should be a controlled substance.  Our ladies wanted to dump us for your watermelon whiskey cocktail. We were in South Beach for a week and we managed to go through here THREE TIMES.   Every time the staff was incredibly welcoming.  Jeremy the bartender introduced us to incredible whiskeys.  Marissa was showed us real Southern hospitality. Your floor manager Shelley (?) was great as well. Can't wait to come back. Thanks, The San Francisco Crew
Clutch spot. Brunch! BLT Benedict, Chicken and Biscuits, Elvis Pancakes, Bloody Marys.... Holy hot potato this place is amazing! Best spot in Miami!
I was here last night [2/14/12] for drinks of which were A-MAY-ZING! The place was packed had a great vibe you certainly felt like you were in a southern environment even the music was great. The food coming from the kitchen smelled great I will go back to try it out.
AMAZING restaurant, food, and staff! Absolutely no complaints! Will definitely be coming back for more!
Brunched here twice while on vacation. The first time wasn't enough! Best fried chicken (and I'm from the south). It's hard to get a cross section, but with your fork, you should construct a bite that includes some cheddar waffle, bourbon maple syrup, and fried chicken with crispy fried parts into one bite. Then enjoy. Finish up with a mint watermelon piece. Also had the mama's chicken and biscuits the second time. Recommended if you're looking for something different! But stick with the mainstay fried chicken if you haven't had that yet. Deviled eggs are delicious for someone who doesn't love deviled eggs.
I love Yardbird.  One visit in, and I'm already hooked!  Chef McInnis has done it again.  I can definitely see this place developing quite a following with locals and tourists alike, and it's prime location just steps from Lincoln Road will certainly help with that! A week after opening, and Yardbird seems to have many of the kinks worked out, which definitely makes for a positive dining experience.  I'd read up on the reviews, and had my ear to the street, determined to order the best dishes for my first visit. Amongst a group of 5, we ordered quite an array of delicious Southern-influenced goodies: fried green tomato BLTs, Mama's chicken biscuits, the ribs, the fried chicken plate, a chicken special, a side of biscuits, and the mac-n-cheese, plus 3 desserts.  To say that we were stuffed would be an understatement. My dining companions were of the type that like to order "for the table."  I'm pretty easy-going when it comes to that sort of thing, and luckily, with my input of the chicken biscuits, all my "must-try" items were covered. But here's the confusing part.  All our food (and I do mean every. single. dish.) arrived at our table not more than 10 minutes after we ordered.  And all at once.  While the restaurant was packed.  To me, this reeks of pre-prepared plates.  Granted, everything was hot and tasted great, but if I'm paying $27 for a plate of fried chicken, it better be fried-to-order. My other complaint is that it took as long to get a bottle of wine as it did for the food to come out of the kitchen.  Yet the waitstaff all have tablets for taking orders, which to me means that any order is automatically transmitted to the area of the restaurant responsible for getting that out.  So why it took nearly 15 minutes to get a bottle of wine when beers were arriving at the table while the waiter was still taking orders is a mystery that needs solving. Despite being stuffed on ribs, fried chicken and accoutrement, after our waiter described the desserts in great detail, we were powerless to resist!  We opted for the sweet potato beignets with bacon ice cream, the red velvet cake, and the milk & cookies (though one of my dining companions insisted that the cookies all be chocolate chip, thereby foregoing the awesome-sounding moonpies included in the regular assortment).  We were only given spoons to eat our desserts, which made splitting 4 beignets among 5 people challenging.  Everything was a winner, though the beignets could do with a little less powdered sugar coating - it tried to mask the slightly burnt taste of the beignet, but really just overpowered the whole dish. Prices, while not on par with this type of food, are in line with the Lincoln Road scene.  And while some of the entrees say "really big share plate," that may not be all that true when it comes to the hungrier diners, so be forewarned.  If you're planning on drinking and trying a few different options, plan on roughly $50-$60 per person, including tip. Despite my criticism, I am truly fond of Yardbird, and am already planning my return visit.  Bring on the biscuits!!
With a website named Run Chicken Run how could you not want to try this hotspot? I'm not even going to waste anyone's time by writing a repetitive review. YES, this place is amazing. YES, the fried chicken is mouth-watering. YES, the Blackberry Bourbon Tea is taste bud tantalizing. Try the Mac n' Cheese with truffle oil for a side dish and don't you DARE skip dessert. Try the deconstructed shortcake OMG Service is wonderful. Like a breath of fresh air in Miami. Try brunch instead of dinner. I seriously heart Yardbird.
Went for lunch, great food great service . They gave us complimentary desert because they couldn't service us corn for lunch. Thumbs up !
I HAVE NEVER HAD FRIED CHICKEN THAT GOOD IN MY LIFE.......  i don't know if I was just hungry or what but (sorry to say) my family chicken isn't even that good and its pretty damn good.  lol  we had an awesome waiter as well.  forgot his name though :(
The fried chicken with waffles?  Delicious as mentioned many times here on yelp.  Service was good, which is nice for a change in Miami, we were even offered an extra lager because it had been poured extra on accident.  The cocktails are unique and scrumptious and the Apple crisp dessert is a delight.  The two of us easily were full with a small appetizer and split the fried chicken and one dessert.
Every bite was delicious! We liked dinner so much, we went back for brunch the next day. It's hard to pinpoint a highlight because everything was so good. We had pork croquette with black-eyed peas, fried chicken with waffles (I was a bit skeptical of the spiced watermelon, but it was perfect with the dish) and dirty farro. The drinks were also great, and I am not usually inclined to drink bourbon. All together a perfect dinner. We would go back to Miami Beach just to go back to this restaurant!
Wait a minute?  I came here a fully expected the horrible South Florida restaurant experience?  Let me review the checklist: Horrible Server and/or Service ---- Negative - She was great and friendly Language and/or intelligence barrier-  Negative -She spoke English and was smart Long wait times for food and drink- Negative - Food came out delicious and fresh Very pricey and small portions-- Negative - prices were reasonable and large portion Rude customers and/or babies present - Positive -  Well - u can't do nothing bout that it IS South Beach. Overall _  EXCELLENTE!!!! PS - The blackberry bourbon drink was awesome -- Try the tomatoes with bacon
I love the interior design and decoration so much and food matches the environment as well !
Don't miss this little gem when you're in Miami. We had heard from friends that we should try to dine at the Yardbird whenever we were in Miami. We had tried to eat there last year but weren't able to keep our reservation.  This year we did make it there for lunch and we are so glad we did. I'm a pesce-vegetarian and it was nice to find a vegetarian-friendly selection of appetizers, salads, sides and entrees. My husband had the fried chicken which he said was the best he's ever had  - and I have to admit that I snitch a piece and he was right.  I had the Shrimp and Grits (minus the ham) which were the best I've EVER had. We shared their grilled mango salad - wonderful. Light and lovely! And did I mention their yummy specialty drinks? I tried one of their new drinks - a potent but summery pear concoction that they had just "invented" that day.  And since my husband has a sweet tooth, we of course, had to partake of a dessert.  At this point, the owner came over to chat with us.  He was delightful. His favorites were the chocolate desserts, and although I also love chocolate,  I let hubby choose and he went for the Lemon Chess Pie. It was devine. Really, really good. The owner came back to chat again, which I thought was very nice. Our waitress was also lovely. There was simply nothing to complain about. Great service, wonderful food, and a family owned business that really takes pride in their restaurant. We will definitely return when we travel back to Florida in February 2015.
As other reviews state, you must try the chicken and biscuits with pepper jelly- the chicken was moist and the breading was crisp and well seasoned.  The sweet pepper jelly provides a nice contrast, and the biscuits were pillowy soft- I over stuffed myself, but I couldn't stop eating the biscuit.  The drinks are another must try- the blackberry bourbon lemonade was sweet with a bourbon kick- you could taste the bourbon but it wasn't overpowering.  The watermelon with ginger (Scarlet O'Hara) was also good, but the ginger beer gives it a slight burn at the back of the throat- my friend loved it.  The kale was seasoned with bacon, and a little salty, so if you're sensitive to salt, keep that in mind (we only ate one third of it).  The farmers cheese came on top of watermelon- another great combo.  Portions are generous, so I'm glad we didn't get the chicken and watermelon - there's no way we could've finished 2 of those.  Service was excellent.
This place is my favorite!! I cant get enough of the Mama's Biscuits and the Mac n Cheese!! The BLT is good as well, I also tried the shrimp and grits but wasnt a fan. Their fried chicken is to die! Try to make reservations as it gets packed. The Blackberry Lemonade is also a delicious drink!
great southern food. You  need 2 stomachs to make it all the way to dessert. everything in the menu is fantastic. Please make sure you reserve with several days in advance... getting a table without long waits is impossible.
15 words or less:  Southern comfort never felt or tasted so gosh darn good. 15 words or more:  Jeff McInnis strikes gold again with his new resto near Lincoln Road.  The food is stick-to-your-bones comfort food, but with a contemporary spin, which really elevates this food to new heights.  This food is good.  Really good.  But you need to come here with an open mind.  Expand your taste buds, and you will be rewarded.  But for those of you just looking for more classic Southern fare, you will not be disappointed either.  But you will be when you watch your dining partners enjoy the other bounty offered here. Decor.  The design is fantastic.  The place has a rustic homey barn like feel but at the same time seems just so contemporary and sleek enough that it fits in with South Beach.  The best seats may very well be the high top tables that look right into the kitchen windows.  This gives you a great view of the true artists at work.  There also is a good deal of outdoor seating.  I look forward to being outdoors shortly and getting to enjoy the down home food. The drinks.  The hook is this place as fifty or more bourbons.  Some apparently are not available anywhere in South Florida.  To show off the bourbon, there is a nicely rounded cocktail menu that demonstrates the versatility of bourbon.  I tried the signature blackberry lemonade.  It was a lovely combo of sweet and tart.  Any yet, the juices did not bury or hide the bourbon.  I also had my go to drink, a Hendrink's martini, stirred not shaken, with a lemon twist.  I was very pleased with the pour (a nice family style welcome home pour). Small shares.  Given the bounty of choices on the menu, I would recommend going with a larger party so you can share dishes.  This may be the best way to taste everything.  On this visit, we sampled nearly all of the small shares on the menu. * Mama's Chicken Biscuits--Boneless fried chicken on a biscuit with a dollop of jelly.  A great play on fried, salty, sweet, and surprisingly spicy.  The spicy is not overly hot, but just rounds off the play on tastes.  The biscuit was flaky and devilishly good. * Fried Green Tomato BLT--A truly wonderful spin on what you would think would be just a ho-hum dish.  Not so fast my friend.  The tomato is tart and crunchy and balances wonderfully with the pork belly, which is filling in for bacon on this take.  Again, it is the mix of flavors that could stand on their own but harmonize wonderfully. * Deviled Eggs--Wow.  I like a deviled egg like the next person, but man are these good.  The egg is just perfectly cooked (firm but yet soft enough) and its filling is crazy amazing. * Foie Gras Torchon--Get over yourself about foie gras and just try this stuff.  The foie was pleasingly warm (I am not a fan of cold foie), and it was complemented by the fruity topping that just rounded out everything nicely. * Melons & Cheese--This was a sleeper, but man-o-man was this good.  The farm cheese came as a perfect triangle on a rectangle of watermelon.  The cheese was wonderfully warm with a little bit of grilled char on the top.  The cheese, especially being warm, was just amazing when combined with the cool melon.  You may say why this dish.  It seems a little odd. But your chef is a cleaver, perhaps evil genius.  He knows what he is doing.  Try this dish and the others on the menu, and you will not question him again.  Try this restaurant, and you will be coming back.
Visited this restaurant for the second time on Saturday night and it is confirmed...the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  The biscuits are also incredible.  I don't like whiskey but their hand crafted whiskey cocktails are delicious! Reservations are highly recommended or you could be waiting for hours.  Highly recommended!
The best fried chicken I have ever had. This place is awesome. Great for a casual dinner or a night out with friends. Staff is friendly and attentive. Next time I am in miami I will go back.
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you You'd steal the food right out my mouth and I'd watch you eat it... Wait scratch that... If it's from Yardbird your not taking anything out of mouth! This review is wellll over due... I frequent this place and for good reason, they have good food especially the fried chicken! If you want good southern food in a upscale environment in which celebs even stop by then yardbird is your spot. The service is always on point from constantly filling up my glass to making great menu recommendations! The on duty manager is always visible and walking around talking to guests! The biscuits are so so good so make sure to get a couple. If you haven't experienced YardBird the only thing I gotta ask is what are you waiting for?
If you put fried chicken up there with bacon, maple bars, banana milkshakes and some of life's guiltiest pleasures, you're probably going to feel like you've entered your ultimate sanctuary at Yardbird. Rustically chic and farmhouse cool, this Southern neighborhood spot intelligently falls off the touristy radar. It's far enough away from the throngs that skip along Lincoln, Collins, Ocean and more. But any good tourist, whose done their research will know this is the spot all the savvy locals are sharpening their knives for. My mom and I came in for lunch and attempted to order the entire menu, alas, what we narrowed in on included: Iceberg Wedge (epic portions of crisp lettuce, grilled corn, heirloom tomatoes, pork belly, and an avocadoey ranch dressing), Blue Plate Special (the famous 27 hour fried chicken served with dressed watermelon and a biscuit), Roasted Free-Range Chicken (roasted breast, fresh rosemary, marble potatoes), and another side of corn for good measure. Don't miss the fried chicken. Moist on the inside and perfectly crisp on the outside. Kills you with flavor. The accompanying biscuit was a little too hard to be enjoyed and sadly the roasted chicken that I opted for lacked a depth of flavor. The chicken au jus didn't quite hit the spot the way it's fattening older brother did. The iceberg wedge was also a fond choice since it came topped with awesome corn and yeah, pork belly. Overall, an exceptional spot with the kind of food Miami's been missing.
I love it love it love it! I went to brunch at yardbird last weekend and loved it so much that I went back again this past weekend. So far, I have zero complaints. The food was delicious, the service great , and the cocktails on par. The prices aren't too bad either. My favorites so far are: the chicken biscuits, ham and cheese biscuits, and the grits! As for the cocktail, I had Kentucky Mule and have stuck to it because I liked it so much. I will be back very very soon!
I came to Yardbird on a Saturday night with a friend. The hostess said the wait time would be about an hour. But to our surprise, we were seated in about 20 minutes. Our server was friendly and helpful with recommendations. The hype surrounding this restaurant lead me to have exceptionally high expectations. I wasn't blown away by the food, it was good, not great. The ambiance was fun and the place is decorated nicely. I will probably be back.
Do yourself a favor - aside from the chicken and shrimp and grits, get the half sweet tea / half lemonade. That made me give them one extra star by itself!
The proprietor (as handsome as his food was delicious) asked me if the fried chicken was any good.  GOOD?! If Plato was from the South - the fried chicken at Yardbird would be his quintessential philosophical IDEAL of what a chicken could be - so good it could only exist in myth.  But at Yardbird - good southern cooking comes to life - the stuff that dreams are made of.  Biscuits that are artisanal objects of edible beauty.  Deviled eggs that bedevil the imagination with their outlandish out-of-sight tasty goodness - you could easily down a dozen.  Salads of airy kale and slivers of Granny Smith apples that rest comfortably alongside sultana raisins that burst with goodness.  I don't believe there could be anything bad on this menu. If you're there for brunch to down the best Bloody Mary I've ever had (bacon, pickled okra - there's practically a salad inside your glass) or you want to return dreams of being at the Derby - they've got the best Mint Julep for you (frosty silver cup included).  You like to eat?  You like down home cooking?  Get thee to Yardbird - run don't walk.  And for courtesy to the great crew they have working there; a reservation is recommended IMHO. Ending caveat: I put the price range as moderate but speaking for me - I'd say it's pricey - the reason being - I find myself simply wanting to eat most of the menu... and I'm gonna keep trying!
Great atmosphere, but mediocre food. The waffles were dry, fried chicken did not have much flavor, but was crisp, the salad was soggy, and lastly we had to beg to get silverware. A big disappointment!!!
Let me emphasize that I was excited about eating here and had been anticipating the trip. -Waiter - She had a great personality and well knowledge on the food, but she kept trying to push the whole "sharing" concept on us. Um...I just want to eat what I can afford and leave. Kthanxbye. Hostess and other waitstaff were also very nice and helpful. -Ambience- Packed. So packed we could barely get reservations for a WEDNESDAY. It was vey cute, but it's South Beach so not large. -Parking - There is a valet, they did some shady driving with my friend's car with her standing right there so good luck with that. They DO tow at the McDonald's across the street so do not park there. There is a less than half a block further north on Lennox that is "hidden" and there is parking off of 17th on the other side of Lincoln Road. There is also metered street parking if you know how to parallel. -Food- This is why they earn only a two. I've only had to send food back twice in my entire life. Even if I don't like what I ordered, I'll take the hit and eat it and am ok. I didn't even bother sending my meatloaf back. It came in two small, dry, tasteless cubes that a fellow diner remarked "looks like brownies". It wasn't juicy tender ground beef, it was shredded,  jam-packed into its shape and then heavily toasted on the outside to maintain that shape. The gravy was mostly wine or vinegar. NO. The "fried okra" that was advertised was a SINGLE okra piece sliced in half, battered and fried. I was sorely disappointed by the misrepresentation. It was more like a garnish (I don't care that this was a "small share" menu item). I didn't bother finishing the food and left hungry. My friends shared the chicken biscuits with me - okay biscuit, dry, overcooked fried chicken. How do you overcook the ONE amazing staple of Southern Cuisine? It was more of the same on the "Llewellyn's Fried Chicken and Waffles". Dry flavorless, overcooked, too dark chicken and mediocre waffle. My friends did seem to enjoy it though. The other things I tasted didn't stand out at all. The BEST items were the watermelon included with the chicken & waffles and the macaroni and cheese - which you can get at Wendy's for $3 and feel about as satisfied since it's essentially junk food. I didn't drink, but those who did seemed satisfied. Honestly, if I want Southern food - my grandma's from Georgia. $26 for burnt chicken and a mediocre waffle is too dear a price.
Incredible. The cocktails were all unique and delicious. I'm a big bourbon drinker and my wife is not and yet we both enjoyed 4 different drinks from the menu. I'm glad she talked me out of ordering our own entrees because the portions were large and we wanted to eat every bite. The pickle jar, BLT fried green tomatoes, spicy avocado wedge salad and THE FRIED CHICKEN! Don't even waste your time on the waffle and watermelon nonsense. The straight up fried chicken was the best we've ever had including many hole in the wall joints in South Carolina and Louisiana. Perfectly crisp and moist and more than enough for 2 people sharing starters and sides. The bartenders were great, the ambience was fantastic and the design aesthetic was droolworthy for 2 graphic designers. Do NOT leave South Beach without eating here!
Couldn't have been any happier with Yardbird. Sad it took us so long to try it out but now we have a new fave on the beach.. Came here twice in two days while on a recent stay-cation close by. Made it for Happy Hour on the first visit. We sat at the bar and tried their famous Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade and their Kentucky Mule (which was the HH cocktail that day and only $5). Both were served in mason jars and top notch. The kind of drink that you sip slowly and will last an entire meal. This, coming from a girl with a serious tendency to slurp drinks down and then want three more. We also had their Deviled Eggs - best of my life (Lake Meadows organic eggs with fresh dill and topped with smoked trout roe which they referred to as "redneck caviar").  LOVED them! It was hard to resist not ordering more food but since we had dinner reservations at STK later that night we refrained. However, the very next night we were BACK!  They are open till midnight on weekdays - we arrived around 11:30 (sat at the bar once again) and were handed the special late-night menu. Slight disappointment at first but it surely faded as soon as our food arrived. This time we had the Fried Green Tomato BLT which came with three mini non-sandwiches, Chilled Watermelon and Deviled Eggs (again!) We were also given the Housemade Charcuterie Board on the house - I'm guessing someone must have sent it back but we were more than happy to be the recipients. It was actually all very filling  - we tried to resist devouring it all since we had pool party plans at the Surfcomber the following day and had vowed to eat healthy but oh well, what can ya do right? I'm in love! On our next visit(s) our must haves include the corn three times, whole roasted sweet Georgia onion, fried chicken and the chicken under the brick. Yardbird had made it's way into my top 5 Miami restaurants and I'm looking forward to many more great meals to come!
Going to keep this one short.  Good food, not exceptional.  High quality ingredients but too many dishes unseasoned and bland (wedge salad for one).  Fried chicken was good, but not as good as at City Hall.  Meatloaf was a great rendition, liked it more than expected.   This is another well hyped high-quality restaurant (in so far as quality of the ingredients) which is light on bold flavors and big on high prices.  For similar cuisine with far better preparation and more of a downtown big-city vibe, try City Hall imho.
Went a few weeks ago, while I was  in Miami beach for work. Place is full day in day out. Food: chicken biscuits, awesome. Green tomato BLT hands down best plate on the menu. Drinks were excellent. My only drawback is that they are a touch to pricey. Will be back again and have my recommendation.
Loved it! Best Mimosa....got buzzed on just one lol! Had omelet  special and it was amazing! Best butter...yes I'm raving about the butter.
Should be illegal! If you are looking for a place to eat lean proteins, veggies and low carb everything, well, this is NOT  IT! This is more the place to break that diet. The place to go indulge completely and often enough, it involves using both hands and no utensils. Yup, (cue the twang) this is good ole' Southern cookin' done right! On a side street off of Lincoln Road in South Beach, Yardbird sits unpretentiously. Yes, I just used unpretentious and South Beach in the same sentence. Deal with it. Decor is simple but with attention to a lot of details that most would probably miss. From the rolling pin that is used as a bathroom door handle (if you can find the bathroom with it's flushed wall/door and all) to the adorable paper napkin holders with "elbows off the table"  written on them and "momma says wash your hands" on a plaque in the bathroom it all works beautifully together. The music blaring is just the perfect level and selection to get you in the mood. We walked in for brunch with a reservation. Good thing because there was not a seat to be had in the house unless you wanted to sit outside on this very chilly and extremely windy day. We ordered the deviled eggs (with capers...oh my) and shared an order of mama's chicken biscuits (two words: pepper jelly!) with a side of corn on the cob. So, so, so, so, so, so, so good. Yes, lack of words here because it was, well, so good. Let's talk fried chicken for a second. The fried chicken was perfectly breaded and fried and just divine. This is not chicken from the Kentucky Fried Chicken farm. Oh no! This is Bell & Evans chicken. This is organically grown, fed a vegetarian organic diet  and just about the most bad-ass chicken out there! If you want cheap and full of crap- go elsewhere. (You can find B&E chicken at Whole Foods btw) Halfway through our meal, they brought out the mac and cheese. We had already forgotten we had ordered it and as full as we were, not a single bite was left. (side note: please remind me not to Yelp on an empty stomach. Does not do the body good) There were so many other items on the menu that I wanted to order but I am only human. Can't eat it all. Noticed they have SUGARCANE Coke on the menu as well as SUGARCANE orange soda. You know, the ones without the high corn fructose syrup. We shared the carrot cake for dessert and that was also really great. Will just have to go back again for lunch, dinner and to try that brunch everyone raves about. It is an open kitchen. The food comes out pretty much when it comes out. Don't whine about it, just go with the flow. I think it's only been open for a couple of months but I can see this will be a SoBe staple soon if not already!
Leaving this place without your belly full is both a crime, and impossible. It is a family style type restaurant, so you really get to dig into a bunch of different dishes in one visit. There are just so many reasons I loved this place, let me tell you about it: 1. The drink selection: I would have gladly wet my whistle with every drink there, but I stuck to my watermelon, bourbon concoction. I was quite pleased with it. Everything on the drink menu looked different from anything I've ever seen before, and I love that because I feel like most things have"been done" these days. 2. The service: I reached that rare nirvana of service where I never wanted for anything, yet my server wasn't so far up my, you know what, that I couldn't enjoy the people that I was with. 3. The decor: It was this refreshing balance between country chic and modern Miami flare. I felt like I was at a fabulous dinner party at a friends house who happens to have great taste. 4. THE FOOD! Everything I had that night was the best thing I had in a loong time. It was like fancy comfort food, but it wasn't so fancy that it ruined the classic elements of the meal. It was just fancy enough to say, "wow this is perfect!" Chicken and waffles, meatloaf and mashed potatoes, even cobbler; all these classics had a nice, refreshing twist put on them.
Yesterday i went with my whole family there. The food was amazing we had the meatloaf, gren fried tomato blts, mamas chicken biscuits, mac and cheese, the special which was the catfish in a bed of vegetables, and the ribs.  Everything was deliciouse! Plus the Server "Raul" did a wonderful job, recommending drinks and the food.  It was a great night!
Delicious!! This place is by far the best southern calling restaurant in Miami. We came here for lunch and were lucky to get a table. The waitress and staff were so pleasant, welcoming and it felt like home. We started with the fried green BLT tomatoes- this was my first time having fried green tomatoes- wow they were amazing! Then we decided to share the Yardbird Chicken Sandwich, the combination was perfection. As a side we ordered the biscuits and Mac and cheese. The biscuits were a sin, but a sin I would happily continue to indulge in everyday of my life. I wasn't thrilled with the Mac and cheese, but they might deserve a second try. We will defiantly return... Very soon!
This place is a must visit while you are in South Beach. The food is outstanding. The service is outstanding. Every single person that works there is polite and customer service orientated. Our server was funny, nice and very knowledgeable about the menu. Chef Jeff is amazing. I have severe food allergies and he made sure my meal was "safe." Truly a wonderful dining experience! Our group was 4 people (three girls and one guy) we had 2 apps, 2 main dishes and 2 sides and were STUFFED. We all had one drink with dinner (I had the $15 Zin) and the total bill was only $34/person before tip. No wonder this restaurant is ranked #2 out of over 500 restaurants in Trip Advisor. Amazing food at an amazing price. Definitely get the fried chicken. It's over the top good. Also, Aaron Sanchez from the Food Network was hanging out the night we were there--so also a good place for Food Network celeb hunting! Be prepared to wait if you do not have a reservation. We were there on a Friday night and waited 2 hours. Don't worry though, the place is super crowded and buzzing with excitment. So have one of their craft bourbon drinks while you wait!
Really really good. Great food. Great design. Great location(near lincoln but out of th way a it). If you like chicken and waffles, you'll love this place. Boom!
Amazing this place has been open for 4months cheese grits! Boom! The short rib sandwich was good wish there was more meat, the porkchop Fantastic shrimp & grits YUM! I will be coming back almost daily! :)
Rated one of the best  restaurants in Miami.  I can see why. I loved the decor kinda rustic, southern but had a very modern feel. If it's your thing they also have a great inventory of bourbon. I started with a watermelon drink. I forget the liquor but it was sweet and delicious. Right up my alley. We had a watermelon cheese appetizer. It was unique...I think I liked it, but it was very different flavors with interesting contrast - savory and sweet, warm and cold, soft and crusty. This place is known for the fried chicken so we ordered the speciality - fried chicken waffles and watermelon. It was the perfect mix of flavors that I will dream about!  They have 2 sauces - a sweet Tabasco and bourbon maple syrup. The waffles were topped with the green relish (kinda sweet). I tasted everything separately then started to mix the flavors. I found getting all on one bite was the ticket.  Watermelon has a light chile powder. So good. We also had the Mac & Cheese (how can you not in a Southern place)!  Also very good, but not quite sure it's memorable. I was happy to skip desert but I was talked into trying a lemon chess pie. It's a Southern desert I have never heard of. It's a very creamy, tart lemon pie with a berry compote. Man it was good!  Perfect end to a great meal!
I went here for a pre-grand opening party, so I only tried passed hors d'oeuvres so my review is based on that.   I tried: Fried green tomatoes: These were awesome and a favorite of the night Deviled Eggs: Usually a fan, but not this time.  I thought it had too much of a mayo taste to it, but this was probably the only thing I didn't care for Smores: delicious and could've eaten 10 of these Chicken biscuits: Extremely good.  The biscuits were flaky and chicken was perfectly crispy Melon with cheese: Interesting.  Not a favorite but still good Grilled peach wrapped in ham: Doesn't sound good, but actually was clever and tasty Cookies: Fresh baked and delicious.  If they messed up the cookies, a star would have definitely been lost. Lucky for them, it was perfect Mini-Carrot cake: Not usually a fan of carrot cake, but this one hit the spot As far as the night overall- they did a great job organizing.  The staff was friendly, drinks looked good and were flowing quickly (at 6 months preggers, unfortunately I could not taste).  There were also a lot of southern flavors throughout that showed great attention to detail...beef jerky by the bar, caramel popcorn, and pork rinds.  Last and certainly not least....they gave goodie bags with moonpies!!! Will certainly need to check this out when it opens for a full sit-down dinner.
On the wall is a chalk drawing proclaiming that "bourbon is sunshine, mixed with love and genius." ... I love this place It reminds me of the gastropubs in LA in that they put a premium on good drinks and good drink selection, as well as innovative and tasty comfort food.
please try the chicken and waffles, frog legs, mac & cheese! everything is incredibly delicious and the bourbon drinks are exotic and amazing. can't wait to go back!
On a busy night be sure to book ahead, this place is amazing, the food incredible, atmosphere is lively and staff attentive... however the open high top tables are not always first come first serve. The cocktails here are wonderful, be sure to venture into the unknown even if you're one of those spirit and tonic types.  the cocktail list is a magnum opus of southern meet Miami ingredients that is sure to provide you with shock and awe of delight.   their ingredient intellect of yardbirds food far exceeds any Miami waterfront location I've yet to venture.  The food no doubt will please, and again I advise you to frey from usual and go with a suggestion or two from your server. the food is always fresh and delicious and with easy plates to share your sure to find a new favorite plate or drink here.
If you're ever craving some southern comfort food Yardbird is the place to be. Check it out: Chicken Biscuits: yum yum yum. one of the top things i tried Fried Green Tomato BLT: Best item of the night. Party in my mouth. Meatloaf Sandwich: this ranks up there with the chicken biscuits. All kinds of tasty goodness Heavenly Desserts: Cookies: Yardbird can make your dreams come true when it comes cookies; chocolate chip, oatmeal, you name it and they were fabulous. Smores on a stick: interesting and quite tasty Mini-Carrot Cake: bite size carrot cakes, perfect
In line w/ The Dutch as one of the few true 'Southern Gems' down here in Miami.  Everything is good -- from the Chicken Biscuits (great if you don't want fried chicken as your main entree, but want a taste) - to the Crab Salad BLT for lunch. Also, great manhattans and one of the best brunches in town (though a bit pricey). I'm in love, and a block away, which helps satisfy my cravings for this wonderful eatery.
Went here for lunch and ordered from their brunch menu. All the dishes were delicious, especially the mango salad. Wouldn't say they were healthy. Except for the salad, the food sat heavy in my stomach. But hey, that's southern food. We loved the modern country style decor. Also, the prices are good too. The trick is to not order too many things and to share. Between three people we had the mango salad, the steak dish with hash browns and homemade biscuits and that was enough for us, no left overs. If you are craving southern food but with a refined flare, I recommend this place.
Great southern food and environment. Great service. However, over priced. I've gone a few times but I can't say I would go back. I can definitely whip up fried chicken myself. Haha
Inspired by Eve C.'s ROTD, and taking advantage of my early release day from work, I stopped by Yardbird this afternoon. Besides nothing says comfort food after a long couple days than fried food! When I got there, the hostess told me that the kitchen was closed for dinner but could get bar appetizers. Dire warnings from the prophet Patrick L about tapa size filled my head with dread and almost sent me to a worse Pisces moment. Nevertheless I was hungrier than this guy youtu.be/nMstHqyBBAo and sat down. Waffle fries were first, not greasy and generously served for a bar app. I even tried the white buttermilk sauce - a food color I normally avoid - and interchanged it with the requested BBQ sauce. Now THAT is a sweets fan dream, made out of sweet tea and molasses (I asked). Main course was a "pulled chicken" sandwich served on a full size Texas Toast with what seemed like a hint of butter. I liked the stuffing balance of fruits and veggies - tomatoes and pears, and lettuce and raisin. Of course I supplemented it with the aforementioned BBQ sauce. There's something strangely comforting and primal about eating fried chicken with your hands. You know, getting the "dust" from the breading and however slight the hint of grease on your fingers. I allowed myself to feel this sensation when I saw the tables around me indulging in said manna. I asked if the full service kitchen was open since my fellow bar diners were enjoying this, and had the pleasant surprise of being offered two pieces of chicken on the house. From this bonus, I know what to order when I go during regular dinner time next, for said pieces were plenty meaty and the breading evenly seasoned. Dip in some of the famous sauce and you're good!
the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it's simply so not the kind of food i would eat more than one time. over and above that, i loved this place. we were invited for lunch and i had to throw all dietary caution to the wind and just get right into it. everything had pork in it (a meat i rarely eat) with the exception of the fried chix (haven't had that in 15 years); even the salads are viscious!!! but really.........everything is fantastic. unfortunately, i could not drink due to getting over the flu, so i missed my favorite bottle of wine and the bloody marys might have been just what i needed but decided to pass. the staff is wonderful, so friendly and really warm and enthusiastic.....a miami beach flawless diamond. rare and almost never encountered!!! kudos to the management.
The kick off of the fall season includes many local menus incorporating the fantastic flavors of this time of year. And among them I would have to say that pumpkin is my favorite. You don't even have to hunt around like a Fraggle to find pumpkin breads, pastries, pies, and even pastas. A recent pumpkin delight was from the new Yardbird Southern Table in South Beach. Served in a small cast iron dish and in a bed of strawberry preserves, lay the pumpkin beignets. There was also a cream chilled on the side. If you haven't treated yourself to something amazing lately, Fall is the perfect time for a pumpkin retreat.
Went here for a 10:15 Sunday brunch (had to catch an earlier flight out). For first-timers, they explain that they encourage sharing and because the kitchen is small, they don't bring out dishes all at once but rather as they are ready. The waitress was not completely clear in explaining how big the dishes were, so two of us shared the fried green tomato BLT and chicken biscuits. Good call. Both were extremely tasty. The BLT had a delightful mix of the gently fried but still firm tomato, fatty pork belly and tangy tomato jam. The chicken in the biscuits was tender, juicy and delicious (was trying to figure out if it was boneless chicken thigh). The portions were satisfying; the richness of the BLT made the size just right; the chicken biscuit could have been a little bigger but I'm not complaining. Southern-style comfort food a little dressed up with flair. If I have an opportunity to do so, I would definitely go back for the food and to try some of their fun-sounding cocktails.
Went to Yardbird for dinner saturday night (3/16).  Called a few days in advance to make a reservation for 4 people (2 couples on double date) and 10pm was all that was available so we took it.  Thinking we'd be in after the dinner rush, no way, the place was packed!  So packed that valet was full and man friend had to self park ugh. Definitely a nice dosage of "Southern Hospitality" added to the SOBE Miami landscape.  Interior is like a hip rustic feel.  They have a HUGE Bourbon selection which made me excited because I like my bourbons served the OLD FASHIONED WAY! So naturally, I ordered an Old Fashioned with Bullit Rye.  Although it wasn't on the menu, the bartender did a great job!  The guys ordered beer. On to the food! Server told us dishes are meant to "share" One couple ordered: The Ribs (they shared those) Man friend and I ordered: The Ribs, Fried Chicken, Cheesey Grits, and Mac n' Cheese (we devoured that aka aren't we a fat couple?!)  :) Verdict: I was torn between the fried chicken and chicken and waffles and considering I had to wear a bikini the next day, I ordered the fried chicken (lesser of two evils- right?).  This ain't no KFC chicken people! 2 breasts and 2 legs Served in a wire basket over brown paper and not as greasy as you'd expect.  Breaded and crispy on the outside OH SO JUICY on the inside! Meat literally FELL OFF THE BONE. OH MY GOODNESS!!!! DARLING, I'M IN LOVE! Ribs were tasty and peppers gave nice kick but after a few bites, I was hooked on the chicken.   Cheesey Grits: Omg I love grits and Yardbird's grits consistency is just right and add some cheese? Heaven Mac and Cheese: Great but not the best Dessert: We ordered the special: warm berry crumble with ginger ice cream blah blah you had me at warm.crumble.ice cream! We shared among the 4 of us and enjoyed it.  Um I love warm anything that comes out of oven topped with cold ice cream. Berries were fresh (not that preserves crap) and a nice balance of bitterness and sweetness! Would definitely come back! TIP: Bathrooms are walk in entrance, go left, part of wall/easy to miss.  We played game with our server who joked about customers who comically miss bathroom aka with distressed faces.  So in case you gotta go, now you know!
My first visit the yard bird things started out a little hairy but ended on a good note very pleased with every dish ordered chicken, ribs, mac and cheese, wedge salad, french fries and watermelon
Went here for Saturday brunch while on a mini-vacation in Miami - hands down most memorable meal from the entire trip. The food was incredible and innovative, the service was top-notch.  Maple Bacon Donut is a MUST TRY!  And I don't even like donuts..  Chicken Biscuits were delicious! A great addition to the Miami restaurant scene!
Good hearty food
Haven't you heard? the Bird, is the word. youtube.com/watch?v=2WNr… Before all of you start your cluckin' and clackin' about the price and the portions..just hear me out. If you play your cards right, you won't break the bank ( Your belt, and pant seam on the other hand, is a whole other issue). First, walk your happy self over to the bar, and chill the heck out with a southern peach cocktail. You see that? They even put in a mason jar and top it off with a sprig of thyme and a lemon. Doesn't life taste better already? Don't drink bourbon you say? Hush up. You do. You only think you don't. Just try it. you'll like it. As you swirl your drink around the mason jar, and take a look around the restaurant, order some house cut fries. Don't be fooled by the mention of bacon..these aren't your usual bacon bit fries. Oh no my friend...these fries are  topped  in bacon dust. Think of it as if Tinkerbell was really Oinkerbell and instead of dust that makes you fly it's dust that makes those fries 12919739123712392173 times more delicious. And you don't fly, you..squeal...in delight. Next up, the shares. Since this is suppah' ( supper)  you can either divy up the offerings amonst friends, and say goodbye to your left ventricle all on your own. We decided to not explode with fatness, and share two small plates : Mama's chicken and biscuits, and the lil bit o' meatloaf. This is what my fat kid mind said when I saw the plates : " oh hell no, 12.00 for those two little things that look like brownies? are they crazy? Im gonna need 982173721973218 more orders. And ONLY TWO  biscuits with chicken? for these prices I could have 3 cartons of publix chicken!" This is what happened : my friends, that lil bit o' meatloaf was JUST RIGHT. short ribs, gravy and mash- my partner and I each had one place and scraped the plate clean...clean I say! The chicken and biscuits- after the ONE I had ...crispy chicken thigh with just a hint of maple syrup..I called mercy. I called my bluff. and every dollar spent on that meal was well worth it.  Belly rubbing and groaning, and threats of  " I can't take one more bite" but finishing off the plate happened. Around the table everyone agreed that the plates are deceiving in size/satisfaction- but in the best way possible! Service : Carlton was a gem! I've seen people complain about their service and I have no idea who attended them..but the service alone was 5 stars...attentive, helpful, and they even gave us a free round of fries for being there for a birthday. The BIRD IS THE WORD.
Went for Sunday brunch. Food was fine, honestly nothing that special. You want real good fried chicken, in my opinion the best in Miami, go to Joe's! Not child friendly... They have no high chairs. Manager needs to learn to be a bit friendlier and tactful with his customers.
Simply perfect!!!  Had brunch here last week, we're out of towners celebrating my friend's bachelorette.  Saw that Yardbird was one of Bon Appetit Magazine's top 50 best new restaurants in 2012, so I had to try it!  Glad that my friends were foodies like me and we were not disappointed.  We did family style and ordered: BLT Benedict Casserole, Heirloom Tomatoes & Watermelon Salad, Big Ol' Waffle, Elvis Pancakes, Llewellyn's Fried Chicken, and a side of bacon. Everything was delicious but standouts were the pancakes, fried chicken and bacon.  The butter with the bacon...soo yummy (and I tend to lean towards savory than sweet), fried chicken was to die for and bacon...not your typical bacon but thick slices of pork belly!!!  Yardbird is a MUST!  Best meal that we had during our Miami trip.  Next time I'm in town, I'm gonna go for dinner!
Visited this restaurant because of the Yelp reviews. Loved the concept, HATED the wait. The hostess told us the wait would be 30 minutes, but an HOUR later, we were finally seated. Our server, Stephanie, was awesome! Had the fried chicken sliders and they were YUMMY! Also, had the shrimp and grits as an entree with sautéed kale and sweet potatoes as sides. Loved the meal, but have to admit that the wait for a table was less than palatable. Not happy that the hostess gave such an unrealistic wait time. Next time, we will make reservations for sure or go somewhere else. Oh the peach flavored Ooolong tea was great too!!
First tried to get a table here during dinnertime on a Monday night, and the wait was over 30 minutes. So, the beau and I decided to come back during lunch for two reasons: no wait and the food is cheaper. We were sat at a small table that had to be pulled out so I could squeeze through and sit down in the booth. We subsequently had to scoot our whole table over and back a couple times so the people next to us could get in and out. Besides that, the ambiance was pretty cool, like an upscale Cracker Barrel. Painted brick walls, lots of metal and wood, cool lighting and solid furniture and utensils. The music was reminiscent of lazy summer days in the South; heavy on the harmonicas. So was our lunch worth the almost $40 (with tip) we paid for it? Well I LOVE rootbeer - so I was excited when they had an Abita microbrew on tap. It was tasty with a hint of licorice, but hardly worth $4 for a 10 oz glass with no refills. Choosing an entree was easy for me since I'm vegetarian so I got the Vegetable Pot Pie (complete with the subhead: WARNING: CONTAINS NO MEAT - LoL). It was served with an interesting side of mixed greens salad topped with corn and lima beans. It was pretty good but the dressing tasted greasy. The Pot Pie was not really a pie per se. It was served in an individual metal pot and was filled with a garden-full of fresh veggies including spinach, peas, carrots, broccoli, potato balls, cauliflower and mushrooms in a light sauce, topped with crusty crumblies. It was delish. The boyfriend ordered the Skinny Chick sandwich, which doesn't come with anything besides a small side of (in his words, "nasty") vegetables. There were brussel sprouts and some unidentifiable ones. However, he did thoroughly enjoy the sandwich.   Our server, Torrence was good and had the check ready when he cleared our plates. Even though he asked if we wanted anything else, he could totally tell that we weren't planning to increase the cost of our bill. Overall, a nice place, if not overpriced and a bit overhyped. Great for foodies, a date or a special occasion.
4/19/12 - YardBird, Yardbird, Yardbird -- this place has some good food and reasonable prices. I had dinner there on a Thursday night around 9:30 and very table in the place was taken.  This place is always packed -- I highly  suggest reservations.  I have been there several times to try to eat and had to leave because they had no availability. (Its annoying but a good sign as well.) Mama's Chicken Biscuits - oh la la la - I love me some biscuits.  Nice and soft.  The chicken was tender and moist. Fried Green Tomato BLT  --Pork belly with house made pimento cheese -- this was the best dish of the night.  The pork belly was nice and crisp and didn't feel like you were eating a soggy piece of lard.   The tomato was to perfection and the pimento sauce tied everything together perfectly. 'Lil' Bit of Meat Loaf  -- was a huge disappointment! The meat loaf was made of slow braised short rib.  I was expecting it to be soft and succulent, instead it looked like a dried piece of turd on the plate.  I sent the dish back and the manager handled the situation quickly.  He  took the item off our bill.  He also apologized and explained that if the kitchen cut the piece to small, then the meat over cooks and all you taste is grease.   I will try them out again, maybe it was an off night.
So delish! Loved the fried chicken biscuits and the acorn squash!! Yum!  Our waitress was so great-- bubbly and very charismatic, yet efficient and reliable.
Of course Yardbird would have a mason jar for their soap bottle and a wooden rolling pin as the bathroom's door handle. But they make the best damn waffles I've ever eaten. Usually waffles are dry and relatively tasteless. I don't know what they put in them (loads of butter? heavy cream? buttermilk?) but I was genuinely surprised and overjoyed by the smell, texture, and taste. I only wish I could have gotten more. The brined pressure fried chicken was crispy and juicy. My only disappointment was that the watermelon was room temperature. I was hoping for a some cold, refreshing watermelon. We found adorable, perfectly square specks of mint all over the watermelon. Other than the waffles, my second favorite part of the brunch was the Tabasco and honey dipping sauce. I dipped both the waffles and the fried chicken in it. Yardbird is pricey and some of the tables are a little too close together, but the kitchen staff and the restaurant group 50 eggs knows what they're doing. My tip is to consider the specials your server mentions. Usually it's a deal and you'll probably save a couple bucks. Also, if you're willing to a go a little earlier than normal lunch or dinner hours you won't have trouble getting a table. We parked at a nearby parking meter spot.
As a native Southerner, I'm usually one to turn my nose up at eating fried chicken outside of The South (and no, Miami is not The South). But even I have to admit that Yardbird puts out some good eats. And I was surprised with the large crowd here: how can South Beachers eat here and fit in to those eensy bikinis the next day? A mystery! The blackberry bourbon cocktail (served in a mason jar, of course) was a real treat, the butter lettuce salad hit all the right notes, and the fried chicken was unsurprisingly the standout. A great batter, nice and moist, and well seasoned. The shrimp and grits was alright, but it's one of my favorite dishes EVER and being someone who hangs out in the South Carolina Lowcountry on the regular, I can be hella picky about it. Our server was super fun and engaging, the atmosphere was lovely, and all in all it was a great meal. I'd heartily recommend to any one who can't get great Southern eats on the regular.
Stopped by recently for a southern food fix while in town for a conference.  The place was packed with a nice vibe so I sat at the bar.  I was impressed by their bourbon based cocktail list (im a big bourbon fan), and ordered a lemonade and a more simple bourbon drink. For dinner, on the rec of the bartender, I had the fried chicken and biscuits.  It was nicely flavored and the biscuits were a great consistency, and the pepper jelly complimented it well.  I was worried at first that it might not be enough, but it was more than enough to the point that I couldnt finish my side of corn.
As a NYer, it was so nice to eat in a real Miami restaurant, not just a New York City restaurant that has a location in South Beach. The food here was amazing and we enjoyed everything we ordered.  The fried chicken was among the best I have ever had (make sure to eat it with the amazing hot sauce). The Mac and Cheese is to die for! The Bourbon selection is extensive and well thought out. The desserts tasted great. It was just a unique and great concept to go there. I don't know of any other Southern Comfort place in Miami Beach. The service was also great (which is kind of amazing in Miami). Our waitress was really knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations. I'll definitely be back!
Delicious!  Had a late brunch: Mama's chicken biscuits were amazing.  The wedge salad was great too, with the bacon diced in big cubes and the citrus-y Ranch dressing... Apple Cinnamon hand pies were a perfect dessert, and the coffee was outstanding as well.  Our server was exceptionally attentive.  Loved it.
4.5 stars      Shady rolled into Yardbird on his recent SoBE soiree on a sunday night primetime(8.30). Nice scene, great cocktail menu to keep u busy at the bar while u wait. Apps were the Chicken liver toast(decadent) and the pork croquette. Pork with an egg on top. Perfect!. Had to have the fried chicken, big enough for 2 easily and i would say on par with best fried chicken ive had anywhere(including Nola's best). Sides were the kale(not for me...Shady's special invitee seemed to enjoy) and the cheesy grits-again as good as any i've had. Dessert was the borbon bacon caramel sundae. Thats right-bourbon, ice cream, caramel...and bacon. Shady doesn't remember eating it. Overall a great night in SoBe, made better by some good table banter with adjoining tables. Will be back-soon.
This place is everything i look for and more in a restaurant. I recently moved from NYC, the mecca of awesome service, food and beverage... So I was relieved to find Yardbird here in Miami. There's a certain coolness to Yardbird, without losing the homestyle feel of it all. I suggest making a reservation if you're going for dinner on the weekend, because it gets packed, but I'm so glad people get the concept. The mason-jar cocktails are amazing, and the whole aesthetic is very welcoming yet stylish. You must try EVERYTHING ON THE MENU!! WE DID AND IT WAS WELL WORTH OUR BUCK!!
Ultra small portions, greasy and expensive. Yum, just what I love in a new restaurant! Save your money and get a bucket at KFC :-O
Aunt wanted to try this because she read about it being one of the best. OMG! Ther server explained that the portions were a little larger then usual and a lot of patrons share. We're from savannah so we are used to big portions. They weren't that big but oh were they tasty. My husband had the chicken and waffles and watermelon. I ate his watermelon it had the best spices on it. The chicken and waffles were to die for. Each piece of it was delicious. We could have drank the syrup by the gallon! I had a chicken sandwich. I don't remember what it was called but it had chicken with a sweet/hot sauce, bread and butter pickles and some pickled purple onions. One of the best things I have ever put it my mouth. Server was friendly and nice. So yummy! Oh the banana Creme pie was heaven!
Perhaps the best compliment I can pay to Yardbird is this:  A health-conscious dinner companion who had just been sharing his lament about his recent cholesterol results ate with hearty abandon last night.  My own cholesterol, being in check, left me to enjoy the comfort food guilt-free...and that I did.   Here is a samplin' of the food we enjoyed: - Collards:  While not expressly on the menu, they were fantastic!  Ask for them. - Lil Bit of Meat Loaf...I wish there had been more than a lil, as it was so good. - Chicken and waffles:  Typically, I don't eat chicken on the bone, but did.  However, for me, the star was the side of watermelon, which had an unexpected heat to it. On the 'just ok' side, the edamame was overcooked for my liking, but I could forgive that, and I ate it anyway! Our server was attentive, friendly and professional, knowing the menu and even the origination of the photos being projected onto the back wall.  (He also looked as good walking away from the table as approaching it.)  I noted his 'I've been well-trained' use of open hand gestures whilst orienting us to the menu.  Although, in a down-home place like Yardbird, pointing versus gesturing would have been good enough for me.   Cocktails were ample and fast, a nice surprise given how crowded the place was.  My Hendricks martini was perfect, and surprisingly garnished with gherkin-stuffed olives.  Another dining companion remarked that it was the best Manhattan he had ever had.  Knowing him, and the number of Manhattans he has had in his life, that was no small compliment. The vibe:  Lively without being cacophonous, with a smart decor and a friendly crowd.  Not a douche in site.  (Those of you who frequent the Lincoln Rd. area know that this is no small deal.) Finally, and this was a big one for me, we had arrived without a reservation, and got to our table in less than 15-minutes even though the place was visibly full.  What's the secret to a successful business?  Volume!   Nicely done, Yardbird.  My recommendation:  Fly on over and nest for a spell at Yardbird for some fine (and atypical) Miami vittles.
I have gone here more then 5 times but did not want to right a review until I was fully convinced that this place deserved five stars. I have only gone for brunch but I have gone so many times and never ordered the same thing I think I can give a thorough review now. This restaurant is beautifully decorated they have southern vibe with a south beach upscale twist. I have never been disappointed by a cocktail there, they are always changing them because they make there own concoctions in house. Their Bloody Mary is probably the best in Miami and its always on the menu. The drinks are usually served in a mason jar that adds to the southern feel of the restaurant. The Mac n Cheese is super cheesy but is a small portion. Mama's Chicken & biscuits are three delicious biscuits with pepper jelly and a generous piece of fried chicken in each. The Iceberg Wedge salad is amazing anything with avocado and bacon is. The quiches ingredients vary and I have tried two of them both really good. The egg's & ham is probably the biggest dish besides the fried chicken, its really good if your super hungry. The side of bacon is not your regular bacon, it is pork belly sliced thick SO GOOD must get a side of bacon! The Big Ol' Cheddar Waffle is ok would not order it again. The house cut fries come with BACON SALT & a dipping sauce. Hunka Hunka Banana Bread is really good has chocolate chips in it. The pumpkin beignets are good but the banana bread is better. The best thing I have had at Yardbird besides the drinks are the pecan crusted french toast! I never order pancakes or french toast for breakfast I am more of an egg person. But being hungover inspired me to order them and what a good choice I made. The bread is light and the pecans go so well with cinnamon and BACON and blueberries sprinkled all over your plate! I cant wait to go back to have the french toast! The service is really good the food comes out super fast, Saturdays for brunch the wait is not that bad, they do take reservations. Happy Eating!
Over Labor Day weekend, I returned to Yarbird for the third time, dining with a friend I'd been with before during Art Basel. This time, we left the Fountainbleau to drive a few minutes away to our spot. We got the same table outside and had the same great experience. I ordered the Kale salad, after reading the Yelp reviews, and it was as fresh and tangy as reviewed. She ordered the fish special with hominy and grits, and I ordered the fried chicken, which we split. We've grown up on great fried chicken, so this was no unique experience. But for restaurant fried chicken to hit our homemade marks was no small feat. It was crispy, well-seasoned and done to the bone, plus the Tabasco-honey sauce was a real treat. For dessert, we took home the homemade cookies and milk and a slice of the carrot cake. Service was superb, even on a busy holiday weekend, and this will not be our last trip. Not by a long shot!
We went to this place during the week to avoid having to call ahead and they were able to seat us right away. The staff we interacted with were friendly and knew the menu well. I recommend the smoked bone marrow as an appetizer, seriously delicious!
Down home cookin, Southern style in the 305. This place is just gorgeous, such a rustic, homely setting that makes you feel like you are at an event. No, not many bells and whistles or over the top fancy, just a great concept and stellar execution. "A house of worship to farm-fresh ingredients, classic Southern cooking, culture and hospitality." This is their motto and it really rings true. House made cocktails are where it's at! Peep their menu here: runchickenrun.com/bar - you can really taste the pride in hand crafting each drink and from the sampling I tried, everything is delicious in it's own Southern loving way. Butter lettuce and grilled mango salad - are you kidding me? So crisp, delicious and fill of flavors. The smoked pecans really added texture and this set the tone for the deliciousness that was about to ensue. Shrimp and grits and fried chicken literally lined our table. I didn't know which way to look or grab from, yes, grab... I was hungry and come on folks... it's Southern fried chicken. And yes, in MIA this spot delivers with bringing authentic, crispy and juicy southern fried chicken to our mouth. The spicy tabasco honey, good lord, I would have eaten here every night of my stay. After I stuffed my face with 3 pieces of amazing fried chicken, I went for the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were plump and lovely and the grits were a-ok but not my favorite I have ever had, I am more of a puree or mushy grits girl. To each their own right? Oh, so after that, I went back for more fried chicken. Are you going to feel skinny after this meal? NO Are you going to feel happy after this meal? YES Are you going to be satisfied after this meal? YES Are you going to want to return immediately? YES So worth not feeling skinny =) If you are in Orlando, this place rings similar to Cask & Larder but still very different from one other in amazing ways!
This is my favorite brunch place on Earth. Love Yardbird.
Let me just make this simple GO THERE NOW.. if you need to know why continue reading... otherwise just order everything on the menu and thank me later.. I've gone for every meal many times so I consider myself a true "Yahhd Boydian". Having earned my "Yahd Boyd" wings, Ill explain what makes this place so deliciously special... simply...The love of food and the passion to deliver it to all those who come. Pancakes - More cake than pan, moist delicious and lusciously addictive but not heavy Biscuit Sandwich with fennel sausage... imagine an egg mcmuffin but an edible enslaving adaptation on a freshly baked biscuit with a cauterized fennel sausage which all just comes together and makes you wonder why they dont offer this as a togo item with a little drive-thru window. This would make Miami a happier place. Shrimp and Grits. These are the creamy throat coating slow cooked kind of grits adorned by crispy shrimp that snaps and pops flavor in your mouth. Id say shrimp are in the top 5 common food we all eat which is prepared all wrong. They deliver each sample each time we have come with perfect shrimp supremacy. They had a one time special buffalo wings with goat cheese dipping sauce which was amazing. Forget Buffalo, this could rename them Miami Wings. The perfectly fried wing encapsulated the chicken juices so when you bit into them you knew exactly what it was. The sauce was sharp and sweet and all of that abruptness was quelled with that lovely waterfall of flavor from the goat cheese dipping sauce. put this on the menu full time. The fried chicken is amazing and a staple of why you need to go here. The service is excellent The mixed drinks are fantastic The... the .. the... like I said... just go
Best chicken liver mousse I have ever has in my life! Wasn't expecting that.  Served cold , it is excellent  with the little breads served. The 4 stars is just for that. The fried chicken was okay-to good, certainly not the best you can find even in south florida, and as a southern biscuit enthusiast I found these to be quite underwhelming and dry. The concept is great and I can see how it plays an important niche in south florida and blocks from Lincoln road is an obvious choice for international tourists, I just don't think they do justice to southern cuisine (and it certainly is a cuisine) the way it should. Go for the chicken liver mousse and maybe some appetizers though. I haven't tried most things on the menu so I can't comment, some of the items  look intriguing. I have been to swine in coral gables and the food was not so good, very poor imitation of southern food poorly made.
When you first walk into Yardbird you get the sense you're going to have a good time. The hostess and wait staff were friendly, the high tables and decor just lend them self to a fun atmosphere. We ended up at Yardbird by chance, it was my lucky day. Thanks to all my fellow Yelpers for giving me a pretty good description of what to expect. We sat a quiet table towards the back of the restaurant, while videos of Elvis Presley played on the wall overhead (no sound) we could easily carry on our conversations. It's really a great place to come and hang out with friends. They have a decent wine list and a nice selection of beers. O.k. so let's talk southern cuisine, fried chicken, shrimp and grits, mustard greens, they've got it all.  Coming from NYC I've had the likes of Red Rooster and Sylvia's so my standards are high. Yardbird stands side by side with the competition. We were a party of 5 and ended up sharing 4 dishes and one side dish among us. There was plenty of food to go around. Now let's talk about the dishes: Llewellyn's Fried Chicken - amazing, they have a "27-hour" recipe they brag about. Whatever the secret is, it works. You get a decent portion delivers on a small iron skillet. Except for the bones the plate was empty when we were finished. Everyone was raving about the chicken. Shrimp and Grits - another favorite for our group, plenty of shrimp, ham, and a generous portion of grits.  Definitely try it for yourself. Brick roasted Chicken - this one was a surprise to me, I've never had food prepared under a brick before. The chick was flattened down to the size of a thick cutlet and served with a side of okra. The seasoning on the chicken was amazing. Deviled Eggs- o.k. So maybe I'm not an expert when it comes to deviled eggs, and unfortunately there where only four eggs on the plate for our party of five. Everyone at the table loved them. I posted a picture, they look really good. Next time I'm going for it. Last dish to mention was the risotto, another favorite at the table. The wait staff were super attentive and helped us select the right wine to go with our meal. That definitely added to our overall experience at Yardbird. I try and save my five start rating for only the best, Yardbird is up there in my book. It's off the beaten path in South Beach but it's worth the trip in my eyes. You won't be disappointed.
I loved this place! Get the blue plate and eat everything - don't forget to try the butter, strawberry jam, and the hot sauce for the fried chicken.
The food here is delicious and the staff is very friendly. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. They are definitely a must have.
My favorite restaurant in the beach. By far the most outstanding service and delicious menu. I have never been disappointed by any item on their menu. Their staff is friendly and provides excellent service. Our favorite is Evelyn.  She is personable,  sweet, and is attentive to all your needs. Must haves are the fried green tomatoes,  the ribs, fried chicken and waffles, chicken meatloaf for lunch, Elvis pancakes for brunch, sauted kale. Their drinks are also phenomenal.  My favorite is the blackberry bourbon lemonade.   If you are in miami beach for anything you MUST make time to visit yardbird. You Will Not regret it.
For not being open that long, pulling an Unofficial Miami Yelp Restaurant of the Year Designation and a solid four star plus rating, this Lauderdalian just had to venture down into the heart of Deco Land in order to give Yardbird a try.   Though it was early in the evening the place was so packed I had to take a seat at the bar which also has meal service. I pondered over the simple menu of Southern, as in foods, but decided to ask my bartender, Brian, who turned out to be bartender extraordinaire, for his advice. His immediate response was "the Brunswick Stew," to which he added the inquiry "you Cajun or Appalachian?" Huh? How could he possibly know? I was astonished because having roamed this earth for well over half a century, nobody but nobody has ever picked up on the fact that I am indeed a little bit of both. Then, before I could even respond, he added "I make a great Bourbon Sazerac." Good lordly, I knew then and there I was on my way to heaven, so I ordered both. I won't go any further into the foods I had because the taste, the flavor and the quality of the Brunswick Stew, loaded with perfectly prepared okra and a gator sausage was so absolutely outstanding, far and away the best I have ever had not only in my bowl but even in my dreams, all other foods simply paled by comparison. And to add to that, Brian wasn't joking me about his bartending capabilities when it comes to mixing a Sazerac, as I never had one, even in its New Orleans birthplace, any the better. Though some other items on the menu came short of impressing me, being four or three star only, I was so overcome with the Brunswick and the Bourbon Sazerac; I can't award less than Five Stars.
Overall I don't share the passionate love. Food: Certain items are outstanding; the chicken, for example. And the fried green tomato BLT is a meal in itself. Really, really great. But... other items are downright blah. The ribs are wayyyy overcooked, as if the chef is trying to achieve that "slide off the bone" perfection with fatty meat - and overdid it. And the salads are far too salty. Yes, a salty salad! Drinks: Close your second mortgage first, and bring a flask. If I'm paying $15 for a signature Bourbon drink I'd like to NOT have it in a glass that looks like it came from a child's play set. I don't need a tumbler, but don't make me feel like you are playing me for a sucker, either. Ambiance: Really nice. The open kitchen runs almost the entire length of the space, lending the feel of being part of the process. Tables are a nice mix of outdoor, traditional level and high tops. Separation is very good so you don't feel cramped, and finishes and lighting are perfect. Service: Outstanding. Helpful and attentive, without being over the top or fake/patronizing. Quality/value ratio: The sky high prices just don't quite justify it all, given some of the shortcomings.
I am truly a fan of this place. It's really captivating, from the setting and the southern feel of the place to the incredible food. My favorite dish still remains: Fried Green Tomatoes - but everything is full of so much flavor. Our server last time, Julian, was the best. He was so attentive and made us feel very comfortable, even when we were sitting outside and it started to rain but our table was right under a tiny roof so we stayed (as it lasted only a couple of minutes). We had a great time :-)
Excellent Service... Excellent Food.... the food.food . was seasoned perfect and I will eat here every time I'm in Miami.
Whenever I have friends or family in town and I want to show off the culinary side of Miami...I always take them to Yardbird!
cant. get.enough.of.them.chicken .biscuits.
I heard stellar reviews about Yardbird. I don't think my experience mirrored the enthusiasm of those who recommended this place, but overall it was a solid performer. My husband and I ordered the ribs, Mac n cheese, butter beans and chicken and waffles. Overall the food was just ok, in my opinion. Being from North Carolina, I guess my idea of southern food is just a bit different. The Mac n cheese seemed more like noodles and cheese sauce as opposed to the casserole like dish that I feel is more traditionally associated with southern food. Butter beans were much too tangy for my liking, but my husband thought it was great. Chicken and waffles were pretty good. I would order that dish again. I had strawberry shortcake for dessert - by far it was the star of my meal. They used biscuits instead of just white cake or angel food cake and there was a basil drizzle that accentuated the flavors really well. The atmosphere was great and the service was awesome as well. And on the upside we even saw Joel Anthony of the Heat dining there as well. This place is a solid performer; worthy, at least, of a visit to form your own opinion.
Food = Delicious Drinks = Delicious Staff = Spectacular
The atmosphere and food at yardbird is a tuff one to beat. The chicken and waffles are great and everything else I had was just as good. Fried green tomatoes and pork belly very good. The drink game is up there to. Lots of good bourbons
Chicken biscuits can't be beat, tomato watermelon salad ridiculous and the brick chicken was amazing.  Only issue was the biscuits arrived before our cocktails which kind of sucked but was Understandable....... the bar was slammed and the waiter was super cool.  I'd skip the snow peas next time too.
As good as advertised. The blt, deviled eggs, chicken, and biscuits were all perfect. To top it off, the bartenders, waiter, and hostesses were all genuine and nice. As someone who is visiting Miami and has been turned off by how snooty the service could be in Miami Beach, this place is a breath of fresh air. I will recommend to all my friends.
I'm a big fan of this place. It's a little west of where most of the restaurants are on South Beach (just a short taxi ride), but it's definitely worth it. The food here was so delicious and so unique. The fried chicken biscuit sandwiches are a must! Most of the places on South Beach tend to be your standard "shishi" places with very good food but either they are overpriced or not very innovative. Yard Bird is different. It has a more authentic vibe and it's much more affordable. Also for a place that serves fried chicken and waffles, the decor was surprisingly chic in a rustic kind of way.
After hearing so many good things from multiple sources, and since my wife and I are both avid lovers of southern cuisine, we were very excited about our first trip to Yardbird. We are currently planning our next trip to Yardbird. We made reservations online through OpenTable (highly recommended) and were seated immediately upon arrival. Our waiter was fantastic and chatted us up about the drinks, both on the menu and off, and was always quick to offer suggestions about all aspects of the menu. My wife and I decided on a cocktail. She had the Watermelon & White Whiskey (aka White Lightning aka Moonshine) and I had an off-menu combination of peach puree, sweet tea, and Angel's Envy bourbon garnished with lemon and a sprig of thyme. Both cocktails were delicious and ample served in a mason jar, natch. The menu is divided, in true Southern style, into large and small sharable plates and table-sized side dishes "fixins" similar to a high-end steakhouse where apps and sides are "a la carte". We decided to share the fried chicken biscuits with pepper jelly and the "BLTs" which were fried green tomatoes topped with house-made pimento cheese, tomato jam, and pork belly. They were both exceptionally tasty, although the chicken biscuits were a little hard to eat (contrary to popular opinion, my mouth isn't that big), but splitting them in half and making two open-faced proved to be an ingenious solution. For the main course, we split the half chicken (fried) and butter beans with pepper vinegar and chow chow. The fried chicken was as good as you think it's going to be: crispy, salty, juicy, and just plain good fried chicken. It's served with warm Tobasco honey to just push it over the edge. The best thing we ate all night were the butter beans. They were obviously farm-fresh as the skins were not loose or papery like you get with canned or frozen beans. We tried as hard as we could but did not finish the butter beans. Since the sky had opened up, and going to our car would have involved a canoe, we stayed for another thirty minutes and dessert. I had the lemon buttermilk chess pie with fresh blueberry compote and my wife had the Mississippi mud pie with coffee ice cream and crispy cocoa nibs. Both were excellent, but neither were finished. I cannot give a higher recommendation to the food, service, and ambiance of Yardbird. First time in a while that a restaurant has exceeded the hype. Well done!
This place is FANTASTIC. First of all, our waitress Stephanie could not have been better or more adorable. She was informative, friendly, and just generally so nice I'd request her every time if I lived in Miami and frequented this place. The food was also great - really good bourbon cocktails (and I typically don't even like bourbon!). We had a variety of apps including the chicken biscuits, fried oysters (SO good) and the green tomato BLT which was everyone's favorite. We also had the Kale salad which was good. For mains we loved the shrimp and grits, and the side of Mac & Cheese (while not particularly noteworthy, was still really delish). I'd highly recommend - great food and a great scene! Not as south beach sceney as a lot of other places, which was nice.
Wow! All I can say is if you go, you MUST do a flight of the different bourbons. They are all unique and absolutely delicious- and I'm not usually a big bourbon fan. The staff is awesome, very friendly and they definitely know their bourbon! The food is so good as well! Gotta love that good old southern comfort food...really, you won't go wrong with anything on the menu. Although I've come to love the Mac+cheese appetizer and the fried chicken. Deeelish!
This place is ridiculously delicious!!!  I wish we visited here earlier so we could have gone twice or more! The 27 hour fried chicken was probably the best I've ever had. We had it with the biscuit appetizer and with the waffles and spicy watermelon.  We also ordered fried green tomatoes... Fantastic! The fried chicken biscuits were so awesome, this alone would have sufficed for a meal!  It was very flaky and full of flavor. The waffles and watermelon were just right to compliment the chicken. I loved the bourbon infused syrup for the waffles! Spicy watermelon wasn't really that spicy, but again complimented the chicken very well. *** The serving sizes are huge! If you're a party of two, I would suggest getting an appetizer (awesome fried green tomatoes!) and split a main (chicken and waffles).  Add a delightful dessert (key lime donut holes), and you're set! I can't wait to try them again... I live on the West Coast, but a manager told me they are opening one in Vegas!  Viva Las Vegas (insert bad Elvis impersonation here)!!!
The reviews are true. I spent six months of my life eating my way through Miami, and this place was the only one I find myself thinking of months later. I still dream of the maple-infused bourbon I had here. We loved our bartender, and he talked to us for the hours we spent there, helping us pick the perfect drinks for ourselves and guiding us through the menu. Here, everything was beautiful, and nothing hurt.
I love Yardbird!  Service is always great love the chicken & biscuits and the french fries with mini bacon bites.  The decor is awesome too, keep up the good work!
This place is great.  We went for dinner and drinks on a Saturday night.  There was a 30 minute wait.  The hostess kept us informed about our status and gave us a few table options.  The bartender was attentive though the bar was packed. Great beer selections, wine selections, and liquor too.  The server was suggestive, knowledgeable but not pushy.  The food was creative and delicious.    I especially enjoyed the fried green tomatoes BLT.
Simply amazing! We were a little skeptical when we looked at the menu but wanted to try it anyway. I'm so glad we did!!! Everything is excellent from food, cocktails to service ! Our server Vivian was wonderful ) Thank you for the great experience, we are coming back for sure!
I will start this by saying i will come back and try again.  I have been hyped up for yard bird for a long time.  I love Swine and was dying to try the sister restaurant for a long time. I love fried chicken and was dying to try what many people think is the best in the area. We had the bone marrow, the cheese and watermelon, the chicken biscuits, the mac and cheese and the fried chicken with waffles. First the good.  The Mac and Cheese and Bone Marrow were amazing.... I could eat both those dishes everyday with no qualms, other than my blood pressure screaming. The Ok. The friend chicken.. so disappoint... It was ok not bad not great.  I like the spicy sauce on it.  I was in no way blown away especially for the 27 dollars it costs. The Bad.  I really did not enjoy the cheese appetizer.  My girl friend did.  It thought it was mostly bland and tasteless. The tomato relish on the waffle and the waffle it self were bad... I asked everyone on our table to try it and no one liked the combination.  I cant tell if it was an off day or if there's something we are missing there, but nah... The chicken and biscuits... We were told by coworkers that this was one of the best dishes to order, but our biscuits were dry hockey pucks and completely inedible. The reason i do want to try this place again was what i saw other people ordering.  the ribs look ridiculously good and cant wait to to try them.  the menu is very deep, just was disappointed with what i ordered.
Upscale and southern cuisine?  Is there such a thing?  Evidently, now there is!!!!  Be prepared to roll out of this place!  You'll be so full!  Great fried chicken!  This place even has a yummy brunch! You'll see a great crowd at happy hour too!  Just remember to make a reservation - it can get packed pretty quickly
When I first heard the name I thought it was a Red Rooster ripoff of the dirty "yardbird" not the case.... Grand corner space w/ a rustic, white semi industrial decor.... Food wise: Grilled Gulf shrimp over succotash= $15 Grilled corn w/ hominy in tomatoey sauce- $5 Single biscuit- $1 Nantucket beer- $5 Delish fresh local ingredients in interesting sauces...great "lowcountry" fare in sunny South Florida...wish I had room for dessert......Very professional staff.
1 star for service 1 for ambience 1 star for food quality 1 star for expedited food service -1 for the valet service...rude.com but EVERYTHING om the inside was awesome.
I was very impressed with my first experience here! I made the mistake of not calling for a reservation, however it gave me time to spend at the bar with my party. We were all happy with our drink selections and had good service at the bar. Once we sat down for dinner, we ordered the watermelon and fried cheese appetizer. I was very skeptical as to whether or not I would like it, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was delicious, refreshing and unique. I tried the veggie pot pie which was very good, although not necessarily so amazing that you couldn't find somewhere else. I really enjoyed it though and liked the side salad it came with. My boyfriend had their fried chicken platter and I thought it was exceptionally tasty. The only fried chicken here I've had that can rival it is at Joe's Stone Crab. We tried some of the creamy mac 'n cheese and my friend had the wedge salad which she said was yummy also. For dessert we tried the blueberry cobbler even though our tummies were stuffed and I very much so liked that part. Our waiter was amazing and fun! I felt great that it seemed as if I had been transported away from Miami even though I was on South Beach, the epitome of Miami. I can't wait to go back :)
I was in town for a bachelor party and decided to walk over to Yardbird from our hotel for a late lunch.  I had read all of the hype on here, so I was pretty excited.  I ordered 4 items: Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade- I love bourbon and blackberry, so this was a natural pick.  Terrific flavor and pretty strong also. Chicken & Biscuits- this is on their appetizer menu for lunch, but it will certainly fill you up as an entree.  It comes with 2 large biscuits, fried chicken, and pickled vegetables.  It was a very tasty meal.  I'll admit, the chicken didn't blow me away as being out of this world, but it was still quite good.   5 Cheese Mac N Cheese- the best thing I ordered.  Probably the best Mac N Cheese I've ever had.  Great flavor and the breadcrumbs were a nice touch. Banana Cream Pie- The shell was a little too hard for my preference, but it was still a solid dessert.   Overall I would say the food was 4-4.5 star quality, but the excellent service bumps it to a 5-star overall experience.
If you want to be fat but HAPPY, eat here. Food is heavy but for the right reasons... farm to table at its best. I personally love the biscuits, the chocolate chip pancakes, the watermelon, the fried chicken (rarely do I eat fried chicken, but here, it's a must) and any other brunch item, honestly.
Eight months later and I'm still in love. I've visited YB countless times for brunch, often with a fairly large group. Our waiter, Tomas, has always taken impeccable care of my peeps and me. Today I went back for lunch and Tracy served my honey and me up with great recommendations, his passion for which shone through. Since last fall I've become a vegetarian, and I still love the food at YB. My two favorite salads are the beet salad and the grilled mango & butter lettuce salad (those smoky pecans are divine!). I'm looking forward to trying the pulled veggie salad next. Dessert was a perfect ending today: blackberry peach buckle (think cobbler with bigger pieces of fruit). It could have been a little warmer so you got that nice temparature contrast between the dish and its a la mode ice cream but the flavors were on point. I am not a huge fan of very sweet things, so the tanginess in this one hit the mark for me. In all these visits I have had not one complaint about the service and only minimal room for improvement on the food. In a city full of inconsistent restaurants, it's a true joy to know you can always count on Yardbird. Bottom Line: If you don't like this restaurant, we can not be friends.
My husband brought me for my anniversary and I had an amazing time. It started from the hostess, to our well informed server, to the GM coming by our table, down to the tastiest chicken and delicious sides.
This place is great! Craft beers, great southern food, good service, and good a atmosphere. All food is meant to be shared or at least is big enough to share. We started off with the Buttermilk Biscuits that came with honey butter and jam. Great starter! We also got the Fried Green Tomato BLT which I would go back just for that. Pork belly on some thick fried green tomatoes served with some tomato jam and housemade pimento cheese. Well known for the chicken and waffles, we just couldn't resist. The chicken was packed full of flavor! Waffle wedges were good too and the watermelon was nice and refreshing, a change from the spice of the chicken and sweetness from the waffles. We also had the Shrimp and grits and Mac and Cheese which I only had a few bites but thought they were both good. Love places like this!
Underwhelmed by brunch.   Had the BLT EGGS and a beer for brunch today it was good but maybe since I had the sauce on side not so.....service was great.   Table of 8 not so comfy.  I think for the money it should be more substantial.  A few cherry tomatoes and frisse lettuce not impressive. The bacon is really good. I may not be their hip demographic. But think it's really overpriced and just ok. Been there once before but also thought same thing.  The waffles and fried chicken my dining mates enjoyed and seemed huge.   But it was super expensive.   The place is cute and they honored the Rez.
Expensive but great food. Everything made from scratch, even the butter. Fried chicken, WOW. Biscuits are really good. Pull pork sandwich was good but not great. Bartender did a great job with an Old Fashioned that I ordered. Miami has a lot of overpriced and overrated restaurants but Yardbird is in a league of its own. Highly recommended.
Ok first... the Blackberry Lemonade is the best drink for $8.00 PERIOD end of story. It's served in a big girl glass none of these glass dixie cups commonly found on the beach. The Vibe: Causal and American!! Southern Yuppie for sure. These are where all the Americanos are and they are eating food of their people. Ribs that fall off the bone, fried chicken with juiciness and taste from the heavens. People here are here to eat. It's not a place for healthy at all and good. There's enough EuroStyle eating on Miami Beach. Give me Mamas Chicken Biscuits and Man n Cheeeese. Here's what I had and there are other things on the menu I want to try so I will be back. Mama's Chicken Biscuits: TO DIE FOR! You take a bite and I swear it's a hug to your belly. YUM! (sip of Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade) Mac N Cheese: HEAVENLY! Ok first it's a medley of several cheeses. The pasta is torchillo pasta so it's the curly spirals then topped with these breadcrumbs and omg yummy goodness another hug. And don't let the little pot thingy it comes in fool you. A lot fits in there. The Wedge Salad: Also good. The bacon on it was nice. Not the best wedge of my life but very good. Next time I'm skipping salad and adding in the fried green tomato blt and the lil bit of meatloaf. The staff here are super friendly and they aren't all up in your business and on your table. It's a fun spot and it's a place to sit down and eat and even get a little messy. Attire and scene: ladies throw on some comfy leggings or a sundress, some  jeans and a simple top, some flip flops or low sandals and leave the heels at home. Save the sparkle and glitz for another time. This is the place for effortless sexy. And ladies if you are looking for cuteys from the South or Midwest with names that don't end in a vowel, this is the spot. I will absolutely be back...
I've been wanting fried chicken for awhile now, so I was excited to hear about this place.  We went over last Sunday to try it out.  The menu offers many bourbon cocktails, if you're into that.  I prefer wine, and was very pleased with their selection.  I did try some sort of iced tea  bourbon lemonade.  The taste was great, but it was weak.  It barley had any alcohol in it. They started off by giving us some cooked peanuts that I did not find too appetizing.  We also had their version of edamame, which again wasn't that good.  We shared the fried chicken, waffles, and watermelon dish as our entree.  Definitely enough to share and the highlight of the meal.  Perfectly fried and well seasoned.  For dessert we had smores which were pretty good, but nothing to write home about. I will be back to try their other dishes.
my family had a celebration dinner at Yardbird last weekend and it was a wonderful experience. i usually don't eat meats unless i know they were raised humanely, meaning i NEVER eat meat in restaurants, only when i buy it from a local farmer. i never thought that - in Miami of all places - i would have the opportunity to enjoy a chef's preparation of quality ingredients alongside my family without making a billion substitutions and changes. so this was really a special dinner for me. our server, Rosie, was a peach, explaining how the menu worked like 20 times because we simply could not all pay attention at once. we had piles of food, probably more than we needed, and we ate every last bit. my husband & i ordered two Big Shares and two Small Shares (~$60 worth of food) and were quite satisfied. we had the half a fried chicken - amazingly crisp with sweet hot honey tabasco sauce, the Swine Steak Frites - honestly i think the polenta fries with maple were my favorite item of the night, the fries - an all-around hit with 5 orders eventually making their way to the table, and a custom order of brussels sprouts and kale - good but too salty. the chicken and the fries were the big hits at our table. there was much cooing over the buttermilk dipping sauce. dad and his boys looooved the pile of ribs and their tomato sauce. matter of fact, all the sauces came highly praised. the salads didn't spark much interest, but considering the fact that they were stacked up next to ribs and fried chicken, it comes as little surprise. drinks were also top notch. i had the salted maple manhattan. YUM. with 2 bourbon soaked cherries. DOUBLE YUM. so glad i went for it, even though it was not on the happy hour list, which is one helluva deal! $5 for the majority of the spectacular cocktail list! like my sister-in-law's Porkchop (she loved) and husband's Old Fashioned (also loved). mint julep fell bitterly flat. the space is cute, the service was friendly, ethically and environmentally responsible ingredients, this place does not feel like Miami. it feels more like my midwestern home. i loved it. highest recommendation. all our party of 12 walked out just giddy.
My hubby and I went there in August based on reviews.  It really is a great place to relax and have fun. It's hip and small enough to be cozy.  We shared the Chicken n Watermelon n Waffles, since we were staying at a hotel...it's huge!  And very delicious.   The desserts are great, but the banana pudding was mostly crust.  The bourbon drinks are really good...I actually liked the bacon one...and I've never tasted bourbon before.  Everything on the menu seems like it'd be great..  We also got fried green tomatoe app.  Incredibly good!   We brought our 4 kids and a friend in October to celebrate a birthday...had a great time, good staff, very attentive.  Tried even more food like shrimp n grits, which was excellent!  Our friend is celiac and they were great about making fried chicken for her without the flour etc.  Would definitely go back!!
Loved everything about Yardbird. From the moment you walk in, you start to notice neat little things around the restaurant. The entire was very welcoming which helped the ambiance. The drinks were very refreshing, but also packed a punch. I split small plates with the table and thought the chicken and biscuits and the cheddar cheese waffle were outstanding. I also enjoyed the kale salad. I'd love to go back and sit at the bar for a drink and some apps.
So I tried the brunch (on day 1 mind you) and it was even better than the dinner! 1.  Out door dining in November in Miami. Yes please 2.  Mamas Chicken and Biscuits before noon! 3.  Eggs Benedict Biscuits - heck ya 4.  Delicious quiche 5.  Cheesy grits I had to send back my bloody mary because I'm a vodka wimp but they graciously replaced it with a mimosa and boy was I tipsy.   Love ya Jeff McInnis and Yardbird!
I'll preface this review by stating I'm from Chicago and therefore love to eat. If you're on any sort of diet at all, avoid this place at all costs. If you're not, wear pants that can stretch a bit and prepare to have one of the best meals of your life. A group of 8 of us went and decided to split a bunch of stuff. We started with the Fried Green Tomato BLTS, pimento cheese jar, Chicken Biscuits, and Iceberg Wedge (and in fact got two orders of the blts and chicken biscuits). I could have probably done without the pimento cheese jar -- there just wasnt too much to it. The iceberg wedge was delicious.. but still had nothing on the BLTs and the chicken biscuits. I still dont know which was my favorite. The chicken biscuit was a fried chicken slider. On two of the most delicious biscuits I've ever had. I would have probably devoured more of these if I hadn't already fallen in love with the BLT. It's almost like a little slider itself with giant green tomato, and then a huge hunk of bacon with delicious sauce on top. I want go to back to Miami for this alone. And the mac and cheese. For entrees we shared the shrimp 'n grits, ribs, and the chicken & waffles (at my suggestion that maybe 4 entrees was too much). We also got sides of grits, biscuits and mac and cheese. I think I was so full from the appetizers by the time the entrees rolled around that I didnt have too much of it. I liked the shrimp and grits the best -- had decent sized pieces of shrimp and the grits were melt in your mouth. I've never really understood the whole chicken & waffles thing, but decided to give it a chance after everyone was raving about it ,and wasn't disappointed. I didn't like the sauce on the ribs, but everyone else seemed to, so perhaps I was just full by then. If you get the chicken biscuits, I'd skip the biscuits as a side (seems logical, but never occurred to us). The mac and cheese was my favorite. I kept this next to me and picked at it all night. They offered some delicious sounding desserts but we were more than full (we didn't come anywhere near finishing all of that food) so we had to pass. Also, I as surprised at the cost. All of that food with a drink or two a person was less than $50 each. Not bad in my book!
Fried Chicken and waffles was very yummy, really enjoyed, It's pricey though $20something dollars for half a fried chicken..... Like the farmhouse decor, makes restaurant look, crisp , clean and it has little modern touches at the same time. The bathroom doors are so curious , they are blended into the wall.... I know I am talking about the decor a bit much more than the food but I thought it was so nice and different, I really like the atmosphere and this is a place that looks nice and its the kinda place that the food is good too.   I definitely want to go back and try more things on their menu.
Before you read on I just want say that I haven't been to Yardbird since last June. However, I've been meaning to write a review, plus it was awesome. We took a vacation last summer to Miami and found Yardbird using Yelp. Boy were we lucky. We had the Chicken N 'Watermelon N' Waffles and their Macaroni & Cheese. The entire meal was just delicious. Just delicious. Yardbird had a really cool and hip vibe to it while still giving you that southern hospitality feel. Although I've only eaten here once I still consider it to be one of my favorite restaurants and I highly recommend it to anyone living or visiting the Miami area.
Review of Brunch: Man o' man was this a great brunch. Not only was he service amazing! But the food was excellent. Had the fried chicken biscuit and they were just melt in your mouth. Definitely some of the best fried chicken in Miami! My girlfriend and I always try Eggs Benedict everywhere we go and there's was amazing! The pancakes with the banana spread and peanut butter were amazing, a bit too much sweetness for my gf but I loved them! Definitely a top place to have brunch in Miami!
The grand opening of Yardbird was a wonderful little tease that left me wanting more! The atmosphere is great, blue-sy music, great details around like cool lights and art, and pretty spacious. Most important, the passed food and specialty signature drinks were pretty freakin tasty. I enjoyed the Chicken biscuits; Melon with cheese; and Grilled peach wrapped in ham. Desserts were pretty wonderful too: fresh baked cookies, brownies, Smores and Mini-Carrot cake. Looking forward to going back for a sit down meal!
Absolutely brilliant! The food is spectacular, the atmosphere was very comfortable and the wait staff was top notch. Hats off to this new restaurant...I will definitely be back next time I am in Miami Beach!
The food was delicious! It's a bit pricey but definitely worth visiting!
Yardbird has a special place in my heart and belly. They really do have the best fried chicken I've ever tasted. It's always great to come back and enjoy all the fixins as well. Some highlights include the waffles, the mac'n'cheese, the watermelon, and the biscuits!! Their honey butter is everything! I would jar that and take it home if I could. Make a reservation a few days before deciding to dine here because it gets packed very quickly, especially for brunch and weekend dinners.
Highly recommend if you are in the Miami area.  Very cool rustic vibe, awesome food, and service.  The fried green tomato BLT and Mama's Chicken Biscuits are a MUST. The Mississippi Mud pie was heavenly.   Absolutely loved the whole experience.
In the middle of SoBe but yet a differnt sort of Southern flair. Came here on a Wednesday night thinking that we would have no problem getting  seating but we were sooo wrong.  This place was packed and waiting time was a whopping hour.   Thankfully we were able to get a free spot after a rather short wait at the bar.  The bartenders were all extremely professional, outgoing and knowledgeable. I just tried a drink and dessert this time around, but for next time I am def. trying the fried green tomatoes.  They looked so good.  It appears that one could share an entree and order from one of their many interesting side dishes. My friend ordered the shrimp and grits.  I tried it and absolutely loved the texture - not too mushy not to grainy just perfect.  The sauce was very light and the shrimp seemed perfectly cooked. Definitively a dish you can share as well. I  tried the Blackberry Lemonade Cocktail ($8) they also feature on their website.  It had a nice tart flavor to it.  I topped it off with some blueberry  pie ($8) with corn ice cream.  The pie is served individual size in a cast iron mini-pan and freshly made. The blueberries tastes unlike any I have eaten recently.  Absolutely divine. I was intrigued because of the ice cream flavor but must say that you can hardly taste it is corn.  My friend ordered the banana pudding dessert, which looked really decadent. I almost wanted to eat hers. All in all, this place seems to be "the hit place" on SoBe right now.  All the locals come here and that is a great sign for me. I like it because it does not have the usual SoBe feel at all.  Certainly will be back...
The service was great the first time and then our next server was slow so when I asked some one else for help it was this whole big ordeal of that person had to find our person...kind of ridiculous but I love being in the place it has a wonderful feel to it and the manager was very friendly and easy to talk to.  The food is unique as well, some of the dishes are hard to eat...as the size was awkward....but very good and fresh!! Yay, I am a fan...the atmosphere and food are fun and unique that is why I gave it 4 stars...
Fantastic southern food and excellent service! Sunday and watermelon chicken were fantastic. Go there and you won't regret it!
We came here for a friends B-day and we all had an amazing experience! Food was fresh, service was quick, drinks were great!
When a restaurant has a ton of hype you tend to find yourself disappointed after the third bite. Yardbird does the unthinkable and leaves you not only satisfied but impressed and then wanting more. This is an excellent southern restaurant on Miami beach that blends southern flavors in a delicious and not too unconventional way that leaves your foodie and down home souls simultaneously thrilled. The casual atmosphere is fun and approachable- and the service is stellar, which in Miami means you should count your lucky stars. Mama's Chicken Biscuit and the Maple bacon donut are musts. The brisket sandwich and ham n eggs were incredible, even the pickled onions and fire roasted tomatoes were memorable. When you leave a restaurant remembering the tomatoes ...something miraculous just happened.
Definitely the coolest spot on the beach right now.....it's where the chefs go to eat! I've been twice and sat at the bar. The bar staff rocks and the drink prices are fair...just $5 for a craft draft (that's less than the Abbey next door, with no smoke and a lot more women!).    I have also had a few bourbon cocktails.  The hand shaved ice is a nice touch. The space is great and there is always a cool crowd.     They play loud blues music  and project an Elvis slideshow.   I've only had the short rib "meatloaf"  which was rich and delicious and definitely going to try the chicken and biscuits next. Welcome to the neighborhood!
Went back and had the sweet tea brined ribs and they were excellent. Mac and cheese was great again. Chicken/waffles/watermelon was just as great as always. Alligator sausage/brunswick stew was only meh. Still a great, great dining experience. Now if only it was a bit cheaper, I would eat there every weekend!
Love the atmosphere and design.  Really airy and bright.  Really friendly, down-to-earth staff.  Great quality fresh ingredients, although none of the dishes blew us away.  It's more fresh cuisine as opposed to southern cuisine.  It's still worth it to get the farm-freshiness.  Plus, they have bacon in their bloody mary's. That means something.
Awesomeness all around.  Deserves 5 stars for originality and hmmmm good food.  I normally hate white meat but this moist chicken on the waffle was amazing. I ate so much I only felt 25pct digested by the following morning even after a huge dump Bloody Mary spicy and must have Biscuits go get em Apple turnover was good but the fried chicken was the spotlight.   I will definitely be back
This place was so bomb! Prior to arriving to Miami I looked up several restaurants that I wanted to try while it town. This was at the top of my list and I was not disappointed. We made reservations for a Tuesday night and surprisingly it was pretty busy. Our server was really nice and great at suggesting different options. He explained that the food could be enjoyed family style and that's what we did. We ordered the fried chicken, cheddar waffle and it came with a side of watermelon. The food came out quickly and was delicious! I would definitely recommend this place when visiting Miami.
I thought long and hard about my #1900 milestone review. I wanted it to be special, and something amazing, but at the same time something that is not just an impossible place to get reservations or a dream. I want to dedicate this #1900 milestone to Yardbird Southern Table & Bar for truly outstanding food, drinks and above all, service. Of all of the restaurants that I've had a chance to visit in Miami, Jeff McInnis's southern inspired Yardbird really hit it home. It was an amazing place for so many reasons I don't even know where to start. It's shocking to find out that they had only been open for less than a year because the place runs flawlessly under the guidance of the head chef and there was no detail amiss. If you did not know, you would have definitely mistaken this place for a well oiled machine that's been cranking out solid southern cuisine for a long time. We had a reservation for Yardbird on a busy Thursday night but was able to move it easily by half an hour since we were coming back from a trip out to the Everglades. When we arrived, the hostess was friendly and promptly seated us despite the fact that some of our party was still finding parking in the area ... which is no small feat in Miami Beach these days. We were seated by the kitchen, and it was probably the best seat in the house. The menu is simple, not intimating although hard to choose because everything on there sounded amazing. The chicken biscuits are a must get, as well as the short rib. Their mac and cheese looked something out of a perfect cook book because it was cheesy, oozing and comes complete in a tiny little iron pot. They really know their chicken here and even though we got a hen dish since their chicken was out that day it was still top notch. Flavorful, juicy and well paired with flavors that I have yet to have even when I was in the south. Their biscuits are delicious, the fried green tomato BLT was crispy and unexpected and their watermelon dish was one of the most refreshing "desserts" I've had in a long time. The cocktails speak for themselves. This place has a killer bourbon selection and make some amazing bourbon drinks. Their bartenders know their stuff and the drinks come out in appropriate glasses which makes it even more fun. The chef really cares about presentation here and personally inspects each dish as they go out of the kitchen. Probably because it's a new restaurant but the added detail is a nice touch seldom found in other places. The chef is friendly, and definitely goes out to seek the opinions of diners to see how they felt the food was and what their experience was. Their waiters and waitresses are equally friendly, very on top of things and display a kind of genuine interest that's also hard to find in most places. The chef saw that I lugged my giant DSLR with me and was more than happy to give me opportunities to take photos of the food, the kitchen, and him! Yardbird was an amazing time for us, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who's looking for a solid meal and a fantastic atmosphere in Miami Beach.
My New favorite place!  The Food is Served family style, and it is delicious!! Wonderful fresh southern comfort food. Fantastic service great atmosphere!
Back again for a quick update... recent dinner at Yardbird was fantastic (the BLT is truly the standout on the menu, a wild boar special was also great) and the wrinkles we experienced in service/pacing have been ironed out well. Another great meal (though the desserts were a bit less inspired)... but I stand solidly by Yardbird being one of the top 5 tables in Miami. Your game plan should be:  cocktails, cocktails, apps (BLT, deviled eggs), fried chicken, and then more cocktails.
First off stay away from the cocktails. They are super strong and will kill you palate for the meal. I won't knock the place for it because honestly I should have known better. We started with this pork belly fried green tomato Blt and honestly it was really good. It had pimento cheese which I usually avoid but it worked so well with the dish. We had the fried chicken for our dish split two ways and had the French fries and Mac and cheese fixins. I loved the fried chicken. It's very obviously marinated before flying as the chicken itself had an amazing flavor both white and dark meat. The fries were great and came topped with bacon. I didn't partake in the Mac and cheese but my wife said it was really good. I would strongly suggest checkin this place out for food but not for drinks.
I'm not a southern food fan, but this is a decent place to go for a group willing to share plates and explore different plates.  Service was excellent and waitress Stephanie was very accommodating and sweet.  Kudos for that!  Price is reasonable if you come with a large group willing to share, but I wouldn't come here to order one item alone as you'll leave empty and most likely not as satisfied (ie food is good, but nothing spectacular) as what you'd expect for the cost.  Here's what we had: Tomato BLT: good, one of my favorite items but the bacon was a tad too chewy for my likings Corn: mehh, bland Biscuits: highlight of the meal. Omg these melt in your mouth. Mac: solid. Typical Mac. Meat loaf: interesting texture. Not your typical meat loaf. Didn't stand out Fried chicken and waffles: exactly what it is. You can't really screw up these items.  Syrup was delish though, a spicy sweet concoction that blended perfectly with the meal Dessert: s'mores brownie thing. This was delish. Overall, I'd come back if someone suggests it, but it isn't on the top of my lists and my curiosity was fulfilled with one visit.
Eating at Yardbird will transport you far, far from Miami - and the delicious aroma of the food will hit you so hard, your mouth will automatically begin to water, making you feel as if you should pay for the olfactory experience. Order the Mama's Chicken Biscuits. Yes, I know there's a fried chicken platter... but this gives you the juicy chicken (without having to deal with the bones), PLUS the amazing biscuits... and if you're that hungry, just don't share!   There are so many amazing dishes - that we opted for ordering several small dishes, instead of main platters. Along with the chicken biscuits... Mac and cheese, little bit of "meat loaf", grilled corn and while looking over the dessert menu... also sprung for the grits (with cheese and corn!)... along with the apple pie.  All of these dishes were just the right amount for the two of us. Lots of drink choices - ordered the Black Bourbon Lemonade, the Southern Peach (which comes in a charming mason jar), and The Porkchop - which despite having mustard in it, was delicious. The service was exceptional.  Our server was great at recommending items, telling us about all the dishes, and was very warm. Heck, even the bathroom is amazing.  Like walking into a Southern Living magazine spread, with a modern twist. Can't wait to go back. Still daydreaming about my first visit.
Best meal we had in 4 nights in Miami Beach, hands down. Service was fabulous, with even a few tips thrown in about the best spots to see while on our trip to the area (and the place was packed with our waiter handling a 12 top table on top of 3 or 4 more and he still gave us 100% attention). Had a blackberry lemonade bourbon to start, so so good. I wish we would have stayed longer so I could have tried another variation (or two). The grilled farm cheese on the heirloom tomatoes, to die for. Shrimp and grits were really good with a lot of flavors in the sauce/ beer reduction, hearty dish. Chicken under a brick my mother raved about. To be honest, I enjoyed the veggies that had soaked up the reduction under the chicken, especially the okra, a bit more.   Sure wish we would have had room to try dessert. Excellent meal, we regret not going there twice on our trip. Would recommend reservations if you can.
My boyfriend and I went here the weekend after it opened and loved it! I had the fried chicken with watermelon, waffles and spicy honey sauce. It was absolutely delicious. The chicken was so moist and crispy. My boyfriend had the meatloaf, which isn't really meatloaf, and it was okay. His portion was very small. He also got a side of mac & cheese which was super creamy and flavorful. I also got the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade. It was so fresh and yummy. The bourbon made it so warm. The bar is AMAZING. It's filled with fresh fruit like blackberries and rasberries, jars of fresh herbs & spices. They make the most unique cocktails. I can't wait to go again to try the ribs, fried green tomatoes & the southern peach tea cocktail. Oh also the staff treats you really well. There's a british lady that works up front who is just super sweet. I gave this place 4 stars so far. I still have lots of other things to try there before I can dish out a 5 star rating. Update!: After going back to Yardbird for brunch I will upgrade to 5 stars! I had the fried chicken biscuits & the pancakes. Oooohh the pancakes. In the top 2 of the best I've had ever. Their pancakes are so soft, fluffy &.......silky. Yes silky. I don't know how they do it, but they're amazing. So simple & perfect. They don't get soggy from syrup & they're not doughy or crumbly. I had 2 blackberry Bourbon lemonades. I just can't get enough of that drink. Keep up the great work Yardbird.
Yardbird has its own take on Southern food which I would say i'm not in love with. If you expect real down home soul food, skip it and go to cracker barrel. if you want more of a "pioneer woman" chic picnic experience paired with a specialty cocktail, check out yardbird. I know more people that love this restaurant than not, but it personally wasn't by favorite.
I adore this place, so much. The fried chicken and waffles with watermelon is perfection. It's a must for everyone to try. The shrimp and grits is good, though the sauce is a tad salty but the grits themselves are excellent. Also love the mac and cheese and biscuits. This is southern food at its best.
How on earth could this place have only 3.5 stars!  First of all, when you walk in - the decor is just fabulous!  I love that "barn" type look and the attention to detail is amazing.  Even the bathrooms look like they came right out of a catalog! The feel is definitely upscale "southern" yet casual - if that makes any sense, lol.  Note, on Saturdays & Sundays during the day they only serve from the brunch menu not the lunch menu like they do Mon-Fri.  The service was great from the start, which is impressive since I'm known for getting bad service everywhere I go.  This was a breath of fresh air!  We ordered the Mama's Chicken & Biscuits, the Short Rib Sandwich, and a side of grits.  OH....MAH...LAHD!!!  Holy heavenly carb load!  The chicken & biscuits was the most delicious thing I have had in a long time.  Delicious biscuits with juicy fried chicken inside smothered in some sort of pepper jelly.  I could have had two of those! Moving on to the sandwich, it was OH SO TASTY!  The chickn & biscuits was better, but this was just chock full of flavor as well.  Served with buttery thick country bread and a side of tomato jelly - it was the perfect lunch sandwich!  Now on to the grits, I have NEVER had grits like this!  Loaded with cheese oozing over the bowl.  Please order this!  You won't regret it! Just make sure you give yourself time for a nap after this meal - I literally could not keep my eyes open on the way home.
We were lucky enough to get a same day reservation to this new fab hot spot while traveling in Miami last month.  From the moment we arrived, I felt it would be good. The bourbon selection at the bar was fantastic and the bartenders were friendly and helpful. Our server was incredibly knowledgeable, funny, and absolutely top notch! As a resident of NC, I was cautiously optimistic about it being Southern food in Miami. Instead, the food blew my mind and taste buds! I highly recommend the charcuterie plate. It was outstanding and an amazing value. Elsewhere, you would pay 2-3 times for the same quality food. We also tried the shrimp & grits and were pleasantly surprised. Many restaurants in our home state of NC claim this dish as their own.  Chef Jeff McInnis shows them how its done.   From start to finish, Yardbird was fantastic and fun!  We will be back on our next trip to Miami.
This restaurant had a nice ambience. The chairs at the high tables were uncomfortable due to being a little flimsy. I tried the yardbird s'more and it was not as good as I thought it would be. The dessert looks appealing but lacks taste. The fries were pretty tasty. If you like bourbon you will like the Southern Peach tea which is very strong. We tried to get it mixed with another liquor but they were unable to do it. The server was nice but I was not impressed with this restaurant.
Yardbird was truly a southern gem. The ambiance of the restaurant felt so charming and warm. Beautiful decorations all over the place. Service was excellent. Great explainations of drinks and dishes. Great teamwork with the staff. Drinks are stiff. But oh so delicious. I wish I had an IV hookup for the blackberry lemonade. *note they have a ridiculous amount of various bourbons and whiskies. Awesome. We ordered the buttermilk biscuits (served with brown sugar butter and apple jam), BLT (fried green tomato, tomato jam, porkbelly bacon, frisee, and pimento cheese), fried chicken with spiced chilled watermelon and cheddar waffle and tomato chow chow, mac n cheese, and banana cream pie.   I had such a wonderful dining experience from beginning to end. These folks really know what they're doing with this restaurant and do it well. I will come here again and again and again. Coming from Los Angeles, we have nothing lile this. Yardbird, will you please make a home in Los Angeles? I know Vegas is coming but LA welcomes you as well. Thanks for making great food and providing excellent service. Amazing!
Luckily I went with a hungry, adventurous group so I got to try a lot of things on the menu... Don't miss: Fried Green Tomato BLT - Such vegetable yet much bacon at the same time 10/10 would eat again. Bone Marrow - So rich and buttery, served with crusty bread and onion jam. Chicken, Watermelon, Waffles - I saw a table near me have their chicken and waffles taken away after barely touching it all. I audibly gasped at the depravity. Shrimp n Grits - Creamy grits, savory sauce, generous amount of shrimp. Banana Cream Pie - This blew my mind. This was the first time I've had banana cream pie so keep in mind that I have no frame of reference, but Yardbird made me a fan. BCP 4 ever. Pretty good: Frog Legs - Surprisingly meaty and coated with a sweet sauce. Pan-Fried North Carolina Trout - A big serving trout in a frothy, delicious broth. The spinach was really good, too. Peanut Butter and Chocolate Sundae - You can't go wrong if your dessert includes the words peanut butter, chocolate, and sundae simultaneously. Meh: Deviled Eggs - I don't know what the big deal is with deviled eggs. They taste like ordinary eggs to me (because I have an unrefined palate, obvs) but my friends liked them. A+ for hard boiled eggs. Fried Bread + Butter Pickle Spears - Not too special compared to everything else we had, but the sauce was super tangy and interesting. Crunch n Munch Bread Pudding - So sugary it reminded me of Halloweens past, which basically means that this tastes like M&Ms and toothaches. Fortunately for your stomach, practically everything at Yardbird is delicious. Even the things I liked the least, I would eat again in a heartbeat. Unfortunately for your wallet, shit's expensive.
As with dating, diets and dye jobs, setting expectations too high can ruin a first-time dining experience. But with the media coverage, local buzz and covetable location -- I walked into Yardbird expecting to swoon. Thankfully, I did. We (a fellow self proclaimed foodie and I) were instantly enamored with the inviting, stylish space. It's as though you were visiting the home of your good ol' Southern aunt, who just happens to have impeccable taste. The staff also won us over immediately. Seating was prompt and the wait staff well educated on the menu offerings and libations. I tested their bourbon expertise against an avid bourbon drinker, who confirmed their recommendations were all on point.   Now, the real reason for this rating... The food. Order everything with grits. Just do it. You can thank me later. For Dinner: The Shrimp and Grits (::sigh:: those grits), The Fried Chicken, Fried Green Tomato BLT and Mama's Chicken Biscuits have yet to disappoint. A surprise favorite: The Melons & Cheese --The grilled farm cheese and fresh melon was the perfect balance to our heartier dishes. For Brunch: Order the Bloody Mary. And then call a taxi, because you'll want to slurp down at least three of them. And then, ask for the Eggs & Ham -- Perfectly prepared duck eggs and country ham sitting on a bed of (yes, again) grits. In summation, forget your New Year resolution to starve and deprive yourself (let's face it, any commitment to that will have dissipated by February anyways) and make a reservation here. It's one of the few South Beach eateries worth expanding your waistline.
pork belly, pork belly, PORK BELLY, friend chicken, watermelon, OH MAN!! This restaurant is delicious, eat here or regret never eating here!
We decided to stop in just for drinks. Partially because it was crowded and beyond, partially because oh long story.... We ordered up the Blackberry Lemonade and a Southern Peach. Totally reasonably priced($8) for the Lincoln Road area. They were totally delicious. I wish I had one with me right now to sip on. Ohhh also important, really adorable, friendly, bartenders. They make really good drinks so put on something cute and go find out!
After reading the reviews and listening to the hype about this place...I tried it and was so disappointed. The service was good and the menu was interesting. The food...kinda salty and not really appetizing. The cocktail drinks were refreshing and different but the food lacked. After leaving, we had to go somewhere else to finish eating :(
Delicious food. Excellent cocktails. Had the Yardbird chicken sandwich. It was tasty but hard to eat. The deviled eggs and fried green tomatoes were excellent.
This is to follow up my previous review.  I had Sunday brunch here.  I ordered a Bloody Mary to start things off.  First it comes with a Bacon strip, love it already.  I am not sure what they put in their recipe but it tastes amazing.  My only contention is I would love it in a pint glass. I shared an app of the pumpkin biegnets.  These were perfect served in a small skillet with jam and fresh hand made whipped heavy cream.   I then moved onto the Benedict. House cured bacon on a fresh home made biscuit.   It was perfect. I was truly impressed with Yardbird.  The staff was so friendly.  LET ME REPEAT THAT. THE STAFF WAS SO FRIENDLY.  The reoccurring theme here is hand-made everything and BACON.  Yardbird has gone the extra step and ha paid attention to the small details.  That is what sets this place apart from the other rabble that Miami has to offer.
Our first impression: A bit overpriced and underwhelming.  Could've been an off night... The chicken wings were great! Sadly, almost everything else was pretty ho-hum.  The biggest offender was the steak. It was veeeeeery pricey for the quality of the dish. It was a bit bland and tougher than it should have been for medium rare. The stuff I recently had at some generic steakhouse chain (Longhorn I think?) was seriously twice as good for half the price. I honestly don't want to belabor the price too much. I saw it on the menu and still ordered the dish, trusting it would be worth it. But it didn't even come close. The brussels sprouts served with it were mushy and a bit cold as well. I'm sorry that I'm making this so much about the steak, but it really was the most memorable thing about our dinner. We had a handful of things and they were all decent (though not particularly earth-shattering), but this is what we mostly remember about being here. We'll likely give it another chance.
The way I review it is if you are better value for money in all criteria, then you have 5 star. If you are value for money but good - 4 stars, if you are A-OK then A-OK. Great Southern Food in SOBE This place is value for the money good but the place had a Great ambiance, Social Crowd, Exceptional Service, Great decor. Good food. Beware of salt tho. Some stuff is super salty We had the chicken biscuits, mango salad, the shrimp and grits and ribs and washed it down with a malbec. The biscuits, and ribs were exceptional. The salad was very good The shrimp and grits were TOO SALTY for me but the server was great they checked on us and took it back and were very understanding and replaced it with the ribs. That is what I expect in my dining experience so I will definitely be back. Requires reservation
I need to get this out there right off the bat...I LOVE YARDBIRD.  There, now that we have that out of the way let's move on to more important matters.  Between the food, drinks, and stellar service, Yardbird is perfect in every way. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation because of traffic so we had to wait a few minutes for our table to be ready, but we had zero reason to complain.  We passed the short time at the bar enjoying delicious cocktails.  Specifically, the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade and The Porkchop.  If I had 4 more hours and an extra liver (or five) I would've given all of their original cocktails a try. From the second we sat down to the ten minutes it took us to roll ourselves out the door, Abraham kept us happy by bringing out our amazing food quickly and making us feel like we were visiting an old friend for dinner. Now, because the food is served family style I'll just list everything we ordered and tell you my favorite dish and how good they all are.  Here it goes: Mama's Chicken & Biscuits, Mac & Cheese, Fried Green Tomato BLT, Ribs, a side order of biscuits, and Fried Chicken with Watermelon & Waffles.  Out of all of these my favorite would have to be...Mama's Chicken & Biscuits, Mac & Cheese, Fried Green Tomato BLT, Ribs, a side order of biscuits, and Fried Chicken with Watermelon & Waffles.  Oops. My favorite dishes at Yardbird change every time I go because they are all just that good.  I recommend you go and come up with your own favorites.  Then go back the next night and do it again!  You're welcome.
I don't easily give the five star but this lunch was executed to perfection! We tried the chicken and waffle with fried green tomatoes. We topped it off with mimosas. Server was knowledgable about menu and taste. One portion easily served two. We arrived early around 11:30 at open. But there was no lag of service. Food served when available. Love the location also! Right off the Lincoln strip. Very impressed and definitely a repeat visit in order!
My hubby and I went to Yardbird for a networking lunch with a colleague (she's not a rookie!). I had wanted to go there for a while after hearing so many good things about it and I having eaten at Gigi's when Chef McInnis was the executive chef there.  His food at Yardbird did not disappoint. We started with the Buttermilk Biscuits with honey butter and seasonal house jam.  Mmmmm...those were the best biscuits I ever had in my entire life. And that is coming from someone who lived in the south for a while!  They are old fashion, home style, crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the inside. Yummy!  I have to confess that we left two biscuits on the table and I haven't been able to stop thinking about them :(  If you go there you must try the biscuits, they will blow you away! We then had the Kale Salad, which comes with cheddar cheese, crisp fresh apples, cornbread croutons, moonshine raisins, and cider vinegar.  If you like kale, this is the way to go. I, however, had a different target in mind, i.e. the fried green tomato BLT that was placed in front of me. I loved the Fried Green Tomato BLT. In fact, I think I might have eaten the tree pieces before the other people at the table could get to them (ha! rookies!). They were sooo good. What can I say? It's fried food :) You can never go wrong with that. And speaking of fried food, we also had the Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken Blue Plate Special which comes with citrus pepper watermelon, cheddar waffles and tabasco maple syrup.  I was very concerned about this because I am not a big fan of fried chicken, but this chicken was just perfect.  Moist, crispy, tender and the batter was almost non-existent.  This is a must if you go there, even if you don't have anything else. Absolutely perfect.   What came first, the chicken or the egg? We have the answer, it was the chicken, because after that we got deviled eggs :) They come with fresh dill and "redneck caviar" smoked trout roe.  These are not found in your average picnic basket Yogi! They are spicy and savory, very unusual, but very tasty. We also had the cream of calabaza soup and the grilled endive salad, which were just okay. For the most important food group: Dessert, we had the peach cobbler with home made pecan ice cream. Wow, what a great way to end this meal. The peach cobbler was steamy and it's served in the iron cast that it's baked in.  The ice cream just slowly melted in a perfectly coordinated balance with the cobbler. One of the nicest things of the meal was the impeccable service and care that we were given (even though they were slightly concerned when they saw the enormous amount of food that we were ordering). It was a great meal and I can't wait to go back
fantastic food. great service. drinks were refreshing and strong. can we talk about that honey tobasco fried chicken though?! this place definitely lived up to the reviews. we will visit again!  oh - kids are welcome, but they don't have high chairs
There are only a handful of restaurants you should consider eating on or near Lincoln Road,  unless of course you are in the mood for mall food court type food.  I would place Yardbird at probably number 1 or 2.  Fun and delicious menu,  great beer and ambiance and get this,  really good service.  This is as close to Savannah as you are going to get here in South Florida.
One word: AAHHHH-MAZING. My husband and I split the chicken n watermelon n waffles. Just became the new standard for chicken n waffles. Chicken was so juicy and delicious, and the waffles? Like dessert. So freaking good. We also got a side of biscuits. YUM!! Annnddd for dessert we had their pumpkin pie in a jar. So good!! Just sweet enough and paired well with a black coffee. Five stars ALL THE WAY! Oh! And our sever, Vivian, was bad ass!!
Hawt diggity dawg....if you only ever have one Mint Julep in your life, wait till you have the chance to have it here.  Belly up to the small bar and watch the master's work their magic by hand grinding the ice, mixing your brew and serving it up in a traditional "silver" julep cup whereupon the condensation freezes to ice on the outside and you can practically HEAR the thunder of hooves with your first sip.  Sit back and people watch in this very bustling GEM of an eatery. What a good vibe in this place!!
Fried Chicken with Waffles + Fries covered in Bacon + Short Rib Sandwich + Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Banana Bread =  1 of the most satisfying and delicious meals I have ever eaten, ever. Granted that is enough food for probably 3-4 people, but still, it was incredible. - The Fried Chicken is awesome. It comes with FOUR generous pieces of delicious chicken, as well as one of the best waffles I've ever had in a chicken & waffles dish (so sweet and chewy), and also a heap of watermelon, which is a surprisingly welcome addition for some refreshment to cut through all that oil and fried goodness. - The Fries with "Bacon Salt" are some of the best fries I've ever had. The "Bacon Salt" refers to an extremely liberal amount of chopped up bacon sprinkled all over the fries. The fries themselves were amazingly crispy and hot and addictive. It also comes with some addictive dipping sauce of some sort, also with bacon sprinkled on top. There is an insane amount of bacon going on, just look at what was left once we finished off the fries (yelp.com/user_local_phot…). I would've eaten all that up if I wasn't insanely full. - Slow Braised Short Rib Sandwich: one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. This was seriously amazing: the bread was grilled and nice and hot and crispy. The meat was so soft and so juicy, and the cheese was melted and gooey and perfect. So good. You must order this when you come here. - Lastly, we also had the Hunka, Hunka Banana Bread (Peanut Butter Banana Bread with Chocolate Chunks). This, much like everything else already described at this place, was again amazing. It came with some chocolately butter spread of some sort, that just made this moist, rich, peanut buttery bread even better somehow. This again is a must order when you come, which you definitely must. Aside from the food, the service is really great too, and the whole vibe of the place is a nice trendy atmosphere that makes you feel like you are cool for being there (or not cool enough to be there). I wish I wasn't visiting for vacation, otherwise I would have definitely come back again and again to try some more of the amazing food on the menu. And I would finish all that bacon next time, too.
Great drinks and food? In my opinion, this restaurants is excellent and very consistent and I was happy with the quality. The servers are always very professional, and I enjoy to being served by them. I will be coming back here again and highly recommend that you take this restaurant into consideration for your next meal out.
My thoughts are fairly consistent with the previous reviews, good food with portions that could either be bigger or prices could be lower.  We went for a sunday brunch and tried the majority of the dishes.   The chicken biscuits are killer and you'll never want to try another.  The thick cut bacon on the eggs is salty and heavenly.  Do yourself a favor and order a blood mary as well, it's packed with spice, veggies and bacon.
Wow! I loved it! Went for brunch on a saturday afternoon. I went on a double date with my close friends and we shared two meals. My husband shared the chicken and waffles with my friend, a hearty portion of chicken with waffles and a side of corn bread and I shared the steak and eggs with a side of mac and cheese. I ordered the pumpkin beer that was recommended and hubby the blackberry lemonade. We were super stuffed and could not try any desserts. I would love to return to south beach and try other dishes! Service was excellent even though it was crazy busy, I highly recommend.
This place never seems to disappoint! The chicken is fried perfectly and all of the dishes are made from scratch. The decor is beautiful and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody. Just make sure you have a reservation if you are going for brunch.
I visited Yardbird for brunch today. The food was a little pricey but it was great! I had the eggs & ham and it was pretty good. My friend had a drink with watermelon juice in it & it was quite refreshing (i tasted it)!! I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. The service was outstanding!
Overall the most impressive and best restaurant I have ever been to in my life.  Why do I say that you ask?  After all, it is not like they serve overwhelmingly high end fair.  But they have found a way to make southern food fairly high end.  The totality of the concept they have created, is overwhelmingly impressive.  No detail is left unturned.  From the menu, bathroom, décor, serving method, food, seating, bar menu, kitchen.  They thought of everything. I came to Yardbird on recommendation from my sister who is an amazing chef and very critical of places so I knew that it must be good.  Me and my gf were on vacation on South Beach and walked here from our hotel.  Upon sitting down, I was amazed at the design of the place.  It has an open kitchen, wooden furniture, great wall pieces, and much more.  My review is not doing the design of the place justice, but they took fine southern dining to a whole new level.  The drink menu is leather bound and the drinks seemed very impressive.  I saw some on other patrons tables and they looked delicious but I wasn't drinking.  I did get an Arnold Palmer and it was delicious. Looking at the menu, it was hard to pick what we wanted.  I heard they had an excellent chicken sandwich.  My gf and I decided to split it along with some other things.  I got the bacon on the side as she doesn't eat bacon.  The sandwich was amazing.  I could eat it all day.  Delicious chicken, delicious roll,   Dipped it in ranch.  Also came with onions, pickles, tomatoes, and lettuce.  It was perfect.  The bacon was homemade bacon out of thick pieces of pork and was out of this world.  We also got the French fries which were awesome as well and the buttermilk sauce was the perfect compliment to them.  I also wanted to get the fried green tomato blt as they looked amazing but my girlfriend doesn't eat pork so we decided to pass on them so we could get the main event, chicken and waffles. It came with 4 big pieces of amazing delicious fried chicken.  A breast, thigh, leg, and wing.  It also came with homemade bourbon maple syrup and hot sauce honey and cheddar cheese waffles.  But that is not all, it came with pieces of chilled spice watermelon as well.  It was magnificent.  Best fried chicken I have ever had and when it was over I was completely full and satisfied.  When I went to the bathroom, I was overwhelmed again by how nice even the bathrooms were.  It had these beautiful wooden doors in it and were so clean and well decorated.  I left feeling like this is a place that needs to expand to new cities.  Hopefully they put one in LA soon, as this is a restaurant that needs to be celebrated and enjoyed by the masses.
I visited Yardbird recently, after months of hearing about it.  I had been dying to try it and my husband took me for a surprise dinner with all my friends.  When we arrived, I was immediately stimulated by the southern decor.  I loved the sayings written in the paintings of the pig, rooster and bottles on the wall.. and all the wood really gave it the "modern barn" feel.  I realized as we stood at the hostess stand, that we did not have a reservation, but somehow, my husband convinced the not-so-friendly girls to seat a party of 15.  We were in our table in less than 20 minutes.  Our waitress, Ximena, explained all the dishes to us and made sure to answer any questions about the menu.  Some of the party arrived at later times and she was very accommodating to them as well.  I started the night with the Southern Revival.  I love almost any drink with passion fruit, and this was no exception.  Delish! For the appetizer, we had Mama's chicken biscuits... This was, hands-down, the best part of the meal.  The chicken was perfection, and the jelly was a perfect compliment to the flavor.  For an entree, we tried the Southern Ribs with a side of macaroni & cheese.  This was all delicious as well, but not as amazing as the biscuits.  The most disappointing part of the meal was the dessert.  Our waitress asked if we were chocolate fans and suggested we try the chocolate pie.  I did not like it at all! It came with a scoop of coffee ice cream, which only made it worse.  I would visit Yardbird again... but I'll be skipping the dessert.
This Pollo will make you go Loco! This is the best chicken I have ever had in my life. If there was a six star option, this place would be my first six. Walking into this place the first thing you would say is how can a place like this be in the middle of South Beach? Once you walk in, you'll know why right away. The place is nice and bright. It has plenty of seating with large tables which are perfect for small or large groups. Not so sure for date night unless your date has a really really big appetite. There will be leftovers (deep voice). The blues and guitar folk music sets the vibe and believe or not, you'll find yourself singing along. Drinks; I started off with their signature drink "Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade" but I did a boo boo. I asked if they can sub the bourbon with vodka because I was worried about a bourbon hangover. It was really good, but I had to order another drink the way it's supposed to be served. Let's just say I was feeling real good. Ok, let's talk grub; Started off with Mama's Chicken Biscuits. Wowsy! I made the mistake by asking if they have gravy for the biscuits, duh. Waitress; "no gravy required." The butter milk biscuit melted in my mouth. The chicken was glazed with pepper jelly that was amazeballs. Then came Lewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken which is a "27 hour" recipe. Huge portion. Now here's the trick. Order the Big Ol Cheddar Wafffle, and wahlaa! You now have the best ever chicken and waffle combo in the world that's topped off by their bourbon maple syrup. Hold up. Add a pile of the ever so scrumptious St Louis Style Pork Ribs and you'll be salivating with the first taste of the house BBQ sauce. Then came the sweet treats. Now I'm not a big fan of Key Lime Pie, but they had these balls that were called Key Lime Donut Bites. They were gone at first bite. Triple yummy. Also tried the Banana Cream Pie that was another winner. Overall it was one of the best experiences I have ever had at a restaurant and I can't wait to go back and get plumped.
On my trip to Miami for a girls getaway, I was basically in charge of making reservations at restaurants in Miami. I've heard such good things about Yardbird and they take ressies on opentable! Perfect. We arrived late, per usual, but there wasn't an issue about getting seated. We were however seated at these high tables and we kept on dropping our silverware. Since we were a group of 10, we ordered a bunch of stuff and just shared/doubled the order size. I think their menu changes throughout the seasons but when I went they had this amazing kale salad. We also got the chicken and watermelon and waffles, pork ribs, and shrimp and grits. Everything was amazing. Some seriously southern cooking!! There were no thoughts of calories that night as we just consumed EVERYTHING that was brought out!! Definitely worth a visit if you're in Miami!
Oh Yardbird... how the hype was built up for your Southern Table & Bar... what a disappointment. I was so INCREDIBLY excited that a southern style restaurant finally made its way down to my neighborhood. I'm originally from Texas, and boy do I miss that type of good, wholesome, homestyle, straight-outcha-mama's-old-school-oven food. Figured Yardbird would fill my void since the last time I was in Houston... But when: The biscuits taste and feel like chalk in your mouth (trust me, that's no party)... The ribs arrive pulled apart for you (WHAT? where's my rack?! like a real southern girl would eat 'em!), tiny and oversauced... The fried chicken and waffles are either cold or luke warm (perhaps microwaved... again, WHAT?!)... The fried green tomato BLT is, well, boring (despite the teaspoon of tobasco jam next to it)... The mac n cheese comes out luke warm and lacks a friendly taste I like to call 'flavor'... The shrimp and grits come with overcooked shrimp and grits that have the consistency of play-dough... The alligator sausage stew has cold peas floating around... It gets you thinking... 'Honey, we're definitley not in Kansas anymore"... in fact, we never even made it out of Miami. Their website is runchickenrun.com... After my visit, I thought it was rather befitting... so yes, PLEASE RUN, LITTLE CHICKEN, RUN. I felt bad, because out of four people and 8+ dishes off the menu (some which I did not mention), not a single palate was satisfied. The apologetic manager asked us to leave our names with the hostess so that should we return, our meal (or part of it) would be on the house. A generous offer, really... I must say the customer service was excellent... if only they could get the food to be that good. Perhaps it'll do well for people who don't know what southern food is... or what good food is in general... who knows. But the drinks were good.
WOO!  Best chicken and waffles I ever had.  Seriously, the decor and atmosphere feels very upscale yet the people are so inviting and friendly.  It was very busy yet the wait staff were very attentive.  Please try the chicken and waffles if you are here.  Also the bourbon was very delicious as well.
Believe the hype. This is a brunch review. We did a bit if research and all signs - best drinks, best brunches, all star chef - point to Yardbird. It appears kind of in the middle of nowhere but it's a great spot, wood abound, homey lighting  made with jars, high boys, round booths, tables and outdoor seating. The menu for brunch is on a thin piece of paper with the drink menu provided in a flappy, soft leather bound set of pages. The service was very warm and helpful despite being so busy. We ordered the Bloody Mary (garnished with bacon) and the Kick in the Pants (jalapeño, mango and bourbon). Both were excellent and very well made. Ordered the fried chicken, cheddar waffles and watermelon for 36 dollars and my wife ordered the special omelette - ham, cheddar and a bisquit and fruit salad. First the chicken is amazing and it's true what they say. At first I was a little disappointed because the biggest piece was actually a little dry. The smaller pieces were perfect - crisp on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. The spicy bourbon sauce served with it was excellent with just enough heat. The waffles, oh the waffles! Soooo good. Maple bourbon syrup and the chow chow make for a damn near immaculate waffle. The watermelon is refreshing. My wife's omelette was terrific but not the star of that plate. The bisquit rocked! Slather on the honey butter and enjoy. My favorite bisquit is still from Brooklyn Star in Williamsburg but not a bad second place. Finally we had the house cured bacon - crisp and full of flavor. Tender inside and meaty and oh so crisp and crunch on the outside. I was look  forward to this meal and was not disappointed. If I had to change one thing I would have made the biscuit steaming hot and would have supplanted the huge chicken piece with a smaller juicier one. In addition I probably would have ordered something other than the omelette since there were so many amazing things in the menu.
Fried green tomato BLT appetizer was MIND BLOWING! Julian was a fabulous server and the waffles were Delicious! Chef Kevin is amazing...
Yardbird Southern Table & Bar is an upscale restaurant that is focused on Southern cuisine.  The exposed brick walls, wooden beams, oversized tables, and wooden chairs really capture the rustic feel to the place.  When my friend and I arrived on a Friday night, it was still really busy (over a 45 minute wait.) Upon getting seated, we were given some menus and water.  Our waitress greeted us shortly and gave a little description of some of their more popular entrees and their specials.  She also informed us the portions here lean on the larger side and would be a good idea if we shared.  We decided to try the: Fried Green Tomato BLT: pork belly, greens, tomato jam, and house-made pimento cheese.  These resembles an open face BLT sandwich, but with green tomatoes instead of bread.  I enjoyed the extra crunch the fried green tomatoes gave off and all the flavors worked really well with each other.  The house-made pimento cheese was divine, creamy and gooey goodness. Chicken n' Watermelon n' Waffles: fried chicken served with honey hot sauce, chilled spiced watermelon, and cheddar cheese waffle with bourbon maple syrup.  The star of this entrée was the waffles.  I'm not sure what they cooked it in, but the waffles were full of flavor and fluffy on the inside with a crispy exterior.  The fried chicken was also pretty damn good, juicy with crunchy skin.  The only disappointment was the watermelon.  I was expecting some cool and refreshing fruit, but got some room temperature ones instead.  YUCK! Overall, the experience here was great.  I never would expect Southern cuisine to have an upscale option, but Yardbird did it just right.  They offer delicious traditional type southern food with a modern twist.  Like other Yelpers stated, definitely worth the wait and the hype.
When I read all of the wonderful reviews on Yelp! I couldn't wait to dig my teeth into some delicious ribs and mac and cheese.  When my wife suggested we swing by on a Sunday for lunch I almost peed on myself with excitement. Much to my dismay when we arrived they were serving a BRUNCH menu only which was missing both of the items I wanted to eat.... WTF!!!  I pouted like a little kid as obviously I was going to have to wait to try my culinary wet dream. We decided to try the Mama's Chicken Biscuits, Shortrib Sandwich, and the Smoked Pulled Chicken Sandwich.  Just like that, I was in Lionel Playworld and I turned that "frown upside down".   The Biscuits were simply delicious - perfectly fried chicken with a huge kick of flavor from the pepper jelly.  I thought my wife's Chicken sandwich was the best chicken salad I have had - the huge pecans were awesome.  My wife loved my short rib sandwich. Little did I know that the best part was yet to come - they were able to whip up a batch of mac n cheese for me although it was not on the Brunch menu - with Chef Jeff McInnis bringing it personally over to our table.  We chatted up a bit and he asked how everything was.  Very cool dude, and even cooler of him to make some mac n cheese for us.   Speaking of the Mac n Cheese.  ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING???  I have no idea what Grayson, VA cheese is but it must be some kind of drug covered in a delicious crunchy herb crust.  Some of the best Mac & Cheese I have ever had. Overall, we had a great meal although the Brunch menu wasn't what I was expecting.  I was surprised to see the Chicken and waffles cost $26.  A little steep if you've had the real thing in Georgia for $8.  Also, there is no kids menu here so if you have a picky eater leave the little ones at home. I cannot wait to come here for Dinner and try the ribs and other treats at Yardbird - which I am sure will be a 5 star experience.
Good stuff but really proud of fried chicken as in $26. But place was packed so pope like it. You want any southern food go to the south.
Awesome Po Boy!!!!!! Wife said Grits were good but not the best she has had. Overall we are glad we had lunch here. It's a nice change from all of the overpriced tourist traps. Worth a try.
Super disorganized. We were put on the wait-list around 6:15 pm and were told that it was about a 30-40 minute wait and we would receive a text when our table was ready. It's now 1:00 AM and we're still waiting for that text. Thankfully we ate somewhere else about six hours ago, but seriously? So unprofessional.
Gréât Time, gréât service, gréât Food, loved frog legs and thé pâtés Difficult to order Wine when thé Wine maker is highlighted instead of thé Wine name ( i.e: it is pouilly fume not louis latour) Deffinetly be back!!!
Believe the Hype! Stopped in for lunch yesterday by myself between business appointments on the beach. I've been reading about Yardbird for awhile now, and have been dying for an opportunity to come in and try it for myself. The menu is the perfect blend between creative and one-of-a-kind dishes with interesting cocktails to match.  I'm not sure if the dinner prices vary from the lunch prices, but I thought the whole menu looked incredibly reasonable. I perused the menu for a good 10 minutes not being able to decide between the Yardbird Chef Salad (Healthy Option), Shrimp n' Grits (Interesting Option) and the Fried Chicken (Guilty Pleasure).  I asked my server and with his help, in addition to the surrounding tables of regulars dining nearby, I was able to narrow it down to the Shrimp n' Grits or the Fried Chicken.  Their offerings really are SO good that I still couldn't decide between the two so I left the decision up to my server, Donnell, and asked him to surprise me. My surprise turned out to be the Shrimp n' Grits, which Donnell so fittingly described as a "Hug from the Inside". It was AMAZING! The portion was large, and I was only able to finish about half. Left-overs= Double the Pleasure of this amazing dish! The only bad thing about Yardbird is that I'm going to have to find other restaurants that I want to patronize to vary my meals, because I can tell you that it's going to be incredibly hard not to visit Yardbird every chance I get!
Excellent!! Must try the handmade apple pie.
Amazing! If you live in San Diego area think ....Cucina Urbana or Searsucker. Decor is farm with a twist. Great house special drinks if you love bourbon.  Fresh ingredients and large servings.
We're definitely fans and go out of our way to make a stop here! The chicken biscuits are an absolute favorite. The chicken is moist and is drizzled with honey. The biscuit is buttery and fluffy. It is just one of those delicious little treats that will keep us coming back! We've also tried and very much enjoyed the sweet tea ribs, mac and cheese, and the fired green tomato BLT. The quality of all the food we've tried is top notch. The ambiance is relaxed nice casual and we find the service consistently great. It is the type of place where you feel comfortable right away and you feel like you can stay for a while. They do get quite busy so a reservation will help or you can sit at the bar relaxed. They have a great bourbon selection and they make great cocktails. We really like Yardbird and I'm sure it will be a favorite on south beach for a long time to come. Great food, fun ambiance in a relaxed setting makes this place a winner for us!
I really enjoyed this place! Loved the way it looked and felt... Loved the fried chicken, grits and most especially the chicken sandwich!! Best to go to this place with a big group so you can get different tastes of their dishes.
This place is exceptional.  I'm originally from Louisiana, and this place is amazing. We ordered the biscuits, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken with waffles and watermelon, mac and cheese, and strawberry shortcake for dessert.  The sweet tea was on point too.  This food was so good, you'd definitely, as we say in the south, "wanna slap yo' mama."  Our waitress, Rachel, was fantastic.  Here's hoping they open a restaurant in Los Angeles soon.
WOW! What a fantastic Miami experience! This place made our trip! We had such a great time here for a birthday party and party of 10. I chose this place off Yelp because of the description of "fried chicken, watermelon, and grits" which just made me laugh. The place was beautiful (we sat outside) and the food was to die for. The shrimp and grits, watermelon salad, fried chicken and biscuits with jam, grouper, and mandarin salad were all amazing. I would definitely go back and highly, highly recommend this place. The service was spectacular, and the dining experience equally so. Amazing, unique items to tempt your palate. Also, be sure to try the blackberry mojito. Amazing.
My new favorite brunch spot! Nothing like a nice brunch on a Sunday afternoon with the cool breeze, beautiful sky and my new favorite drink in hand: KENTUCKY MULE! Grits are amazing, Chicken and Biscuits are great, and the Ham and Cheese Biscuits hit the spot! I tried the Short Rib Sandwich during my first visit and it didn't WOW me. My brother had the "Pulled" Chicken Sandwich which isn't really "Pulled" at all and he didn't care for it either. I will probably give that Short Rib Sandwich another try next time. SIT OUTSIDE IF YOUR PARTY IS SMALL. The outdoor dining just makes the experience better.
amazing food with amazing service!
I'm going to dream of their chicken biscuits tonight. Fried chicken on a buttery biscuit with pepper jelly (tasted like sweet chili sauce).... Side of some sweet pickles. I'm drooling just writing these sentences. Ugh. Went with my sister and her friend so we got a bunch of dishes and did a free-for-all family style kind of brunch. We ordered the dreamy chicken biscuits, macaroni and cheese (covered in Panko like bread crumbs. Mmmm) , fried green tomato blt (the tomato had a citrusy taste and a fresh firm texture. Fried and topped with thick bacon, it was perfection), and blt Benedict (skillet with runny eggs, chunks of house cured bacon and biscuit pieces) . Every dish was solid but I'd probably skip the blt Benedict next time. It was a bit too runny and hard to pick at with our forks.  I also got a Bloody Mary and the waiter asked, "it comes with bacon, is that alright?" What kind of question is that?!!! YES. BACON IS ALWAYS ALRIGHT! It arrived with skewered pickled vegetables, a wedge of lime, and a fantastic crispy strip of bacon poking out of my mason jar. Now is that a cocktail to start your day off right or what? If you're going with a group, I'd suggest sharing a number of dishes. There was so much more on the menu and dishes we saw coming out of the kitchen that we wanted to try. Alas, our stomachs are not bottomless pits :'( Price was moderate leaning towards pricey but the deliciousness was well worth it. As my friend said "this is a place where I see the bill and I'm like 'take more of my money!'" Decor was awesome+++ mason jars with dried flowers. Funny chalk pictures. Open kitchen area. Make reservations!!!
I'm on the fence on this review. I want to give Yardbird the 4, but, they had mediocre mac n' cheese, and that's a dealbreaker. Rony M told us to focus on the drinks and desserts, that all the middle stuff was forgettable, and I'm going to have to disagree. The most memorable part of our meal, hands down, was the chicken and biscuits. Get them. The drinks, I thought, were on the weak side, and really didin't have a distinct flavor to them, considering how unique they looked on the menu. Next time I might go for the straight bourbon (I like my drinks on the strong side, though, so you've been warned). For dessert we had the home made s'mores - and while the from-scratch marshmallows were indeed memorable, the size of the s'mores themselves was so startlingly small that I might not invest in them again. So, while Rony suggest Drinks and Dessert, I'm gonna suggest Bourbon and Biscuits. Choose wisely. REVISIONS: So, I spent a little time getting yelled at by Rony M last night about MISQUOTING him in this review - apparently his suggestion was Drinks, CHICKEN, Dessert. SO, there's that. Also, he insisted I mention that the drinks we were served where comped by a foursquare-esque app that was having a launch party (well, if you can call 5 people a party) at Yardbird that night. So, now you know.
Great food, the lemonades are just great in different flavors like Blackberry or Passion Fruit. Shrimp grits is popular for a reason!
Amazing small menu!  It's the only place where I can say I love every food I tried.  From the best fried chicken to ribs to mac and cheese. Raspberry Bourbon rocked our world!  It's almost not fair not to have one around Broward but we might go broke if there's one... because we'll be there all the time!
As always, the food was great and service was unobtrusive. Best place for ribs and they have added fish for the prscaterians among us.
When I think about the meals I've had at Yardbird I get a full on raging food boner. The first time I tried this place, my friends and I were walking from a friends apartment to the beach when we decided to eat. I opened up Yelp and Yardbird was one of the closest places. I read southern food, and since I wasn't sure I'd ever had legitimate southern food, to Yardbird we went. The first time we got two different versions of their fried chicken, and a smoked brisket sandwich. The chicken was very good, one version being clearly better than the other, but the brisket was on another level.  The brisket sandwich here is the best sandwich I have ever had.  If I lived in Miami I would eat this at least once a week. We had such a good meal that we decided to go back the next day for brunch. I have a hard time convincing myself of this but the brunch might have been better than the first experience. We ordered the brisket sandwich again which we all loved but also got a bunch of breakfast options. I had pancakes with bourbon infused syrup and peanuts in the butter. It was unreal. If you're visiting Miami do not leave without eating here.
Southern comfort food, oh how I love thee!  Let me count the ways... 1.  Fried Green Tomato BLT - wonderful take on the classic blt.  Normally fried green tomatoes are not my thing, even when you buy them at the carnival or fair.  But when they are holding together succulent pork belly, tomato jam and pimiento cheese its just a whole another experience. 2. Butter Lettuce and Grilled Mango Salad - to make myself feel better I was sure to add a salad as a course during dinner.  This one was perfect as an "in between" from the rich appetizer and the fried chicken.  The vinaigrette and mangos perfectly prepares your palate for the most awesome fried chicken meal ever. 3.  LLewellyns Fine Fried Chicken - served with a bit of savory waffle (savory waffle? I know its odd but there are some scallions in it and just works!).  The dish comes with spicy tupelo honey but I always ask for a side of syrup instead hahaha...for the waffle of course.  This chicken is the best fried chicken I have had ever!  I cant wait for the day when I get to go to Kansas to sample the chicken dinner road, but until then, Yardbird is the #1 when it comes to a battered and fried piece of poultry!  Dont get me wrong, the other entrees are very yummy and big enough to share.  But they dont call this place "run chicken run" just to be cute. 4.  Macaroni and CHeese - Perfect creamy accompaniment to the most awesome fried chicken. My meal felt like I had died and gone to Southern Food Heaven!
I grew up in the south, and Yardbird is one of those special restaurants that finds the right mix of nostalgia and high cuisine that render their menu unique, yet familiar at the same time. The chicken biscuits are out of this world. Their decor is playful and beautiful, and their bourbon/whisky list is as good and expansive as it gets. I've been twice in the past two months, once for dinner with my mother and another time for a night of bourbon fueled fun with a friend. Both times we found a knowledgeable staff that offered great service. If I could afford it, I'd go once a week.
Went to Yardbird for the first time with friends and tried lots of new flavors. The decor is rustic, modern, and inviting. We ordered buttermilk biscuits to start, which are served with homemade butter and jam; probably the best biscuits I've had. Shared some small plates: the short rib meatloaf was tender and flavorful and served with smooth mashed potatoes. The fried green tomato BLT was something I would not typically order, but we're a yummy surprise! Definitely recommended. We ordered the trademark fried chicken and waffles with watermelon for the entree. All the large plates here are made for sharing. The chicken was juicy and delicious - perfect with the waffles! I had the s'mores dessert - a smooth dark chocolate mousse over a graham cracker crust, topped with some brûléed marshmallows. It was the perfect way to end this all-American southern meal. I will definitely be back to try some of their other options.
I really, really like this place.  We went for brunch yesterday (10/5).  Arrived early and had a fantastic time - great food, great friends and good beverages.  We shared and had the friend chicken with the tastiest watermelon cubes and waffles with chow chow.  Okay, I didn't get that part, but my brunch mates enjoyed it.  The wedge salad filled with pork belly was its usual yummy self. Then we partook in the friend green tomatoes, with homemade pimento cheese and super thick slices of pork belly - you know I just can't say enough about that pork belly. We met the new Manager, Matt (I thought he was founder John Kunkel - okay he's a look a like, but one of the staffers thought he was Kunkel too); he came over and was very gracious as we talked about Yardbird and their other fabulous spot, Khong River. I am still out to lunch on the bloody mary, it was good with great garnish, pickled tomato, olives stuffed with pickle and one other thing i can't remember.  The drink was really big, served in a mason jar - the taste was something that I really needed to acquire - I could not put my finger on and Matt check and they said it was cilantro - Okay, i buy that and kept drinking. Service was a tad off the beat but not anything bad, just when you needed something you didn't see your server; they would check but it was like missing a beat - super friendly - from the greeter to the seater.  I really like this place.  Hope I get to make it back for this Thursday night's anniversary party - I am a bourbon girl and it will be a fun event - This place stays on my "Scrumpterou Report".
Amazing experience! Southern food, aka heavy food but so tasty and gourmet. The atmosphere of the restaurant is an experience by itself. What a food adventure for 3 people.. We started with the famous Southern Revival cocktail and a bottle of Chenin Blanc. Even if you don't like bourbon, you will like this cocktail. Try it. We shared the Mama's Chicken Biscuits, the Fried Green Tomato BLT and the Iceberg Wedge. All were amazingly good! The biscuits are two small biscuits with fried chicken but the chicken is not greasy and the biscuit is light and fluffy. The fried green tomato BLT is 3 fried green tomato slices topped with pork belly. REALLY GOOD. Moist and crispy pork belly! The salad was nice, I really like the dressing. It is also topped with big chunks of house made bacon. Then we shared the Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs and a side of Macaroni & Cheese. The ribs were HUGE!! So delicious with tons of meat on it. There were easily 8 or 9 long ribs. The macaroni were very cheesy but creamy cheesy. It was good but heavy with the ribs. For dessert (I don't know how we fitted all of that food in our stomachs) we shared the Strawberry Shortcake. Interesting with basil syrup but the cream inside was very light Four stars because I really enjoyed the food there. Some of the best restaurant in Miami. Only four stars because of the prices and going there gives a good hit to your budget... I will however be back!
It was 10:56PM (4 minutes before closing AND my last night in Miami); I hopped out of the car while yelling "park my car bro!" as I jolted through the double doors. "Table for 2 please!" The host said I had like 10 minutes so it's ok to take it easy.  Sigh of relief. I wasn't going to miss this dinner.  I just couldn't!! I quickly studied the menu and wanted to order everything: Ribs, Chicken, a 26 oz cowboy steak! It's obvious these plates were meant to be shared.  But I wasn't going to share! And no one can make me! I ordered the Chicken n watermelon n waffles.  Yardbird's signature "Old School Fried Chicken," hot sauce honey, chilled spiced watermelon, a waffle with Bourbon maple syrup.  Incredible.  I know I'm from LA but I've been to the south and had me some good fried chicken.  I can attest that this place is the real deal.  Their bird is soft, they brine it for "27 Hours" to give it the moist and juicy chew through out.  There's very little tug and you can taste their batter in every bite.  Their batter is definitely distinct, it isn't crunchy but it definitely has texture with a solid flavor profile. They give you half a chicken.  Leg, thigh, wing, and breast.  Along with a waffle and watermelon.  It's alot of food. I put down that whole bird but I couldn't even touch the watermelon. Ok I lie I had 2 pieces. The waffle was delicious. It was a softer waffle. The syrup had a distinct smell.  I'm sure it was the bourbon. It was sweet but had like a kick to it.  But mix in the chicken, and the hot sauce.  It was great. My friend ordered the ribs.  He loved 'em.  I snagged a couple.  Their sauce is definitely southern. Vinegar based.  Thick.  The ribs had a nice char, fell off the bone fairly easily.  It wasn't a tender-soft chew but it was pleasant.  It had a nice meaty flavor. I like a sweeter sauce and a sweeter char. The ambiance is definitely southern but trendy.  On one side there are booths; and on the other tables (reminded me of the lunch pergola at school). The staff was definitely friendly and eager to accommodate our needs. And they definitely calmed me down in my haste to make it through the door before close. I definitely will return, and I'm going to bring more buddies!!
The hype is deserved. Heirloom tomato and watermelon salad with farm fresh cheese, oysters with spinach and homemade sausage, fried chicken, Mac and cheese, etc.  We ordered a lot and enjoyed it all. The service is indeed impeccable, without an ounce of pretentiousness. We thought the flatiron chicken looked amazing and would like to try that next time.
Eat up son! It don't get betta' than 'dis right here on SoBe.  Comfy food, comfier drinks!!
Gotta love southern food! Comfort food at its best. My friends and I have been craving brunch and decided to try this place out because we all had it bookmarked for the longest time. I am so glad we tried it out. Everything was amazing from drinks to the last course. I'm a huge light weight when it comes to alcoholic beverages, but all of my friends ordered different drinks so I got to try them all. Yum! They got the blackberry bourbon lemonade, the porkchop, and watermelon sling. All very good. My favorite was the watermelon sling of course because its fruity, sweet, and super girly! Of course the one guy in the group ordered that one. LOL. The porkchop packs a huge punch though. So if you want something strong but tasteful, definitely get that one. It's a family style kind of place because all the dishes are huge! Which is great, because I love sharing and trying a little bit of everything. Of course, we had to get the "chicken n watermelon n waffles!" Omg yum! The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the sauces that comes with it compliments it very well. I would've wanted more waffles though! The watermelon was interesting, it was spiced and pickled with something, not quite sure. We also got the shrimp and grits because I love my grits. Very flavorful and the grits were cooked perfectly. As for the sides we got the mac n cheese, yummy, and the chocolate espresso coffee cake. Omg my sweettooth self was in heaven! It was so addicting, I could have eaten it all to myself, but of course I had to share with the others and let them see how amazing it was. Definitely want to come back and try all the other dishes, like their BLT. Looks yummy and heard great things.
Yardbird Southern Table and Bar. That's an awesome name and they definitely make food to match. I came in as part of a large group celebrating a birthday. Our waitress came over and started taking orders. I asked how this whole thing worked and she said that they pretty much have the meals set up to be shared. I was really curious about the chicken, waffles, and watermelon dish but I chickened out (lol) and instead went for the fried chicken, fries, and an order of mac n cheese. She asked if I'd like a craft cocktail, but (again) I chickened out and opted for a craft beer instead. They serve Nitro's Left Hand Milk Stout (in case you were wondering.) The chicken was nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It came with what I think was a Tabasco glaze sauce on the side that was perfect. Spicy and sweet. The fries were seasoned with awesomeness (which tastes a lot like bacon salt) and that mac n cheese made me want to order another. It was cheesy and rich and cheesy again. I loved every bite of my meal and it was definitely enough to share with my wife. I did keep wondering about that waffle and watermelon that another person at our table ordered. Guess I'll have to go back and find out for myself. Service was as good as can be expected at a table of 100 all wanting separate checks. Kudos to the staff for putting up with us. I've never had "real" Southern food before coming to Yardbird, but now I'm aching for more!
About 12 of us came to Yardbird to celebrate a friends birthday and we all left in food comas. This is definitely the place to get your cravings filled for anything fried and southern, and fill our cravings we did. Our table ordered a variety of dishes from the menu. The chicken and waffle plate, the meat loaf & mashed potato appetizer, the BBQ ribs, the chicken biscuits, the mac and cheese, the french fries (which were deliiiiicious). Not to mention we all tried a drink from their extensive drink menu. I personally loved the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade which went down smoothly but still managed to carry a punch once you reached the bottom of the glass, which I did...twice. The service was friendly and quick and best of all, for a party of 12 they somehow managed to remember all our orders and give us each our own check which saved on time and calculations. I'm counting down the days till I come back to Yardbird and indulge in more friend goodness. Not sure my cholesterol shares my same feelings though.
Since going to Miami we wanted to try some southern food and seeing this place as one of the top most reviewed we figure we check it out...this place in particular is not really authentic southern food but more like a P.F Changs, meaning upscale but not authentic southern...they had the chicken n waffles n watermelons which was pretty good except for the fact that they gave us half a chicken uncut which is quite difficult to eat...also had the Mac n cheese which was good but didnt really have enough cheesy flavor to it, great atmosphere and customer service but for the food I would not come back again
So after much anticipated hype, I dragged my best friend out on her bday-Bau-humbug. The place has a great vibe, open space, staff was friendly and attentive. Food was OK. I am not a heavy into the southern comfort food. We had a little bit of everything: ribs, chicken and biscuits, waffle fries, blt, fried chicken, and meatloaf. I honestly prefer KFC with the extra crunch. Waffle fries, blt, and watermelon were my favorite. For dessert had cookies, s'mores, and berry tart which was my fav. After the long thanksgiving comatose decided to skip on alcohol; they seemed to have a great drink menu. Will I return, prob not but would def come and have a drink here.
Love it. Not very gluten-free friendly, but you can find things to eat, and they're always amazing.
Food was awesome, so was the service. My favorite was the damned good biscuits. Very pricey, but soooo good.
This review is for Brunch only (see my previous review on Dinner)... Ok, I recently visited with my parents and sisters, these people are the pickiest people you will ever meet. They also aren't exactly foodies and don't like trying new flavors. They like visiting commercial places and don't usually venture out to places with innovative dishes such as Yardbird. Even so, I got them to drive all the way over here specifically for the Mac n' Cheese.... We are seated and are informed that today they are only serving off the brunch menu (ugh, no Mac n Cheese), immediately the rest of my party feels lost. The dishes sound way to "different" than what they are used to... Either way, we order the following items: 1. Steak and Eggs: omg, the steak was so tender and the potatoes were the perfect touch. 2. Chicken and Waffles - my dad, sister and brother-in-law tore the fried chicken up! They loved the fried chicken but weren't really feeling Tabasco maple syrup.... so they had regular maple syrup and that worked. They all agreed that the chicken was cooked perfectly. 3. Ham and Cheese biscuits - my most pickiest sister ordered this. She loved it. Didn't even share. 4. Braised rib sandwich - my partner had this, she loved it. I had a bite and agree that it was spectacular. Now this is certainly a dish to share because it's quite heavy and very buttery. 5. Chef Salad - this tasted so fresh and the dressing was really yummy. 6. Biscuits - the homemade strawberry jam was my moms favorite. The biscuits were sweet. All and all - brunch was a success :) yay!
I thought that yardbird was decent. Our server, Maria, was kind thoughtful and cared about us. She was really nice. And the food, our party ordered chicken and biscuits, corn3, shrimp and grits, chicken n waffles n watermelon. It wasn't bad but I was blown away either.  Except for the shrimp and grits which for $28 dollars I wasn't satisfied. And for dessert we ordered the shortcake. Could of done without the mint. All in all yard bird has good service but the food was between decent and good. The dress code is somewhat casual considering all of the south beach trash that walks in. If you have a nana/grandma that was born and raised in Georgia or you have been to Atlanta and had real southern food than you won't enjoy this restaurant.
Another stop at Yardbird before heading back home to NYC. Ordered the biscuits this time around.....must admit they are better then Bubby's in NYC and those are my all time favorites! Love this place! Till next time Yardbird. :)
Well, where do I even begin? I'm just going to go ahead and get it out of the way: this was the best meal of my entire life. I've never been a fan of southern food and that's probably the reason it took me so long to try Yardbird out. After hearing raving reviews again and again and again I decided it was time. We made a reservation two days in advance for a Friday night. We called ahead knowing we were going to be a little late and they were more than accommodating, seating is only five minutes after we got there. From the moment I took a sip of the Bourbon Blackberry Lemonade, I knew I was in for a good night. Amazing drink--not too sweet and subtly strong. I was feeling it half way in... To start we ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes. I don't care how many times you've had these at other places, these were unreal and better than anything I've had. From the lemony lettuce they place on top to the creamy pimento cheese, it was the perfect appetizer. We split the famous Fried Chicken and Waffles. My eyes rolled back as I had the first bite: a piece of juicy white fried chicken on top of a waffle, drizzled with both the sweet honey and spicy sauce they bring. OUT of this world GOOD. I kept having to pause and think, this cannot be real. A MUST order!!!! We spontaneously ordered biscuits and jam while munching on the fried chicken because we decided it would be sinful not to experiment with biscuit/fried chicken sandwiches. Again, foodgasm galore. And yes--we were already in food comas when we decided on the M&M Bread Pudding. Could NOT pass that up. Again, amazing taste--sweet and salty in all the right ways. Needless to say I left in excruciating pain from stuffing my face, however, I am still dreaming of this meal and actually counting down the days until I have an excuse to go and be so gluttonous again. MAKE A RESERVATION NOW. This is the best restaurant in Miami. And I'm an experienced foodie.
Came here for Sunday brunch and this place was packed!! Even though we had a reservation, we still had to wait ten minutes. It also took some time before our waiter came and saw us once we were seated. When he did though he was very pleasant and descriptive of the menu. Everything is "family"' style and dishes are served as they are finished cooking. For the food we got: -  Buttermilk biscuits - Elvis pancakes - BLT benedict - Llewellyn's fried chicken - Mac and cheese The definite stars of the meal were the biscuits, pancakes, and the BLT benedict. The biscuits were buttery and flaky and came with the most delicious honey butter and jam. I definitely recommend spreading both the butter and jam on the biscuit. The pancakes were fluffy and choc full of chocolate chips. I love the light bourbon flavor in the syrup and the "peanut butter" is like a fluffy peanut butter spread. It also came with the most delicious whipped cream. And then of course, the benedict, It has big chunks of biscuits, salty crispy pork belly, and it is all covered in a rich hollandaise sauce. They serve a nice small salad on the side to help cut the richness. The Mac and cheese was really good, but nothing that "wowed" me. It was al dente, nice and cheesy, and it had a nice crunchy layer on top. But I have had better. Unfortunately, the chicken did not live up to the hype and probably the reason for four stars instead of five. The chicken was cooked nicely and tasted good, but I felt like it lacked a bit of seasoning and the skin did not have that "crunch" that I read so much about. It was good, but after reading so much about the chicken, I expected to jump up and shout in celebration after biting into it. To my dismay, we ordered so much we had to take some food home and did not have space for dessert. I really like this place and my rating is more of a 4.5, but I was so let down for the chicken I couldn't rate it a five. I will be back for dinner though and when I do, I will save space for dessert!
The hype... is both true and well deserved. Recommended by a friend, we visited this James Beard semi-finalist during mid-afternoon hours to avoid the crush and we were blown away. The service was very friendly and helpful and everything we ate was fun and tasty! When we begged, they even brought us deviled eggs although they were not on the brunch menu - yum! Fried green tomato BLT with homemade pimento cheese!?!? I was not thinking "yum" when I thought about pimento cheese but dang, it was awesome! We will return, again and again. Run chicken, run! But, you can't hide.
Loved the chicken and biscuits. Also recommend the chicken water melon and waffles.
Had my favorite meal while in Miami over Christmas. The appetizers and entree's were outstanding. The deserts were good but not as good as the rest of meal. Had the chicken and biscuits appetizer and surf and swine for entree. Would have a hard time ordering anything else I went back although the whole menu looked great. My wife had the vegetarian risotto which didn't make you miss the meat. I would have been happy with it as well. Our waiter kept disappearing which was the only negative of our meal. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to any one traveling to the area it is really a can't miss.
Not a Chain After reading the great reviews about the food, we decided to give Yardbirds a try. The place was very noisy, so if you're looking to have a relaxing dinner, this may not be the right pace. Service: The hostess was excellent, great smile and polite. Once we were seated however, things went downhill. Once we were seated, it took about 20 minutes for the server to take our order, we were left waiting without water or drinks until she showed up. Once she di show up to take our order, I asked how long it would be before our food was sent to our table. She said "quick". We ordered the "BLT" and Fried Chicken with Biscuits. The food showed up within 5 minutes. The server sarcastically asked me "was that fast enough for  you"?  I declined to comment, I just wanted to taste this great food. Food quality: Presentation was excellent. BLT interesting but forgetable. The fired chicken is good,, but not $26 good - 5 pieces. There's a fried chicken joint in Fort Myers - at a Marathon station that out performs this chicken. The biscuits - excellent, frankly the best I've ever had, They better be, as they get $9 for 6 biscuits!!!! This is a great place for people who've not really had real southern food that have no problem dropping a bit of money for a "different" kind of dinner. Not a horrible experience, but not really worth the price. That said, anyone dining in the Lincoln Road area needs to take out a home loan - pretty much every place charges a ton of money for the experience.
I am a Southern girl, born and bred, so when my husband and I found Yardbird and decided to venture there for my birthday, my expectations were high. And boy were they not only MET, but exceeded. The food, the service, the ambience...everything is spectacular here. I highly recommend the Chicken and Biscuits appetizer, the mac'n'cheese and the grits. Also the ribs were pretty great, as was the strawberry shortcake with basil sauce for dessert. Whether you are a Southern body missing the tastes of home, a local who wants to try something different, or a tourist looking for the best Miami has to offer, GO. TO. YARDBIRD. :-)
In the past 2 months, I've been to Yardbird 3 times!  I am a southern girl living in Miami and this place definitely satisfies my soul food cravings, even as a vegetarian.  I highly recommend the mac n' cheese.  In fact, I demand that you order it.  It's rich, creamy, and insanely good.  I also recommend the corn bread in jar - a very innovative concept that is quite delicious.  I've also had the omelette and the quiche.  Both were very good with perfectly cooked eggs.  And if your dish doesn't come with biscuits, I suggest you order those as well.  The butter and jam they come with are the perfect toppers.   I think Yardbird is a must visit Miami restaurant - great food, great staff, and great ambiance.
I called before coming to be sure we didn't have a long wait. Got here at 10:30 and a 0 minute wait.  We got our seats and met our waiter, Carlton.  Nice, funny and was willing to say what he likes from the menu. Wedge salad was awesome.  Creamy dressing and topped corn & pork belly. ON A SALAD!!  Good stuff. Hubby got the roasted chicken breast.  Tasty.  It had a dark potato & mushrooms sitting in the wine sauce. Excellent! I got Mama's chicken biscuits and the mac & cheese.  Both fantastic. The chicken biscuit had a drizzle of a syrup or honey on the chicken. The biscuits were pillowy & tender. FAN-FRICKIN-TASTIC!!  The Mac & cheese...  A wheelbarrow could have shoveled it in and I wouldn't have cared. I WILL be going back.
Every time I come to this restaurant I fall in love more and more. The food is amazing and the service is wonderful!!!! I had a server named Raul once and he was just fantastic. He was friendly and gave wonderful suggestions. He was an angel! Also another big thing that I absolutely loved was that they'll bring your dog a little box of water to drink if you bring him to dine with you. Of course you have to sit outside but they still take care of your furry friend while your there. If I had the time I'd eat there every day. I've never left dissatisfied.
ROLL TIDE !! That's what my taste buds were saying when we ate at Yardbird. I haven't had southern food this good since college (Tuscaloosa, Alabama). The chicken and biscuit app is off the hook and honestly I will probably order a dinner size of that dish the next time we eat here. If you are a bourbon fan, they have the most extensive bourbon cocktail list I have ever seen this side of Kentucky. Portions are big, so come hungry. Y'all are going to love this southern gem!!
Yardbird has it all, fantastic food, outstanding cocktails, and the BEST service in Miami!!!
In South Beach on vacation and read rave reviews about the chicken and biscuits so decided to come with the group. Very lengthy list of cocktails in addition to various whiskeys and bourbons. To start, we ordered the fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, bone marrow, biscuits with honey and jam, deviled eggs, and chicken and biscuits. Oh my gosh the bone marrow was awesome, along with the fried green tomatoes which came with this delicious pimento cheese. But if you only get one thing here get the chicken and biscuits... fried chicken was awesome and biscuits were flakey and heavy and just all things amazing!! For dinner, which was family style, we order the fried chicken and waffles, ribs, shrimp and grits with sides of okra, sweet potatoes, and mac and cheese. Shrimp and grits were pretty good and ribs were really tasty and obviously the chicken and waffles were awesome. Giving how good the apps and main meals were the sides were pretty disappointing especially the mac cheese which was like Kraft mac and cheese and I wouldn't recommend ordering... I would just forgo the sides all together and order more apps! All in all, a delicious place to eat and definitely a change of pace from the normal South Beach dining.
Great food and service and food is always consistent. Been here at least 4 times now. Lunch is nice you can walk in with no hassle and get a table, dinner is always packed!! Try it out this was the chef that opened GIGI and he was also on Top Chef!
I've been waiting to come here forever and it was so worth the wait.  Maybe this is because it has been a while since I had some good southern food, but honestly everything was perfection.  The biscuits were to die for and the short rib sandwich was very tender and delectable.   For brunch drinks- get the bloody mary- it comes with a garnish of bacon and okra! or try the Bellini with fresh peach juice. Be careful about ordering- we definitely over-ordered and the portions are big in terms of "shares" and "big shares".  Talk to your waiter and ask them if the amount ordered is enough.
This place was great. My wife and I and a couple of friends came here for dinner. We had the chicken and waffles with cheddar cheese. Really nice customer friendly staff and the ambiance was great!
The food here is awesome..Read my tip...Ashley was great! What more can I say...you will enjoy!!! Will be back
My second visit here left me never wanting to come back. Inconsistency is unacceptable if you are going to charge $26 for a 4 piece fried chicken, this is what you're known for so you should have the recipe down to a science and it has to be great each and every time. The price and everything else says you have the best fried bird on the beach so hold your hat on that and make each piece of chicken as good as the last, not and easy task but neither is shelling out that kind of dough for a Church's knockoff. This time around the chicken wasn't even close to as juicy, the skin was lacking seasoning and taste, and the watermelon tasted like fruity pebbles. The only thing that tasted better this time around were the waffles and even they weren't great. If Popeye's had similar ambiance this place wouldn't even have the nerve to exist. To top off the inconsistency was the amount and part of chicken served. It's like they stuck their hand into the pan and threw whatever they came out with onto the plate. For $26 bucks you want to know what to expect, give me a breast, thigh, drumstick and wing each and every time, don't give me 4 wings or mix and match like they did tonight, unacceptable. At least they corrected themselves when I pointed out I was missing a breast. This time around we tried the chicken sliders ($12 bucks for 2!) and they were great but had a little too much glaze, but I'd definitely grab some of these to go and take them next door to pair them with some top notch beers. I appreciate Willie Mae's of New Orleans much more and make me pity those that have never been and think that Yard bird is the gold standard. It's good fried chicken and I'd still recommend going, and if you go on the right night it's easily one of the best but on the wrong like tonight it leaves you regretting all the other great options in SOBE that you just passed on.
I really enjoyed brunch at Yardbird. The only reason they are getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because I didn't have cocktails or dessert this go round so technically I haven't tried everything thing they offer. Our server (Tracy) was excellent and he provided great recommendations and tips on the menu. The food was fabulous! We had a ton of food (more than enough for our group of 4) and indulged in every bit of it. The banana bread and chicken biscuits were a great start. The steak & eggs, heirloom tomato and goat cheese omelet, shrimp & grits, and fried chicken & waffles were all excellent.....everything was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. The restaurant itself is a nice, hip and comfortable space. Yardbird is a must try and I am already plotting my lunch and dinner visits.
This place has the tastiest southern food in Miami. I've never been displeased with what I ordered, and the staff is responsive and friendly. Ask for Carlton when you get there. He's the best! One of my favorite dishes is the meatloaf, which is really actually braised short ribs. Absolutely delicious. Even if it's off the menu, ask for it. Like I said, the staff is very friendly and helpful.
I don't know what I can say that others haven't already. I dream about this place and wish it was closer to where I live (even if it did, wish I could afford it whenever I want). Upscale southern food at its best. I thought when the original chef (Jeff McInnis) left, it would go downhill. But it has not disappointed in the slightest. I am partial to their cheddar waffle with an amazing tomato topping, kale salad (cider dressing, bourbon soaked raisins, cheese, apples, and cornbread croutons), biscuits with jam/honey butter, and fried green tomatoes. My husband is obsessed with their fried chicken, their signature dish. It's a little bit of a pain to park, being right off Lincoln Road, but you can always valet if you can't find metered parking. The service is always top notch, they magically appear anticipating what you need before you even know you need it, they are THAT good. I have yet to try their dessert because we always order so much, but I hear they are amazing. My goal is try one next time and report back. Gotta have goals right?
Maybe my favorite restaurant on the entire East coast. Cannot go to Miami Beach without stopping here to eat. Have been here for brunch, lunch, and dinner and they are all awesome. All the staff are super friendly and attentive and very down to earth. Very unique place for south beach! Southern comfort food, farm to table, and cocktails out of mason jars! The chicken and waffles with watermelon is prepared perfectly and is big enough to share. Their wedge salad with pork belly is my favorite wedge ever! The deviled eggs are great too! But my favorite thing is the fried green tomato BLT! Perfectly friend green tomatoes with homemade pimento cheese on top and then pork belly - it's out of this world. Make a reservation even if you are going for brunch or plan to wait hours. It's a very popular spot - so much so that when we were there last time, our waiter told us that Justin Timberlake had sat at our table the night before!!
WARNING: not for the calorie conscious! Seriously if you're on a diet you're gonna need to just forget it for the day and enjoy yourself! This food is legit. I'm not a huge fan of Southern food but everything I tried was sooo tasty. I started with the Scarlett O'hara, the drink special that day. It was bourbon, strawberry preserves, ginger beer and tobasco. The weirdest and coolest combination! It had a bite but was still sweet, but not too sweet, just great. One drink will  have you feeling pretty good. My table ordered the chicken and biscuits (didn't try, looked awesome and they said it was good), biscuits, pecan French toast with bacon syrup, short rib sandwich, and the farmers salad. The biscuits were to DIE for! Flaky, buttery, not too dry. I want one now! The honey butter that they came with was delicious too. My other favorite was the short rib sandwich. Also to die for! So tender and the tomato jam it's served with made it that much more interesting of a sandwich. Honestly everything I had a bite of was interesting and packed with flavor. Why minus a star? Well, I never got my farmers salad! I didn't make a big deal about it but the waiter kind of just laughed it off.. Weird! I'll still go back though, I need to try the other bourbon drinks and yummy fattening food.
Went on a whim, and WOW!  Great beer selection on draft, super food and service. We split the following, all superb. Chicken biscuits, fruit and bleu cheese salad, and the shrimp and grits. The entree was like No other shrimp and grits I had had before, and the smokiness of the sauce took it it a whole new level. What a wonderful surprise on a lackluster block.
Good drinks & better fried chicken.
you gotta love this place. Real southern food, cool music but with the typical miami show off. Craft beer and deep fried stuff, what can go wrong? Bourbon cocktails in jars, I know it's a cliche right now, but they were pioneers.
This place is addictive , the food is so good ! Chicken liver pate is to die for so are the devil eggs also the blt . And get the brisket sandwich u won't be dissapointed !
A deep-fried Southern restaurant? In South Beach? Believe it! This rustic, cozy corner spot was oh, so comforting for this Suh'thun girl who found herself way down in Miami. When my blackberry bourbon cocktail arrived in a real-deal mason jar, I knew it was gonna be killer. Sweet and tart, smoky and fruity, this libation was luscious and certainly didn't skimp on the booze! Fruity hints blended delightfully with the punch of the bourbon, and as I sipped it down I felt a tangy two-step materializing all over my taste buds. The first course was a vibrant Butter Lettuce and Grilled Mango salad that looked like a decadent double rainbow on a plate. (cue: what does it meeeann!??) The mangoes were fresh, ripe and so lush, and they served as a delicious compliment to the nuts and crisp, sweet greenery. For our main, it was lightly battered, golden-brown fried chicken with a tart and tangy hot sauce served up in an adorable mini-pitcher on the side. This fried chicken was LEGIT! Crisp but not crunchy, moist but not soggy. Poultry perfection, ya'll. Gotta try the Chicken N' Biscuits next time! Another touch I loved at Yardbirds was the black-and-white slideshow of southern music greats projected onto white exposed brick walls. As I chowed my chicken I glanced up to admire the likenesses of Stevie Ray Vaughan, The Allman Brothers, Jimi Hendrix and some other long-haired country boys. Nice touch. Tip: The bathrooms have a phantom door situation going on...just push in and act like ya know! ;)
Mmmmm good! If you are from Miami, then lucky you! If you are going to visit, this place is a must!  I hear they are opening a Thai restaurant in the area as well. Anyway, this pace is the real deal... great southern food in a nice casual atmosphere with southern rock playing in the background. Loved the open kitchen style too!
Loved my dinner here! Sat at the bar to avoid a wait for a table. I ordered a black berry bourbon lemonade . It was a normal Miami price but the portion was worth it. Got the spiced watermelon and the chicken and biscuits as a lower price alternative to the chicken and waffles. The honey hot sauce is amazing. Staff is friendly, respectful, and not too pushy. Decor is a sweet country rustic style mason  jar  lights and exposed wood. This place is everything you want from a souther food stop in Miami!!!!!!!
Great restaurant!
Great space. Food was  southern with a modern twist- shrimp and grits were awesome. My only complaint is no bread was brought to the table. One of their delicious biscuits per person on the table would have been appreciated.  I had to purchase one.
Sunday brunch is now incomplete for me without Yardbird's Fried Green Tomatoes. They're wonderful. Delicious, crunchy, tangy, salty, sweet, and everything in between. With all those adjectives, the dish still manages to be balanced. As long as your definition of balanced is spelled P-O-R-K-B-E-L-L-Y. Other highlights included the breakfast quiche and cheese grits. Not a light meal, but certainly satisfying. Although I didn't try them, the drinks looked magnificent. Juleps came in silver tumblers, just like the doctor ordered. My sweet tea was indeed sweet, but nothing like the tooth-rotting-although-immensely-satisfying offering at Shorty's. Service was above average, but certainly not great. I had a reservation for 12:15, and we weren't seated until well after that. Those without reservations were seated quicker. Definitely lived up to my expectations (which was surprising, considering the hype). Cannot wait for them to open up Swine in the Gables!
Amazing food, service was outright southern hospitality! Thank you Tracy! Really went above and beyond. We actually had reservations for 3 pm but weren't looking for brunch food (divine as it seemed) so we showed up a little late and got seated for dinner menu which was so worth it! The chicken biscuits were heavenly for appetizers. They are portioned for 2 ppl only so order more if u are more. I actually think all the menu items are for 2 ppl to share. We were 2 couples and one couple ordered the ribs and Mac and cheese which you cannot go there and not eat, and the other couple ordered the fried chicken. The ribs were enough, but the fried chicken was not. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the price. Just to give you an estimate... One drink a person, 2 apps and 2 entrees and 1 dessert was $250. For fried chicken? Thought it was a bit much, but then the southern hospitality came out again and we forgot about how big the bill was. Overall you have to try this place out even if its just once and make sure u make a reservation!
As much as I just don't want to give them 3 stars, the food is just not THAT AMAZING. I had the "old school" which consists of fried chicken, a few pieces of watermelon, and a piece of a waffle. Apparently a quarter of my waffle fell off the plate and they didn't bother to replace it until I told them that I was supposed to have 2 pieces. They proceeded to tell me that it comes with half a waffle. Well there was clearly a quarter on my plate. It was really annoying to have to remind them what should come on their plate. Later, they finally brought the rest. Great food but definitely overpriced and the service is pretty slow. I think I asked for a beer about 3 times before I actually got it.
Absolutely spectacular. The food, the staff, location...all of it.
LOVE. THIS. PLACE. This place had everything! The menu was huge and the atmosphere was just great! The set up of the restaurant is just perfect. I highly recommend making reservations here as it gets realllllly busy! Food is outta this world! We had ordered: fried chicken and waffle, shrimp and grits, kale salad, Mac n cheese, fresh OJ, and maple donut with bacon! It was splits amongst my two girlfriends and I and we killed it all with nothing left. I wish there was a Yardbird in NYC! But it looks like I would just need to make more frequent trips down to Miami!
"Erotica is using a feather, pornography is using the whole chicken." -Isabel Allende Well, if you're looking to gastronomically get off in South Beach, close your laptops, skip your lap dances, unbutton your jeans, and make room for a load of delicious food...the best I've had in Miami in the last year. Located on an unassuming block just steps from the ever-assuming surf and turf nonsense of Lincoln Road, Yardbird Southern Table and Bar has hit a home run with a wonderful menu led by the clearly inspired Jeff McInnis, a supportive and intelligent staff, and a decor that flirts with being über-hipster but manages to color within the lines. It takes just a few seconds to "get" Yardbird (if you haven't already researched on Yelp). We are in the age of tattooed bearded hipsters running gastropubs. They put on their plaid shirts and tell you you've never heard of pork belly and that savory things go in ice cream only after you've eaten a salad with an egg on it chased by a bourbon or beer with an ironic logo. In the end, so many of those places overdo it, and you end up writing a smug review about it on Yelp :) Luckily, Yardbird gets it right and serves up "Southern done right" like a champ. I've been several times, both for dinner and lunch (there's also brunch on the weekend), and always leave happy. The menu offers core items and also changes on a regular basis. The options vary from the simple and traditional (delicious pimiento cheese with crackers and crudités) to the adventurous and tempting (alligator sausage stew). You'd be foolish to not to sample "Mama's Chicken Biscuits". The chicken tastes like chicken (a trait usually reserved for squirrel) and the biscuits manage to be both heavy and fatty (in a good way) and light and fluffy(in a great way). You won't be guilty of overkill if you decide to follow them with a main course of the fried chicken. It's just that good. The dish that has always been on the menu (and on my table) during each of my visits is the shrimp and grits. The shrimp are perfectly cooked. The seasoning is in-your-face without ever clocking you in the jaw. And,that broth? Delicious. It actually tastes like the water the shrimp may have lived in. This is an extraordinary version of a classic. You'll probably want the fried green tomato BLT, too. It's simple and familiar, but you've never seen it before. (it's a great share item) The sides are generous and are clearly there as a supporting cast to the lead actors in this show. They manage to come in full Southern dress, but you always are aware of what they look like naked. The corn tastes like corn and the greens like greens. You'll want a side of biscuits to clean the bottom of the plate of shrimp and grits. Try to save room for dessert. Even if you don't have room, make a pig of yourself. It will be hard to choose. Pie in a jar? Blueberry crisp with corn ice cream? All of your choices are going to make you drool. Duh. It's dessert. The thing that excited me the most about the dessert menu at Yardbird is that  each option compliments the food that came before it.  The South gets a bum rap when it comes to intellect. I don't know if I have eaten a smarter meal in Miami. Whether you live here, or if you're on a three-day trip, you'll want to become friends with Yardbird. It's with great pleasure that I insist you make this great place a part of your belly's history. Cock-a-Doodle-DO.
It's good... but i wouldn't say 4-5 star good.  Definitely a trendy spot for Miami locals and tourists that want to see what it's all about.  Coming from Brooklyn, I've been spoiled with restaurants like this, so I shouldn't expect much when it comes to the food being sub-par.  I had brunch recently and ordered the chicken sandwich on a biscuit... way too expensive for what you get (2 measly little chicken sandwiches for $14!?! and the elvis pancakes...which were good but nothing to write home about).  Seems like a cool spot to grab a drink but their menu/cooks could use some work.
So full! Just came back from dinner here, and we are both stuffed! We had the Pork Croquette (good), Mama's Chicken Biscuits (very good- recommended!), the Ribs (good, not great), the Mac&Cheese (very good, but heavy), and the Apple Crisps (very good- recommended!). The drinks are interesting. One of us had the Old Fashioned and it was very spicy, but it grew on him, and he ended up liking it after only a couple of sips. We also had the Old Confederate and it was good. Nice place, with a funky, nearly Brooklyn vibe.
Came here for lunch and wow! For starters the decor is gorgeous, modern yet rustic. It was packed but we only had to wait about 5 min for a table. We ordered to share the chicken and biscuits, the yardbird sandwich, Mac & cheese, and fries. Everything was so delicious! The chicken was so moist and flavorful. And the fries were phenomenal, which was unexpected. The service was very attentive and friendly. Loved this place.
Went here for a pre-bachelor party dinner with 9 very hungry and thirsty friends- we were NOT disappointed. First, as you've seen below, this is the best fried chicken in town. However, what really made this a memorable experience was the service. Our waitress, Evelyn, was the perfect mix of sarcastic, funny and professional which kept us there for 2 hours ordering and laughing. We asked the waitress to surprise us with a specialty drink/shot. The bar put together a bourbon/honey/orange concoction that was incredible and the perfect close to the meal. Food: 9/10 Service:10/10 Ambiance: 8.5/10 Pro-tip: because we were a large group, I called a week in advance to reserve the large table in the back of the restaurant. We walked right in at our scheduled time (730pm on a Saturday) and were immediately seated.
What a breath of fresh air in Miami Beach, it's so nice to see something other than a lounge/dinner club scene in the area. I love the decor and the menu is unbelievable. I love Bourbon, like a lot and I love drinking Manhattans that include a few cherries and when I visited they said they don't have cherries. It seems to me that is a common ingredient in many bourbon drinks! Anyway, all and all i enjoyed it. Don't make big plans after the dinner because you may be too full to do anything but rub your belly in happiness.
This place is so overrated. I took my boyfriend there for his birthday. We ordered the  Chicken & Waffles with a side of the Mac and cheese. A single portion was more then enough for two, but the chicken was sooooo greasy! We tried our best to salvage it by blotting it with a napkin, but even after that, each bite felt like it was dripping in oil.  The Mac and Cheese made up for what the chicken lacked, but that's not what we came there for. Big disappointment. I really wanted to love this place, especially after all the positive reviews. Don't believe the hype...
The arc of Southern cuisine is well covered in this hot South Beach restaurant.  Southern food is about being approximately right and hugely successful.  Yardbird delivers on this promise.  Try the specialty drinks on the bar menu.  And for heaven's sake make a reservation.
My husbands 36 dollar fried chicken came out hot and delicious... My chicken n biscuits was dry and honestly tasted old .. Almost like the chicken had been reheated ...cute place ,friendly server but the restaurant in general seemed a lot overwhelmed and under staffed. Tried it wouldn't go back
Tip: Call for reservation. Believe the hype but don't go in thinking too much because you might accidently set the bar too high. This is a vintage venue with a modern twist. The restaurant is really great all around. There's a projection screen on the wall that flashes photos during ideal times but it show Miami Heat games when they're playing. The service was awesome the food was all that I could as for. If you're in the area, do yourself a favor and try this place.
This place is nothing short of spectacular! I went for the first time in December with my group of girlfriends for our annual gift exchange. We ordered bourbon cocktails and a variety of things on the menu, and everything was just so delicious! I have gone back twice since, and it's been just as good every time! I had the blackberry bourbon lemonade, which was deliciously sour and STRONG. My favorite menu item would have to be the chicken biscuits. They are just so juicy and delicious, and the jelly compliments them perfectly. ALSO, the mac and cheese. OMG. SO CHEESY, and SOOO GOOD. I've also had the fried green tomatoes, sweet carolina ribs, shrimp & grits, and fries with ranch. YUM YUM YUM YUM! Can't wait to come back!
Adorable restaurant with great food and friendly service. Will def be back next time in Sobe.
not much i can say except everyone who gave this place 5 stars is on the money!!  who else goes to the same restaurant 3x in one week?  Well if your food is on point, THIS GUY RIGHT HERE!!  See ya soon yardbird!
Good food, great crafted drinks, nice atmosphere and service. Everything you oder is delicious, my fav drink is the one that has a piece of watermelon :) I always bring my visiting friends and family here because steady awesome experience is garanteed.
This review is for Brunch. I had high expectations for Yardbird.  Maybe their lunch or dinner service is better?  $11.00 for a bloody Mary that was in what looked like an 8 oz mason jar?  Pathetic. The Mac and Cheese?  It looked like they took Kraft easy mac and added a little bit of Velveeta cheese to the mix, put breadcrumbs on top and "baked" it.  It was extremely bland. Service was nothing to write home about.  I'm surprised this is a restaurant that does not add an auto 20% gratuity to the check. The saving grace?  The brisket was cooked to perfection and the flavor was on point.  If only it was on some more edible bread.  The grilled toast was SOAKED in butter.  I needed a few napkins just to keep my hands clean.   I would give Yardbird another chance for lunch or dinner service but would avoid brunch at all costs.
Yes This bird IS the word as far as food  BUT the South beach prices are a bit much. with all the dining options in miami it makes no sense to fight the sobe traffic, parking and prices.  Skip the $10 root beer float and walk a block over to shake shack for a delicious $5 float that's just as nice with a happier price! !!!!!
If you are anywhere near this restaurant  you have to try it, and even if you're not go anyway. The chicken is as good as everyone says it is and the Mac and cheese is what dreams are made of, and I know my Mac and cheese. I also had a coconut beer from Miami brewery that blew my mind. Go! And when you're done go make reservations at its sister restaurant, Swine in Coral Gables. Both are Ah-mazing!
Great concept and good food.  Good bourbon drinks as well.  I have been here several times now.  The meatloaf (short rib) is awesome, as is the shrimp and grits.  I went for brunch and had a amazing pulled pork sandwich and buttermilk biscuits.  I want o try more of the brunch items here.  I still feel that the dinner entrees are a bit pricey for what you get - $30 for fried chicken!?!?!
This review is for BRUNCH! So delightful! We started with the fried green BLT.  The "bacon" on it was so thick and delicious.  We used the hot sauce from the fried chicken and waffles (not super spicy but more of a sweet spicy) to augment the flavor even more. We all enjoyed the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was very tender, the batter wasn't too thick.   Also, we loved whatever kind of green relish was on the waffle!  We also had the shrimp and grits.  It was good but I don't know if I "had to have it." I did enjoy the bacon doughnut.  It wasn't super salty but it did come with a piece of bacon on top.  Very maple flavored so if you don't like maple, don't get it. We finished with the apple turnover with ice cream.  We decided the crumble that came with the ice cream was like legal crack. Obviously they have outdoor seating but not ideal for August so no one was outside!   Next time I'm back in Miami, I would like to try the dinner...FYI, this place is super popular so if you want reservations, I suggest at least 2 weeks ahead of time on opentable.
What a wonderful restaurant steps from lincoln road. Very rustic and southern decor... Perfect for the type of food they have here. I have dined here twice and will say that the drinks food and desert are all amazing. The Mac N Cheese is the best I have had so far. The Fried green tomato BLT is yummy especially with the pork belly. Chicken and Waffles are amazing along with the mamas biscuits. Mmmmm. The fried catfish was nothing special... I would even say that it was bland and uninteresting. The okra and kale were delicious and to top it all off have the Bourbon and Bacon ice cream. Sounds terrible but if the amazing taste doesn't give you a heart attack the walk home will. Hope to be back for a third time!
I'm pretty sure I'm one of Yardbird's biggest fans, as evident by my initial review of Yardbird below. Unfortunately, Yardbird broke my heart the other day when I had only 20 mins to get home, eat dinner, and get to an appointment. I called Yardbird because I was dreaming about their biscuits and decided to try something new - their butter bean risotto. I asked for takeout. I had to fight back the tears when they told me they don't do takeout; I would have to order my food at the bar and hope they would be able to package it quickly. After getting past the initial wave of sadness, I decided to listen to my dreams anyways. So I went to yardbird, ordered my biscuits and risotto at the bar "to go", and I was 20 mins late to my appointment. It was well worth it. But please, Yardbird: why no take-out?!? ------ In one word: f*#%in-amazing. Their biscuits are perfection: flaky, hard crust, buttery taste, and fluffy on the inside.  I love the home-made honey butter and jam that they are served with. Chicken biscuits: A+ Biscuits with honey butter and jam: A++ Short-rib meatloaf: wow Fried chicken and waffles: A+ (I especially like the spicy sauce that is serve with the chicken) Beignets: omg wow A++ Bloody Mary: yes, please! It's served with bites of bacon I love the decor. It's a little country and warm, but also modern and cool. You'll have to check it out for yourself.  The waitstaff is friendly and on point. My only complaint is that the chicken and waffles was broken up into two separate dishes. I was as torn about this as I was over the breakup of Brad and Jen.
Spectacular! The waitstaff was incredible! The manager VERY friendly. Everyone was extremely pleasant, polite and genuinely nice to my 2 boys. I was a little worried being that we were in such a trendy place, in such a hip part of town that they wouldn't be so tolerant of 2 antsy, wild boys. We went for brunch and it was truly the best I've ever had. The portions are rather large. We (4 hungry adults and my 5 year old) shared the chicken and waffles, bacon, biscuits, ham & eggs, pancakes and the BLT and we were plenty satisfied and even took him a couple leftovers. I did experience a bit of sticker shock as we don't normally eat out at higher priced restaurants but we splurged for the day and it was well worth it.
Great service (a rarity in South Beach) and food that will amaze.  I have to admit that I am not much of a southern food fan, but the dishes here are light and delicious while staying true to their southern heritage.  Couple that with really inventive cocktails (Scarlet O'Hara anyone?) and you have a recipe for a great time.
Yardbird is everything you could want in a restaurant. Incredible food, friendly and engaged service, good music, and a fun, vibrant atmosphere. We came for dinner on the recommendation of a friend and had an amazing time. The first thing I noticed on entering was the interesting Southern-trendy decor (mason jar chandeliers, vases in Bourbon bottles, Elvis projected on the wall) and the great blend of 50s and 60s rock coming through the speakers. A good start, and it only got better. After ordering beers and carefully deliberating about the menu with our waiter, who was amazing, we settled on the chicken and biscuits appetizer, shrimp and grits, and pan-fried trout. In retrospect, I'm pretty sure we couldn't have gone wrong regardless of what we ordered. The food here is mindblowingly good. Crispy, well-seasoned chicken, buttery biscuits, luscious shrimp and grits topped with chunks of the most delicious ham I've eaten in years, and perfectly cooked trout with just the right amount of tiny pickled shrimp and creamed spinach. We were pretty much full to bursting, but you can't not order dessert after a meal of that caliber, so we again put our faith in our trusty waiter and were rewarded with an insanely creative take on banana cream pie. Despite eating unreasonable amounts of delicious food over the course of a few days in Miami, the meal we had at Yardbird was the standout by far. Easily one of the best new restaurants I've been to in quite some time, and one that I'll be revisiting any time I find myself in the vicinity.
I was w friend, sit on bar! Really nice drinks, and bartander Fredy is awasome! Ask for him of you wona try the best cocktail there!
A group of 5 of us went on this past Monday, which was their first time to be open for lunch. My partner and I are from the South, Louisiana and Alabama.  We found the dishes we ordered to be the "real thing!"  The biscuits were sumptuous, the deviled eggs savory, the fried chicken wonderful and the pecan pie one of the best ever. Service was surprisingly excellent and caring for South Beach.   My only complaint is that the restaurant is a bit loud...I hope they can do something to tone the noise level down. All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience.  We hope the excellence continues!
Great meal and service all around.  The chicken n waffles are krazytown great as was the Fried green tomato BLT.  Lots of bourbon drinks here too and good use of hot sauces and bacon throughout the menu.
We went here for dinner on a Saturday night. We had reservations for 8 but got there early. Luckily they had a table available. Service was phenomenal. Whenever you got up, someone came around and folded your napkin neatly and put to the side. I had the Scarlet O'hara based on other reviews. It was awesome. It has a spicy kick which I liked. I had the shortrib meatloaf. It was delicious. I substituted grits instead of mashed potatoes. The grits were delish. My husband had the pork chops which came with greens and a baked apple. He ordered a side of mash. I loved the sauce and it was perfectly cooked. The only thing I didn't like was the greens it had a sweet and sour taste to it. For dessert we had the blueberry pie. We usually get bread pudding if it's on the menu, but our neighbors to the right got it and they said it was on the drier side.  We like ours with sauce and dense. The pie was ok. It needed more ice cream. Because of the close proximity of the seats we got to see what everyone got. The Banana cream pie looked good. It' was unconventional. Basically a bowl of banana cream wit wafers in it and a side of caramelized bananas. I would give the service a 5 Dinner a 4.5 Dessert a 3 Drink originality 5
Thoroughly enjoyable food that reps the dirty south. The service was unapologetically slow but the food was worth it. Maple bacon donut. Cornbread. Pork belly. Cheddar waffle. Bourbon lemonade. Fried chicken. Shrimp and grits. Best breakfast in Miami.
Yardbird has to be my favorite restaurant in South Florida. I can literally have anything on the menu without a single compliant. You don't need to be a fan of southern food to come here, you just need to be a fan of food. The ambiance and atmosphere here is just simply inviting. Taking a look at a menu you can't help but to feel like a kid at a candy store. If I could have one of everything I would take it. I highly recommend you try there Mama's chicken biscuits. Never have I had such a soft and flaky yet flavorfull  biscuit in my life, the chicken is soft, juicy, tender I mean I can look in a thesaurus and still run out of words. The biscuit it self feels like it's made with honey just a real treat. I also suggest you try the Tomato BLT. The presentation and craftsmanship matches the flavorful taste of this dish. Thick cut applewood bacon,freshly fried green tomato served with what resembles to 1000 island  sauce that just explodes your taste buds. Did you ever think watermelon and chicken with waffles would taste so good in one dish? Wait until you try this. I mean your going to enjoy this meal so much your either A, going to want to leave some so you can take some home and enjoy the following day, or B, your going to devour your meal and have to order a second just to take home and continue the feast. The chicken is juicy and fried to perfection, the watermelon is sweet and mouthwatering and the waffle is nothing short of perfection. You need to drench it in syrup !!! Service was exceptional with constant suggestions on pairings and recommendations on drinks and food combined with a family feel of hospitality and comfort. You will leave thinking about an excuse to come back soon.
Wanted to note that very soon after posting my original review, I was contacted by the company and invited to return at another time... which we did recently. Had the Fried Green Tomato BLT appetizer (Heritage Acres Farm pork belly, fried green tomatoes, greens, tomato jam, house-made pimento cheese), Chicken n' Watermelon n' Waffles dinner ("Old School Fried Chicken," hot sauce honey, chilled spiced watermelon, cheddar cheese chow chow waffle, Bourbon maple syrup) and to drink, the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade (Buffalo Trace Bourbon, Lemon Juice, Organic Blackberry, Cardamom, Soda Water, Angostura Bitters). Every single thing I put into my mouth was out of this world. Like, mouthwatering delicious. The service was outstanding and I commend the company for their passion for food and dedication to exemplary customer service.
The new hype in Miami is southern style food and YardBird was one of the pioneers in this new restaurant fad. I'm not a big fan of fried foods but this place was pretty good. Service was good once we got a table, but this place was so popular that there was obviously a wait on a Saturday night. All of their food on the menu is very unique, and so are their drinks. Mac and Cheese was decent but not the best I've ever had, but I'm pretty picky with my mac & cheese. We ordered the fried chicken and it was tasty but our friends said the chicken and muffins appetizer was better the last time we went there. I'll definitely go back if it's for a special event or someone invites me, but it won't be my top choice for a Sobe restaurant. Actually, I prefer their sister restaurant called Khong, which is the same owner and is also on Sobe.
Tracy was our waiter. He was great. We had some people who didn't know bourbon and he was able to recommend some easier lighter drinking libations for them. Smoked Pear was creative and good. As for the food...exactly what we wanted. Each was well done. Tomato BLT and fried chicken were the highlights. Fried Green Tomato BLT Roasted Baby Beet Salad Llewellyn's Fine Fried Chicken Macaroni and Cheese Grits Corn - fresh grilled sweet corn, lightly fried hominy, crispy cornbread crumbles House Cut Fries Will go again next winter!
The first time I tried Yardbird it was to celebrate my supervisor's birthday with our co-workers. We were seated by a long, beautiful, rustic wooden table. I enjoyed the fact that this place is perfect for groups. We all shared our appetizers and entrees, except for our desserts. LOL! I don't play. The second time around, I suggested to my husband for us to come for dinner on Valentine's Day. And he loved it!! This place also has a nice ambience for dates. The waiter was so polite and attentive. I felt he went out of his way to make our night feel special & romantic. The food will definitely knock your socks off. You will get what you pay for but it's sooo worth the price. You want chicken on a biscuit with jelly, ribs and yummy bourbon drinks?? The desserts will not disappoint either.   Parking sucks though so be sure to go there with ample time. I also suggest for you to make a reservation for special occasions or group settings
Not all it's cracked up to be. The biscuits were good but that was about it. Our waitress said the portions were big enough to share.....I don't know what her definition of big is....and it's too expensive for how bad it tastes
Amazing food, service and atmosphere. The widest selection of bourbon I have seen in a long time. Frogs legs were a great treat.
Food, drinks, service, ambiance - everything here is great.
All I can say is YUM! This food is wonderful, well presented Southern comfort food. The place is noisy.  The portions a huge perfect for sharing, we had the BLT Green Fried Tomatoes, delicious crunchy with a cheese sauce and a thick slice of bacon these were the best I've had, ever, BBQ rib sandwich with pickled onions, outstanding macaroni and cheese and a healthy and beautiful beet salad, All accompanied by wonderful bloody mary's. The service is impeccable. Seating can be tight.
We  hit the ground running and my wife insisted that we stop and boy am I glad. From the moment you walk in the door, it is on and popping. We had the most INSANE dish that took me back to when I was a young lad in Louisiana. Imagine this: Perfectly fried chicken, amazing Mac n Cheese and an insane Waffle with a Sweet Relish that will take you to your knees. The manager Maria, Debbie and the Cameron Diaz lookalike Sarah made us feel like movie stars. Upon leaving, we made reservations to return later in the week. This time around we came back for the Brunch. The cheese grits, home cut fries and the freakin amazing cheese waffle are to die for. I say - RUN! Don't Walk to this awesome spot!!
The food was outstanding, betty had the yardbird cheff salad and I had the chicken plus a pumkin side, the corn that was with bettys salad, simply heavenly. Dessert: banana pudding
The best Southern food I've had, and probably one of the better meals I've had in a long time.  Don't miss this place.
Tip- go for a late lunch or early dinner and there is no wait. Altho, food is well worth a wait. And i don't even like fried chicken! Ingredients are top quality.  Simple presentations like strewn pickled onions and okra spoke volumes-every bite was an explosion of flavor and texture. Pork belly bacon is thick, soft and succulent.  Buttermilk biscuits are flakey and dense at once. Charred okra so perfectly cooked we could even eat the tops. Kale has big, tart vinegar kick. I even loved the chicken!
Amazing Brunch!!!  Nice ambiance and impeccable service!  I will definitely become a regular when in Miami.
Beatiful place, great location, interesting menu, not so good excecution.
Must haves:  Fried green tomatoes with pork belly; chicken & waffles; pork ribs; mac n cheese; 5 apples drink. Huge portions.  One appetizer, 3 entrees & 2 sides for 4 hungry people and we still took food home. Great service.
If you must decide which meal of the day you should eat at Yardbird for - choose Sunday brunch over dinner any day of the week. Pro-tips: - Make reservations in advance. This place is the new hotness, and you don't want to wait around for over an hour. - Valet. Just do it. It's $10, but parking anywhere in the area is pretty terrible. - Order the Blackberry Lemonade (bourbon). I don't care what time it is. Do it. What to order for brunch: - Quiche. Excellently flaky and savory. - Sausage. - Big stack of pancakes. Even my pancake-hating spouse loved them. - Eggs Benedict. Came in a pan and was incredibly delicious. Skip the banana bread, especially if you've already ordered something sweet. I need to have dinner here again in order to make a fair assessment. I came here with my extremely food-conservative Cuban parents who claimed the ribs, fried chicken, etc. were comparable to big chains such as KFC (I really, really hope no one at the restaurant heard them), and she actually compared the meat loaf to vaca frita. Ugh, I know. Service is efficient and fast, no special touch or uniquely friendly. They've got plenty of tables to process. Overall: Yardbird has a feel-good Southern theme with a foodie touch. Miami loves you.
Very high quality food, although it does not come cheap.
Not real Southern cooking -- the portions are too small for that -- but very, very good nonetheless. I had a small plate of fried chicken and biscuits, and a small plate of deviled eggs. Combined, more than enough to satisfy my appetite. And they were delicious. My partner had chicken and dumplings, which were disappointing. But his beet salad with (candied?) pecans was excellent.
I've been a couple of times to this place, and I'm not gonna bore you. For brunch: - wedge saladad - chicken and waffles It will be a meal you'll talk about for some time. Really good. I would skip tge blt eggs benedict....it's difficult that they bring them rightly cooked. If you order them just take a good look at them for overcooking. If they're overcooked ask for a replacement (this is why I'm not giving the 5 stars, they overcooked this plate) Service is great (the waiter was prpactive and changed the plate before we even told him)  and the drinks with bourbon are a must! Enjoy!
I came here after a friend had suggested it to me. I like the atmosphere...its a casual place just off of lincoln dr. I was expecting an unreal experience and I did kind of get that but I am giving this place 3 stars and not 5 because I think it is overpriced for what they are serving and the portions. It is southern food at its best, but still I think it is overpriced. Our waitress was Ariana and was absolutely wonderful, friendly, welcoming and kind-mannered. She explained the menu to us and said that the portions are meant for sharing...which was a good thing because fried chicken for one dish at $36...I was skeptical, but I still wanted to give it a shot. It was three of us so we each shared what we got. MANCHESTER QUAIL "UNDER THE BRICK" I have never had quail before so we decided we should try something new. It comes with farro salad on the bottom. Ariana mentioned to us that it does take the longest to cook because the quail is literally placed under a brick and cooked.  It was one of the most tender, juiciest, flavor full pieces of meat I have ever had, but for $14 the pieces was very small- it was about 4 pieces if I remember correctly all different sizes and tiny thin pieces. It is worth a try though. I almost wish they made the pieces larger and served it as an entree. CHICKEN N' WAFFLES N' WATERMELON Our waitress Ariana mentioned to us that their main dish here is the fried chicken (of course it is a southern place) so we got this dish. It comes with 4 pieces of fried chicken, a waffle and a few pieces of watermelon. It looks big when you first get it but if I was super hungry I could probably eat this by myself. We shared with the 3 of us. There was one piece of breast, a drumstick, another breast but smaller and a wing...I honestly don't even count the wing because there was no meat on it. It comes with two delicious sauces a spicy one and a bourbon syrup which was really interesting. I didn't like the green tomatoes on top of the waffle so you might want to ask for them to be on the side if you want. The waffle was really good. The fried chicken to me was just fried chicken honestly. It was good, but not $36 good. MACARONI AND CHEESE This was a good macaroni and cheese..again nothing special...they could add something more to it to make it special. maybe bacon. Again, this was good and we got it because we are at a southern comfort restaurant but it is a small dish for $10. I would pay maybe $7 for this. They should make the portion bigger for $10 and add something more to it to make it a special mac n cheese. DESSERT: BACON BUTTERSCOTCH CAKE This was the most interesting thing we saw on the menu. Our waitress suggested the key lime pie donut holes, but we wanted to try this instead. Bacon in cake.... really?! for $12 we thought it was worth the try. When the cake first came out we thought it was huge...we shared it amongst the 3 of us. At first you don't know where the bacon is hidden...there's no strip of bacon (although that is a cute idea) anywhere to be found and honestly, I completely forgot we got the bacon cake until I tried the frosting (my first bite) The frosting at first has a bacon taste then very quickly becomes spicy there after. I was taken back but it was the best dessert experience I have ever had...EVER! This was the "unreal experience" I was looking for. It really was something spectacular and out of the ordinary (this is the experience I was looking for in the previous entrees- but the dessert made up for it). If you go there I suggest you try this...it really is interesting. But Ariana told us that they change the dessert menu every 2 weeks so get it while you can!! Other than the food, the service was really good. We always felt attended to, and other waiters helped us if our waitress was busy.
Ok. Round 2. Thus time I went with a smaller group and different expectations. It was soooo much better. So much. We started of with a bunch of appetizers.  Mac n cheese still THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD. We also got to add their meat loaf as THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD.  We also had their pumpkin and some cheese dip sort of thing. Both great and delightfully unique. We also ordered the biscuits again and wanted to lick the little jars they brought for butter---that good. I ordered this drink I forget what it was but I've been thinking about it since. I'm going back just for that dang drink. I see it happening. Entrees we got the fried chicken, still not my favorite & the pork which was a giant thick piece that we couldn't finish.  In the end..we paid a fair price for the amount of food we ate. It was 4 of us and we paid like $190 after tax and tip. We probably could've done without the $30 pork but it's worth it if you got room. We didn't order and sweets this time around tho. Awesome. A+
Love the food here! The chicken and waffles is awesome! And the Mac and cheese yum! One of my fave places!
Southern food done perfectly. Great service. Mama's Chicken Biscuits are a must. We order them everytime we go!
With all the hype, I was really looking forward to going here. We had the fried chicken (obviously) with biscuits and watermelon and an order of mac and cheese. I found everything to be on the salty side. Glad that the chicken is free range, which is rare to find in restaurants, but unfortunately it was too salty for me and didn't love the flavor. There was nothing that stood out to me, except for the really good service and atmosphere.
The service, ambience, location is all amazing!! NOT impressed with the food, as my boyfriend describes it best "Publix fried chicken is better tasting". I will say that the watermelon that came with fried chicken was delicious. Although, for the overpricing, the food is not impressive. My boyfriend had been there twice, the second time was for me to experience it and yet he didn't enjoy the food both times.
Yardbird was a wondeful experience. A little on the crowded side, loud, but overall a neat atmosphere. I ordered the Farmers salad which was excellent. The smoked/grilled corn on it was so tasty and the dressing was amazing. Certainly enough to share. Next I ordered the 'meat loaf' which more or less consisted of pulled beef mushed into cubes and fried? grilled? Either way it tasted good with the mashed potatoes. The biscuits were pretty tasty as well with the honey butter. War of the Roses drink - on point. I would highly recommend this place. The dessert sounded amazing but just could not fit anymore food in my stomach! Yum yum yum
Thank you dear baby Jesus for bringing together the parents and assisting in the procreation of the chef that created the magnificence that is "Yard Bird"........ahhhhhh! ( then enter the cherubs).   The hubster and I went in for a brunch date on a Sunday afternoon.   It was smoldering hot outside so we decided to put our names on the 45 minute wait list and take a quick walk.  We considered going to Van Dykes cause we were starving, however, my spider senses told me that that was a bad choice.  We returned to Yardbird and were quickly sat by a very pleasant hostess.   Our waitress suggested we share our brunch entrees so we ordered the BLT eggs Benedict and the pancakes, along with the break fast muffins.  It was more than enough food for 2 people.   OMG ! the food was amazing. So good, that  my husband had to ask me to stop moaning while I ate because people were beginning to stare.   We also tried the bourbon watermelon drink, very refreshing with a nice little kick.   We will definitely be back to try dinner!!! My only recommendation to the lovely owner is maybe investing in an awning outside with some fans for the waiting restaurant patrons.
Very good food with a creative southern twist. Great South Beach atmosphere. Attentive and knowledgeable staff. Make reservations a week in advance for a good table time. Great selection of redneck booze. This place is different and that's a good thing. If there is a knock of this place it is the fact that it is small, loud and crowded. The menu is limited but the prices are reasonable.
I was a bit skeptical just because of the name but this place ranked high on Yelp and came highly recommended my our Hotel! I made an 11am reservation on Open Table for Brunch because I know hangovers from hanging on South Beach would be real once that sun rose! We arrived and were seated immediately and I was highly impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Our waitress came over and gave the rundown of the specials as our heads were like those of bobble dolls watching all the delectable plates pass us by. We all needed coffee and OJ stat and she returned expeditiously with our drink orders. My husband and I both got the Today's Omelet; we agreed to split the Big Ol' Cheddar Waffle and some Grits. The other guest with us got the Chicken Watermelon and Waffle.....needless to say there was a lot of cross sharing going on! Everything was absolutely delicious and we even had enough leftovers to take home and enjoy for the next morning's breakfast! I did check in of course and I received a very warm thanks for visiting with a request to come back upon my next trip to MIA and without a doubt Yarbird is definitely on my Top 5 must have list for South Beach!
After much searching for great food in Miami, we settled on trying this place out. Glad we did. The fried chicken was absolute heaven. Southern food at its best! I will be trying to replicate this recipe for months... "Ya'll" should try er out.
Yardbird's Southern fried chicken is a revelation.  Rarely can one find exquisite Southern cuisine outside the confines of the somewhat murky borders of the Deep South, but this restaurant captures the essence of Southern flavor in a mystifying combination of interesting spices, a nice crispy brown exterior, and lusciously soft chicken (save for one of my pieces that ended up moderately overcooked).  Indeed, I'd never guess that one of the best preparations of this Southern favorite would be found in the heart of a decidedly international playground, but Yardbird's preparation is arguably the best I've ever had.   The Kentucky bourbon inspired cocktail menu resonates well with individuals who enjoy tried and true favorites as well as those looking for a more eclectic experience.  However, with over forty listed Kentucky bourbons on the menu (and quite a few off menu secrets), I'd suggest eschewing the cocktail experience altogether and sampling from the most impressive bourbon list I've seen outside of Kentucky's borders.  Natives of that state will indicate that the price you are paying is quite steep, but perhaps if you speak to some of the regulars, you might be introduced to some higher end selections that are certainly worth your time.   Yardbird is an absolute must in South Beach for anyone who enjoys the essence of the Southern culinary experience (and for anyone who wants a brief respite from the never ending South Beach party scene).  I'd give it my highest recommendation.
I don't like to go in to detail about my reviews but this place has the BEST chicken EVER. Must try......  Also make sure you order their ice tea and the biscuits.
From the moment we walked what a great experience. We went for brunch on a Sunday afternoon and were given a great table by the window. Our server Robert immediately greeted us and  explained the menu and took our drink orders. Mimosas and Blackberry Lemonade made with bourbon in a mason jar were refreshing. We ordered the fresh fruit and granola with yogurt to start and then went for the Southern comfort cooking. I have to say everything was fresh and spectacular. Some of our favorites the chicken and biscuits, pecan french toast, grits with eggs and ham and for desert the donut with bacon. We also ordered the fries and the omelette all was great and freshly made. Food comes out as it is made so you can nibble and share a little bit of everything. We will definitely be back to try dinner. The menu sounded delicious. Take a drive and try Yardbird definately worth the experience!
Dining in Miami Beach is so posh. Our trip to Yardbird was every bit amazing. Top notch service, great cocktails, and comfort food to warm the soul. Our group started with drinks, logically. Mine was refreshing -- and came in a mason jar. Oh so southern. There were four meat eaters, a pescatarian, and a vegan dining together. I must say, the kitchen, chef, and waiter were so beyond accommodating for our vegan friend. #impressed. They made a dish especially for her -- a vegan take on the fennel bulb dish. The waiter made sure to confirm what couldn't be in the dish, chatted with the chef, who loves to improvise in the kitchen. Our friend couldn't have enjoyed her dish any more. She wanted a second one just so she could revel in the flavors all over again. So in short, Yardbird is accommodating to the vegans! In my case, I will eat all of the meats. We ordered the sampler dish for four to share, along with Mac and cheese and grits. Pretty sure we didn't consume veggies that day. Anyway, the chicken was uber crispy, so well seasoned, and dunked in that maple glaze. Oh heavenly! Mac and cheese -- so rich -- thick, chunky noodles coated with this pure cheddar smoky cheese sauce. I couldn't stop eating it and felt bad for hogging most of it. This is a must order!! Grits -- I prefer mine creamy. This dish is more like a polenta cake. It has a smoky flavor to it which is a nice balance with the creamy, cheesy component. All in all, I was satisfied. Give this spot a whirl. Thanks to Blue A for the suggestion. He did not steer us wrong!
Yum. Southern comfort trendy. Chicken and waffles a must. A vibrant upbeat atmosphere with a refreshing concept and tasty food. Bar service also very nice, waiters are helpful and friendly. Overall, a great place!
J'adore!!!!!!!!!! And I'm not even French. Nor Southern (although I like to believe I was in a different life or something). What's not to love about the quirky and beautiful decor, hot chef, delicious food, and uh-mazing drinks? Packed on a Wednesday to the brim! And there's a reason why. We had the chicken n' biscuits and shared the half chicken with waffles. Also ordered the cauliflower mashed. Everything was scrumptions. I'm willing to bypass the fact the mashed needed a bit of salt because seriously, it was that good. I think I'll definitely have the shrimp and grits next time and the macaroni n' cheese which looked out-of-this-world-good. Please do go. Thank me later.
Very nice setting. Family style portions
Great drinks, cool decor and food was good.  Nothing special on the menu as I have had most of these items before, but the present it well. Really a great place for drinks with plenty of good food to keep your buz happy.
Kinda gotta say that I pretty much only add a yelp review if I'm that moved to rave about 5 star service (or if it's minus 5 star the opposite way, but even then I wouldn't waste time writing paragraphs on bad service Id just go all out on Twitter.) Let it be known that everything you ever wanted in "southern cuisine" (big difference in "soul food" and "southern cuisine" the latter went to Harvard, the former went to City College--still the same contents, but different interpretations. Both the breakfast and dinner menus are 5 star all the way. And despite the so worth it wait. You'll go through, this is bar none the best Shrimp & Grits, Chicken & Watermelon (yeah I was *gasping too Til I tried it) food you can consume in one setting (actually I lied, I'm always doggie bagging it home) I hate tomatoes and yet I tear up their Fried Green Tomatoes Every TIME! NomNomNom I have satisfaction everytime I eat here!
Best southern food I've had in Miami. We got splendid service by Stephanie. The cocktails are excellent too. Portions are big, we got the chicken and waffles and an appetizer and shared it between the two - more than enough.
love the food. nice to have something different in south beach.
Great food, atmosphere, and service.  I had a minor dietary restriction and they were very accommodating.  I will be back.
We went for lunch recently after a business meeting on Lincoln Road. Wow. Reminded us of the restaurants we love in Charleston.   We had the iceberg wedge (huge), the fried green tomato BLT (amazing with pork belly), BLT sandwich (again with pork belly ) and Mama's chicken and biscuits. Our favorite was definitely the fried green tomato BLT. Crunchy and savory with a tomato jam and the soft rich pork belly. Good thing we don't live closer otherwise I'd be reaping the dangers of too much wonderful southern comfort food.
The food, decor, service and location are all top notch. We were in Miami for a business convention and met some family at YardBird. Before arriving we were a little confused going to a southern fried chicken restaurant in South Beach. All our questions were answered quickly. When you walk into the place it's sexy and sleek. Completely works in Miami. We decided to go all out and order a little bit of everything. From fried pickles to chicken and waffles, Mac n Cheese, chicken biscuits , Ribs to frog legs. Each menu item was delicious. The ribs were a little dry but everything else was so good it didn't matter. The frog legs were amazing! I'd recommend giving them a shot. Must try chicken waffles and watermelon. The waffles are very tasty and the chicken is tender. They also have a very unique cocktail list. Mostly based off of bourbon drinks. We tried 5 different drinks and the consensus was we enjoyed all of them. The blackberry bourbon lemonade was refreshing. We definitely made the mistake of ordering too much food. I would recommend ordering less than you think you'll eat because the portions are large on some menu items. Also you can always order more if you're still hungry. Save room for desert. Their pastry chef is a beast in the Kitchen.
I went here on a Saturday before the dinner crowd. Walked right in, no wait. Sat at a table right in front of the kitchen. Wasn't noisy at all, nice atmosphere. The staff was extremely nice and helpful, they get 5 stars. Now as far as the food goes...it was good, not great. I had the shrimp and grits, a bit salty but good. The deviled eggs were also good but the biscuits were the highlight of the evening. The chicken and waffles left me in need of flavor and seasonings. The Mac and cheese was by far the worst I've tasted. They clearly did not use shredded cheese, maybe something processed. All in all, I'd go back but try something else.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about yardbird? It's amazing. Service is great. You know a place is good when you arrive on a Tuesday night and it's a full house. We had the blt as an appetizer, I loved it, I love fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese reminds me of Latin pasta de bocadito which being brought up in a Latin household I fully enjoy, the pork belly is the perfect addition, cut thick and cooked just right. We then chose the chicken and waffles and a side of Mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was great, it's equally as good if not the exact same as the one at swine. The chicken and waffles, WOW, I am still drooling over that chicken, fried and juicy goodness. The waffles that it comes paired with are outstanding, the relish that's on top of the waffls and the hot sauce and syrup that come on the side are just, I'll say it again, WOW. We picked from their new dessert menu the crunch m munch bread pudding. It's a chocolate ooey gooey bread pudding topped with m&ms, caramel popcorn ice cream and caramel popcorn and pretzels. It was delicious but we were so full we couldn't finish it. Make reservations in advance and enjoy this wonderful restaurant.
I had almost forgotten to write a review about this place....what can I say....the food was amazing!!  Our waiter was phenomenal, the beer selection and the drinks were fantastic....all in all 10 out of 10.  The chicken and biscuits were crazy!! The chicken and sweet tea braised ribs....amazing!  We will definitely be coming back to this place!!! It's a must go if you haven't been.
December 2012 was my first visit.  I've been back several times.  I love this place. Lunches only. Service is good, food is good. (Parking is difficult to find - 1 star )
This place provided the ABSOLUTE best meal of my life...yes, I experienced my first food-orgasm and it was legendary! I'm such a big foodie from NJ and I cannot stress how amazing the food was...I would like to thank all the yelpers that recommended this place...you have greatly enhanced my life lol. Anyway we had the crispy, well-season chicken n flavorful waffles with a buffalo trace bourbon maple syrup(mouth watering goodness), Mac n cheese...perfection! WAIT, it gets better, you must try the blackberry bourbon lemonade...talk about refreshing!!!! The service was amazing, shout out to ANDY! ;-) You have the coolest mustache lol. Anyway, Andy was awesome enough to let us know that the original chefs at this restaurant opened a NYC location called Root & Bone, which btw was pretty awesome! We loved this place so much that if I'm (or we lol) ever in Miami, you know where I'll be eating!!
What can I say about this place? It's situated in a really touristy shopping area, and even though we had reservations on a Saturday night, it still took quite a while for us to be seated. Don't get me started on the parking situation. There's metered street parking if you're lucky, otherwise you have paid lots or a really full garage to choose from. I circled the restaurant for 20 minutes before I was lucky enough to find a spot. I chose 4 stars instead of 5 because of the wait we endured even though we had reservations.   Yardbird is definitely "low country" fare, similar to what one would find in Savannah or Charleston. It's pretty damned tasty food. We started with the chicken and biscuit sliders. I think I cursed out loud after my first bite. I may have cursed even more as I had a delicious rib (and I'm not usually a rib eater). I'm almost positive I was getting dirty looks for the blue streak I uttered after the mac and cheese and chicken and waffles. This place is not for someone who intends on counting calories. If you're going to go, just go and eat, but maybe just have celery and X-Lax for a week after to even things out.
This is the first time I update a review and I'm very excited about it. I dined at Yardbird yet again, only this time it was not with a date or an intimate group of friends. I was actually one of a party of 26 who were all there to celebrate a dear friends birthday (she is very loved). We had one waiter--one very patient waiter with a heart of gold took our massive drink and food order and delivered it to perfection. You'd think that service would slack and mess up our order left and right, but they didn't. Our food arrived all at the same time, without error or delay. When we got our bill we forgot to ask for a dessert for the birthday girl and the waiter brought her a massive piece of chocolate cake, candle and all with a big smile on his face. And when it was finally time to split our bill, (which was like 26 students studying for an algebra test 30 minutes before our exam) our waiter waited for us calm and collected and with a genuine smile on his face. New dish I tried to add to the list: Waffle fries with buttermilk ranch and bacon salt. ZOMG. Amazing. If you're reading this review, you should know by now how I feel about the food, but now you know how commendable and impeccable the service is. I love you, Yardbird!
What's not to love? I  have been here numerous times and I have loved all my visits. The staff is nice and helpful. The food is amazing. The drinks are good. The ambiance is comforting. I love it. One of my fav places in miami.
Very nice server, super friendly, helpful, knowledgeable about the menu and enthusiastic.  She made the experience so great.  This restaurant very much feels like a Chicago type restaurant, casual, laid back, creative twist on traditional fare, and a creative cocktail menu.  The servers also seem very laid back, normal types, not snooty.  The only difference from Chicago that I could see was the eating crowd, which consists of gorgeous people. I really do not understand how they can consume fried chicken.  There were some big people too, but mostly skinny model types.  They must not eat for a week before and a week after.  My friends really enjoyed the food, I love a biscuit, but I also love Popeyes.  Sorry!!  I learned what a chess pie is, which I didn't know before, it was a learning experience!  Very good lemon and blueberry compote chess cake.  I would definitely go back.  The prices were very reasonable considering the location, the buzz, the chef.  Your money will go a long way.
5 stars because I can't give more!!! This is a great place in terms of food, drinks, services, interior and atmosphere. The quality of food are exactly as described; they use the top quality ingredients (like free ranch chicken). Their services and host (Julian) know how to take care of your party to ensure only the best experience are offered. Drinks are available with multiple unique choices. We had the bone marrow, frog leg, beef tartare and chicken; and enjoyed to the last bit of it! Totally recommend. Don't miss out!!
Lordy lordy! Any good bachelorette party needs a fantastic brunch-type meal. After reading about Yardbird, our bride was extremely excited because, well, bourbon. We showed up for our reservation (I'm actually surprised they take reservations!), and I was quite happy we had made one as the place was packed. Good sign. Our server was super nice, and super helpful, and got us started with some drink recommendations. Which we happily took. I quite enjoyed my blackberry bourbon lemonade. And maybe a second one. We definitely had to hold back from wanting to order everything on the menu. So, we did it smorgasbord style. There was chicken and biscuits, there was a watermelon/tomato salad, there were waffles, there was mac and cheese, and there was shrimp and grits. And ALL of it was so, so good. If this is what the south is, I'd consider moving there. Excellent contribution to the festivities, Yardbird. I would love to come back the next time I'm in the MIA.
Really nice and flavorful Southern food.  Combinations of food are interesting. Beautiful decor and always a vibrant crowd. The only problem is the menu composition is hard to understand- are you supposed to share or not?  Is it little dishes or tapas or regular dinner? Food sizes can be miserly or generous so it can be hit or miss on volume but never taste.
One of the best places to eat on the beach. I have been frequenting it since it opened. It is consistent, service is excellent and they will make you their old cocktails that are no longer on the menu. Best fried chicken.
Phenomenal food, the prices are a bit steep but it's expected for Miami beach. Great service once you manage to sit down because there is always a line and an hour wait. It's worth it. My favorite meal are the ribs. That sauce is spectacular.
Transcendent. Thank you Yelp!  Visiting Miami from San Francisco and Yardbird has redefined for me what Southern food should taste like. Every course was spot on. Favorites were the Mac and Cheese, Chicken and Waffles, and the biscuits.  You can't go wrong with this place.
Yardbird rocks. On South Beach, especially near Lincoln Road, restaurants come and go like pop stars. One week, you're hot. The next, you're garbage. Places come and places go. Sometimes, really good restaurants even disappear. Sometimes, simply because they were no longer "hot." Or "cool." Or both. That's just kind of how it goes there on South Beach. To call it fickle or trendy or flighty would be like saying Miley Cyrus is "a little bit naughty sometimes." But Yardbird has been hot - and stayed hot - since the day it opened, and for good reason. Actually, several reasons. I'd start with the decor, aura and attitude. The Yardbird "brand," if you will. The exterior of this place effortlessly captures the air of South Beach in the days of Muhammad Ali and The Fifth Street Gym, while the interior is an excellent, brilliant blend of Down Home Southern Road House and Chic South Beach Hot Spot. The chalk writing motif is carried throughout quite well, and there's even a picture of Johnny Cash giving you the finger in the men's room (or was it his booking photo?...I can't recall at the moment). Of course, the food here is excellent too. You won't cut weight eating here, but you will leave smiling. I especially loved the chicken and biscuits, and the deviled eggs were freaking incredible too. The dessert menu is often incredible as well, and there's all kinds of beers and booze to choose from if you're into that sort of thing (Personally, I'm not...anymore). I'm not a Southerner, so I can't fully attest to the "authenticity" of the cuisine here. But I can tell you it tastes incredible. The way they do the friend chicken here is particularly awesome. And addicting. I can also tell you that when visiting NBA teams are in town, many of the players can be spotted dining at Yardbird. A lot of famous musicians and entertainers have been spotted in here too, so if you're into the South Beach Celebrity Sighting Game, you'll have fun here too. I haven't eaten at Yardbird in several months now, so I can't speak to how well it's maintained its consistency in cuisine. But I do know that when I ate there, I loved it. And left craving more. And I have some friends who tell me it's still top-notch. Like anywhere in South Beach, you might want to make a reservation beforehand. And be wary of getting a table on a weekend evening. But whenever you eat here, you'll likely enjoy it.
Really cool place. Love the atmosphere. It's as if you have stepped out of Miami, and into the deep South. Not your typical SoBe restaurant, which is refreshing. Place was packed, but was able to sit at the bar. Portions are huge and could be shared. I had the Shrimp and Grits, one of their specialty bourbon cocktails, and banana pudding for desert.....DELISH!!! I cannot remember what my friend had but she LOVED HERS! We both really liked the place, people and food. It was the total package. Bar staff was very friendly and helpful. Their suggestions were great. Other people dining were friendly and shared their recommendations, as well. Next time I'm trying their Fried Green Tomatoes.
Hands down the best fried chicken out there. And biscuits. The mama's chicken biscuit was crazy good and the blue plate was equally delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed the fried green tomatoes and the Mac and cheese. Service and atmosphere were wonderful. Overall, one of my new favorite places. Loved it!
This was my first southern food experience on vacation to Miami, and I was not disappointed! The decor is modern and beautiful..what I wish my kitchen looked like, the drink menu was interesting and fun- try the blackberry lemonade! The food was incredible! We had the friend green tomato BLT ( I still dream about it every day), the fried chicken and biscuts (amazing!!) and the mac and cheese (rated top 10 in the country and to die for) and the grits (this was my first time trying grits, and they were really yummy). A little pricey but worth every penny. A definite must! Can't wait to come back!
Eating at Yardbird was a such a trip highlight! We came from a bad hotel experience to the restaurant and were an hour early -- the restaurant was packed. The girls up front were so nice and accommodating, and sat us early. We ordered the chicken + waffles + watermelon (there is PLENTY of food to share for 2), the charred okra, fries and we started with the fried pickles. Holy wow were those pickles amazing!! I had a Blackberry, Lemonade Bourbon cocktail that was probably one of my favorite drinks I've ever had, and I travel frequently. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Miami. It was a great restaurant experience. *I highly recommend reservations and getting there early if you don't plan to valet your car.
I've been plenty of times and never had a complaint once I've been seated. Food is always amazing and the servers are always amazing. I wish the bathrooms were as nice as the rest of the place, though.
Food, service and ambiance all 5 star.  Fried chicken in amazing.  The bourbon drinks are yummy also.
Everything was fabulous. A must have in Miami!!
Yard Bird is such a fantastic place to get a meal. From the time you walk in to the time you leave it feels like home. They use nothing but local products. The food tastes just like it came out of your grandmother's kitchen but with an elevated twist. Great staff, great drinks, great food. Worth the wait for a table folks.
With over 1,000 reviews and a 4.5 star average, this place is doing something right! I love, love, love the charming rustic decor of this place. It's very warm and welcoming (and makes me want to redecorate my home). The food is all about southern staples... I believe everything is made with a teaspoon of love. My husband and I started with a basket of warm biscuits that are served with homemade honey butter and fresh strawberry jam. So good! I'm a huge fan of chicken and waffles, so we split an order as it's definitely big enough to share. It includes two thick cheddar waffles, half of a hot sauce infused chicken served in four separate pieces, and a side of mint infused watermelon. I'm now convinced that more places need to infuse their food items! It was such a treat! I so badly wanted to try a dessert... the m&m bread pudding to be exact, but we had zero room for dessert. I guess that means we'll have to come back next time we're in Miami. ;) There are only two things that kept me from giving this place a full five stars. First, the music is deafening. My husband and I had to yell to have a conversation while sitting just two feet apart. The loud music just didn't fit the atmosphere. Also, I feel that the menu is a bit overpriced. I saw chicken and waffles at two other places while dining in Miami, both of which were less than half the price of Yardbird. Infused or not, it shouldn't cost so much.
Underwhelmed. Atmosphere is nice, great corner location with plenty of seating and its full! Parking sucks as does anywhere near Lincoln in south beach. Drinks sound good but to me are average. Appetizer fried chicken n biscuit with pepper jelly is like a fancy Mrs Winners breakfast biscuit for 7 times the price. Scrambled eggs is more like a frittata super dry even with cheese. Shrimp n grits is gravy based vs stew based, shrimp is boiled vs grilled, grits were gummy, not a fan. Won't be back unfortunately. Service was great though, super nice ppl.
Food was good, service was good. I got chicken/ waffles and 2 beers. Wife got the beef brisket and a drink. Like I said it was good, but not $100 for 2 for lunch good. The chicken was cooked well it was very moist, breading was ok. Waffles were cooked well, not crunchy so they went well with the chicken. There was a good amount of food on the plate, but $36 for chicken and waffles. I might of been happier if it was  less chicken and a little cheaper. But again it was still good, just not great
My friends and I went here for brunch on Sunday. My husband and I have been trying to make it over to this restaurant, but they are always so busy. Now we know why. I loved everything about this place. Our server Tracy was super awesome and really took care of us. We ordered the maple BACON doughnuts and biscuits for our appetizers. WOW!!! I'm from TN and these biscuits were super delicious. Entrees we all had omelets, fried chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits, and chocolate chip pancakes. We would recommend all of them. I actually had the pancakes. They were great, but prepare for some major sweetness which I do love! Thanks for making our first time so great. We will be back!!!
Delicious, Great food, great ambience, great location. would love to go back.
Love the decor, food, & staff! I've been for dinner & brunch. Dinner was wonderful. The fried green tomatoes are amazing. Brunch was good. The bacon in the Bloody Mary looked amazing but didn't have it. The fresh jam is delicious. The chicken biscuit was pretty solid. But I have to say the waiter we had Carlos w/the curly hair was probably the most attentive nicest server I've ever had in Miami...his smile was so infectious & he either loved his job & truly am incredibly happy person or the best actor ever (no I don't know this guy). And everyone who works here is just so nice that you feel like you are in the real south far from south beach. Liked brunch but dinner def is the best!
It's okay... Service gets a 6... Food gets a 7.5... I prefer southern food without yardbirds twist
As a new year resolution a promise myself that would refrain from handing out 5 stars too easily. Leave it to me to break that resolution still in January, but this place deserves it. I have been meaning to check Yardbird for while. I have read great reviews but what send me over the top was one of the guys at my weekly pick up basketball game raving about the food. And I cant resist when someone mentions good food. I went with my girlfriend and a couple of friends on a Saturday night. The place was full, but we were seated fairly quick. I had no issues with the waiting, the place is nice and the hostess was extremely pleasant. Plus while waiting to be seated, Miami Heat great Alonzo Mourning walked out. As a fan of the guy, that made my night. We were seated and, as usual, I proceeded to order half of the menu (as is a costume of mine when I try a new place.) For drinks, my girlfriend had the Blackberry bourbon lemonade (deliciously addictive) and I had me a some moonshine (yeehaa!!! channeling my inner-redneck). Let me tell you, nothing warms your tummy like moonshine. For dinner we had the some macaroni and cheese, biscuits, mash potatoes, corn, Lil bit of meat loaf, the sweet tea ribs, the pork chops and the classic Llewellyn's fried chicken and waffles ( I told ya, almost half the menu.) The macaroni and cheese was creamy perfection. the mash was fluffy heaven. The meat loaf....oh the meat loaf, I could go back and just eat the meat loaf. The biscuits were soft and warm and perfect and....I'm hungry just thinking about it. The ribs had an amazing balance between tangy and sweet I had never tasted before. The pork shops were outstanding. The fried chicken and waffle....I could fill a pool of those chicken and waffle dive in it, swim in eat and eat it. In conclusion, don't let me influence or any other review influence your decision. When it comes to Yardbird, JUST GO. I know I cant wait to go back.
I don't know where to begin..,.loved every part of the meal, decor, and experience! After the recommendation from a friend this was on my priority list to try out... Ok let me start with the cute menus with a leather cover... love loved! Family-style southern dining....Completely lives up to its name with the best yardbird I have ever had!!! And the honey tabasco sauce that taste like DC's own "mambo sauce" but spicier was the best part, then the Mac n' cheese, the ribs, shrimp & grits, brussel sprout salad....I am salivating thinking about this meal... Our mission was the food only this go round so next time I would like to try the drinks too...highly recommend if you can pull away from the south beach scene...
The server was just amazing an the hits kept on coming when we were greeted by one of the best chicken biscuits I have ever had.  I consider myself a bit of a C biscuit expert and this place has it down.  The pepper jelly was just the perfect addition to this classic. If you visit miami you have to make this a stop on your trip.
I came here for my birthday dinner with a couple of friends and we all enjoyed the food. Portions were perfect and the food was delicious. The fried chicken was perfection! My only complaint was that the place was really loud and it was difficult to even hear the waiter.
I stopped by for a few drinks one night with a friend. Their specialty drinks are very good. We practically ordered the whole drink menu. Service was a little slow, but it was packed and it was late friday. Manager came around to apologize for the delay. Nice guy. We weren't too hungry so we ordered the chicken biscuits appetizer.....We ordered another one 5 minutes later. It was unbelievably good. The fried oysters were good too. I am coming back for sure to order some entrees.
Great in every way! The location, the design & ambiance, drinks, and most importantly food. This place is foodie heaven comfort food style. Everything there will be good, so I will just leave you with this...order the fried chicken. Its like no fried chicken I've had before (too bad I hit the food wall to enjoy it all). Aside from the wait you may encounter, the service was incredible. Our waiter was fun, and very informative about the dishes.
Went therefor brunch, it was de-lish!! Go if your into southern and modern then you and I will agree!
Ate there several weeks ago and enjoyed our dinner.  Test of a great restaurant is how you remember what you ate and forgot what you paid.  Bottom line- can't recall what we ate.  Aren't in any hurry to return.   Friends say its better for lunch - Maybe it  taste better just because it is more fairly priced for the simple food it is.  Staff friendly, server attentive, nice atmosphere, which combined gets them a good rating.
Great service and beers!!
Went recently and was really disppointed. Partly because I hyped it up to my boyfriend so much based on my past experiences and it just wasn't good. Fried chicken was off, too overdone. Other than the salad we ordered I felt as if the food timing was off, too overdone or underdone. Probably won't be going back for a while.
Update from my original catastrophe here! Started out with chicken biscuits ( very good ) biscuits are definitely homemade from scratch) Next grilled farmer cheese, heirloom tomato, and watermelon salad AMAZING like a burst of flavor explosion in your mouth Entree got fried chicken I say skip chicken and biscuits and offer this wow so good! Half a fried chicken little spicy, and juicy inside crispy outside, served on waffle with watermelon with a cayenne kick. Shrimp and grits this is a staple a must have I just love it! I don't eat pig but the suckling pig was also ordered and I heard it was amazing and came with a grilled grits corn cake, And cole slaw with shredded pig Side   Roasted cauliflower really good with Parmesan and side goat butter Also order a must macaroni and cheese so good, gooey, and sooooooo cheesy Desert bread pudding was ok nothing special especially after a heavy meal. I want to go back for brunch !
For Southern comfort, this is it.  Everything about Yardbird is fantastic.  We felt right at home in the cozy ambiance,I love the pickled veggies in the decor.  The reason I did not give it 5 stars, the tables are too close for 2 tops.  We had snooty diners next to us that made for unpleasant company. Service was fast and friendly.  Our waitress recommended we split a plate of chicken and order sides to share.  She was right, we didn't need more between the two of us. We like to sample a little of everything to see what we like for future visits.  The biscuits we warm and flaky with a housemade jjam.  The chicken was crisp and juicy and seasoned really well.  The Mac and cheese was rich, cheesy and  perfectly al dente.  The greens were bitter with a great balance of vinegar and bacon. For dessert we tried the mud pie.  The flourless cake was decadent and the coffee ice cream complimented it well.  I'm not a big chocolate person, but very much enjoyed this. The signature cocktails were divine and served fittingly in mason jars.  Try the watermelon bourbon drink. If we lived here, we would be regulars without a doubt.  Thanks, Yardbird for a wonderful meal.
So the first great thing about this place is the website name - runchickenrun.com - It's awesome! The decor is great. I loved the chalkboard walls everywhere. The ladies room was very clean and nicely decorated. The fried chicken was everything I've heard about. The mac n cheese was very good. Could have only been made better by adding bacon! (everything is better with bacon :-) I didn't like the watermelon but I've never been a fan of watermelon. Husband had the brisket melt (think that's what it was called) delicious and according to him, even better later that night! The fried chicken came with bread and it was pretty darn good.The service was good, the food was great. And we can now knock this place off our must visit list! It isn't cheap and it's an a la carte menu. The chicken meal was $14, the mac was $10 and it was only enough to share because the entrees are so large. Our waitress told us that was the best way to do the meal and she was right.  Also it was within walking distance from our hotel on Washington Ave. Took us about 20 min. If you visit South Beach area, this needs to be on your must eat list! Next time we're going to go for brunch!
This place is absolutely worth the visit. I'm lucky enough that I live nearby and I can actually come out here once a week. great location there is valet parking but you can walk to it from anywhere on Lincoln Road. the space is very open and there's lots of windows so even when its filled it doesn't feel overwhelming. the food is really special they always have something unique to their menu daily. their cocktails are delicious. I only wish they would have kept the deep fried oysters I guess because they change chefs from the beginning of the opening some things in the menu have changed but still every item is delicious and cooked to perfection. Whether you're a local or you're here on vacation you definitely have to check this place out I mean there is no other place that has this kind of food to such amazing quality the service is great as well 5 stars but in my heart more like 10
What a refreshing change for South Beach. I hate going to South Beach. I feel undressed. I feel overfed and fat. I feel like the wait staff is always bored and very put out having to put up with customers. From the minute I walked in the door, I loved this place. Phenomenal decor. I want to decorate a room in my house like this. I loved the mason jar filament chandelier. I love the wood and the chalkboard paint. You feel at home. The people are the best! They are so warm and welcoming. It's such an ANOMALY in Miami. It throws you off. Everyone says Hello! How are you? The hostesses are so sweet and keep you updated on your table status. The waiter was amazing and so helpful and nice. It was such a pleasure to dine here. I felt like I was dining at a friends place. The food is great. We did all the traditional selections for the first time visitor. We had the fried chicken - amazing - especially with the spicy sauce! We loved the spare ribs with the peppers for added flavor.The fried green tomatoes were so crispy and delicious. A really unique take on a southern fave. We opted for the brussel sprout salad. I only wish there were more brussel sprouts. We enjoyed a couple of bourbon cocktails. Wow! You will only be able to drink one. The blackberry lemonade was great. We ended with a carrot cake. I still have some in the fridge to nibble on this weekend. Very excited. Loved the back story about 50eggs and their decision to own and operate their own hospitality brands built from the ground up. Creative genius. I'm putting their other locations on my list! And I am definitely going back  to Yard Bird next time I am in Miami and taking friends.
This is the best restaurant experience I have had in a very, very long time. They really optimize the dining process in every way possible to a point where you kind of remember the reasons you love going out to eat in the first place. Miami is the kind of city where you're expected to like hyped stuff just because it's hyped. You become complacent to mediocre service because service is bad to mediocre almost everywhere. And for the most part, every meal you can find one place, you can find in 25 others in the same neighborhood. Yardbird is so much better than all of that. We made reservations for brunch for a group of 8. Our table was ready exactly at 11 and they let the guests who arrived early sit without having to wait for the whole party to be complete. Everyone arrived shortly thereafter and we took our seat at a very comfortable table reserved for us. From the beginning, the service was stellar. There was not a single minute where any of us had our water glasses empty. Our plates were cleared in a similar manner. It's the kind of service that isn't so much that it's suffocating but it's really perfect. It's great customer service in a way that rarely even exists nowadays. Now let's talk about the food. Since we were such a big group and everyone had a little of everything, I was able to try many different dishes and they were all spectacular. I started with the BLT Benedict Casserole. This is one of the main reasons this place earns a glowing 5 star review. You would be hard pressed to find a place within 50 miles that doesn't serve brunch, because brunch is popular and everyone offers and everyone mostly offers the same thing. And really, eggs benedict and waffles are almost the same just about everywhere. But Eggs Benedict casserole is a wonderfully innovative way to look at the same old brunch staple in a way that stays true to their Southern charm. Needless to say, it was great. Since their chicken is really what they're known for, I also tried a bit of the chicken and waffles. Once again, they take a concept that is pretty standard and change it up by serving it with spicy Tobasco honey. And to be honest, as a chicken and waffles purist, I thought this might be weird, but it was truly perfect. This isn't on the menu by the way, though they have the chicken and waffles separately but they had no problem whipping it up for us. I also had a bit of the cheesy corn grits and the cheddar waffle, which is complemented perfectly by the relish that's piled on top. Definitely great sides. For dessert, I tried a tiny piece of the Maple Glazed Bacon Doughnut. It's every bit as delicious as it sounds. Their drinks are equally interesting. Though I didn't try any, the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade got rave reviews at my table. They serve the Bloody Mary with a bacon garnish. Enough said. I would love to return, to recommend. Yardbird is worth all the accolades. They know how to be innovative with their food, the service is simply amazing and the atmosphere is warm, welcoming and perfect for a Sunday brunch. This is such a well deserved 5 star review that it makes all other 5 star reviews I've ever given feel like a 4.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Everything we ordered was AMAZING and the service was excellent! I'm a huge foodie and this is by far on the top of my list! Everything was very well executed. You will NOT be disappointed!
Went for brunch. Fried green tomato blt, pecan french toast, chicken biscuits. Everything was delicious! I will be back.
My wife and I ate here for dinner one night during our stay in Miami Beach.  There have been a ton of reviews written on this place, so I probably won't say anything that anyone else hasn't said already.  This a southern food style restaurant, and has many of the the food items you would expect on a southern menu.  The food here is excellent.  We split an order of biscuits to start, which come with homemade butter and jam.  You could tell everything was homemade.  The biscuits had great flavor, and I could've eaten another whole basket of them.  As for our entree, since we read about the portions being so huge, we decided to split the chicken and waffles dish.  It comes with sliced watermelon.  Again, great flavor in both the waffle and the chicken.  Plus, this dish is more than plenty for two people.  I believe it is two breasts and two thighs. I only have two small complaints about Yardbird.  One, and I'll probably sound like an old fuddy duddy for saying this, but the music in there is way too loud.  I felt like I had to yell across the table for my wife to hear our conversation.  I would probably just eat outside next time I come here.  It seemed much more quiet out there.  Or,  maybe I would just come earlier.  We ate around 8 in the evening.  My other small complaint would be in the pricing of their entrees.  The chicken and waffles were excellent, but really, for $36??  They just seemed a bit overpriced to me, but I know people pay it left and right.  I actually saw a bigger portion of chicken and waffles at Big Pink for half the cost.   Again, I don't mean to sound too negative about this place.  The food is really good, just be prepared for higher prices and loud music.  My wife really liked it, so I'm sure we'll be back when we visit Miami again.
I'm gonna have to take the beginning of this review, and say it Brooklyn style..."oh shit son, this joint is the bomb B!!" It really is..this place IS the BOMB.  Granted, it's the newest place to eat in Miami Beach, and damn near impossible to get a table in here..it's well worth it.   I had one of their bourbon specialty drinks, and wasn't impressed.  Maybe it was because I didn't stick to the tried and true, or it was just a weak drink. They more than made up for it with the food.  I had the chicken & waffles, with pickled watermelon on the side; along with the best tasting mac & cheese, short of my mothers.  I'm serious..this place has the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had come out of a restaurant.  Not that crappy "out of a box" stuff most places serve you, where it's all watery..this is old skool goodness.   Back to the chicken & waffles.  The waffles were soft and chewy, with a hint of bourbon in it, the fried chicken was incredible, actually had seasoning, and crispy..and the watermelon..just out of this world.  I can't even explain it into words.   The only reason I honestly gave this place only 4 stars, is because of the damn wait to be seated.  It's almost "too" popular.  They may need to expand!
Possibly the greatest food we ever had. Wish we were in Miami more often!
Don't live on the beach, nor do I follow what's up-and-coming down here.  Accidentally ran into this place last Saturday, during a rainstorm, after seeing a play on Lincoln Road....had no idea what to expect. Well....it was great.  Being from Kentucky, most of the menu is relatively normal to me and what I often make at home.  We had the chicken biscuits and shrimp and grits- pretty good; the BLT - LOVED the fried green tomatos, which should be an appetizer all by themselves!; mac n cheese  - just ok.  However, the ambiance was fantastic!  Really.  So great to see the slide show on the wall with many of my faves - Loretta Lynn, Elvis, and other southern rockers.   The service was impeccable, which I feel is really way to underrepresented in Miami at times.  There was a sommelier, a server, a couple of bussers, and three hostesses, not to mention the manager (owner?)  making his rounds.  Quite impressive.  All of them, by the way, extremely courteous and ready to assist with really great suggestions.   The only reason it gets 4 stars is that I feel the portions could've been a bit larger - not Cheesecake Factory, freekishly large.  Just a bit larger.  Also, the fried chicken needed a little something - salt, garlic, something. Overall, very satisfied with this place.  Hope it makes it, as it should.  You should definitely try it.
So I am going to say it right at the beginning.....I really like this place, its not perfect,  the service is not very good, but the food and atmosphere are really something special, my idea of home eating. The decor is lovely, warm and rustic, although there is nowhere really to hang whilst waiting for a table.  Everyone at the bar stools and bar tables were eating - not small nibbles but big plates. This kind of made it awkward and we were stuck in the middle of trying to avoid bumping into the people seated at the bar whilst they ate but trying to give way to the staff trying to clear tables. We got a table very quickly, in factthe drinks we ordered at the bar were not yet ready, so we had them transferred to the table. Its a bit of  squash on the long bench, and you really are sitting with your neighbors. So if its privacy or intimacy you want this is not the place for it. The open plan kitchen is great so you can see the action,i if you are close enough. Our waiter, was older and basically not quiet with it.  We ordered dinner,  Brunswick Stew (delicious!), House Charcuterie and the special chicken and the side order of biscuits. We also wanted a side of mac and cheese, but our senile waiter was very trying..... first he came back and said there was none, then came back and sad there was a final serving, then finally came back and said the chef was not willing to serve it.  So some clear communication issues going on between the kitchen and the waiting staff. Our main course initially came before all the starters were served or eaten, thanks to the way our server had put in the order.  Once we politely explained that we wanted to have our starters first, the kitchen apologised and made us a fresh main dish once we finished our apps. When the stew came we had to wait almost 15 minutes to get spoons - again due to our server not really being with it.  Just before the main course our server checked on drinks and recommended I try one of the signature bourbon cocktails, As we almost finished our main course the drink still had not come and when I inquired about it, he turned around and said that I had not placed an order with him - my friend and I exchanged a look, as he was completely indignant, as if I was making it up...... The food was really divine, good home style cooking with just enough innovation for being in a restaurant.  I will definitely order the stew again, it was warm and hearty, considering Columbus weekend had been a complete washout, it was exactly what I needed. The roast chicken dinner special again a good home comfort meal - but I do warn everything I saw coming out of the kitchen was huge - I mean huge in portions, so its definitely best to bring a gang and share :) We skipped the desert - I am not really a dessert person and we were stuffed!.   On being delivered the check, we noticed our drinks had not been put on the bill, yet the mac and cheese that was not available had been added. As I could not get the attention of our server I headed to the manager at the front desk, who was very apologetic and grateful for my honesty, so much so, he came back with the check having taken off the mac n cheese AND gave us the drinks on the house. So although there were issues with the service, the food and the atmosphere were just amazing - I am a massive fan of family eating and I definitely want to go back with a big gang for dinner........actually am thinking would make a perfect place for a Thanksgiving dinner.
The wait wasn't as bad as I imagined it would be for a Sunday. I ordered the chicken and biscuit appetizer and Mac and cheese to split. It was so tasty and filling. I enjoyed my whole meal. I'd like to try something different next time. Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked delicious. Good job!
Just skip the other stuff on Lincoln Road, and go here. Same local restaurant group that owns Khong a few blocks away. Amazing atmosphere, friendly servers. Menu: eclectic mix of Southern Comfort meets New American. Good mix. Food: Fantastic. No need to go elsewhere in South Beach for that "one meal" if you're only around for a couple days.
You won't find any other place like this near South Beach!  Everything great about southern-style cooking is on their menu - fried chicken, biscuits, waffles & bourbon!  I had the fried chicken biscuit sandwiches, the fried green tomato BLT, the ham plate, the cheddar waffle with chow chow, and the caramel/bacon/bourbon sundae.  The manager, Nick, made it such a pleasant experience!  Definitely a must try!
The food was amazing.  Everything was delicious!  I would highly recommend it!!!! The only problem was our waiter.  He was a total jerk.
Went with a group of several people. They were nice and split the check for us without any issue. We ate around 9pm on a Sunday. They were out of fried chicken and mashed potatoes. Not a good start. The food was pretty average, which was disappointing. We had expected to be amazed. The fried chicken biscuits were good but parts seemed burned. There was also a raw piece mixed in. The meatloaf was good but not spectacular. We expected a city-life version of cracker barrel with the same delicious food. This was not it. Also be aware that depending on what you order, the potions are NOT family sized. The top part of the dinner menu is really only enough food for one person. The bottom half might be enough for more, but since they were out of fried chicken we never found out.
Another one of the top 100 restaurants in the country I was able to try while down in Miami.  Been meaning to try this place for a while and was really happy I was able to finally get a chance.   After getting seated we looked at the menu and before getting there we already knew what our entrees were going to be since this place is know for some of the best fried chicken and waffles in the country. For apps, we ordered the chicken and biscuits and the fried green tomato BLT.  Chicken and biscuits came out first and as quickly as they arrived, they were gone just as fast as these were just delicious.  Next was the fried green tomato BLT.  When these came, they looked amazing and were crispy and cook to perfection (one of the best apps I have eaten) For entrees, of course we all ordered their famous chicken n' watermelon n' waffles.  The anticipation waiting for this to come out was crazy as I have been waiting to try this for a while and was extremely excited.  Finally, it arrived and there was so much food.  The dish came with a breast, thigh, drumstick and wing and along side was marinated watermelon and these amazing cheddar cheese waffles and if that wasn't enough those were accompanied by some amazing bourbon maple syrup.  To sum up the chicken and waffles I'm just going to say, this was by the best fried chicken I have ever eaten and the best chicken and waffles I have ever had. Hands down!  For sides we ordered the cheesy grits and mac n cheese.  So good. Finally for dessert, we ordered the crunch and munch bread pudding and the homemade ice cream sandwich.  Bread pudding was amazing, some of the best I have had in a long time and the home ice cream sandwich, well you can't really never go wrong with an ice cream sandwich as this was delicious as well. This a definite must try if you are in the Miami Beach area.  This is one place you do not want to pass up and should definitely put on you list of places to try.  I will be going back to try some other menu items as my first experience was excellent as I am sure that next one will be as well.
While not the best fried chicken I've had, Yardbird does a lot of other things right: - Huge Bourbon and whiskey selection (and great cocktails served in mason jars) - Amazing chicken and biscuits! - Good mac & cheese (made with wide curly torchio pasta I've never had before) - Nice open kitchen - Friendly servers - Cool, trendy, yet low-key space (I really liked the way they did the ladies' room) Disappointingly, Yardbird's Llewellyn fried chicken was just decent. The meat was a bit less flavorful than I would have liked, and the skin a bit less crispy than I would have liked, but overall much better dipped in the tabasco honey sauce.
Miami Beach restaurants usually fall into one of two categories: super cheap dive places that consist of pizza and burgers or over-the-top fancy food, usually involving sushi because seriously, people in Miami really, really love sushi as their defacto "cool" (or "Asian") food. Yardbird is neither: It's classy comfort food, with quality local ingredients and great service to match. It actually reminded me a lot of the restaurants in San Francisco, where they emphasize local ingredients over presentation. (That said: the presentation was done really, really well too.) The chicken in the biscuit and the BLT are both ridiculously good. Just go. Go go go.
Cocktails? YUM Deviled eggs? Yes, please AND YUM. Fried chicken? Hell yes! Mmmmmm What can I say? I absolutely loved this place. And the service was so good ,I forgot I was in Miami Beach! Go. Now. Amazeballs.
Nice place and good food but way too expensive for what you get. Tried the mandatory chicken waffles, nothing to write home about.
I'm from Texas, lived in the south my whole life. This was the best chicken n waffles n watermelon I've ever had! The drinks were fantastic. Great vibe. Great service! Wish we would've found this place earlier in our trip.
Overall this was one of the best dining experiences I've had -- Yardbird truly understands food hospitality with a kick. The fare, service, and atmosphere were all paradigmatic of southern comfort and together left us with a warm and everlasting experience. It starts with the dim lighting, smart country design, and buzzing chatter of an in-the-know beach crowd. Our server Abraham was outstanding and already receiving compliments from the table behind us as we sat down. He wore a genuine smile and a charismatic attitude, never rushed and always on point. The food was the comfort menu you would expect but very well-balanced and with Yardbird flare which I'm going to define as treading on experimental while always preserving the integrity of a dish. Standout plates were the chicken liver, oyster soup, frog legs, chicken and waffles and holy shit those biscuits with salt-whipped butter. Every dish was unique, delicious, and complimented the other. Coke in a bottle for that extra comfort.
This place is amazing! The staff is super friendly, and free of any 'south beach' attitude. The decor is also really nice. Basically anything with fried chicken is the way to go here. I had the chicken biscuits for appetizer, and then shared the chicken an waffles with my friend. The chicken was fried perfectly, it was tender, crispy, and the meat just slid off the bone. Strawberry shortcake for dessert was excellent; it felt like it had no added sugar, which balanced out all the flavors. Definitely recommend to anyone!
This place is a great find. Perfect comfort food. Truly awesome southern food. Its not your typical southern restaurant. The food is not overdone with sauces or other add-ons and is cooked to perfection. The place is nicely done with a warm southern welcoming feel. The shortrib meatloaf and mashed potatoes melt in your mouth and the watermelon and cheese stands out. The fried chicken is the dish to get and it's served with waffles and a spicy honey dip (on the side) that really compliments the chicken. The fried green tomatos with pork belly hit the spot as did the gritts. Yum! They have a cool drink menu featuring mostly bourbon. On a Saturday night the bar is a bit crowded but well worth it. Give this place a try you won't be disappointed.
Food here was fantastic. Great southern flavors with some really fun twists. The chicken and biscuits were fantastic, soft fluffy biscuits with perfectly fried chicken and awesome pepper jelly. We had pumpkin beignets that were swimming in a strawberry sauce that were fluffy clouds of flavor. The quiche was also excellent as were the bloody Marys. The staff was helpful and very friendly, will definitely come back when we visit Miami again. The last bite I want to remember from here is going to have to be the pumpkin beignets.
A local favorite! The service is incredible. I sat at the bar and ate once and the bartender was charismatic and helpful. Both times I sat at a table the waiters had great suggestions and were very attentive. If you're eating here, be prepared to EAT. You have to have a pretty healthy appetite because the food is largely portioned and very filling. The best fried food I've ever had (and that's saying a lot because I usually refuse to eat anything fried). I would definitely recommend anyone who is visiting South Beach to try this restaurant.
This place was pretty good. Unfortunately, I had heard so much hype about it that I had super high expectations. I ordered the BLT Benedict Casserole, which was listed as a "Share". It was definitely not enough to share. The concept was unique - bits of biscuit, pork, fried pork belly, and some poached eggs in a skillet with some hollandaise. It was pretty good, but the hollandaise lacked flavor and it just didn't satisfy my desire for benedict.. However, the coffee was amazing, and the atmosphere was delightful & I'd definitely be willing to try again. Perhaps dinner would be better.
Being that I am from Georgia, I tend to grade "southern cooking" restaurants very harshly. The main two reasons is because I been raised on southern cooking & I know how to prepare southern cooking. Back home it would be said that I can "BURN"! ( which is a great wonderful thing)  So with prefacing my review, here we go. lol I have been to Yard Bird on three separate occasions tried three different menu items and  various selections from their cocktail menu.  All I can say is I have could out better going to Publix, getting what I need, and going home to my own kitchen. lol Now  the food is not bad but it sure isn't great either.  From the Chicken & Waffles, to the cheese grits, BLT Benedict, lil muffins, Pumpkin Beignets,  I am bored with this place now. I gave it three tries to see if maybe is was an off day, it was crowded and the cooks were rushing to get the food out. I don't know what it is, this is definitely not REAL SOUTHERN COOKING.
Fried green tomato blt! Best thing I've eaten in a while! Spent all of last night dreaming about eating it again. U must try this! Also don't over look the $10 bottle of merlot! Yes I said it. Last but far from least MOON PIES!!
Went @ 10:30pm Fri and had to wait 20 min for a table :-( Makers mark manhattan $13; glass of wine $10...plus tax/tip ka ching.  Appears hip and trendy..the hot spot for now but we'll see if they can maintain the crowds. Everything a la carte. Dinner portions are large enough to share.  I'd recommend you share an appetizer, entree and side(s). The ribs were tasty, my friend's vegetarian pot pie was delicious also. The food IS good, but I spent $90 and didn't think it was worth it. If I go back, I'd do lunch & try the fried green tomato BLT and/or fried chicken when I don't care about cholesterol levels. The service was decent.
This was probably our favorite meal in Miami. This restaurant has a similar vibe to a lot of the places we enjoy in San Diego. A relaxed environment with great cocktails that the bartenders take pride in, and food that is locally sourced and well prepared. It is a great take on southern cooking, and pretty much all of it can be enjoyed with bourbon in one form or another, which always makes me happy. My wife and I will definitely be back here when we're in town. Warning, they include a tip in your bill!! We were unaware of this, so our lucky waitress got an extra large tip from us that morning! It was all good though, probably made her day.
Before you think I am crazy for giving them 2 stars--read the following. We made reservations for brunch through open table which has never failed me... we arrived and it only took about 6 minutes to be seated. Place was packed, which is always a good sign- or so I thought. Our server Jimena was very courteous despite the hectic pace she was handling, knowledgeable and willing to answer our questions. As our food began to come out, we dived right in. With mimosa in hand, I took a bite out of the oh so juicy and yummy mama's chicken biscuit- explosion of goodness in my mouth! By the time I finished this the expectations had tripled.. and here is where the problem began. Quite some time later my sister got her order. The omelet of the day. Perfectly made, with plenty of good ingredients. As she ate and I waited...and waited...and waited...my sister finished her dish and ordered coffee... the table to our left paid and left, and the table to our right ate and got dessert. Since we had been told food comes out as its made I let some time pass, but I was hungry and my mimosa was done, and now the place had gotten even more chaotic. I called our server over and asked her about my BLT benedict and I could tell she had forgotten by the face she made. She brought it over finally as my heart melted at the sight of this wonderful little cast iron I went right in-- I have not felt this let down in a long time during my dining outings. It was cold..not just lukewarm- but cold. Runny cold eggs just flipping GROSS! I thought maybe I'm exaggerating, so I asked my sis to try them and she could barely swallow it of how cold it was. By then I was done. So I call our server over once again and tell her to please send it back because its cold and to remove it from my bill because we just wanted to leave. She apologized and offered me something else from the menu but there was no turning back. First impressions last a lifetime... All I wanted to get out of there stat. When she came back- well let's say you do not say this to a foodie like me who has a degree in hospitality management... she claimed it wasn't sitting long and it had just come out of the oven. SMH... did she really have to say that??? Here is a lesson on cast iron -- IT IS MADE TO KEEP IT HOT... I could pick this skillet up with my hands and not even feel it warm. We paid and left. Too bad my first time was so bad- I have been to other 50 Eggs places and this was just a let down compared to the others. Such is life, perhaps I will give them another try-- perhaps I wont.
I need to come back to refresh my memory on this place but i'll give it my best shot to be honest and fair. First off, the drinks really are worth coming here alone if you are a fan of old-timer-drinks because they play off them really well creating some really creative and balanced cocktails. Anything with bitters is already an indication where these drinks are going...give them a try even if you are not a bourbon drinker...you will thank me. Oh and as a hipster bonus they are served in mason jars...i secretly want mason jars not to drink out of now...shhhhh don't tell anyone. As an app we had the Mama's Chicken Biscuits...it's chicken, pepper jelly and biscuits. I remember leaving and thinking this was my most enjoyed item i ate that night. I had the duck which was tasty but not too memorable...i thought the side of cabbage was a pretty lame side...i mean...come on, for $33 you can do better (my only complaint) and had the mac and cheese...the second best thing i ate. I might just come here again for drinks and sides and be completely satisfied. i won't lie, i came with some pretty high hopes of this place and maybe that's why i'm just a little let down because it felt pretty average...this is why hype always kills my experience because i believe nothing can match expectations of my wild imagination. ...but the friendly staff, ambiance and the experience made it all worth it. read in terminator's voice: "i'll be back"
WOW, this place Rocks. I did not expect to be blown away but I was. Shrimp and grits- 5 star, fried chicken and waffles--5 star, banana pudding -5star. Great atmosphere, great service, great specialty cocktails. Go to this restaurant if in Miami, I cannot wait to go back! They only bad thing i can say is it does take a while to get a drink, but it is worth the wait..
My husband and I spent the day on Lincoln Road today. As a native Floridian, I am aware of the trappings of bad food displayed beneath Saran wrap that have been the norm on the street. I went to Yelp to see if any new and noteworthy option had popped up since my last visit and I happened upon Yardbird. Just a block off the western end of LR, I would not have thought to check there if I didn't know what I was looking for. And boy would I have missed out! We went at an off hour and sat in the outside patio (although the interior is absolutely GORGEOUS). The server was nice, knowlegdeable and enthusiastic about the product. He was happy to make substitutions based on a food allergy and sweetly brought out some watermelon to distract our infant. We started with the waffle fries with bacon pieces, which was served with buttermilk sauce. I had the Fried Green Tomato BLT, which was DELICIOUS. The bacon was super thick, the fried green tomatoes were cooked perfectly and the rustic bread really added to the experience. My hubby had the Slow Braised Short Rib Sandwich. He was truly impressed with how delicious it was. Both dishes are comfort food that I can see craving and having me make the drive down. Thanks again, Yelpers. You never let me down!
Pretty good comfort food! We came to Yardbird for a bachelorette party dinner for one of my bestest girlfriends. Our table was a great spot in the restaurant that seated our party of 13 all together comfortably. Great atmosphere and classy crowd. We got started of course with drinks! My girl got some peach drink that was very refreshing. I got some bourbon drink that was just too strong for my liking lol but still drank that drink to the bottom. Food was pretty fast! What did we order? -Shrimp n grits -Fried chicken -mango sesame salad (forgot the exact name) -salsbury steak -french crack fries! lol jk but seriously the fries were super addicting - the sauce was ranch that had bacon bits in it So very satisfied with this dinner!
I'll explain why I don't give Yardbird 5 stars after all the good stuff. I went on a Sunday for brunch with a girlfriend. Very cool place, much bigger than Swine. Our server seemed to know way too much about every single plate on the menu, I'm convinced she prepares the meals herself, 5 stars for her. We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes BLT and the only disappointment was the empty plate when they were gone, 5 stars for these guys. Mama's biscuits and roasted brisket sandwich came next. I will never understand how those biscuits made me feel the way they did, but they were so delicious that I almost ordered a day's worth because I felt so hopeless and disoriented without them, 12 stars for them. The brisket sandwich was massive. Very savory and filling, I kept nibbling on the bread even when I realized my stomach reached its limit, 4.5 stars just because I couldn't finish my half. Now, there's always room for dessert. We were having trouble breathing but we ordered the maple bacon donut anyway. I snorted when it was brought to the table. This thing looked like a stale donut from a Cuban bakery served on a pale yellow plate borrowed from your neighbors house. It had a thick piece of bacon over it and that's it. We forced ourselves through each bite. The sweetness was unpleasant, the presentation was unpleasant, the experience was regrettable. Negative 8 stars for the maple bacon donut. I didn't do the math but I'm sure that adds up to 4 stars or so.
Nice, new restaurant set back from the melee of Lincoln road.  Comfortable feel with good lighting, congenial staff, and very good bluesy rock playing in the background at just the right volume.  Finishes were well thought out. Bar staff is on their game, will not make a cocktail without the requisite ingredients but can be talked into fudging it. Diverse enough menu and a good cocktail list.  Wine prices are fair and they have some good draft picks.  The bourbon Crusta cocktail was refreshing as well as potent Pulled chicken sandwich on the lunch menu was overflowing with quality ingredients but also seriously lacking in the requisite chicken, it also comes with a side of fried chicken skin, yeah, just the skin, tossed in honey and hot sauce.  I can't believe Im saying this, but the portion is way too large.  The short rib meatloaf and chicken biscuits are the way forward. Looking forward to trying their shrimp n grits.
I will not be coming back.   The food was extremely bland. The fried chicken had no seasoning or flavor. Neither did the chicken and dumplings. The prices are not reasonable considering the quantity and quality of the food. The atmosphere was horrible. You are in a crowded space and sitting right next to strangers who can listen to your whole conversation. The only good thing was my mint julep. The service was okay.
My best friend and I went there today and I think I'm in love. We ordered the waffle fries with buttermilk dipping sauce to start and it was too good. My friend is a vegetarian so she had a salad and mac and cheese for her meal. I had the chicken biscuits and garlic mashed potatoes. I don't think I have ever had a chicken biscuit as delicious as the one I had at this restaurant. Everything about it was great. The biscuit was soft, the chicken was perfectly crisp, and the pepper jelly -- incredible. We were stuffed after so we didn't get dessert. We WILL be back soon.
Fine service, tasty cocktails, yummy food. The blackberry lemonade bourbon is tasty and boozy. The deviled eggs definitely are worth ordering. I'm not normally a fan, but the Steak Tartare at Yardbird is particularly delicious. As per most of the other reviews, the fried chicken is out of control and an essential order when dining here. The service is folksy and not overly attentive, but doesn't spoil the experience in the least. Worth a visit.
Food is slightly over priced, but that's the price you pay when eating at the beach. Food is consistently delicious and the service was excellent. We had the Chicken and biscuits , Everglades frog legs and Mac & cheese everything was delicious. Don't expect to have a plate full of food, most orders are to share. My draft beer was not as cold as it should have been. The blackberry bourbon lemonade was good. Dessert is way over priced. ice cream cookie sandwich was 2 basic cookies with chocolate ice cream. Small, nothing to rave about. A measly dollop of whipped cream on the side. $10 for that is just too much. Fun place, nice ambience, great service and extensive cocktail menus are a plus. This kind of food is losing its novelty for us at least.
Got to visit Yardbird again this weekend, and was just as impressed as the first time! We had a 9:15 reservation, and were greeted by the pleasant hostess and seated immediately. The place was full, and the bar scene was lively. This is definitely the place to be, and the food is the draw. Of course, we had the Chicken Biscuits and they were just as flavorful and fluffy as I remembered. The biscuits were so good, that we had a separate order of just biscuits. These biscuits are AMAZING. Next time, I may just have the biscuits. Nothing else! We also ordered a bottle of Riesling to wash it all down. In addition to those amazing biscuits we also had the Brunswick Stew. Wow! This is some stew. The alligator sausage was delicious, and gave the whole dish an incredible kick. We really enjoyed it. As our main course, we had the Cochon, which was served with grilled grits and a really good "sweet plantain BBQ" sauce. This main dish did not disappoint, and I saw several patrons around us order and enjoy it as well. As a side, we had the corn which was good, though not as great as I had hoped. The mac & cheese is way better. Nonetheless, I forgive you Yardbird because you are so deserving of all your praises. Finally, we had the cherry pie for dessert with a side of ice cream because pie without the a la mode is never as good. The pie did not disappoint. Nor did the ice cream. Yardbird, I love you and cannot wait to meet your sister Swine in Coral Gables (that's right there will be a sister restaurant, Swine, opening up at the old Le Halles location this fall) but before then I will visit you again. Next time for brunch, because I've heard it's a great one! Til then...
I have 3 words for you:  Mamma's Chicken Biscuits.   It was one of the most deliciously decadent pieces of fried chicken breast enveloped by a biscuit I have ever had.  I will go back just for that! The restaurant is extremely inviting and it has a very modern, and fresh feel.  The menu is very interesting and I can't wait to try the rest of the items. Next time, I'm going for brunch!
I've been here a couple of times already, and I'll definitely keep coming back. If there was one restaurant on the beach that I would have to go to everyday, I'd choose yardbird. Who gets tired of Southern Food? I always gotta have mama's chicken biscuits...I wish my own mama knew how to make them...I love that you can have them for brunch AND for dinner. Another great menu item for Brunch is their homemade granola...I've never had anything more fresh-tasting. I also dined here with my family on NYE and everyone loved it. The food is spectacular, can't go wrong with anything you order, and also, for being a rather busy night, the service was still on point. best drinks are the bourbon blackberry cocktail and I especially love the smoked peach. If you enjoy smokey flavors, this drink could be addictive.
Wow, we were expecting an awesome experience based on the reviews and personal referrals and it was even better than expected!! The food was incredible, we had the fried green tomato app and also the deviled eggs, and both were incredible. We then had the house cocktail which was the BlackBerry bourbon drink,also awesome. Ordered the shrimp and grits for dinner along with the chicken watermelon and waffle entrée, both were fantastic.The service was also five-star including visits by two managers throughout the evening even brought us a chicken liver app at no charge for us to try which was awesome too.The atmosphere was also five-star as we had a great table, music was perfect and a nice crowd inside as well. We have now found our new favorite restaurant in Miami!
As soon as you walk through the doors, you enter a hub that truly captures "the south". From the decor to the staff, they set the perfect ambiance. Of course I had to try the chicken and waffles. None have been comparable to Hash House A Go-go in San Diego. The chicken- brined for 48 hours, it is extremely moist and full of flavor. However, the skin wasn't as crisp as I would like it. Complimented with tabasco honey it was overall very good. The waffle- amazing! Batter infused with chives and cheddar it was the perfect savory waffle! Not to mention the bourbon maple syrup was to die for! I ended up drenching my waffle AND chicken in this syrup. The pickled watermelon added a very nice touch as well, with a hint of mint. This melon, mint trend seems to be catching on for several cuisines. The Mac and cheese- spot on! Not overly creamy or heavy it was topped with bread crumbs. You have to try this place when you are in town! So far, this has been one of my favorite places to dine.
This is Cracker Barrel with a high price tag.  It is a super busy new place. You could feel they were trying to flip your table from the moment they sat you down. The food came out really fast. The bad part about that was that a good amount of it was cold. Who likes cool mash potates. The thing that really makes me give this place only 2 stars is the fact that there was plastic in our coleslaw. They said sorry. But with such a big mistake you would think they would replace the place, get you a drink on the house, dessert, something. That was not happening here. They did nothing just take the plastic away. The one good thing I can say is the fried green tomato BLT was super good.
I had heard so much about this place that curiosity killed the cat. I went with a friend of mine for dinner and we made reservations earlier in the day. They sat us down right away. I had the BEST chicken and biscuits I've ever had in my life!!! Amazing!! Our server was very nice and brought our food out promptly, which I was surprised because the place was packed! My steak was cooked to perfection- simply delicious! For dessert we had the Apple pie- which again, was to die for!! As for the cost, I didn't think it was pricey at all. Great place!!! I will definitely be back again!
Awesome ambience (though loud during rush).  Have fried chicken and biscuits.  They also have a very good wine list, and if you like bourbon, they have lots of it.  Nice to finally have a southern cooking restaurant in town that serves high quality fare.  What's more comforting than that?
Visited Yard Bird a while back and wasn't as impressed as this time.  Absolutely loved everything about Yard Bird today!  I went with a group of friends and everything we ordered was deliciously welcomed.  We shared fried green tomatoes, buttermilk biscuits, shrimp and grits, mac and cheese, St.Louis style BBQ pork ribs, trout, and Lewellyn's fine fried chicken.  The winner was the pork ribs, slow cooked and ever perfectly tender.   Everything we ate was plentiful-we were all so stuffed we couldn't save room for dessert, but definitely a good excuse to come back to Yard Bird!
Loved this place!!! The fried chicken and waffles was amazing!!!! Also I got the fried green tomatoes. So worth the wait on a busy Friday
Meh. Waitstaff is great and the decor is cute. Food is okay at best. Strange, uncomfortable, and unbalanced combination of sweet and savory that didn't work for anyone in my party. Cute place but not worth a return visit.
this was a great place for brunch.  The eggs were divine and the salad at breakfast? Nice touch.  Would recommend.
I have never been let down at Yardbird! The chicken biscuits were amazing and the grits are mouthwatering!!!
Love this place! Amazing fried chicken, pretty much everything on the menu is delicious, and so is every cocktail they have! Love the atmosphere here, but specially the food! The only bad thing is that is most of the time full :/ so, remember to make reservations before you go ;)
It was a but pricey, but the food was fun and different from your usual Miami vibe. I loved the ambiance, and the staff was warm, welcoming, and not pretentious (like they're trying to be nice to make a tip).  The place is all wood, chalkboard paint, gorgeous black and white photos of some greats, fun and funky lighting, just gorgeous all around. I love coming here after a bad day; sometimes there are things only cheesy grits can heal, and there is definitely a doctor in the house! Best place for comfort food (and southern food) in the beach. They have an incredible bourbon selection, and make great drinks that showcase the spirit. Great date spot, especially the outdoor patio with flower-filled mason jars. All around a great place to come alone, with a date, to hang out at the bar, or with friends.
OFF THE CHARTS. As previous restaurateurs, we rate this place at the top.  From the moment we walked in the door, EVERYTHING seemed amplified.  The hostess told us it would be an hour wait...or we could sit at the bar...she directed us to stand behind the next couple she was about to bring to their table.  We waited a few minutes til they paid their check and immediately upon placing our butts in the seats, we were treated as special guests.  SMILING, happy and vibrant bartenders and servers were setting us up from both sides of the bar.  We ordered the fried chicken sliders that came on buttermilk biscuits...and they were A-MAZING.  We also had the fried green tomatoes which were equally as yummalicous.  Our VERY BUSY bartender surveyed our likes and dislikes while he made other cocktails, and then made each of us a fantastic hand crafted drink.  We actually had dessert too...which was the Mississippi Mud Pie... LOVED everything/everyone...NEED to go back!
BFF and I score 2 seats at the bar late saturday night, a sweet melissa and bourbon lemonade, chicken watermelon waffles acorn squash , finger lickin damn good. we ate every last piece, drank every drop, and would have licked the plates clean if we were at home. I dig ya yardbird!
Food was amazing, redefining comfort food, for a drink, you gotta order the Blackberry Lemonade and when it comes down to the food, you can order anything and you won't go wrong. The environment is refined but unpretentious, just a great balance of a cool place with a real warm vibe. Service was great, considering that is located in South Beach. Simply A must go.
Great food, drinks and service! We are from California and wanted to hangout with our cousin who lives in Coral Gables. I found this place on Yelp and asked my trendy cousin, who enjoys fine cuisine, if she had tried this place; sure enough, she loves this restaurant and was happy to join us for a meal. I started with the Smoked Pear beverage which was quite tasty. My husband had the cafe con leche beer which was the closest they had to Guiness and he was surprisingly impressed.  My daughter had their sweetened tea and loved it. We also enjoyed the frog legs which were crispy and tender, green fried tomatoes and fried pickle spears.  The ribs were tender and the mango salad was delicious. We had a great time and will definitely return!
Coming from Texas - this was a nice stop for some southern cooking and hospitality. The staff is extremely sweet and knowledgeable. Llewellyn's fried chicken (3/5) - I was disappointed! The skin wasn't as crispy and seasoned as I was anticipating. Still good. Biscuits - love love loved the butter. Watermelon salad (4/5) - Love the mint + pepper combination. So refreshing. Man, I think I dropped the ball on this dining experience. There are so many other things I wanted to try, cheddar waffles, blt benedict cast iron casserole, and chicken liver toast. Overall the food was good...just pricey.
I've had the pleasure of coming to Yardbird for both brunch & supper on to separate visits to Miami. All and all as everyone else has said, everything is quite good. Most of the things I didn't care for were personal palate preferences (I discovered I do not like smoked pecans, but since I'm vegetarian I don't really like the taste of smoked anything). However, I do wish the veggie pot pie was a little heavier of veggies other than potato, it was almost entire potato but since I LOVE potatoes it was alright.... but in order to be a pot pie instead of biscuit covered potato is should be a little more balanced. Additionally, I've had on going debate about the biscuits. I think they are quite good, although they taste a little like cornmeal. Not just a straight up buttermilk biscuit. Which also made me wonder why there is no cornbread on the menu? Since everything is quite good, I'm sure they would make some wicked cornbread! I do recommend the morning quiche for breakfast, it is delicious & you would be a fool not to have one of their Bourbon concoctions if you at all like anything in the whiskey family. Be warned, they are a little strong. Just go to Yardbird, you will leave fat & happy. 200 reviews can't be wrong!
Delicious! We had the chicken and waffles. Plate was big enough for two. I have t had a dish with so many flavors like that in a long time. Everything tasted so good and complimented each other. Also their bourbon lemonade is awesome and I do t even like bourbon
Great brunch menu.  Recommend the blackberry lemonade (bourbon baby!!!).  Good portions and quality ingredients cooked well.  What else could you ask for?
Such a fun place to have dinner. My boyfriend and I went to dinner at yard bird with his parents. Our waiter was very helpful and knew a lot about the food. We have the fried green tomato BLT which was my favorite. Everything was very good and of course you have to have the fried chicken and waffles. We had a great time, I recommend going to yard bird when you get a chance.
Went to Yardbird for lunch after reading all the great reviews. It totally lived up to the hype.  This place is great. The service was really good and the food & drinks were excellent. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful with a trendy southern type of feel. Next time I go to Miami, I'll definitely be stopping by Yardbird again.
I married a real Southern belle, and this is her favorite casual restaurant in South Florida!  The food is impressive and so is the staff behind the bar. If you want to taste some of the hardest to find bourbons in the US, this place probably has it.  I've had Pappy Van Winkle 23, and Eagle Rare 17 here.  The cocktails are unique and perfectly balanced. Let's just say I had no problem waiting to be seated.   Once we were finally able to eat... read the other reviews for a breakdown of the food. We've been back several times.  Sometimes more than twice in a week! My recommendation are: * look into the Chef's Table dinners.  They start at midnight on Fridays and can range from 5 courses to 15, all at a reasonable price.   * Let the sommelier guide you, she is excellent and the wine list eclectic. * take a stroll on Lincoln Road after dinner so you can fit in your car after eating
While traveling on business I stumbled upon this place, the chicken and waffles are simply the best!! I highly recommend eating at the Yardbird. However, I would also recommend booking reservations...we had to wait 45 mins for a table!!
I dined at Yardbird with a group of 11 girls and they could not have been more accomedating for our large grouop. The food was amazing. The meatloaf is not to be missed! The drinks were all delish and the service was great.  Can't say enough great things about our experience. We were all talking about the food the next day!
Deviled eggs, shrimp & grits, biscuits/jam/honey butter, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken & waffles! I can still remember it all like when i had my sloppy FIRST kiss!! LOVED every single dish our group had and it was absolutely memorable. So glad to have this spot in Miami near our hotel. Ended our dinner with the banana bread pudding. DELISH.
Wow... the biscuits were delish... the chicken was 8/10. Mac and cheese was a little rich but absolutely fantastic. Our food was at our table literally within 10 minutes of ordering it . Would absolutely repeat a visit here.
We went yesterday and I still thinking "what a great dinner we had last night" First let me give you a piece of advice: make reservations. We went on a Tuesday at 7pm and it was packed, it's always like that! So it's better if you plan ahead and reserve a table. We had the fried chicken, the ribs and as a side we had mac n' cheese, mash potato, biscuits (they came with a delicious butter and jelly) and the btl fried green tomatoes that were outstanding. Everything was so good!!! And don't forget to make some room for dessert because you don't want to miss it. We had the lemon pie and the strawberry shortcake, both were delicious! The service was great and food amazing, did I mention we also enjoyed some good craft beer? Please if you are in SoBe make yourself a favor a go to YardBird
Great service , great food, great atmosphere, I especially appreciated that they asked for our cel number and allowed us to wander Lincoln road while we waited for a table, we received a text letting us know that our table is ready. The cornbread and buttermilk fruit bowl is awesome! The chicken biscuits with pepper jelly was fantastic and again the service was great...which is rare in Miami Beach. The only item I did not love was the bacon (really thick pork belly style )
Food was decent- not slap someone good, but I enjoyed it nevertheless. What stuck out was the chicken & waffles- delicious! Nice atmosphere and excellent customer service. Not going out of my way to go there but I know if I end up there, I'll be taken care of.
To start off we ordered the green tomatoes and it was absolutely amazing! For our entree we ordered the Shrimp n grits, fried chicken, & a side of Mac N Cheese! Green tomatoes - fried to perfection with a creamy cheese sauce and pork belly on top! Delicious! Shrimp N Grits - deliciously creamy and fresh cooked to perfection. Love it! Fried chicken - the portion was huge! The chicken was moist and very well done, it was amazing! Mac N Cheese - Probably one of the best I've had, creamy cheesy goodness! Highly recommend!
I think this is the first 5 I've ever given. The. Entire experience was amazing. The Food was the best I've had in Miami! We had drinks at the bar before our meal and they bartender was spectacular! She hand stuffed Olives with blue cheese for my Wife's martini which was a great touch! She knew about all the beers and helped me make a selection. Our waitress, Eveline, knew the menu in and out and make it a very memorable experience! We ordered some fantastic dishes and matching drinks. She had us laughing for the entire meal. I would highly recommend the experience they deliver.
One of the better Southern restaurants in Miami, however the menu needs some work to provide a more comprehensive and balanced set of options. What I liked: 1) The food is good. Interesting, special recipes, taste fantastic.  The eggs benedict is superb.  I also like the shrimp and grits. 2) The service is outstanding. Among the best hospitality you will receive in Miami. 3) Nice brunch selection 4) Nice decor - they have really created a stylish modern, but Southern restaurant. What they could do better: 1) The food is mostly unhealthy.  Southern food doesn't need to be so.  They should expand the menu options a bit so we can come back more often, not just when we want to go crazy with cholesterol. 2) The dessert options are limited at brunch and they need to improve that. 3) More smaller dishes would be nice so you can share and try more things.
The food at Yardbird is top notch! We started off with the salads...the blue cheese wedge salad...delish...then the mango salad with butter lettuce...my fav! Then we had the BLT...sooo good, then the brisket sandwich, the fried chicken sandwich, the mac and cheese, and the pork belly sandwich (a special of the day...my fav)....what a feast for the 4 of us. There were other things that we would have loved to try, but we'll have to save it for next time! We were there for lunch and it was quite reasonable. We will def be going back...and soon, I hope!
If you are in the mood for some delicious southern style cooking, Yardbird is your place.  The homemade biscuits were exquisite.  The pumkin beignets were amazing, the porkbelly bacon was a real indulgence.  Yardbird also offers delicious and creative cocktails along with a wonderful vibe.  The dining room is bright, busy and vibrant.  We had a phenomenal eating experience and plan to go back soon.  Don't miss it.
Love love love this place.   We have literally tried everything on the menu, the kale salad is yummy the biscuit eggs and bacon cacerol is a must.  And any of the drinks are a winner.  Service is just awesome. It's better to make reservations as it is always packed! Now about their signature fried chicken... Is not that awesome... We tried twice and nope....      But all the rest is GREAT!!!
During a bachelorette trip to Miami, this place was highly recommended by the bride-to-be. I first loved how this place was a fresh change of pace from the typical miami restaurants in South Beach. The decor was well thought out, with wood and brick..it was homey yet sophisticated. I loveeed it. We started our night off with signature cocktails. I ordered the "Old Fashioned" which was made perfectly. We each ordered different signature cocktails, and all were delicious- notably the watermelon juice with vodka drink. The food is ordered "family style"- and the portions are a nice hefty size. We shared amongst 6 girls 4 dishes (ribs, fried chicken, shrimp and grits, duck pasta) with a side of corn, mac and cheese, and biscuits and all  of us were stuffed... however, I would suggest ordering an extra basket of chicken because it was the BEST FRIED CHICKEN i've ever had in my entire life, and I was left craving more.   The service was fast, friendly, and hospitable- unlike other restaurants i've been to in Miami. Well worth it!
Great spot for dinner, drinks or brunch (if you can get a reservation).  Their reputation for good southern food is well known, but make sure you try their specialty cocktails.  This place has some of the best bartenders in town and they mix some really interesting drinks - even if you aren't a bourbon fan.  Try the Southern Revival cocktail!   The only negative thing I would say is the prices on the menu are a few bucks too high across the board.
Love the ambiance and decor.  The service was great too!  We ordered Chicken and Biscuits and Llewellyn's Fried Chicken.  The Llewellyn's was thigh, drumstick, and wing where the chicken and biscuits was thigh.  I loved the flavor and their homemade jelly and butter.  I would have enjoyed it more had it been chicken breast.  The thigh meat was dark and fattier to bite into in a sandwich.  The fried with the yummy ranch that tasted like bacon and the mac n cheese were yummy!  We enjoyed the mudpie with coffee ice cream down to the last bite!
Great comfort food. Loved the meatloaf, chicken biscuits and apple pie.
The decor , food , service and location are excellent . My family and i went for dinner , the food was good , we had  chicken and biscuits !! , we sat outside , it was our first and def not our last time !!
Late lunch.  Had the blue plate special (is that like KMart blue star special?). Fried chicken, biscuit and water melon.  So the biscuit was good soft in the middle firm on the outside and the watermelon was very nice with a hint of mint.  What about the chicken, well its fried chicken.  Batter was reasonably crisp not too thick.  A little underseasoned for me.  The chiekn was moist and well cooked.  So pretty good well no, it was too bland needed more flavour, but as this was a late lunch and the food came instantly maybe it had been prepd a while before.  Nice looking restaurant and good service.
We started off our night by going next door to the Abbey Brewing Company, which is by far one of the greatest bars I've ever been to in Florida. After a few quadruple ales I was ready to tear up some food like my name was Rudy Eugene. For weeks I've been dying to try Yardbird and tonight we decided was the night. I've heard great things about Yardbird and based on the reviews I thought for sure my lips were about to touch the world's greatest fried chicken. The only logical thing I can came up with is that most people who are giving this 4 and 5 stars never really had the best fried chicken in the world, which would be Willie Mae's Scotch House in New Orleans. I get the appeal of Yardbird. It's very trendy neat little restaurant that offers up some unique dishes. The atmosphere is great and if this place was packed 11pm on a Thursday, I can only imagine what it's like on the weekends. We all ordered the chicken biscuits first, which were out of this world, but in retrospect probably the only really great thing we ate at Yardbird . The chicken was meaty, juicy and of course boneless. It was dipped perfectly and fried to perfection. The jam they put on top was also pretty stellar. Obviously, our expectations were soaring as we are thinking this is about to only get better. It did not. The 4-piece fried chicken dish is their staple. Breast, thigh, drumstick and wing all freshly dipped and ready to be annihilated. For $26 you get a 4-piece set with some chopped watermelon and 2 petite waffles. I've never been to Rosco's so chicken and waffles was always on my bucket list. Check. Good combo and I can't say the chicken was bad. What I can say is the chicken seemed inconsistent with each piece. Some were dry. Some pieces were not as crispy and some of the batter was not thoroughly fried. Had this been Popeyes it would have been perfectly acceptable, but at Popeyes I am also not shelling out $26 for a 4 piece either. There was a vast difference from the boneless chicken breast in the that come in the biscuits than the actual 4-piece meal. It was disappointing to say the least. Four of us ate the same thing and all walked away thinking the same thing too. Yardbird is a perfect concept restaurant. It's attractive from the inside out and it makes a great treat yourself meal after some heavy partying, but for those who love this place or dare give it 5 stars, I challenge you to try Willie Mae's. It's not as hip. It's not a nice and it's located in Treme, not South Beach, but we're talking about food here. For half the price you get double the pleasure and after my expensive bill at Yardbird, the only pleasure I got was realizing how I can now check it off my "to try" list.
Expect a long wait especially on Sundays. Food was good so def worth the wait. Portion size is a lot to split between two ppl.
Love this place.  Great food.  Winner!
This restaurant is EVERYTHING good & more. We (my husband & myself) ordered the chicken & waffles & watermelon. We also ordered the blackberry lemonade and a southern peach (both "Bourbon forward" as the server described and exactly how we like it!).... The actual dish was big enough to share just as the server said it would be. The drinks were flavorful, unique, and refreshing for this hot day! Ordering the Red Velvet Trifle as I type. If it's anything like what we've already experienced, I already know the deal!  It'll be GOOD! Over all ...hot, fresh, well seasoned chicken, waffles were delish.. Drinks were great...service even better! Come to DC...please!!!! I don't want to have to travel ALL the way to Sobe for this food fix!
This was literally one of the tastiest meals I've ever eaten.  Start with the blackberry bourbon lemonade, the fried green tomato BLT appy and then share the chicken, waffles and watermelon.  You won't be disappointed. Was simply Devine! !
I would walk to Miami for the Deviled eggs, fried chicken and the biscuits. The service was excellent,  Carlos was great.
Literally some of the best food I have ever eaten in my life! We sampled a variety of dishes....shrimp and grits, deviled eggs, fried chicken, fried green tomatoes, butter biscuits, and a salad for good measure lol! Everything was soooooo good and the service was phenomenal. I didn't have any mixed drinks but my four friends did and they loved those too. Definitely a place I will visit every time i"m in Miami Beach!
Made a 2pm reservation for a late brunch and only had to wait a few minutes past 2pm to be seated. Our waiter was very friendly and gave us some good advice since it was our first time eating here. We ended up sharing 2 orders of chicken biscuits, a side of mac n cheese, and a HUGE waffle. Everything was absolutely delicious. I am definitely headed back sooner rather than later.
