Konata's is hands DOWN the #1 vegan restaurant in Miami. Don't let the location throw you off because you would be missing out. Konata is the man. His, son, JerMichael is also cool as heck. They are a Jamaican family run business cooking some of the most flavorful vegan dishes in Miami. They also sell fresh squeezed fruit juices and something called a Yatti which are my fave!!!!!! They even sell freshly baked banana cake, zucchini cake, and berry cake. All 5 stars. For 10 bones you will get a HUGE plate of food! This is why I keep coming back Let's hear a woop woop for Konata's Restaurant! One love my man!
I came across this spot thanks to the unanimously positive reviews here on yelp. I was not disappointed one bit. They serve a meal of the day (modestly priced at $10.70) and switch it up daily. The chef creatively combined textures and flavors I have never tasted before. And the meal was so bountiful that I had enough to split with a friend and then some. The customer service is equally as impressive and the cleanliness of this little gem is unmatched. These folks aren't cutting any corners. I will make it a point to come back for more!
I went for lunch yesterday after spending a day at oleta Park. I was starving and yelped a place in search of something tasty. The place is hard to find, does not stand out,  and looks kinda sketch. So basically, I would have never gone if I had not yelped it. Anyway,  it's a quaint little restaurant with no real tables... Just some bar stools around the inner perimeter. Nice homey feel to it though. The food is vegan, and I am not a vegetarian, but was still interested in trying what they had.... There is just one option for the meal, which I actually was totally happy about. I figure let them serve me what they do well. I am not sure what I ate really... Think there some some quinoa  tomatoes, and lettuce... But other than that... No clue. It was quite filling though and I thoroughly enjoyed! I would recommend this for anyone, vegan or not.
Konata's IS the exact definition of a hidden gem. I drove quite a bit to get to this place but it was well worth it. The only regret I had was not getting more than one apple loaf. The cravings are serious right now! Alright so, rewinding a bit .. I pulled up, parked & walked into this establishment with excitement! I mean, just look at these reviews right? I immediately noticed the cleanliness and how swift the service was. We were attended within 2 minutes. The boy & I shared their special which was enough for 2 people, we also got 2 yatty's and ONE apple loaf (why? biggest mistake! one was not enough for the level of deliciousness of this sweet thing). Before even trying our meal we had to endure the drive home since we went for take out but we were rewarded by a mouthful of pleasant flavors once we arrived. Today's special consisted of a fresh salad, mixed rice, beans, sweet potato & mock meat balls. The yatty (patty) was spicy but I am a spice lover so it did not phase me at all and well I don't think I could brag about the apple loaf any more (i really CAN) so I'll just say that if you have a sweet tooth you will want to get this - just thank me later! If you're a vegan, vegetarian, carnivore or ANYTHING you should try Konata's. You'll be glad you did and you will probably find yourself coming back for more. I certainly know I will be.
The food is great and I used to come here a lot and hadn't been here in a while. when I went back I realized the prices were raised so much! $20 for a meal a drink and a slice of cake seems a lot. I know some jamaican joints around there that are yummy and are a lot cheaper so I'll probably come here once in a while.
Let me just start by saying that this place is one of the eighteen restaurants in Florida to not have a single discrepancy when it came to food sanitation and standards required. Second, not only are they super clean, they are extremely polite and courteous. We had the special of the day which varies daily (feel free to call) and if an extremely hefty amount of food per plate, even for two people. We had the quinoa, couscous, yellow yam, bean stew, and vegan cutlets. Everything tasted so good, I couldn't believe there wasn't meat inside. On top of the service, it's the cool stuff hung on the walls and the sense of pride they take in their food that really makes me wanna return here over and over again. I don't think I've ever seen a vegan/vegetarian restaurant like this with such high quality items for cheaper than it should be. I'm a huge fan and I'm glad I found this gem through yelp. Can wait to try more dishes!
The food is good. Not the best in town. A little on the expensive side. Customer service is not that great.
Such a good meal! Each day is a different meal and I can't wait to try what else they make. The guy at the counter was helpful and explained the plate I was about to devour.  I'm ready to go back!
According to the owner and chef -a colorful and friendly Rastafarian- Konata means 'noble man', in African dialect. And after trying Ital food, you know that the man creating these dishes is indeed a noble one. Unpretentious, tiny location in the heart of Opa-Locka, Konata is well known by the vegetarian community, although most vegans arrive here too. Mostly for take out, however, the small counter can accommodate a few. The special of the day -posted in a white board- was quinoa, greens, salad and curry "chicken", all prepared with good vibes. The price: $10.50. Sweet. Would you like to know how it tasted? Just imagine an eco-friendly Jamaican grandmother invited you to have lunch at her place. Those are the flavors you'll get. I also tried the Yatty (A vegan empanada), but it was too spicy for my naive palate. I almost cry. However, the vegan pound cakes (Chocolate with coconut and banana), were a sweet way to end the Konata's experience. Love Konata, love ital food.
Was in the area for a workshop at a nearby school and didn't want to have fast food or some other kinda junk so, my trusted yelp spidey sense went off when I saw Konata on the list of nearby restaurants.   I wasn't too sure if I was even safe around the place, it does look a bit run down but said what the heck, you only live once. Konata's is the kind of little hole in the wall that could esthetically scare you away from the outside, but as soon as I walked in, I knew this place was legit. The place inside was so clean and judging from all the Halie Selassie and Marcus Garvey pictures on the walls, I knew it was authentic ital food~natural, clean food. The all vegetarian plate was absolutely delicious and I could taste the purity of the ingredients with every bite.  I really wish this place was near my place because I would definitely visit at least once a week. Also tried the banana bread all natural and delicious!  The staff was also friendly and nice! Big up!
Outstanding food. The chef has a masterful understanding of how to blend spices & veggies to create the perfect flavor balance. This is not the typical Jamaican food, but more Rastafarian inspired. Counter seating only. This was my first visit, but will not be my last. Food: Exceptional Service: Great Atmosphere: Fair Cleanliness: Great Value: Exceptional
One of my favorite little (tiny) spots for a warm, filling vegetarian meal. The owner/employees are so welcoming and nice, the food never disappoints. My usual is the meal of the day and a whole wheat yati, the bomb.
Creative, flavorful and abundant vegan food, exceptional.  This place comes from the Spirit, sharing the divine and the nutritious. ONE OF THE ONLY 18 RESTAURANTS IN THE ENTIRE STATE TO GET A PERFECT INSPECTION ON CLEANLINESS AND SAFETY!!!!!!!   Affordable and friendly.   All the customers who entered while I was there flashed a big smile. Juices are homemade, with fortification and healing in mind and outrageously delicious.   Finally, healthy, conscious food that does not compromise on flavor.  Who needs meat!   And oh yeah, right off 95 with plenty of parking. I will be stocking up several times a week, so I can savor the flavor all week long.
We won't have our video crew in Miami until the end of Summer, but when we get there, we're going to take you inside the best vegetarian restaurant in the word. It's called Konatas. It's in Opa-Locka, on 441 by 133. It's not a dine-in, but it's extremely clean. Ras Konata is a friendly, people-person. If you ever need to know anything about RASTA, just ask him. The Dalai Lama eats here when he comes into Miami. The meal is $10 and what you're eating is strictly organic vegetation. I guarantee you that the vegetables are going to be the freshest that you've ever tasted in your life. Then the "veggie-meats" taste so delicious that first-timers will not believe that they're not eating meat... The yams, green bananas, cassava, etc. are to die for. When you're done eating, you'll feel so refreshed... You won't feel weighted down like after a regular meal. You'll feel light and energetic but full, you probably won't be hungry again for another 12 hours ... and you'll never want to eat meat again, for the rest of your life.
AMAZING vegetarian spot!!! I'm not a vegetarian by far, but the food was really tasty and you can tell the chef cooks with love. What blew me away was the presentation of my meal. The meal was laid out nicely and not thrown in the to go plate like other restaurants have done. This place was extremely clean and well put together. I thought that was important as well. The guy behind the counter tat served me was very helpful in explaining everything to me, like what's in the food, how it's made etc. I recommend this restaurant 10000% You must try their loafs or cakes, they are vegan and taste soooo good, I couldn't believe it.
I love this place and the food. Note: I am not a vegan nor a vegetarian. You do get your money's worth when purchasing a meal here. Also, the owner and his son are very nice. So recommending this place to food lovers everywhere
Delicious! I will return with friends to share this experience with friends. Tasty vegetarian dishes! Spelt dumpling is like a little treat at the end of my meal. Ginger-pineapple juice-so refreshing!
The food at Konatas is so fresh, so delicious , and full of nutrition. You feel the true love that goes into preparing these wonderful dishes. I've been here twice and will be back for more and more. The patties are so yummy too !!
Gem of a place, You get a huge plate of vegan food  for a very reasonable price. The food here is always consistently fresh and delicious. Everyday has a different kind of entree with sides mirroring many different kinds international dishes. They make their own Ital style Jamaican patties. It is hard to find vegan or vegetarian food at a reasonable price in South Florida, but this place definitely  has the bang for the buck. There is a small eat in area also.
I was a little leery of entering this place as it is a bit out of the way for me and looked a bit ominous as it had dark windows with bright neon OPEN sign.  But as I was dieing for good vegetarian food and I have not had any since leaving New York so I forced myself to go in.  And thank God I did!! The restaurant is on the smallish side but immaculate with wonderful Reggae music emanating throughout. Their service is attentive and friendly. And the food! Oh, where can I begin?? I was absolutely floored by the scrumptiousness of their yatties (Veggie Patties). After buying three I never left the parking lot and was forced to go back in to immediately get some more. This was hands down THE BEST vegetarian food I have eaten since coming to Miami. Other vegetarian places that have consistently received good reviews in South Florida have left me more than unimpressed. I  implore you to try this place out whether you are a vegetarian or not you will not be disappointed.
I believe this restaurant is completely vegan, but they advertise as vegetarian.  They serve no meat at all. Whether vegan or vegetarian, the food is delicious and plentiful!  It is a charming, small place.  You order your food at the counter from a very nice young man (son of the owner), then you can take it out or sit down and eat it there.  There are a couple of counters with a lot of stools to sit at. I ordered 1 meal and shared it with a friend.  It was plenty for both of us.  We started out with a yattie (corn), which was wonderfully flavored.  It was a tad on the spicy side for me (I don't like any spice at all), but it was so good that I overlooked the spice.  Nothing else was spicy. Every day they have something different.  Today, our meal was a heaping portion of quinoa, with sweet plantains, some bean stew, and a delicious "meat".  The meat had some carrots and other veggies with it.  It also came with a slice of avocado on it, as well as a salad with some really good dressing - a full meal for $10.  Everything was FAN-tastic! The place is small and super-clean.  So clean, in fact, that they did a report on restaurants on the news last week and they kept raving about how clean this one was; the owner takes a lot of pride in his clean restaurant!  It's on a main street (NW 7th Ave/441) just a little south of 135th Street (on 134th), and just seconds off of I-95.  You can't miss it - a small, stand-alone building with a red awning. I loved my meal here and was happy to find this place.  I will be back very soon to try something different.  If you are a vegetarian in Miami looking for some good eats, or even if you're a meat-eater, give this place a try.
Ok I'm learning that it's harder and far fetched to actually find fresh, seasonal per day made to order food. And this all veg spot is it. The meal of the day today was quinoa, greens, yams and a delicious salad with the best dressing I think I've ever tasted. They are real rastas so they are real about all natural earthy good food. It's a blend of Caribbean and African flavors. Subtle yet yummy. They let the earth taste come out naturally. Loved it and I will be back more than often. So happy I found this place. O and it does have seating and it's clean and inviting. My five starts was strictly for the food, and now that I think about it the whole place is also what turned me on!
WOW.. what a great plate of food i just had(while treating myself to SECONDS and thinking about the 3RD serving of this amazingly FRESH & DELICIOUS food i'll have for brunch tomorrow). KONATA'S DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.  Healthy Carribean Soul Food at it's Finest. I ordered THE MEAL OF THE DAY(menu changes daily as told to me by the Chef's son, who runs the front of the Restaurant ) which included a GIANT sized portion of a Quinoa Pilaf type dish +greens seasoned just right(not fond of overly seasoned foods...which tends to be the norm when eating out).  Two pieces of mock meat/seitan(some of the best i've had anywhere.  Great texture.. reminded me of a nice cut of veal) seasoned with an "Italian style" tomato sauce.  Half a fried plantain, sliced and another type of banana/plantain(pale in color).. assuming it was boiled or steamed.  And lastly a side of tender red beans(floating in their own glorious juices), plus a salad consisting of lettuce, tomato, cucumber w/ a light mustard dressing.   Also tried their corn(they also make one out of whole wheat) YATTY which is a Jamaican Patty stuffed with a Seitan/Veggie Stew.. which was pretty tasty! Lastly, i tried two types of their SUPER MOIST cakes(Almond & Sweet Potato), both were equally Delicious.   MEAL OF THE DAY = $10 YATTY = $3 TWO SUPER MOIST/DENSE CAKES = $5 "Today I didn't even have to use my AK.. I gotta say it was good day" -Ice Cube I'll def. be back for more of DAD's Ital Cusine.
Very fresh
Listen... I'm not a vegan but I play one on TV... Wait... I'm not on TV... yet. Pretend u didn't see that part. Anyways, I'm not vegan or vegetarian, however I do enjoy eating  vegan and vegetarian a few times a week as a way of giving my body a sort of "animal protein break". Usually, unless my veggie or vegan food comes from Fresh Market or Whole Foods, I don't like it. Enter: Yelp! See, guys, I'm tired of giving Whole Foods my WHOLE paycheck, so I decided to look for another option and boy, did I find one in Konata. There's basically one meal a day for under $10 bucks. The components to the meal are written on a dry erase board. Saturday's menu consisted of rice and peas, yellow yam, and veggie stew, so I went for it! I'm really glad I did too. That entire meal also came with a side of collard greens, and and a side green salad that consisted of only lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber with a really light and delicious dressing.  I decided to add a fresh ginger-pineapple juice and slice of vegan chocolate cake. AMAZING! I ate myself SILLY! And what was so awesome about it was that it was basically guilt free. Plus, the place is SPIC & SPAN! The floors are white tile and you could eat off of them. On the wall, there's even a letter from the Governor, commending them on having ABSOLUTELY NO HEALTH VIOLATIONS! NONE! NOT... A... ONE! Take it from a long time FDOH employee, guys, this is a HUGE DEAL! Ok, so here's my T.V. commercial: "Come to Konata's! The food is vegan, delicious, and won't give you e.coli!" Bam! I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. DeMille!
Some of you are going to read 5 stars, run and try this place, come away woefully disappointed somehow because there is no way a little shack with not 1 real dining table in it could possibly be 5 stars.  And I would agree with you if we were rating this as a big restaurant but this is simply quality food made with love, care, and attention. As always I will go over the main points and also point out some things some folks might miss.   #1-The food...We could go on and on about how tasty the food is and how this carnivorous man(that be me) who usually loves a good greasy cheeseburger is sitting down eating veggie chunks which are made with seaweed and loving every bite of it.  As a seasoned connoisseur(joke) of lots of food, I usually find a pattern to places I like to eat and Konata's has one of them down to a science.  One of the big tell alls when you are dining somewhere is the menu.  I find that a focused menu, one filled with a few main courses and a few other things is usually enough. An establishment cannot be good at making burgers, spaghetti, orange chix, gyros and pad thai all in one place and you know the kind of places I'm talking about. Konata's doesn't even have a real menu, basically it's a whiteboard and magic markers. Don't worry about what you'll eat there, they will tell you what you are going to eat as you get it all in the "meal" section.  We were treated to veggie chunks(tasted like meat), dumpling, hot veggie mix, rice, avocado, tomato, cucumber, I'm leaving something out but basically you get everything for $10.70, if going to a place where the menu is somewhat decided before you get there, you won't like this place.   #2-The staff...Could not have been nicer or more welcoming, made to feel like we were home.  Seems like pretty much the owner in the back cooking and perhaps a family member working the counter.  We did eat inside, there are bar stools and some counter space but most folks were picking up and taking with. The presentation of the food also was pleasing. They have Ginseng Cola in like 3 different flavors, grab one(original) you'll thank me. #3-I live not that far from Konata's but I live in Biscayne Park and this is just West of 95 off NW 7th.  There is no reason to be worried about anything here. They have ample parking around the side of the building and they have video surveillance which you can see from the counter as you order your food. I don't think they really need it with hours 11-7, they basically close at dark but it was comforting nonetheless and I appreciated it.  Don't let the address keep you in any way from trying this place, that would be a big mistake.  I do think from now on I will mostly get it to go but you can eat inside, just limited seating.   Some final thoughts, the desserts were delicious, vegan cakes but just delicious. The best part also was my wife and I going to the beach after and knowing we just had eaten something that was not only delicious but also nutritious. I am a big meat eater but I am going to have to start making frequent trips here. If this is what being a vegan is, sign me up.  They also have an array of delicious natural juices but I did not have a chance to try them but I will be.  Sorry for the long review but this gem deserves it and I wanted to highlight some of the reasons why folks are liking this place.
AMAZING vegan food. Friendly staff. Affordable. You must try Konata's!
Let me begin by stating that I'm not a vegan/vegetarian.  I love MEAT! ! However, I absolutely love the food here.  When you eat here, you don't even miss meat.  Everything is good here.... made fresh from scratch and with love! The first thing I noticed after stepping in, is just how CLEAN the place is and if you look through the kitchen doors, you can't help but marvel at the  stainless steel pots that the owner uses which are hung from the ceiling in the kitchen on display. They are SPOTLESS. ..just like new! You won't find a menu of many options because just one meal is prepared each day which is totally delicious and filling.   The daily soup, which is called 'sip' is simply delicious. ..a bean soup. And the bakery items, extraordinarily delicious!! Also, he makes an array of homemade natural juices! When we come here the atmosphere is like home and we can never just run in and out.  Konata, the owner, and his son and very friendly and welcoming and if he has the time, Konata will always spend the time to share his wisdom on food and life with you. I just LOVE Konatas! We travel the entire country and when we get down to South Florida,  we have to go.  One of the best restaurants, by far in the USA.
Don't be scared. Just go in. It's awesome and the guys are friendly and cool. The food is huge portions and delicious. Great vegan/ anyone find!
ATTENTION all vegans and vegetarians! Tired of looking for vegan/vegetarian restaurants in Miami? Look no further. Come to Konata's, you'll thank me later. As you may know Miami has very few vegan/vegetarian options. Come on Miami! Fortunately, I have discovered this little gem thanks to the help of Yelp and all the wonderful Yelpers that reviewed Konata's. What immediately caught my attention was the 5 star rating. Wait a second.. Every single review was 5 stars? Wow, that is extremely rare. Hmm.. I'm sure this place out of this world. I decided to put those reviews to the test. As always I look through all pictures on Yelp before going to a restaurant or ordering, I happen to pass by a picture that literally made my mouth water. OMG, I must have this! I had my mind set, I need to eat this and I will eat this! As soon as I walked in to Konata's I walk up to the counter, pull out my iPhone with that picture being displayed and tell the gentleman behind counter "I need this in my life." Guess what.. They don't have it. My heart literally broke into a million little pieces. The gentleman informed me that they only serve one entrée/daily special, which changes every day; the special is served in a pretty large container for only $10.70. I had no other choice but to order the special of the day which had bean stew, rice, plantains, veggies and "salmon." At first I was a bit disappointed but once I took my first bite I completely forgot about that picture, I immediately feel in love. WOW!! Every single bite was filled with flavor and spices; it was phenomenal. What truly surprised me was that the vegan "salmon" was fantastic, perfectly seasoned to perfection! I also tried the Corn Jamaican patty.. yum, spicy and delicious just like I like it (must try.)   Aside from the daily special they also serve: Jamaican Patties either whole wheat or corn, vegan/vegetarian bread such as zucchini bread, tea and fresh juices. If you want some good Caribbean/Jamaican food check out Konata's and if you're a vegan/vegetarian you must! This is the famous picture I keep mentioning: yelp.com/biz_photos/kona…
Immaculate interior Very fresh ingredients. Everything made on-site, from juice to cake. The healthiest flavorful food in town.
I like to come here on sundays after a bike ride in Amelia Earhart Park. Any chance I get to stop by Konata's I take it! I've even met Konata himself and he's a cool ass dude! I am not as regular here as I would like to be but the food is awesome, meat or no meat. I'm far from vegetarian but this place will leave all kinds of appetites satisfied! Will not disappoint!
Patties are SO good- love the spice! Great vibe! Makes me feel good to hear "one love my sister" from these guys! You can taste the love in the food! It's a hole in the wall. No frills but good eats!
You come here for the food.  Spicy and outstanding food.  The best I have ever had.
Excellent food made by a committed and conscious brother. Highly recommended.
Love it! I've eaten here with my sister, we've actually shared the plates each time. We are never disappointed. Love the dressing on the salad and the yatties (meatless Jamaican patties) are amazing especially the corn one, which is very spicy. My sister likes the wheat better. An inexpensive and delicious meal every time!
I love meat but I can eat this every day. Great food- great prices. Don't miss the fresh juices
Konata's is by far the best Ital Carribean food in all of Miami.  The food is as tasty as it is healthy and if you are lucky enough to meet Konata himself you may get some priceless tips on natural health.  Great juices, excellent soups, and Jamaican "yatties" made from scratch...YUM!
Good vegan jamaican food.
Delicious food and friendly peeps working there. The Jamaican patty in cornmeal dough was amazing, as was the carrot bread. Also try the fruit juices. I had the cucumber and passion fruit, which was great. Such a cool place.
This place made my life complete. Super delish food and friendly people. I'd recommend it to everyone, veggie or not. True gem.
I went there for dinner last night and the food was delicious. I was offered the daily meal, which it seems is what you can get each evening, and chose to take home a carrot cake, ginger-pineapple fruit juice, and yatty, a play on the word patty, as well. The yatty was a bit dry until I reached the yummy yatty core. Everything else was extremely well flavored and just... delicious. I'd highly recommend this spot, especially if you're vegetarian/vegan.
I read the reviews and decided to go as I was close by. I don't think I would have ever stopped in given the location but I concur with everything that was said. This is probably the tastiest vegan/vegetarian food in Miami and affordable at that. One main "meal" a day that changes constantly or a variety of patties or other take out items. Great Find and highly recommended!!!
