SoBe Fcukign Beach.  This is the place. No other words to describe his ravage ring price don't matter yo, make it rain it doesn't matter the night is beautiful. Make it rain. Compared to clubs and the price, this place is the hidden gem of all hidden gens in SoBe. Shhhhhhhhh da fck up!
Radio Bar is the non-Purdy Purdy Lounge. They're both basically welcome alternatives to Miami Beach's otherwise overpopulated club scenes where you don't have to spend roughly, and this is a real number here, a kajillion dollars to have a good time. I first got here with a couple of my friends around 10:30 on a Saturday night and it was fairly dead. There were maybe five people already there and all of them were on the pool table. It was actually freezing when we walked in, but that changed around midnight when the place all of a sudden got slammed over the course of 20-30 minutes. This place is a lot smaller than Purdy, but it also doesn't have Purdy's grime, and I can appreciate that. The small space also means that when it fills up you will have zero room to dance, and you may have to throw about 37 elbows to get to the bar. Speaking of dancing and the bar....The music here was great. It's a mix of every song you have ever liked, and they actually let the song play out instead of switching the song every 30 seconds like a fidgety ADD-afflicted child you let man your iTunes account. The bar on the other hand was pretty bad. The prices are what you expect in a low-key South Beach spot, although they do have some great Beer and a Shot deals that are good if you're trying to take your drunkenness from 0-60 for the low. The main problem with the bar is that even when the place was dead it still took forever to get a drink. I bought 4 drinks that night and aside from the first one I got when there were only 5 people there, it always took at least 20 minutes to get a drink and one time it took more than half an hour. I don't blame the bartenders because I believe there were only 3 or 4 that night and the place after midnight was so incredibly packed, but it's the main reason why I'm giving the place 4 stars instead of 5. Overall, this place had a really cool vibe, and I would definitely come back here again. I just hope that next time I come the service is a lot quicker because the wait times are ridiculous. If my friend wasn't getting a drink with me, it'd have been 30 minutes of time where I reflect on where my life went wrong when I'd rather just get my alcohol as soon as possible so I can get back to dancing and making a fool of myself.
Radio gets 4 stars for exactly one reason: they play music that was cool 10 years ago. While most places in Miami are spinning the same club hits ad nauseum ("DON'T YOU WORRY DON'T YOU WORRY CHIIIIILD"), Radio lets you vibe out to tracks that cut right to your nostalgia center. In the span of an hour, we heard Air Force Ones, Gin & Juice, Ridin' Dirty, and a bunch of other songs that take you back to a high school dance, except this time, you'll actually have the confidence to talk to women. Besides the DJs, Radio suffers from the same problems that most of the other bars in Miami and Miami Beach do. It's overcrowded, to the point that it gets insufferably hot from the surrounding body sweat. It's overpriced, typically around $12 for a well drink, regardless of how busy it is. It's under-bartended. Not really sure how else to say that, but there's one bar, with two bartenders, trying to serve close to 200 people. It's a disaster. Bring your own flask, or expect to wait about a half hour to get a drink. Still, with no cover and great music, Radio quickly became one of my favorite places on the beach. And now with Lyft and Uber in town, it's easier than ever to pre-game and show up ready to get down to Back That Azz Up.
This first and only time I've ever been here was a nightmare. The line outside was ridiculous only to have people keep cutting in because they knew the guy working the door. Finally made it in and the place was wall to wall people. No getting a drink. And there was no way of being able to leave through the "back door" (because the actual entrance is in a freaking alley). Such a bad experience. Really have no interest in going back.
Crowded on a saturday night and loud. They have a pool table but you must be patient if you want to play. The cocktails looked delicious and original though.
I absolutely love the place! i celebrated my birthday there and the staff was incredible. I am all about customer service! the DJ is the illest!!!!! Laid back and just chill with your closest friends. The moment you walk in there is like home away from home lol. I have recommend all my friends to go there and of course I am going with them to experience by far the best bar in South Beach!!!!!!!
This is a great spot to be, if you are there on the party nights it's great for dancing the 90's / 00's music is pretty awesome. If you need a break from the dancing inside, you can always catch a break in the back where you can catch the breeze and strike up a conversation with other people there without the music blasting. As for the bartenders, wow these people are FAST! So to sum up nice art, beer selection, fast bartenders, music, and diversity with a touch of class is what this place is all about. Been here plenty of times and will be back again!
Leave ocean drive,come here.no tourist shit,good drinks,good people,dive bar feel In a good way.3 words Aztec.chocolate.bitters.yassss!
Went here on my second night on vacation in SoBe. It was a Saturday. Place is great. Arrived at midnight and it was busy but not packed. Lone started to get long as I was getting there. But its not like a club line it will take 10min to get in. Enter around the back. Great atmosphere. Good drinks. No cover. Good balance of males to females. Amazing throw back hip hop jams all night.
First and foremost this place does not even deserve one star! The first impression when I arrived to the front of this bar should've been an indication to not even bother going in. There was a pudgy rude bouncer telling us with no explanation what so ever to go through the entrance at the back. The entrance in the back is disgusting, smells gross! Why would any bar want their customers entering through such filth! And let's get started on the line to get into this hell hole! The bouncer was a total douche with a control complex! Holding up the line because he be basically had the authority too and letting whoever he wanted in. Having women he knew cut all the people waiting in line because as he said "he can do whatever he wants". Not even at LIV will you get this kind of behavior! Finally inside this whole in the wall bar I noticed the reason to the madden line. This place was beyond its capacity! There was no room for anything or anyone. My friends and I tried squeezing into the bar to at least get a drink and it was beyond impossible. I had people spilling drinks on me and way too close for comfort. In the notion of trying to find an empty space I started to have an anxiety attack. I'm super claustrophic and was about to pass out. I needed to get out of there as soon as possible to some fresh air. I finally made it to the exit sign which apparently was the front entrance and the bouncer wouldn't let me out! I was literally panicking and close to fainting and this a**hole was directing me to go through the crowd that got me in this state in the first place! After crying to let me out they finally opened the door to let me out alone! My friends had to go through the back. Good idea idiots let the girl who's going through a panic attack by herself! I'm infuriated with the way I was treated in this shit of a bar. No! And then to top it off the pudgy bouncer in the front started to pick a fight with my friend telling him he was going to kick his ass for no apparent reason! I'm disgusted by the way this entire place is being managed and the way the treat their customers. Save your money and go elsewhere! This place is not worth anything.
Dear Radio Bar, Came to check you out the other night after having a big girl's dinner at Joe's next door.  We weren't quite ready to head back home and came in early to have a night cap.  We showed up around 10:30 and there were only 4 other people here.  I actually enjoyed that it was quiet and empty because it gave me a chance to actually see and enjoy the space.  The drinks were typically-priced, not too bad, I think my vodka was in the $12-14 range, which for SoBe I consider reasonable. I loved that you had original AHOL artwork around & inside the bathrooms and that there is a popcorn machine making fresh popcorn throughout the night!  I remember sitting there and catching a whiff of popcorn and thinking "am I going crazy?".  Nice touch. I will say I was surprised at what a difference an hour makes.  By 11:30p/12a you were slammed!  I mean, not even standing room was available.  That gets a little overwhelming.  I want to enjoy my drink; not worry about someone knocking it over on me.  Definitely a great pre-party spot, not exactly my choice of a hang-all-night spot. The MAJOR bonus here?  The music.  LOVE your DJ.  Great 90s throwbacks. Over and out, SabrinaAnna*
I have been living a block and a half away from this place for over a year and never been. Have no idea why, but ventured over on Saturday night and was pleasantly surprised. This is not a huge place but not too small. I would say about 2000 sf. There is a long bar and some booth type seats along the walls and the rest is open space. In the back there is a pool table and to my surprise was available and FREE of charge. I love places with free perks! The service was good to me. The bartenders were attentive. The drinks were not too over priced. I paid $15 for a top shelf vodka red bull which can be over $25 at most places. The music was mixed from 70's funk to 80's music, to old school r&b. which I enjoyed. The vibe was nice, 20 something's to 30 something's. had a big locals vibe, which I love. Will def visit again.
Went here last night with my Girlfriend and was very excited to find something new. Being a local in South Beach is hard when you want to go out and not see a bunch of amateurs on vacation looking to get plastered. Well, we walked up to the front door of Radio Bar and we got through the first door when the bouncer blocks my girlfriend and says, "No no no you gotta walk around." I asked for clarification, and he told me I had to turn around walk out and go to the back alley. Not the best first impression but I tried to stay optimistic. We walked in and it was slammed. It was packed wall to wall we couldn't walk and it was very uncomfortable. I assumed that's why they made us go around back. (They were way over maximum occupancy.) My girlfriend and I had one beer and left. In summary I feel like Radio Bar is like most of South Beach. Cool concept, POOR execution. I give it 2 stars for good concept and great music. The issue is the crowd was so young they were probably 5 years old when most of it came out!
We came here on a Sunday night, so it was pretty slow/chill.  In light of that, we had a great time -- nice environment, relaxing music.  (sadly not the jump up and down and signalong music that is apparently standard here on Friday/Saturday).  There was free pool and plenty of room to sprawl out.
I've been here a few times, both on slower weekdays, during an Art Basel pop-up, and once for the Miami Heat Championship game, when everyone was so tense, and into it, and just pulsating...so it's a challenge to really gauge the vibe here at Radio Bar. I'm giving it 4 stars which is a tad high, but given that Radio is in an area devoid of chill nightlife, Radio would be my recommendation for someone that's tired of the showiness of a Story or Prime 112, but who wants to see more of SoFi than Joe's. (NOTE: I am NOT hating on Joe's, but it's not exactly a nightlife scene). Also, people bring their dogs! I think this really adds to the chill vibe, BUT when the bar was packed and some random abandoned his pitt mix during the Miami Heat Championship game and everyone was screaming every 5 secs, that wasn't cool, but I can't hate on Radio Bar for one irresponsible dog owner. Pros: Great music. Like really great music. And, like, everyone on Yelp agrees with me, so just believe it: the music is great. Cons: The crowd can vary. One time it was chock-full of college kids (fun, if you're in the right mood), the other time it was waaaay more mellow and full of locals with their dogs. I can't get a sense of consistency from this place...but it is reliable in that I've never been disappointed.
Loved this place! We visit South Beach every year, and found ourselves here after discovering our beloved Abraxis was closed. We are not "clubbing" sorts, we like relaxed places with good, reasonable drinks, friendly staff, and a laid-back vibe. We stopped in for their "Bourbon and Beats" Thursday, as well as the Movie Monday. Both times a little early in the evening. Bryan, our bartender was just excellent, as well as being the creator of a few of the more interesting selections. Between the two of us, I think we sampled ten different craft cocktails. All were tasty, creative, made with obvious care, and if it's during happy hour...extremely reasonable. But even full price, it's not bad for SoBe. The only downer: we tried to stop by on a few other nights later in the evening, but the music was so loud inside we just could not handle it and walked right back out. I know South Beach is mown for partying...but it was uncomfortable. Earlier visits/ theme nights seemed more relaxed; others who aren't into the really loud dance music thing might consider this a happy medium as well.
Came here with some friends after dinner on a Saturday night and it was a lot of fun. I absolutely love love love the music they played. ALL NIGHT. Some of the best music from the 90s and early 2000s. There's a pool table in the back and a long couch in the middle parallel to the bar. I love how big the bar is and the staff is amazing. I never had to wait too long for someone to attend to me and their drinks aren't watered down! My friends and I were there from like 11pm to 3 am and we never stopped dancing. It got packed around 1 or so but not so packed where I couldn't walk around. There was no cover charge to get in for all of us, even after those who showed up after midnight - yay! Definitely giving this place a visit again soon.
I was here on a Friday night, after my friends had been raving about it for weeks. The music was alright, but nothing to write home about. The drinks were good and they had a decent selection of beers, but the inside was uncomfortably packed. Getting a drink becomes a 20 minute ordeal, and hopefully the drunk girl trying to dance next to you didn't just spill half of it.
I went to Radio Bar on a week night and the place gave off a casual, laid back vibe which was great since I was ready for an after work happy hour drink. The bar was rather empty but it was a week night so no real surprise there. The decor inside was very cozy, they were playing some cool jams and had a good HH special (2 for 1). The only letdown was their handcrafted cocktails...they really weren't anything to write home about. The bartender did inform me that they are constantly changing their cocktail menu so hopefully they will offer better options in the future. Metered parking seems to be the only option but since this bar is located next to Fogo de Chao and Milos, parking can be quite hectic.
To start the 2 stars is a little low but I'll explain why. THIS PLACE IS NOT SMOKE-FREE!!! After 1015pm -1030pm the smokers arrived. After 30 minutes when the smokers arrived we all reeked like cigarettes. Basically, I nicknamed this place "Purdy Lounge Junior". Even had that annoying pool table where the people playing pool get mad when others won't move when they need to shoot. You want to play pool go to a pool hall not a bar in South Beach. The place does have a great ambiance and a great drink/beer menu but not stating on Yelp or a website that it's not smoke-free is just not right. For God sakes they do list it's pet friendly but nothing about smoking. We had a huge group there (20 + people) for a birthday and some of the wives were 2-3 months pregnant. We got there early, around 830pm - 930pm, but had to make a quick exit at 11pm because the smoke was just unbearable. Don't understand why they allow smoking inside when they have an outdoor patio in the back where people actually go outside to just smoke a cigarette. The funny part was when 2 people complained about how some of the food was unhealthy but had cigarettes in there fingers at the same time. So just a warning, if you don't want you or your clothes to smell like smoke for a week don't go here. Unless you go really early, way before 1015pm then your good to go. Just to be fair we live in an amazing free country and if you want to smoke cigarettes that fine with me. But a business like this where taxes and rent are high at the beach is going to lose out on a lot of business, especially since the residence across the street are already complaining.
I wish there were more places like this on the beach!! I've been here on a busy night as well as a random Tuesday, both times it was exactly what I look for in a bar. Good crowd with good music on the busy night and great convos (and drink suggestions) with the bartenders on the chill night. Love the vibe, love the free pool and popcorn, and lovee the drink selections!!
Radio Bar! Love the ginger beer cocktail! Great spot for those who don't fell like like clubbing but are looking for a fun night out! Parking can be difficult to find, but once you are inside, you are guaranteed to enjoy yourself.
I like the place.. i like it more when it isn't so packed on weekdays I enjoy coming here on week night to play pool and enjoying a few cocktails.  Good selection of music and normally the bartenders have a few tricks up their sleeves. Also love their backyard jenga setup, hours of fun back there. if your into the singles scene, the weekend is the time to be here. Overall good spot... go here
While visiting Miami with my husband and our best girlfriend, we decided to step away from the tourist scene and find some local nightlife. Our concierge recommended Radio to us, and after only a little searching we found this fun little bar in the Sofi neighborhood. For a Friday night, this place was actually somewhat empty, but we were also early to arrive, around 9:30pm. This was nice, because we were able to quickly get drinks and settle onto a bench to chat. While the music is more hip-hop than I would like, it was not overwhelmingly loud, so we were able to really enjoy a conversation. The Sangria that I ordered was interesting and unlike any Sangria I had ever had. Unfortunately, this wasn't in a great way since the unusual part was a sour mix that was too tart to even drink. I did enjoy munching on the frozen grapes that garnished my drink. My friends each ordered a 'Miami Sunshine' which was delicious with a big chunk of frozen tea for ice. Yum! The bar was casual enough for tourists, but also had a nice trendy feel. I saw individuals wearing anything from shorts and tanks to heels and dresses. The bartenders were friendly and between drinks, ours was kind enough to snap a photo for us, which was much appreciated.
I like to think Miami Beach is as well known for it's in-your-face clubs and pool parties as it is for hidden gems like Radio to be able to thrive in.  Radio is sort of like Foxhole to me - a dim lit bar with great music, and you only really know about it if you know about it.  One of my favorite things about Radio is its beer+shot combo option for 8 bucks.  That's seriously unheard of, especially on South Beach.  Radio also has FREE (F-R-E-E) FREEEEEEE flavored popcorn, unlimited, which is great if I find yourself with the munchies mid-evening.  It's definitely a good place to start or end your night.  There's also pool tables and life size jenga.
Radio Bar is a casual yet stylish bar for locals, South of 5th. It has an understated glamour that is a nice setting for mingling and playing out your nightly options. Great lighting and deep curtains. There are many pretty women in here. The pool table is awkwardly located right in front of the DJ booth. Can we move this fucking thing so people can dance?! And chairs lined the wall where pool cues nearly hit people in the face during gameplay. Bonerjam! The drink prices were moderate for South Beach ($7 for dom beer), but somewhat costly for a drifter like myself. Overall a good place to have 1 or 2 drinks, but I couldn't see myself staying all night. Stand underneath the radio tower out back and zone out.
Great bar. Casual Atmosphere. Good sound system. Worth the walk. Pool table and free popcorn.
Not your usual glitz and glam South Beach bar with bad, over-priced cocktails. Great bar with talented bar tenders and flavorful drinks to match their reasonable prices. Great place to people watch as all kinds come by Radio Bar.
Great bar! Saturday night was packed (good way) ... NONE of the Typical raunchy crowd u may Find at a typical club...locals type bar spot!!! great place, small, outside area, pool table and games available
This place gets three stars for the atmosphere & attentive bartenders. Great LITTLE  spot... and I mean tiny, making this a better weekday vs. weekend hang out.  The $12 cocktails were a let down & the entertainment was way TOO LOUD,  it wasn't even dance music...just some random on a microphone making so much noise you could barely talk over it. :-/
Great crafted cocktails, fun music, good people, artsy atmosphere. Not bad for Miami Beach
This is a pretty sweet concept -- although, I have to say, when you put [pop up] in your title, its kind of 'try hard' no?  Anyhoot, Radio is a temporary establishment, with a ridiculous selection of alcohol (very looong bar) in a great 'South of Fifth' location in South Beach.   I liked the people watching (lots of good looking folks), the relative disconnect from the rest of 'happening' Miami, so you get a lot of people who are enthused to drink and hang, rather than jump from place to place.  That was fun!  The drinks were solid, not too shabby in terms of price, and there's some outdoor area space as well.  In said space, look up and you'll see while this place is called 'Radio'. TIP:  Enter through the back.
For someone who doesn't do much the nightlife scene, Radio is incredible. No cover charge to get in (at least of you're local I guess, which I was asked by the doorman as he checked my local ID) and the party does not spill outside the venue in the quiet Sofi neighborhood. A cozy place where you can see form the front to the back from any spot in the venue, with a great DJ playing all the old hip-hop I grew up listening to in the 90s. Chill clientele save for a few wild drunk girls, haha. Attractive bartenders and waitstaff. This is the kind of place you go with one or two friends for a cool night away from the wildness of Ocean/Collins/Washington.
Cool bar, good bartenders but the place is crowded and it is the only place south of fifth that boasts a line and a tough doorman.  Bartenders overcharge you and the manager of the place doesn't care.  Take your business elsewhere... like the Regent or the Broken Shaker.
I like this place. It reminds a bit of a NY locals bar. Its like purdy but a bit smaller and with similar music. The place was packed at 2am on a Saturday. It has a cramped outdoor area with the large Jenga blocks which would be better if there was more space. My friend and I tried 3 drinks before we switched to beer because the drinks were pretty week.
Really bummed on our experience here last night! We had a great night here last time we were in Miami so made a point to stop in while we're here. Major buzzkill! I asked for a vodka soda with a splash of coconut milk which is like a light piña colada. When they said they didn't have coconut milk I was fine with having just a plain vodka soda. However they came back with Malibu & half & half! Ugh! The drink was really bad & they charged me $12 for 2 sips. Also my boyfriend had a $7 miller highlife. What the hell is that? And to top it off they were playing the worst 90s music ever. Disappointed in our second visit & won't be back :(
If you thought #radiosouthbeach was your friendly #neighborhood bar you are mistaken, this bar is just a downfall for #southpointe it's management is the worst I ever experienced. Including the sexist and homophobic doorman. I will never step a foot in that door. Its embarrassing!
A pretty cool spot off the beaten path. They have a radio tower in the backyard which is kind of unique. The music here is badass. The drinks are average price for the beach.
I had heard about this place through a friend, so we decided to check it out a few weeks ago. At first, the venue was a bit empty, but then again, Sobe nightlife doesnt start til past 11...and boy was I right! Once the clock hit 11, the place was full of locals and the music was great! It reminded me a bit of purdy lounge, but with an older and more selective crowd. My friends and I had an awesome time! The only downside is the parking situation, since this is a residential area..a bit hard to find. Otherwise, this is def a good spot to visit on the weekend.
Oh Radio! It's our home away from home. There's nothing better than walking into a place and knowing you're dealing with awesome, down to earth people. From management to the bartenders, everyone is more than accommodating. Friday and Saturday's are their more crowded and fun nights. During football season you can always pass by on Sunday's to watch the game and enjoy a beer/drink with their complimentary pop corn! If you haven't already, go check them out.
Very cool spot in South beach.  Nice to see there actually can be a bar scene in Miami Beach. I also heard this is a pop up. Looks like it may be staying longer than they presumed. A very trendy local beach crowd.  I definitely will be back. Plus the ac actually seems to stay really strong in here even in the middle of summer! Also this place plays the best music ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Radio is a quirky bar in a residential area of South Beach. Parking is a pain. Once you get past that and the hijinks of the doorman who will have you yanking on the door with the puzzled look on your face ("this place is closed?! Why are the doors locked?") - you'll find a mixed crowd, fun throwback tunes and handcrafted cocktails. This is a great place to find some fun without a cover charge in south beach. The interior decor/wall coverings are cool to look at.
South of Fifth class, South Beach fun. Radio is easily a new favorite.  This sleek, welcoming lounge with distressed furniture, pool table and cozy ambiance keeps the most discerning guests happy, while the locals-only location keeps the pretension levels low. The crowd is consistently good, the drinks are consistently strong, and the music consistently rocks my socks.
This place is stellar! Nestled in the South Pointe area of SoBe, it's a chill place to unwind and get away from the South Beach pretentiousness.  With a free pool table, games and complimentary popcorn, what more can you ask for? Oh yea and ladies, Ladies Night is on Wednesday, so grab your girlfriends and enjoy the free cocktails. Casual, clean and fun,  you can leave the heels at home cos no one is going to judge you. ;)
I dug this place for the laidback vibe and the catchy old school tunes. the pool tables and supposed vip tables are too close for comfort. id come back here to post up shop at the bar, booze n relax sans sobe pretentiousness. or attempt to at least
Congrats to the team behind Radio. You have not failed me once. An eclectic mix of stylish locals letting down their guard as it can be hard to do here. Some sort of weird melting pot of patrons from the bottle crowd on their pregame to the guy who just wants to shoot pool to the hipsters in the backyard playing life-size Jenga. They all melt and it works. DJ mixes all genres and dancing is always in style. But of course the staff is the fifth star. Doormen, bartenders, management all get a very loud shout out.
Beautiful bar with reasonable prices. Happy hour special is a steal with 2 for 1 drinks until 7pm.
I recently held my engagement party at Radio in South Beach and it was a night to remember. Let me bring in food from my favorite restaurant which helped make it extra special. The staff was very accomodating, they worked with my budget and made sure that all of my guests had a great night. Their drinks are so creative and delicious, i will definitely be coming back to Radio for a girls night! I recommend Radio for a private party, they will make it great!
This bar has a great staff and good vibe. Pool table is free, and the music is always solid. Get there by 9 and enjoy the quiet, but be reassured -- it will fill up fast! The only thing keeping me from going here more regularly is the poor quality of the wine -- step up the taste, even if the choices are few. I'd rather pay another dollar or two and have something drinkable. I'd give it four stars if not for that.
Hidden local Jewel
:)
What used to be a great local bar became such tourist trap. Be careful when you are ordering a cocktail , they will double charge you for alcohol and just tell you afterwords that they ran out of premium and had to pour top shelf.. The management is absolutely unprofessional and plain rude. Shame..
A great local bar, excellent music, friendly bar team, the beer and cocktails were excellent, and great value. If you're looking for a good bar in SoFi for a few drinks without hammering club music (they played a lot of indie when we were there) this is thelace.
Fun bar. Good for locals. Prices are typical for South of Fifth. Annoyed with the bartender for assuming I wanted Grey Goose, instead of a quick question as to which vodka I wanted. Will visit again, only a couple of blocks from my apartment.
