A group of us from the hostel decided to explore a few bars/ clubs on south beach and we somehow ended up at jazid. Jazid definitely has a unique vibe compared to all the other bars/ clubs in the area we checked out. The DJ was playing some great music though it was definitely more of the 'American' type of rap/hip hop and so the Europeans in our group weren't familiar with it. I could tell there was definitely a group of locals that frequented the spot but since it is south beach you had people from all over the world walking in. The drinks were decently priced, the cover was free for us, but the look of culture shock I saw on a few of the foreigners faces as they witnessed some of Americas finest is what made this experience absolutely priceless!
Worst place!  Offered 20$ all you can drink.  I asked before what the well vodka was and they lied about it. Lied about the beer. Only serves Russian bull sh*t. Don't waste your time or money here!!!!!!
Unless they have a live band, not worth the effort. Don't even bother. I can't even write a long enough review because I was already leaving when I started to write this...
Worst experience ever. It was basically a dirty frat attic. We went on a Tuesday around 1AM and there were not many people there, and those who were seemed weird and wasted. DO NOT GO HERE unless you are 100% certain there will be jazz music - because there was none when I went. I walked out in 5 minutes and laughed at how bad the experience was on my way home.
I went to Jazid with my bf last night. If you into hip hop you definitely like this place. They allow you to smoke inside more than an cigarette. So you will definitely walk out smelling like trees.
Finally a club in the South Beach area that isn't full of pretentious douche-bags with God complexes about letting people in.  This club is easy, you walk up, you give them their coverage charge and they let you in. Very simple and easy, why more places can't do I will never know. Place was nice, two levels with different DJs on both floors.  Music was standard hip hop with some reggae mixed in. While dance area isn't huge, it is a enough space to dance and move about without feeling like you're all over top of the other people. Bartenders were high quality, they made the drinks well and were friendly enough. I just enjoy the place because it is easy going and gives you a chance to enjoy yourself without wearing a three piece suit, or kissing some promoter or bouncer's ass.
Got the Groupon we went on reggae Sunday we had a ball....wish they played more than just reggae, we would have enjoyed some dancehall or soca also
A Brazilian parteh night?  I'm there. $4 Lemon Drop special?! . Uh huh, keep talking. Get your funk on with no cover.  Three words: Boom shaka laka. Latin Reggae night? (Say whaaaat?!!)  Hey, variety is el spice of life - mon. Sometimes smoky, usually smokin' - I'm so glad I found this  elbow-to-elbow-small funky live music joint.  Check it out.
I liked this place because the music was good... but what I didn't like was that it was empty on a Sunday night.  What's going on Miami?!  Also it was $20 to get in with the wristband discount??!?  Even though you guys knew your bar was empty?  Seriously?! I'm still going to rate this high, because I enjoyed the short amount of time I spent in here.  And the young bouncer with the face full of beard was funny calling my friends and I, "Old as F**K" when he looked at our ID's.
From the moment I walked in Jazid, I knew I would love it. It just has a good vibe, ya know? We walked straight in the door and into the band. I would suggest hitting up the bar in the back of the room to scope out the scene first. There were some places to sit around the stage and at the bar too. There is even a little pathway turned dance floor. Suenalo was playing that night. They are a rockin' jazz funk band. I completely enjoyed their music and ended up buying their cd. We headed upstairs to find a much darker atmosphere and a groovin Raggae DJ. Another chill vibe up here and a lot more space to dance too. I could definitely see myself going back again...especially if Suenalo is there!
I've been going to Jazid since high school (when I shouldn't have been going). They have a great DJ on Tuesdays. I don't party on the weekend in Miami- it's jam packed with tourists, but a week night at Jazid is awesome! The bottom floor is great when they have live music playing, otherwise I go straight upstairs. Don't let the cloud of smoke hit you on the stairway to heaven- you are sure to catch a contact high. It has the NY jazz club feel, with a better price point.
We get there a bit early on Sunday and find that it is reggae night.  A long dreaded guy greets us with 'no cover' (hott) and we skip cheerily through the entrance and check out the live band warming up in the cozy, cool space.  Trouble detected: 2 of us have super sensitive ears, and the band is at max volume.  Bummer, it sounds like it's going to be good.   We get a round (bottles of Newcastle... woot woot) and go upstairs to find a reggae DJ that looks like a tripped out psychadelic version of Uncle Sam... someone mentions that he is the best reggae DJ in the area.  Judging solely by costume, I heartily agree.  The crowd is chill and thoroughly dreaded, as expected.... love it.  Herbal essences float through the upstairs bar area, which has awesome grafitti art on the walls, and a blue lit bar.   Unfortunately, a majority vote of the group decides that the volume is a deal breaker and we head out into the night in search of an alternative.  I would definitely be back, all signs point to 'sweet sweet bar'.
I ventured to Jazid on a wednesday night for some red stripes and live music. This club is quite small but has a fun vibe. Right on washington, sometimes it is hard to find an non pretentious place to dance and hang out with friends. Jazid is the perfect place for such things. They have LEBO paintings all over the walls, which if you are not familiar with him is a Local artist. With two rooms of music I had a choice between some underground hip hop in the lounge upstairs, or a live band in the main room. There is only one bathroom, and two little bars. Very small but fun place. Check out their website because they have a lot of live music. I recommend this place as a stop in a bar crawl or after a dinner on south beach.
Looking for an alternative to the vibrant Euro-electro club scene in SoBe? Jazid is your place. The cover was $10, but if you're the type that doesn't carry cash on you- the cool thing about it was that you can pay with your card. I was expecting a dive-like atmosphere but was relieved when I went inside and felt like I was at typical NYC/LA jazz lounge. There are two levels to this place. The bottom floor was grooving to the sounds of "Akara". A good local-Spanish ska/funk/reggae band, while the upstairs room was a dark smokey room ( I love the fact you can smoke inside!) with a bar and a D.J. playing dub-step/jungle remixes to 40 your favorite top 40 songs. Plus there is a pool table if you really don't feel like dancing. The prices for alcohol is expected for a bar on Washington. +$12 for cocktails, $5 for beer. And they do offer a wide selection in beer. The only con was that the girl bartender charged me $5 for a coke-a-cola! WTF, I previously tipped her well too! ha! Highly recommended.
Two words: Identity Crisis. One the one hand, Jazid is a favorite hangout of many locals who praise it for its unpretentious and laid back atmosphere and amazing live music acts. and on the other, some locals think of it as the typical south beach place both tourist infested and unoriginal as well as expensive and hectic. In my experience--it's both. My latest visit was on a Saturday-- yes, parking in South Beach is a MISSION. Yes, I had to pay a $10 cover at the door, and yes, I then had to pay $10 for a watered-down Vodka Tonic. It was extremely crowded and two girls from the Midwest asked me for coke while I was standing in line for the bathroom and then proceeded to drunkenly make fun of my Hispanic accent. BUT, the salsa band was ON FIRE and there was plenty of room to dance in what was a pretty laid back atmosphere. I say, this place is pretty A-OK for the beach and its worth a visit. You'll have a fun night.
Mad props for running a non-pretentious place like this on Miami Beach. Went on a Wednesday night, no cover, live band doing some awesome jazz/Latin/hip-hop. It's a really dark place, not a lot of room to sit, but it gets crammed and you can hardly dance unless you get right up to the band... but that's like the best place to dance anyways! The art on the wall is interesting, definitely something to look at if you get there early. Drinks are not cheap here, but I did get free refills on non-alcohols. Upstairs had worldly trance music, lots of Latin vibes here as expected in Miami. The DJ downstairs who was spinning prior to the live band starting was not good. It wasn't even music selection - actually I liked the mix. But shouldn't a pre-req for being a live DJ involve some level of beatmatching? Like, whoa. Maybe I'm just becoming an EDM snob but geez, all I want is to avoid any of those awkward stops between songs. The live music is definitely worth checking out. The culture orgy is just fantastic.
Great music...live reggae downstairs, an awesome reggae dj upstairs.  Drinks are cheap to moderately priced (which is a shock in South Beach), but it doesn't have the oomph and awe of the huge clubs that the area is known for.  This is kind of why I like it. If you want good live music, and don't feel like dressing to the nines, this is the place to chill.
This place does bad business. They should be reported to the Better Business Bureau. They will charge you a cover even if it says on the website that it's free. You can tell that they're liars too! Plus the place is trashy and very dirty.
Great music.  A bit pricey $20 entrance (I think I got the tourist rate) and a bit crowded - but definitely worth another visit (as soon as I can figure out the free/low entrance fee days).
Even though I hate the South Beach bar/club scene, I sincerely love this place. Just enough bump and grind for my liking. Spam All-Stars occasionally plays here on Saturday nights. They are a funk/electronica/latin band and they are fantastic. Also, the tattooed treat tending bar on Saturday nights has a very heavy hand. Two mixed beverages and I'm loony tunes all night. I like her a lot. I hear there is a cover after midnight, but I always beat it, which you should do too. The first floor gets crowded (especially during shows) but you can always escape upstairs to rest your legs. But what's up with the trays of free hot dogs? That was unexpected but delicious. Minus one star for the sketchy nature of the second floor. My friend bought some special substance from a pool player who decided to flash his gun during the transaction. Not necessary at all. If you're not into the South Beach scene, come here and get silly.
Went here on Sunday night. Walked in and immediately was ambushed with the intense smell of marijuana. So we walked up stairs and it was even worst! We were inside of this place for two minutes and walked out. I have asthma so being around this much smoke is very irritating and will cause attack. Also someone I was with is newly pregnant so she can't be around a bunch of smoke either. We left, asked for money back since we were only in there for two minutes. We were told No. I politely said ok and left. I explained my concerns clearly and I think they were pretty valid so something should have been done. Something like this should be made clear to the public or at least the people paying to go in. Everyone does not smoke weed so they should let it be known that this is a smoke party. Better customer service would be nice and this establishment is definitely a small hole in the wall. So make sure you take this into consideration before going here.  Not a good experience and I would not go back!
Pretty good bar on the beach depending on what night you go and what music is playing. Downstairs is normally live music and upstairs is a bar/dj/pool table. I would kind of compare it as a beach version of tobacco road minus the outdoor area. They have a bunch of cool art/graffiti on the walls here. On Thursdays they have "Dollar Drafts" which ends up being a tiny Styrofoam cup (but for the beach its worth it) They have these big glass jugs you can buy also and just do your own refills but they are $10 and only fill a little under 6 beers. This place is cool but not worth it on nights they have cover charges unless you are going to see a specific band or something.
I don't like reggae... no no... I love it!!!... la la Star-worthy: Live band on a Sunday night (start about 11) and this is an awesome chilled spot if you like reggae. Lots of seats but place fills up quickly when the band starts, so get there by 10.30 or so for a seat. Star-killer: Although smoking is supposed to be limited to upstairs (which seemed like one large 'joint') people were also smoking downstairs which kills it for non-smokers, and definitely worth losing a star. Drink prices were cheaper than most south beach: beer about $7...
2 floors. 2 different vibes. 2 awesome. Downstairs is usually live reggae, upstairs is sometimes a mix of hiphop, drum & bass, or just clubby dance music (depending on the night) $9 for a long island $5 for a Miller Light bottle BUT Thursdays they have Miller Light drafts for a dollar and they come in little styrofoam cups.  You can finish them in 3 gulps, so you have to down several to "get on that level".  It works, it's cheap. They have a lot of cool, trippy, stoner art on the walls and they let you smoke inside. But I don't think cigarettes were the only thing people were smoking.....
PROTIP: get there a bit early and you walk in - no cover. Two story atmosphere is mad chillin'. Art covered walls, logo designed by Lebo, live music and a dj? Shit. New fave place. Ground floor houses the live band, a bar, bathrooms and grouped seating. Top floor houses the DJ, a bar, pool table and comfy seating. Decently priced but pressured to buy a drink to remain seated where I was (ground floor). Not cool but I get it. For the atmosphere and for what it represents, I'm diggin' this joint.
A video I shot at the place. Always enjoy hanging out here inside and outside: vimeo.com/22687788
Heard a lot of good things from the hotel staff about where to go on Tuesday night so my friend and I went to hear some live music.  The singer was very good and the drinks were priced to party.   However, we could not stay long because there was no ventilation to clean the air.  2 very attractive women from up north sat next to us and came  because they heard there was a good party there that night, which there was but they left because of the smoke or lack of smoke eaters to clean the air.   Instead of spending $50 more for some drinks we left.  HEY OWNERS GET SOME SMOKE EATERS!
Came in here on a Saturday night with 2 of my lady friends and it was a killer time. The bartender was a doll and poured the real deal and she took great care of us. The band was almost as krunk juice as I was so it made for a perfect match. I really like this spot and I will certainly return my next time in Miami. Nick K said it perfectly in his review but we encountered no shadiness while only staying on the first floor. Well let me retract that statement, the girls were a little spooked by some of the Creaper's lurking around late night trying to poach on the young talent in the bar. Again hats off to the bartender, Claire, I believe her name is, she's the shit.
The place is small and cramped... There's just a few seats around the walls but they are usually all taken. I never got a chance to hear live music as the bands were taking forever to setup. Spoke with Tony the guitarist from Raging Geisha their house band... cool guy and seems to have a passion for music. Will go back another night to check it out when they band setup is a little more organized.
On an disappointingly tame Sunday Miami Beach night, got a tip from the Irish Pub across the street to hit up Jazid for some Raggae!  This place was absolutely excellent!  Did someone say no cover charge?!  and live music!!!?  Cute small space.  The downstairs where the band was was packed.  you can tell everyone was grooving, bumping to and enjoying the music.  Was a little hot in there since so much people.  Heard the upstairs was cooler but smokier so stayed downstairs.  The bartender was cool, and drinks were cheaper than the rest of southbeach.  Had barstools around the bar, which was even more of a plus.  Being from Cali, this place was unlike anything i've been to before! Nice little joint to enjoy great reggae music!
If you like Miami, but don't like Miami, Jazid is your kinda place. It's in the heart of South Beach, but it's also very non-South Beach. Jazid is funky, interesting, weird and chill. We rocked it on a Thursday, and they had live Latin hip-hop downstairs and a decent DJ upstairs playing a mix of underground dance/Top 40 to a wall projection of old "He-Man" episodes. Drinks are cheaper here than anywhere else in South Beach, but tourists be warned (especially older tourists): Some bartenders will overcharge you and your card and charge you your 'gratuity' on credit card orders, even if you're only ordering a drink or two. If this happens, tell them, 'No thanks,' and have them rerun your card. You're not paying 20 percent tax on drinks at a dive bar - even if they are cheaper than they normally are.
I LOVED THIS PLACE! The cover was $20 and the drinks were $12 (I think). It has a level on the bottom that is jazz and a live Spanish band. Upstairs is "hip-hop" but it is sooooo loud you can't stand it! The whole place is really smoky and small but I really enjoyed the jazz. I would go back! I went on Saturday night.
great spot in south beach. awesome parties like stank love (d&b) which happens the last saturday of every month on the second floor. i sure hope they move it downstairs as last saturday everything was dead and down there but upstairs was on fire. cool bands and great dj's spin here constantly. sometimes theres no cover, sometimes theres a $5 cover and sometimes its $10 but always a good time. decent priced beers, fast bartenders, $20 min to open a tab. i dont usually go to south beach to party but when i do, i go to jazid hey, that sounded like that dos equis commercial...
This place has really good vibez. My boyfriend and I love roots reggae and culture, and we had a great time here. Our first visit was on a Saturday night. The crowd was really thick, laid-back, and friendly. The live band had us bobbing our heads the whole set--sampling favorites from The Fugees and Bob. The waitress was attentive. We sat down for no longer than a minute or so, when the waitress took our drink orders, and she checked on us frequently.                On our Sunday visit, there was live music on the first floor and DJ's upstairs. The second floor has a comfy loungier feel to it with its old school red lighting and tall-back casual seating. It definitely DOES NOT have that too-cool-for-school vibe, like a lot of the surrounding venues. Come dressed night-casual or in club gear or in your freakin' 80's prom dress. Nobody seems to really care. Just enjoy the music! The DJ's were on point-- spinnin' lots of familiar oldies-but-goodies lovers' rock and pure culture.  If you're a fan of Sizzla, Fantan Mojah, Jah Cure, Richie Spice, and Gyptian, to name a few, you'd probably love the tunez they were spinning. My boyfriend and I, along with the whole second floor, were singing the whole night. The intimate ambience and good music made for a romantic night out for reggae-lovers visiting Miami.     Ok- a couple random fun facts: 1. They have free mix cd's, so if you're curious, get one from the DJ's. It's basically advertisement for the club sprinkled with reggae classics. They also had some mixes for sale. I'm definitely going to buy one of those next time.  I'm sure those are seamless tunes I was hoping to get in the free CD. 2: They seem to look the other way on cigarette smoking-- on the second floor anyway. I didn't notice cigarette smoke on the first floor.
Oh Jazid how I love thee. I hardly make it to south beach anymore but when I do you are always on my list. Its such a cool and random collection of different people! Last time I was there I saw a group of people in complete formal wear (gowns & three piece suits) dancing to the live band Suenalo next to some random reggae and hipsters. Its awesome, usually pretty laid back and a guaranteed good time :0)
Cool jazz and some live bands. Upstairs mix of music, hip hop and jazz. Ceahp cover and full bar. Nice chill lounge and good vibe inside. Friendly staff and great bartenders. They make great drinks there. If your like jazz and like dim lighting and a good vibe then check this place out for sure.
Went here back in 2006 for a WMC sponsored party.  It was a drum and bass and jungle type of party that night.  Usually I could hang with that type of music but the crowd that night really didn't do it for us.  But probably not the venues fault.  Might be back next time if we knew more about which promoter is throwing it.  But yes, certainly not the venues fault that we didn't like it....
as my friend thurgood likes to say, the upstairs "smells like da bomb."   fun place with a chilled out vibe, live music on the ground floor, with a dj and pool table, and nefarious characters upstairs.  a great place to visit for that island vibe.  crowd is cool but I wouldn't want to smudge anyone's pumas
This place used to be THE place for locals to go.  Though, I have to agree with the last reviewer, that it's been rather empty-ish when I've been there on the weekends lately. That being said, the bar is large, and I like that there is a stage downstairs for performances, and a DJ upstairs.  And you can't beat live music EVERY day of the week. That - Jazzid does very well, and that's why I'm giving it four stars.
i swear if this place wasnt on the beach it would be my second home, i love all the music acts that play here, its the first place that got me into the local music scene and will always be a little gem in my heart my favorite nights ahave to be weds and sundays eventhough their sat and fri are mostly poppin....during the week its ussually free and on the weekends its ten bux which is avg for the beach the drinks are beachy but come when they have their specials and your ok, not to mention to get on the bartenders good side and u might get a drink or two on them (pun intended) xperimento, locos por juana, suenalo, jahfe, spam, lanzallamas, artofficial and soooo many more....never a dull moment at this place! love the local art love the mixed local and touristy crowed, love the bartenders, love the crazy writting in the bathrooms, love the fact everyone just wants to dance and they dont care if its on the stairways or by the bathrooms, i just happen to love everything about this place so check it out!
Live bands, drinks priced right, cool art walls, & chill and relaxing ambiance...This place is one of a kind. The best part is the break beats, reggae and all types of mixed beats they play upstairs. It just fascinates me each and every time. Also, the bartender upstairs which is a female, she is the greatest & the sweetest ever! This place kinda reminds me of Amsterdam but only in Miami  Beach :o) This is the best kept secret..shhhhhh.............Ok, not to be selfish... tell all your friends!
We went on a Monday night, and they had karaoke downstairs and Mary Jane Mondays/hip hop upstairs. It's a pretty small place and I didn't really care too much for the crowd and atmosphere.The dance floor is small and it pretty much looked old and run down. The DJ and music was pretty cool, but i was pretty much ready to go after about 30 minutes. The drink prices arent too bad. They had a drink special on Monday-$4 kamikaze shots and $5 coronas and tequila shots and there was no cover to get in. Overall, I give this place 3 stars. Maybe it's better on a different night.
I love Jazid.........Im a new yorker and it reminds me of a tipical NY Lounge................I love the music also the live band on the main floor is a added plus...............I really want to take advantage of the reggae nights on sunday.........maybe next month when im in SB, Miami...........Highly recommended
Been here twice now. Pretty good vibe.  I go during the week so I couldn't say how it is on the weekend. Love the doorman he  is hilarious, and soo very nice! Havn't actually bought any drinks here because we always stop in before going home. Nice place if you like live music.
The best night to go to Jazid is on Sunday nights they have reggae night and the live bands are just great. The energy is chilling. I usually get there around 11pm or midnight and I do not have to pay a cover. They just card you and your in for the best night of your life. The drinks are pretty good and the bartenders are super nice. Like the bartenders, the people who go to Jazid are so laid back and looking for a great time just like you. Great place to meet new people. If you do get to go on  Sunday try to catch JAHFE! That is, by far, the best live reggae band I have seen. All in all, JAZID is the place to be on a Sunday night. Totally recommend it.
Jammin' on Washington. Small place with intimate atmosphere. Upstairs is more spacious, with a (small) pool table and space for sit down and relax. I'll be back.
My friends and I went to Jazid awhile back on a Saturday night. On that night, ladies got in free and guys had to pay a $10 cover charge.  The atmosphere is definitely a place for a sophisticated crowd.  I Loved it!  It was so nice to see people who were passionate about music.  Many locals usually come to Jazid.  There is some dancing in this club but it is not lewd like other South Beach clubs.  My group stayed downstairs but you can also go upstairs.  I highly recommend Jazid if you just want to relax and listen to great live music.
Jazid is hands down the most chique and unique club I've been to in South Florida.  The music is absolutely amazing, it will blow your mind. When you finally get sick of spending $20 for candy ass whiskey and cool-aid  drinks out of plastic cups, and want to groove RIGHT IN THE FRONT of some of the greatest talent in the world, Jazid is the place to come.  I'm from Chicago...I know culture.  In South Florida, this is IT.
This local dive charged $2 for a game of pool on a pretty dirty table. No bands were playing, but music was good. Pretty empty when I walked in at the end of the evening, some good pot was being smoked by a little group on the couch upstairs, there wasn't that many people there at that point, they should have shared with the rest of us.
Excellent music and atmosphere (down to earth) !  Every time I go to Miami (from Chicago) I go to Jazid, worth the visit.
Dive bar feel. Live music downstairs and different music upstairs depending on the night.  Last night was drum and bass.  Good times. But I wish the venue was nicer.
This is a very cool place.  Came here to see my friends, Suenalo Sound System (check them out).  The opening act was not good.  Like a really poor man's Jack Johnson singing Sublime songs with his own lyrics intermixed.  But, overall, a cool place.  It sucks that you can't hear the band that is playing downstairs in their upstairs area.  The downstairs was PACKED.  Upstairs was quite empty.  Overall, a cool place if you go to see a band you like.
Paid 20 cover charge......l went here Wednesday night because on the website ...Wednesday is advertised as ladies night with 5$ martinis all night....which they acted as if they had no idea what I was talking about until I showed it to them on my phone.....after that slite incident the bar tender was awesome.........the place itself.....really small....laid back....music was good......ok for my first night in MIA......only complaint is the cover charge was too much for the type of club ....
My friend told me to "go see JahFe on Reggae Night and you will not be disappointed".  I'm not from Miami and I don't know the band, but she made me do it.  I'm glad I did.
Best reggae spot in Miami hands down!
This was a petty cool spot to listen to some reggae on Sunday nights! No cover, good deal for south beach, but they get you with the $6 red stripe. Live band jamming downstairs and some crazy DJ's upstairs spinning all sorts of Jamaican skunk funk. Cool bar upstairs has some couches to lounge on after being caught up in the smoke, to rest and refuel for some more jamming. Cool place, lots of people and very good vibe. I will return
Very energetic atmoshpere with good live music downstairs. Upstairs is a variety from Reggae to Breaks Beats to Drum and Bass. Old school & new school.  If you like a friendly personal atmosphere this is the place for you. Drinks are very attractively priced for a south beach club.
LOVE this place. I'm there almost every week. They always have amazing live music. The place is not big at all so it can get packed, and not too comfy. As far as cover goes, they never charge too much, but drinks are a bit overprices (like everywhere else in South Beach). I definitely recommend it! Every time I have friend in town, I take them there... it's a must!
It's an amazing place to listen to renown and up and coming jazz, ska, rock and reggae bands. It's also a hidden gem in South Beach - very close to Miami Ink - perfect to escape from the superficiality of the Miami nightlife. I love going on Wednesdays and Saturdays. They have a very informative website with the calendar of bands and events. Check it out, you'll love it!
This place is hands-down the worst venue in Miami. A tiny little cramped, awkward layout with never enough space for the bands that play. That doesn't matter anyway since there are rarely more than a couple people there. Add a lunatic at the door (not sure what he was on) hyping this well-known locals spot to passers-by as "having more floors than Mansion" and arbitrarily charging entrance depending on if you know him or speak the right language, rude bartenders and chain-smoking customers and you have a pretty terrible combination. I hate the pretentious Collins Avenue garbage that's mostly for tourists or people who think they're "upscale", but I'd take that any day over this hole. The only upside is the bands they book (hence the two stars instead of one). They are good and I feel bad for them, since this place is way beneath them. With the abundance of new, cooler, friendlier places in Wynwood or Little Havana, you'd think they could find another venue where they could play for more than 12 people...
hole in the wall dot com
