Good Environment, Great Drinks, and AMAZING staff that took excellent care of our party. Definitely a win and a stand out place for the area.
The Good: The ambiance was nice. Not too many people. The Bad: They need more fans outside to keep their guests cool. The Ugly: The bartenders weren't great. One couldn't make a drink properly and when I asked for it to be remade, the other bartender wasn't very helpful. Though she did remake it, it tasted worse than the first one.
Stopped in here for the start of a Wynwood night out.   The place is beautiful.  A huge outdoor area.  Half was blocked off, seems more for special events or major party nights.  Inside is small, dark and has a romantic feel to it.  Though it was roped off there is an upstairs area that looked quite cozy.   There is a bar inside and out.  It's was a Friday and we enjoyed time at the outside bar for their happy hour that goes til' 8pm.  Really friendly staff and great drinks and prices for happy hour.  There is a specialty drink that is a daiquiri served as a martini.  Double rum deliciousness.   The music was fun - but a little loud.  A nice mix of things to keep you boppin' your head while hanging with friends.   We tried all of their happy hour food.  This is where they lost a star.  The only thing that we great was the slider.  The boneless ribs, empenadas, pork/plantain dish and the bacon wrapped dates were okay.  Nothing special.  Didn't leave us wanting more.
Last Saturday me and my friend were looking for a place to hang out and have some drinks and decided to head out to the artistic part of town, Wynwood. I remember I had been in Cafeina about 4 years ago for my ex birthday party. We decided to check it out. Parking is off the street, but there was plenty around. There was no cover and the place was comfortable to walk around. When we arrived the DJ, Mr. Pauer, was jamming to some old school songs, which then he later mixed with some Latin stuff. He  was really good at blending the songs. He actually mixed a hip hop song to a salsa song, beat matched.... I swear to God. Service was ok. Premium drinks were $12, not bad for Miami. There are tapas plates as well.  The empanadas looked really good.  The place inside, although small, is nicely decorated. The only downside about the place is that there's only a single restroom, that I could see....so you can imagine the line. I would definitely come back to hang out again.
Cafeina, I just went back to my 2012 review and I read that I had mentioned something about a $10 cover charge at the time along with positives about the drinks, food, and ambiance.  This past Saturday I was with two friends that had never been. I kept raving about your cafe con leche martinis. We honestly just wanted a quick cocktail and continue our night of exploring galleries.  We come to the door and the lady asked for $5 each cover charge. I explain that we didn't want to stay for long and that my friends and I just wanted three cafe con Leche martinis. She wouldn't budge and insisted we pay the combined $15 to come inside.  I think it is absurd to pay a cover, especially when no other bar in Wynwood charges a cover. Cafeina, you have some stiff competition with Wood, Shots, Gramps, and House that neither have a cover charge. You missed out on at least $40 on drinks due to your "must have" cover charge. We went elsewhere!  Good luck with that.
This place is amazing!! I cannot wait to go back. I love the food and am obsessed with the drinks!  Everything is tasty and they serve perfect portions so that I don't feel like going straight to sleep after I eat. Dancing after eating is totally possible with this food. YuMmmMy!!!!
Terrible. I Do not recommend this place. Restroom was horribly dirty, and the door didn't even close. I walked in to find a guy in there Service is poor they are misleading with drink choices to make you order something that will cost a lot
Beautiful yet cozy. This place is a hidden jem in the wynwood area. Their drinks are refreshingly innovative.  My favorite was the cucumber cocktail and the cafe con leche martini. Who knew you can take tge essence of a café con leche and put it in martini, the atmosphere was very chill and relaxed. You can come decked out or in tshirt and jeans. All in all I would love to make this a regular happy hour spot.
TERRIBLE service! Yes, the food is amazing...but it will take you an hour to get it. And the manager will do nothing to make amends for the ridiculous wait either. Better off going somewhere else for lunch/dinner.
in love with this place! Every time I go I don't want to leave! great drinks, tapas, music and service. If I could, I would be here every 2 to 3 days! having cafeina withdrawals already
This place is great! Me and some buddies stumbled across it while walking around Wynwood. The sign on the street corner directing us down the road worked! Who knew! We got there kinda early on a Satruday. Maybe 10ish, so it wasn't crowded at all. No cover. The bouncers out front were very nice. We stayed in the outdoor part. There is a bar which occupies the center of the courtyard with chairs and some concrete benches situated around it. Inside there is a pretty posh lounge area with couches and another bar along the wall. Dimly lit and just right for a bite to eat and some drinks. We had a few cocktails and enjoyed the chill vibe and cool tunes. The mix of people was refreshing. There were some hipster types and a few groups of gals and guys. There was even had a cadre of silver hairs rounding the corner as we were leaving. My friends had been visiting South Beach and I brought them over to Wynwood to have some different flavor during their stay. They had a great time at Cafeina. As did I. Will be certain to bring people again.
I've come to Cafeina pretty often, and overall I've been a big fan. They have great signature drinks, prices are not out of control, the DJ's they often have are always on point and I love their outdoor space. However, I came here for a happy hour with my best friend a couple nights ago and the experience here really left a bad taste in my mouth. We had been sitting at a table for a couple of hours (Thursday night), when someone comes over and plops down a reserved sign and then tells us that if these people show up we'll have to move. What? We'd been sitting here for a while already. Why wasn't this table blocked off before? And since they offered to move us to another spot, why couldn't they just put whoever was coming in over there? At that point, we really didn't want to be there any more, shuffled into whatever leftover corner they had in mind for us. We asked for the check and left, and will likely not be coming back. It's a shame because again, I feel like this place is doing all the right things, except customer service. Save yourself the hassle and embarassment. At least if you have any interest in ever sitting down to enjoy a drink here.
Note to the cabaret dancers: Build suspense, shimmy a little, take a little bit off, and smile. Those words should be listed in the cabaret dancer manual because when I visited Cafeina, their performances seemed just awkward. You had women dance, twirl like they were tipsy, and just reveal their random pasties at the end-- it just seemed awkward. No performance value; just a random peep show. The performances could have been better. I am by no mean a go-go dancer/trainer extraordinaire, but I think the "dance-ability" could have just been better. Besides the dancing, I loved the outside patio areas. I ordered goat cheese croquettes, and it was pretty bare- something you could finish in a few bites. I was a bit tipsy at arrival, so I could not sample their drinks, but Cafeina seems like the type of place you go for ambience-- a chance to drink and chat outside, enjoy a sensual yet somewhat incomplete cabaret dance, and visit the art gallery which serves as an extension to the place. I will probably come here again to get the full experience, but this place just left me with a lot of unanswered questions.
All I have to say is hands down to the best truffle fries and cafe con leche martini are to die for.
Some places are outside. I get it. And if you go to said places, you should expect, particularly in Miami, to be subjected to a little heat, a little rain, and a lot of sweat. It is what it is. And, to be fair, this place has a decent patio area. In theory. The problem isn't that Cafeina has opted to provide a patio area. The problem is that Cafeina has chosen to do so as an afterthought, that Cafeina did so simply because Cafeina was stuck with a big lot and a not-so-big covered space. You see, Cafeina -- which, in practice, you quickly realize is more a typical club than it is a casual lounge -- has set this patio alongside a diminutive interior that is pretty much intended to accommodate those opting for bottle service and those desperately trying to escape the sea of people and sweat flooding the patio area. Now, don't get me wrong. I understand that a group choosing to pay for bottle service is going to receive certain comforts that the rest of us won't. This isn't an attack on Cafeina for doing the same thing that every other place does. What DOES bother me, however, is that there's a big effort to accommodate the big spenders and very little to make everyone else feel comfortable. Let me explain. The patio bar is something of a joke considering the number of people that are allowed to patronize Cafeina, and the bar inside is little better. Considering that Cafeina subscribes to the notion that the more people you let in, the better the place is, this makes for a really uncomfortable situation. I mean, I guess you're fine if you don't want a drink. You know. If you're one of those people. But if you DO want a drink, and you DO want to navigate through the crowds without accidentally feeling someone up, and if you DO want a certain level of service despite your not digging into your pockets for bottle money, then you'll realize that Cafeina doesn't much care what you want.
LOVED IT!! Classy!! Live DJ played everything..danced all night. Hot Passion was the best drink I've had in a long time!! The food was great, but the portions could definitely grow. Overall Cafeina provided one of the best nights I had in Miami.
love love this place , good food and music fun atmosphere don't skip it if you come to Miami!
Went on a Gilt deal.  Not a bad little spot, drinks are pretty on point, food is meh.  Not the kinda place I would go on a Friday night because I'm sure it's a hot mess but decent spot for a happy hour before you're on to the next.
Great Happy Hour! One of the Best Sliders in Miami.   Wynwood  Miami is an interesting artistic neighborhood and definitely worth checking out.
Had such a great time here, came the other for happy hour with friends.  The tapas were great and amazing prices, the drinks were phenomenal and the music was vibing.  The decor is really nice and elegant, there outdoor space is huge adn the staff is very friendly.
Great drinks- over priced but good happy hour on wine. Suave atmosphere. Good ambiance. $5 cover on Art Walk? Why???
Did someone say 'Cafe'?!? I love coffee and, with all the amazing reviews Cafeina has for their Cafe con Leche Martini, I had to go try it ASAP. We arrived around 9pm, earlier than our usual 'going out' time but, gave us the opportunity to enjoy the place, mostly to ourselves for a while, and look around.   We chose to sit outside.  Really nice set up, several tables with sofas (careful with these ones - they're a bit low, may take some by surprise when sitting too fast - funny).  Our server was amazing, very attentive and quick.  We did not have an empty glass at any point of the night, and our  food did not take long at all. So, about those Cafe con Leche Martinis...  Absolutely amazing!  You definitely have to try it, one sip, you'll love it!  Food is pretty good too.  I tried their Truffle Fries, a bit oily but good taste, specially the cilantro truffle mayo sauce it comes with.  Also tried the Salchi Papa which surprisingly wasn't too greasy - I was happy with that.  Oh! And their Mojitos, one of the best I've had. After a while we moved inside, cool decor.  DJ overseeing the bar and floor.  Music is great, not a bad song all night.  Once there, make sure to check out the gallery on the next room.  Cool art, and quieter place to talk for a bit before heading back to get another amazing drink.
I think I have a new favorite spot! I went last night for the official art walk after party. I had a great time love the venue. Very small with a balcony for bottle service which is kinda cool keeps you out of crowd. The place is very nice I was expecting it to be a little more rugged since its in Wynwood. Very nice large patio outside with dj spinning inside Afrobeta was performing which is always a good time! If you go notice the two amazing paintings on these massive metal doors that my good friend Jonny Robles did cam out great. I think im going to be a regular here. Oh their acclaimed "jungle juice drink wasn't all that. Besides that great sevice moderate prices good venue great crowd good times (Borat voice) Ok I havent eaten here I didnt even know they offered food :/ but apparently the food is pretty tasty! Cafeina, the brainchild of owner Ivette Naranjo, has been realized by designer Pepe Calderin. The lounge will merge the worlds of art and nightlife, boasting a 1,560-square-foot lounge and mezzanine styled in a warm manor-esque décor. Adjacent to the main room is a 1,000-square-foot art gallery, with an accompanying 5,000-square-foot garden for outdoor exhibits. Nestled a few doors down from Purvis Young Studios in the heart of the Wynwood Art District, the art gallery-lounge hybrid will be the new spot for the intellectually-curious. Cafeina is slated to be the first venue launched in the neighborhood with a full liquor license. Aside from the classic martini, signature cocktails using coffee as the main ingredient pay homage to the lounge's name and will keep guests caffeinated into the early hours of the morning. Executive Chef Guily Booth, whose crab cakes were recently heralded by Martha Stewart as "the best she's ever had," will satisfy patrons' palates. Other items on the tapas style menu include: Miniature Kobe Burgers ($11), Tuna Tacos ($13) served with pomegranate mayo, and Shrimp Lollipops ($12) in a passion fruit marinate. "Wynwood Art District has become Miami's version of the 'SoHo' reincarnation. Each new restaurant, gallery and shop that opens here adds character to the area and breathes new life into Wynwood. Cafeina is another piece of that puzzle," says Naranjo. Got that info from examiner.com
An except from the Yelp Bible by the Yelp Reverend. THE VOICE The Good Lord said, "Follow my  voice into the darkness of the Wynwood district. His faithful disciple, AKA Richard K. followed the voice; just as Moses who had followed the burning bush to receive the Good Lord's plan. The voice led me to the hip and trendy Cafiena lounge. The faithful disciple, Richard K., walked in and saw an awesome setup. Cafiena had a cool, chic inside with an art gallery in the back and an awesome, chill patio for the outside. The Lord, HE read his disciple's  mind and gracefully obliged to play rocking music and give him angelic service at the bar all night long. Richard K was enjoying and sipping his godsend Cafe Con Leche Martini when Richard K. looked over to HE with a look confusion. The disciple asked, " Why such expensive drinks and automatic gratuity"? The Lord smiled and gave a little laugh to his disciple and said, "That is the price of admission to heaven." Richard K. smiled sheepishly and thanked HE for leaving a little piece of heaven on earth. Miami 1: 15-29
Have been wanting to come back after an Elite event that we had a few months ago. A friend was having a get together for his Birthday here so it was a great time to come back and check it out. We arrived around 9 pm. Parking was easy, we parked on the street across from Cafeina. We immediately walked to the back terrace area that has many couches and tables. Really like the decor here being outside, away from the world it seems. Not many people were here, as it was early. Only after about thirty minutes it did start getting more crowded. We all grabbed a couple of couches towards the back, next to the outside bar. A server came up wanting us to order food. After explaining we had all eaten we only wanted cocktails, he took our order. They have about ten different cocktails ranging from $10-$14 each. Some beer and some wine by the glass. I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir, that was not very good at all. I could tell they do not seal properly after opening. May want to invest in some Vac-u Vin's. It tasted old. The cocktails were decent, nothing to rave about. It took forever to get our drinks though. Our server was nice but not quite sure what the issue was about getting drinks in a reasonable amount of time. The DJ, was playing tunes, music was not that bad, but not great. It was a bit to loud IMO, for it being that early. I could see later when people are ready to start dancing but we were having a hard time speaking to each other. I still like the vibe and decor here, and will visit again. Speediness of service needs to improve for sure. Only one other thing that I did not find to my personal liking. There was a very strong scent, some people even thought it smelled like skunk, LOL but well you know what it was. Hey, to each their own but I did not want to smell it, it was awful smelling. Next when we got our bill, we had so many cocktails and food items that were not ours. Hubby said the waiter could not split it, and he was quite confused so we just paid it, but it did leave us spending a small fortune. Not necessarily the waiter's fault but he should realize with a group as large as ours bills would need to be separate. Our group was fun, it was awesome hanging out with such coolness. We had a good time with our company.
They say you should end the old year as you want the New One to be. 2010 was certainly interesting and I was determined to make a fresh start in 2011. I saw the event post on Yelp for the New Year's Eve event at Cafeina, and came here with Megan M. and her friend (and hopefully future Yelper). With close good friends and good music, I'm looking forward to a Great New Year! Unless you're a local (and I grew up in Wynwood), it can be a little hard to find as this is a good thing. You see, it keeps the vibe cozy almost like a cool backyard house party. From when I first started coming here, they have a fenced in parking lot decorated in awesome graffiti (new from this past Art Basel). Door entry was smooth - thanks Yelp Miami! Megan M. had gotten in a little before, and was able to get a table for at least most of the evening where we got to indulge in Spicy (Yes!) chicken wings and I lost my truffle fry virginity (Great Success!) My sweet tooth was satiated with their Cafe Con Leche martini,  and enjoyed the Complementary Champagne toast at midnight. We hung around only in the outdoor patio to beat up the beat house and trance music with a loungey touch, what looked like an aluminum sculpture in the patio and the simulcast of the Times Square countdown  (apparently Snookie wasn't dropped down the ball). Rony M, Andrea and Randy were also in the house and we got to socialize with as well. With such great company, I'm feeling great for 2011!
This is going to be a tough rate for me, as I'm not sure what direction I want to go in with this review. I think I'll start with the criticisms so I can end with the positive. First of all, the truffle oil fries. I didn't understand what the big deal was, a feeling that came much further into focus after sampling the Alibi's superior truffle oil fries later in the evening. I felt that they were generic skinny fries with some truffle character. There was also some gross mayo-like substance on the plate sitting uncomfortably close to me. I kinda wanted to rotate the plate 180 degrees to get it further away from me, but in polite company, I dealt with it. But anyway, the point is, you're Cafeina. Your truffle oil fries shouldn't get utterly obliterated in comparison to those proffered by a grungy dive bar. I'd had the chance to sample the cafe con leche martini at the Yelp event here, and I do find that concoction very enjoyable as a one-and-done, or even a dessert. I still maintain it had a grandma's-tapioca-pudding quality about it I found appealing. Yeah, I know you all think I'm a nut. But I'll continue anyway. I wanted to try something else from the "signature cocktail" menu, as some of the descriptions sounded exotic and interesting. I went with the Margot, a cocktail of "tequila shaken with fresh citrus (wonder what the fresh citrus was?), house-made ginger and cardamom syrup, and fresh sage with a Canton ginger liqueur and turbinado rim." Wow. That's a mouthful. But ginger? Cardamom? Sage? Sign me up. My excitement turned out to be misplaced. It was a perfectly drinkable cocktail. Yet, it was light-years from the exotic taste sensation I was expecting, and, like seemingly every cocktail I've tried here on a couple of occasions, too sweet. But hey. If you like predominantly sweet cocktails, fair enough. If you're craving sweetness, you'll probably love the drinks here. To me, the best part about Cafeina is the atmosphere. On a pleasant-temperatured evening, the courtyard/patio area is nice and relaxing. It feels like a serene little house music oasis - whenever I've been out there, I have always forgotten that I'm smack dab in the middle of Wynwood grunginess, which is a good thing. I prefer not to think about the vagrants roaming the sidewalk peering through my car windows to see if there's anything of value inside.
The more I visit this place...the more I love it!! Last night we dropped by for a few drinks and had a really good time!. Totally loved the DJ, playing a mix of 90's songs that made me reminisce of those good old  years. Bartender was really nice , staff was courteous. Only minus ,there's only one bathroom?? They should have known better! lol The outside patio is a really cool hangout spot, but head inside if you feel like dancing. Overall, a great place on a Saturday Night plus..free parking!!
Driving in the rain, through the 'hood, and past hookers isn't usually my idea of a good time.  But I was on a mission to check this place out post-Yelp Summer Night Dream party at the Moore Building.  It was a frustrating find at first, but by the time we finally found Cafeina's complimentary valet parking and ordered drinks, we were in a happy place.  Here is all you need to know about this place: Cafe con Leche Martinis. It's like breakfast, home, and abuela's cooking all in a glass - with a kick (and coffee beans as garnish).  We immediately bought a round - and then another.  There's a loungey/bar area, and what looked like a dance floor on the 2nd floor overlooking the first.  We lucked out and managed to snag some couches - but I would definitely recommend reservations for a big group.  Ordered goat cheese and mushroom croquettes with guava sauce, and some quesadillas.  Both were delish. Will definitely be back.
Went here last night with a big group of friends and we all had a good time. The bar outside is nice because it has a lot of space to congregate and socialize around the bar. Inside they were playing music and it had a nice vibe as well. The drinks were obviously expensive as this is Miami ($9 beers who knows how much for shots and drinks. All and all a fun place to hang out with some friends.
Cafeina is one of the greatest hidden gems in Midtown. From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but once you go inside you'll understand why this little bar/lounge is loved by so many. The location has an upstairs and downstairs, a separate art gallery and an outside patio. Everything is beautiful. On Thursdays and Fridays they have happy hour and usually live entertainment. Yesterday they had a live jazz band which was great. Cafeina also has great cocktails. Try their hot passion cocktail which is a little spicy but very delicious. The servers and bartenders are also very friendly. I cant wait to go back to Cafeina.
Oh Cafeina, There are a few perks you have to work on. One Love the Name, Two love the art work airbrush outside, & Three love the ambiance and the Decor in your place. You did a great job Yvette. ("The Boss"). However, I have to be honest, the food is good but very tiny portions and for the price I just think I should get a little more. The drinks are good, my friends had the flavored coffee yesterday at the Grand Opening. I had the watermelon vodka but it was just more sprite then anything, then again I'm more of a Scotch drinker. Getting to that, your drinks are a little over priced $15 dollars a glass (for the scotch), I'm sorry but we are not in South Beach, we aren't even on Brickell. It should be max $11 a glass. The portions the last time we went were very minimal to none, we had to bring it to your attention. I want this place to succeed though, I love the look, and I think it has such great potential. Grand Opening was nice, filled with people and great vibes, but again a little unorganized, the appetizers were coming out but I was there at 8pm on the dot until 11pm and I got a whole 3 to 4 pieces of an appetizer. (Not cool). I hope the service and the drinks get better because I see major potential in this place. Thank you Cafeina for another great night though xoxo
Cafeina is kind of like your favorite pair of jeans: you can dress them down on a given Sunday supplying comfort yet style, or you can dress them up with killer heels knowing you look sexy and chic. Cafeina is the lounge parallel to these jeans. Feel like keeping it casual and more relaxed for the night? Lets lounge on the patio. Feel like breaking it down and jamming to some live music or awesome tunes?  Let's go to Cafeina. Feeling artsy? Oh cool, lets grab a drink and peruse some art in Wynwood. What I am trying to say is: Cafeina is the chameleon of lounges/bars/galleries if you will, and now matter what you are in the mood for, this place can supply it. I also can't think of an unacceptable situation when Cafeina would not be an appropriate place . A girl's night, a Birthday party, a date, what have you, Cafeina is kind of like my go to location.   If you have not been here before, you can pretty much count on the fact that you will either get lost or seriously question your GPS. Cafeina is in Wynwood and right at the grasp of the ghetto. But don't be alarmed, just keep swimming, it will all be okay.  Once you find it though, I assure you will be pleased. You can easily get free parking, or cheap on a meter or in a lot. I have never had parking issues here (not counting the art walk). To add to the goodness, never a line and 99% of the time, there is no cover. The only time I was charged here was when Spam All Stars were and that was only 5 bucks. Upon entering, you will be presented with two paths. One leads you to the lush concrete patio oasis. You can find a cozy place to sit here and listen to music, sip a passion fruit mojito (my fave!) and people watch. The other option brings you inside where upscale elegance and a spinning DJ welcome you to Cafeina land. Cafeina land is a rather small kingdom however. Inside you can dine or reserve a table, personally, I find it to be a little cramped though. Once you find yourself adjusted with the lay of land and have a drink in hand, it is suggested to check out the gallery. The art here changes regularly and it just adds an extra layer of greatness to the place. I have started my nights here, ended my nights here, and made Cafeina my only stop for the night. Never a bad time.
Over it. Hipster overkill. Used to LOVE this place, and it's definitely changed. Granted, it was the night of Art Walk, but they had a whole "club" scene at the front door, letting certain people in over others ... not my deal. Then, once inside, it was totally packed, and bar prices were STEEP. Like, $10 for a well (Smirnoff, I believe) drink. That seems to be the trend in this neighborhood, and that just doesn't fly with me. They had some funky, weird-for-the-sake-of-being-weird videos playing on a projector, and the crowd was serious hipster. I just wasn't digging it. I'd give this place one more shot on an off night, but if it's a repeat performance of this past Saturday - I'm done.
Dear Cafeina, You've proved yourself to me time and again; so, thank you.  It's nice to be wrong every now and then.  Consistently have a good time here, the music is always right and the vibe is always jamming.  Plus, the food ROCKS.  Yeah, you're slightly pricey, I'll admit.  But I'm guilty of still coming.  Good times had by all.  :-)  Can't go wrong with you. Happiness & Moonbeams, SabrinaAnna*
So I had been dying to check this place out ever since I read Luis S. review a while back. I had a date a week ago and figured this would be the perfect opportunity so I embarked on the mission (that I had once failed before with my Yelper in Crime Ms. Whit R.) and finally found it. Let it be known the only reason I am not giving it a 2 is because their art gallery was showcasing a very impressive photograph collection of the civil rights movement, otherwise, the more I think about it, the more I digress from the idea of revisiting . Sure the decor is excellent, super yuppie-chic, perfect for the older 30's crowd. The patio is pretty cool to chill at, and sets a very sensual mood with those hammock beds and the artsy bar. I liked the tree- nuff said about that. $10 dollar drinks...ehh, noting that I could hardly find the place and that considering it was a Thursday night there were only 2 other people there, I find this pricing unnecessary. Granted, the drinks were pretty good, I sampled the Cafe con Leche Martini, the screwdriver with jalapenos and the martini with gummy bears in it. Our waitress had recommended the later and when I jokingly complained that I was upset about only getting 2 gummy bears, she brought me a cup full... kudos for that, service is cool in my book. But eh... other than that, this place is too pricey and the type ppl go to be seen except there's nobody there to see you. Not impressed.
It's nice to have a lounge/bar in this area, but it's too expensive. Pros: The ambiance is nice. I like that there are different areas to hang out - inside, outside in cozy seating areas, at the bar, or in the art gallery. The outside area is nice - even in the summer (at night, of course) - because there are lots of trees and fans. I liked the music, which varied from loungy to Michael Jackson. My pomegranate mojito was tasty. My friend enjoyed his cafe con leche martini. Parking on the street is plentiful and free. Cons: Drinks are $10 and up. Food is pricey and the portions are small. An example: the goat cheese and mushroom croquetas are $9 or $10 and there are about 5 little bits in the basket. That's like $2 a bite. Sorry - that's too expensive, and it does not encourage sharing in the way I would expect for a lounge/bar-type of place. Overall, it is a nice place to meet up for a drink. The outside area still has music piped in, but it's not too loud, so you can really talk with the person you're with. If they brought their prices down, or maybe had a drink special of the day (1/2 price), I would make this a regular destination.
They know how to make proper cocktails. Pretty good and nice service which can be hard to find in the Miami area. The indoor and outdoor areas are nicely decorated with good ambiance. Good music and usually not too loud so you can have a conversation. The Midtown/Wynwood area is a pretty nice cultured place overall.
As other reviewers have mentioned, Cafeina isn't the easiest place in the world to find, it's not in the classiest looking section of town, and just when you think you must be completely lost, you've arrived here. There's plenty of parking in their fenced in lot (with complimentary valet on weekends), and also lots of free parking along the street in front of the place.   At this lounge you'll find a secluded outdoor patio space with some cozy seating, and inside the building there's a main bar area in front with some couches, chairs and tables for seating, a loft area above the bar where they usually have a DJ spinning most nights, and in the back is an art gallery space. As has also been mentioned by others, once you're inside, it's easy to forget what part of town Cafeina is in and that it's in a more industrial/warehouse area.  That being said, though they do have some interesting drinks such as the cafe con leche martini, complete with coffee beans as a garnish, and some creative tapas/small plates, the prices are a bit higher than they really should be, epsecially when one considers what this place is and where it's located.
Loved this place. Set outside on the patio, the decor was nice and the service was great! Make a reservation. I love that you can get a table and have drink in a nice spot without the $400 bottle service and they still treat you like you are VIP. Food was food from the snack menu we tried. Definitely will be back!
I can't believe I haven't written a review about Cafeina sooner...I've been here a ton of times. I guess I overlooked it. Anywho....Cafeina is just simply awesome sauce! I love everything about this place. The Cafe Con Leche martini is absolutely to die for! It's one of those things that you MUST try. The DJ's that they have upstairs overlooking everything are awesome. I always find myself breaking out my phone to "Shazam" the songs that they are playing because I love them. The outside area is a really nice place to sit and enjoy some drinks with friends and have a conversation and then you even a little art gallery in the back. There's really nothing about this place that I don't like...and I will continue to keep coming back here.
The S/O suggested we check out Cafeina for some post dinner drinks after eating at the design district. It was a group of 6 of us, 4 girls and 2 guys and everyone got in with no problem. The décor is nice and trendy and the outdoor patio was great since it was a breezy night. There is a bar outside that had little wait for a drink. The pours were generous and the prices were uber cheap for Miami standards. 2 premium vodka drinks for $18 dollars- I wasn't complaining.   They also serve the drinks in glass cups which is a nice touch. We spent most of the night in the outdoor patio- they have a bunch of comfy couches and tables setup and even though they all had "reserved" signage on them--no one seemed to care where you sat. It literally felt like we had been transplanted from Miami to some other lounge in some other town. The DJ spinning outside was okay- playing mostly house with a couple crowd pleaser songs thrown in the mix. My one gripe is strictly location. How long will this neighborhood be "up and coming" but not getting there? I was worried my car was going to be sitting on four bricks when I left--or that we would be mugged/raped/murdered, etc, etc. but alas--- we were safe and my car was there when I got out. I can't wait to go back. p.s. I noticed later that they have free valet.
Came here for my 25th birthday with some friends. Great ambience, yummy drinks, and good tapas. Food is pretty pricey for what you get, portions are small. Drinks are good but nothing out of the ordinary. Not much activity happening before midnight but overall a good place to hangout with friends. Maybe during the happy hour it gets more busy. Made reservations and they were very accommodating to my group.
I have to admit that I have only been here once and it was in a tipsy haze...but the Pomegranate Mojito that I had that night has been in my daydreams ever since!!! My goodness it was DIVINE!!! Man, I wish I had one right NOW!!! Hoping to return very soon to have another (or two...or three) and sample a few more of their creative Mojitos. I also plan on observing a bit more so I can write a proper review for the place itself, but for now...GET YOUR ASS THERE AND TRY THE POMEGRANATE MOJITO!!!
Great Drinks, Atmosphere & Parking.  That's enough reason to stop by Cafeina.  Add to that friendly door people and overall an accommodating and friendly staff.   I've visited Cafeina twice.  Both times, the door people were friendly/cool and everybody seemed happy that we were visiting their establishment.  Good way to make a first impression.  On each visit, I got to hang out in a different section of the bar/restaurant/gallery complex.   The first time was the outside area with access to the art gallery in the back.  It felt like a friend of a friend's "backyard".  There are trees, seating and a bar with music at a perfect level for talking and schmoozing.  It was summer-time that night, so it was HOT.  I'm looking forward to trying it out now that temps have gone down at night. My second visit, I found myself in the indoor lounge towards the front of the complex.   I liked it.  The decor is dark, moody and kinda sexy.  *wink*  There's a small bar but the bartender was moving 'em in and out pretty quick so it wasn't claustrophobic.  Importantly, all of the drinks I've had here were....different.  Not your typical cocktails and definitely having a nice kick to them. I saw an upstairs area in the indoor lounge, but I haven't gotten there yet.  I'll make my way up there when I go back to try their happy hour.
Party in your Mouth.. That's all I have to say about the Cafe con Leche Martini!! I am not a fan of martini's or coffee but I have to say this is the most amazing alcoholic drink I have had in my life... (A bit exaggerated but it is true!) After trying the first one I could not help the addiction so I had to order two more! The martini has a combination of infused coffee Vodka shaken with Amarula Liqueur and Dark Crème de Cacao sprinkled with ground cinnamon and Colombian coffee beans. (YUM) For Appetizers we decided to try: 1. TRUFFLE FRIES- Served with Cilantro Truffle Mayo (Eh.. Different and not my favorite) 2. SALCHI PAPA- Fried Golden Potatoes with Seasoned Pork Sausage (the Sausage was really good) 3. KOBE BEEF SLIDERS- Sweet Shitake Mushrooms, Roasted Pepper mayo topped with melted Swiss cheese. (For me Minus the Mushrooms. Eww not a fan but the sliders were really good.) The outside area was really nice. They have fans outside for the HOT south FL weather but some fans were off and it was a bit too warm. Mosquitoes were a biatch!! lol. Hate those little suckers. Anyways, there is a bar outside and the music is really good. We got there a bit early so we were the only ones outside for a while. Service was Great major points for our waiter. She was very attentive. We decided to check out the inside area and it is very nice. Love the decoration! The art gallery was my favorite! a bit small but definitely amazing work! Overall, they place is awesome! I definitely want to be back again. Hopefully soon! :)
Martini sampling went horrid as its more hype than actual genius. Pricey as hell too. Only two bartenders to cater to everyone at the establishment including serving drinks as waiters. I also asked for a Gin Press and was given a blank look. Bartenders need some serious schooling. Hipster wannabe vibe. Music was sub par. This was on a Friday night at 11pm. Perhaps daylight hours are more their thing.
Ooohhh, you little creamy cafe con leche martini, I know i should have drank you at the end of the night, but I just couldn't wait that long to try you. Luckily, I had the willpower to switch over to the pomegranate mojito at Natasha A's recommendation. And DAMN, were those even more delicious! The bartenders at Caefina (shout out to Rob) sure serve up some tasty libations. After many, many drinks, I tried the tapas menu. Brent B and I tried the kobe beef sliders, the chicken empanadas with criolla sauce, and the duck confit quesadilla. My favorite was the sliders that came with a side of truffle fries. This was more of a meal than tapas - but, great value. Make sure to try the happy hour menu & especially the goat cheese croquettes with guava sauce. Cafeina had great happy hour choices and is super low key, if you need to get away from reality after work. The lounges outside worked as a time machine for me.
Cafeina during ArtWalk...  major no-no. Not only were they too cool for us, making us wait a good while before letting us in the red rope at the front, but they had some random secret method of who to let in, one can only guess. The back patio is nice, very trendy outdoors area with a bar. I like the music videos they project on the back wall. At first, I was a bit freaked out by their artistic nature, but eventually came to appreciate them after hearing some of my favorite songs and getting to see their interesting videos. Quickly, this area became unmoveable and cramped as the hours got bigger then smaller in to the night. The indoors was even more cramped, as the rain sprinkled. The music and scene is a bit different inside - I wanted out immediately. And then there is a private area within some bushes off to the side, mostly reserved areas but we found a place to sit and chat. Much, much nicer. Yes for: trendy people who enjoy chlostrophobic small cramped spaces and like hanging with other intersting folks.   No for: people that want to actually hear their friends as they talk. people expecting cheap drinks.
Real cool spot in the Wynwood neighborhood of Miami.  This place is a good 15 minute drive from SoBe but worth the trip. Came here to eat before heading out to the airport and even though the place was completely empty when we got there, the hostess was cool enough to give us a tour of the place.  Met the cooks, bartender and the owner.   The neighborhood is kind of desolate and can seem shady (especially at nite) but its actually one of Miami's best kept secrets.  It's packed with bars, lounges, restaurants and art galleries.  Definitely a place to check out if you want to get away from the tourist trap of SoBe and check out where the real people of Miami go to chill and let loose.
My pleasant surprise of the evening! I wanted a lounge and I got a lounge (plus a spacious patio and art gallery!) The experience started with ample parking, definitely a plus. Friendly entry into the patio with open skies and you can already see the artistic touches with the Golden sculpture under a tree that looked like it had neon strings hanging...hmm, I like it. I checked out the art gallery and assume they rotate so I'd be curious and check in frequently to see what new creative juices will cover the walls Okay my favorite part...The Bar!!! I had my food guru with me, none other than Ramon, and we wanted to try the Espresso martini, but the bartender had something even better waiting for us...Behold the Cafe Con Leche Martini! This concoction was made with In-House Infused Espresso Vodka (caffeine says what?!), Amarula (this delicious South African Creme Liqueur) and I can't remember what else, topped with cinnamon and 3 Espresso beans, I am a Believer! Caffeine has no effect on me, so I had  another, (and I think another). We zipped up to the VIP with a secret window overlooking the gallery. Music was a great volume, so you could converse and not yell to your neighbor. Clean lines, comfy couches, and a trendy powder room (yes I scoped out the bathroom-hey, coffee is a diuretic!) Truly a lounge and I like it that way...I'll be back to satisfy my caffeine fix and explore the food menu
Cafeina was definitely a cool place to have a few drinks with friends. Live music is always a plus for me. The outdoor patio offers an enchanting ambiance with twinkle lights all over a huge tree right smack-dab in the middle of the dance floor. I didn't get to spend much time at this location but I remember enjoying my time and getting the party started right here! I have never sampled the food nor have I perused the galleries but I am definitely willing to re-visit!
Not my cup of cafeina! Now that I've gotten the pun out of my system.. I just was not into this place. First the door guy yelled at me in spanish because he "needed" to search my purse (after he had already let us in), yet didn't search my friend's purse. We hung out, had a couple of drinks (that were OK but my friend liked her cafe con leche martini). The bartender was nice.. the rest of the staff not so much. It was like 2:30 & this guy came up to us saying they were closing when my friend hadn't even finished her drink. Mind you they close @ 3:00 .. so yeah. Unfortunately cafeina did not give me the nice high I was expecting.. but luckily there is so much better in this neighborhood!
Cafeina Lounge, at its core, is a venue known for its private events and nightly live performances. My question was as amazing as it is at night, would lunch be as amazing as well? To test my theory, I headed there for lunch. I didn't expect the restaurant to be packed but I didn't expect it to be empty either. There was only one other party and they were seated in the outdoor garden, so we choose to dine indoors, especially considering, this is Florida, in the middle of the day and the temperature wasn't cool enough for me to dine outside. It was a very unique experience dining inside the restaurant, since it also doubles as an art gallery and we had it all to ourselves. It was nice to dine and look around at all the various artworks on the wall. Concept wise, it was really cool. Our server was nice but not friendly. He was however a pleasure to have, since he was very attentive and offered assistance in our menu selections and making sure we had everything we needed. I'm not sure if he smiled, but he was good at his job. For lunch, they offer a few drink specials, so I ended up getting a glass of Tinto de Verano. It was light and refreshing! We started off the meal with the Ahi Tuna Mini Tacos. I would describe it as a cold ginger soy ceviche on top of a crispy tostada. It wasn't what I would call a taco or what I was expecting it to be, but it was fresh and nice light starter to our meal. My friend ordered the Cafeina 8oz Burger. Despite everything on the menu being tapas size, it was a fairly big burger. It was very good and the beef was nicely cooked. Based on the menu, I had thought the meal came with a choice of fries or mixed greens but we recieved neither. I had forgotten to ask and didn't want to make a fuss, so I left it alone. I ordered the Jibarito Sliders. This was a somewhat unique dish, at least to me. Instead of the typical bun, it was sandwiched between two tostones (fried green plantains). That added so much to the taste of the dish that a piece of bread counldn't. The pork in the middle was tender and well seasoned. I really enjoyed this dish, it was truly amazing. Since we had assumed the meals came with a side, we had only ordered the Goat Cheese Croquettes so I could try them. I know the are suppose to be tapas size, but it was only 3 little miniature ball. I was expecting to get a little more than. In any case, they were hot and tasted very good. For desert, we had the Fried Ice Cream. It was crusted with flakes and sat in melted chocolate, mmm mmm good! It was delicious, it was just also an extremely small portion. The food here was exquisite, the gallery was beautiful, and the service was respectable. it was a unique dining experience I enjoyed.
I went to the Wynwood Art Walk After Party here last night with a group of friends.  The event itself was fun, Afrobeta performed, models airbrushed to look like wild animals, a baby Liger, and a good crowd.   Cafeina consists of a large outdoor patio area with chairs, tables and beds, an art gallery space and a two level lounge.  The space is designed beautifully, with rich browns on the walls, subdued lighting, and a very cool wooden bar. They have a variety of specialty drinks, mostly focused on coffee (hence the name).  I had the coffee martini, which had a rich coffee flavor without being overly sweet.  The upscale "jungle juice" cocktail was also very tasty, with kiwi puree, lime, rosemary, and midori.  They serve a small menu of appetizer plates, which looked good, but I didn't try.  Overall a cool spot for the neighborhood.
I love this place! I have not tried the food here yet, but the evening atmosphere is great! I have gone about 2 or 3 times, and the last time I went, was an after party event after Art Walk. The entrance fee that night was $7 but included a drink, and it was good! Then my friends and I took some pictures at their artsy area and made our way inside where the music was bumping. We danced so much, it was a great time with a group of 7 friends. We left at 3 am, and the music was still going strong and new people were coming in.
Good for them!  It takes balls to open a place like this in the area that it sits.  They did a phenomenal job in their build out.  Interior looks very nice and the outside patio also is very accommodating.  Drink prices are very reasonable. Cafeina will do very good and has added great value to the Wynwood area.  Kudos to your ballsie move in opening, establishing and pioneering the Wynwood area.  Many will follow your steps. Keep up the good job!
What a shock this place turned out to be. Came here for the UYE FloGo Party, driving around in circles in an area that appeared to look like Beirut. And out of the blue appears a really hip and chic bar. The best part of this bar is the outside garden area. Heaps of couches and a awesome  wicker bed that  fits a hundred people which was soooo comfortable. I think I will come back to this place just to take naps on that thing. I'll def be back on a Saturday to take my nap!
One of my favorite happy hour spot! :) Great prices, mouth wateringly good sliders and goat cheese croquetes! Major plus's!! Minus's-sketchy neighborhood :/ easy fix, carry mace in your purse....problem solved!
Location: In the ghetto. Parking: street. Cover: none Attire:  no shorts. Bathrooms: clean.   Atmosphere: hip, lounge, bar Good for talking: nope Cafe con leech martini. Fantastic. All in all, good place.
GOOD first impression! I lounged here for the first time last Friday. It was POURING rain that night so the place was not so crowded (which was better for me). The host was cool and VERY welcoming. After seeing the people inside I'm sure me and my date stood out BUT this crowd was so laid back I never once felt uncomfy.  Everyone was cordial and just having a good time. The place is very CHIC and the vibe here is CHILL. It really DOES remind me a lot of the lounges in NY. The DJ plays an "open format" of music so we heard a little of EVERYthing: 80's & 90's hits, House/Tech, Soft Rock, Reggae, R&B and Pop. The speaker volume was loud but not to where you have that ringing in your ear when you walk out. You can DEF come here on a date and not have to worry about screaming how your day was. The drinks were GOOD and not as expensive as I thought they would be. I grew up in this part of town so the "badness" of the area doesnt bother me and it shouldn't bother you either. Cafeina is actually tucked away pretty good so there's not a lot of traffic on this street. There's PLENTY of nearby parking so you dont have to walk much AND there's a cop car that sits at the end of the street. I look forward to visiting this spot again.
What a great place?! I came here for the first time for their NYE bash. All I kept asking myself is where have I been that I have never come before until tonight?! I loved the music, it is a mix of old school jams, indie, and rock. The decor here is fantastic! I loved both inside and outside. The crowd here was great as well! I will definitely come here another time!
A group of us celebrated my best friend's bday here this past Saturday.  It just so happened to be gallery night so there was a bit of a crowd.  We were able to reserve a spot with NO CHARGE for our group by calling a couple days earlier.   We all had a blast!!!  The decor is really pretty, its a dark and sexy place with a really nice bar and dramatic chandeliers, theres a gallery in the back and a really nice outdoor patio area.  The drinks were reasonable the music was super fun, it was a mix of everything you can possibly think of, and it had a really nice crowd.  I cant believe it took me so long to try this place, its awewome!
So glad I finally got to try this place out and more than once! First, I went on a Saturday night after a free event downtown and it was kind of empty; albeit it was early, only around 9PM and not Second Saturday. So, granted, I wanted to go back and try it again so I could experience the dancing vibe I've been told it has. But that night was my favorite because I got to sample the food on their menu, which was GREAT! Too bad I haven't been able to go back to eat there again; their tuna tartare was excellent. On two other occasions I've been back to sample the nightlife at Cafeina and have been very impressed by the nice ambience and good music and crowd. The disappointing part is the line outside... we're not on South Beach and I have zero to no interest in waiting in line for 20 to 30 minutes. With that said, once we were in, we had a great time; if you make it there just before the crowd hits you can solve this problem. And, I absolutely LOVE this on Second Saturdays; after walking around looking at the galleries, it's a great place to end up and chill.
Love this space!! It has an art gallery, outdoor patio, and 2 level lounge...wayyyy cute. Would love to have a private event there...not sure if they rent it out but would make an awesome venue! Loved the cafe con leche martini! Great mix of music and crowd. A place where everyone seems welcomed...who knows maybe they even know your name. Think the last time I paid a $5 cover was 15 years ago...winning! Loving Wynwood more and more with each new place!
Came to Cafeina on a Saturday night (that particular Saturday was a Gallery Walk night) and it was pretty full. There was no mission at the door whatsoever and the music was good. The place is comfortable with an inside and an outside and there is a gallery as well. The night we went Kiki Valdes was the artist exhibiting his work- which was beautiful! The drinks are only about $8 for top shelf!!!!!! Wynwood has a new fan thanks to Cafeina.
Like a parent who'd like for their child to be a concert violinist, I would have really liked for this place to be better...but no matter how much I'd been rooting for them they just didn't have the skills to pull through. I went on a Friday night for their Happy Hour, and found that my friend (who graciously picked up the bill as a post-birthday present) and I were the only ones there. We decided to lounge outside, it looked comfy enough, where we tried battling the mosquitoes over territory and lost...only to be sent back inside. Now the inside was like lavishly decorated catacombs...it was dark and I'm pretty sure the emptiness made our voices echo. I had been wanting to try the Gummy Bear Martini, but was told they didn't make it anymore (why?) So I had: *Pomegranate Mojito-- really tasty and refreshing. could have really drank it all night. *Lycheeini-- mistake! it looked and tasted BLAND. *Cafe Con Leche martini-- it was a sweet after-dinner drink, found it to be very filling. Drinks were well over $10, and for what it was and in this area...really not worth it. I'm sure it's a different atmosphere after Art Walk, but a place cannot live on one night out of the month alone.
Really cute little spot. Decent happy hour options with creative cocktails, beers and tapas. Was a little disappointed with the tapas sampler, tiny portions. The bathroom was very dimly lit (or was I too tipsy to find the switch?) The place was completely empty when we arrived but will return during the art walk to check out the outdoor area and dinner options.
If only there were a zero star option. This is the worst happy hour spot in Miami by far! From 5-6:30pm there was no one - NO ONE - and we still had to get up from our table to order drinks because their wait staff wouldnt serve us food or drinks at our table. As it got closer to 7pm the night crowd started to come in and the waiter demanded that our party of 7 move to an upstairs location to accommodate a party of 5 even though their happy hour is from 5-8pm and we had reserved a table a week in advance. A free happy hour still wouldnt pay for such bad service. But, if you're looking for a lively older crowd who goes out early (7pm!) - this is definitely you're place.
Cafeina every time I go I love you more and more.  I am also in love with the fact that you happy hour does not break my wallet.   If you go, try their goat cheese croquets.  They are yummy.
I love places that have something for everyone. Cafeina's draw comes from its unique status as lounge-gallery-live music venue hybrid. Indoor and outdoor bars, indoor and outdoor live music stages, a decent amount of seating, and a little bit more of an "anything goes" attitude when it comes to dress than most other places in MIA. The indoor upstairs area is available for renting out for a party or event. It's great because it holds a decent amount of people but still feels pretty intimate. My friend did this for her birthday, and it was awesome. We had great service, with appetizers constantly being brought out and drinks available for us to purchase. They let her bring her own cupcakes from a different venue and served those for us too. Here's the dish on food: The first time I tried stuffed dates was at Cafeina, and all I can say is never before or after have I tasted such deliciousness.The empanadas are also great! I could easily just order enough of these to make a meal and be happy. The goat cheese croquettes are also good (similar to those at Sugarcane or Senora Martinez). And truffle fries - when are these not amazing? During happy hour, select apps are $5!! Cocktails are $7... I had a Hot Passion, which was a mistake for me because I could barely handle the spiciness (it has jalapeno in it... I guess I didn't read the description). Luckily, the bartender saw my face after my first sip, and used his magical abilities to tame the fire and make the drink more to my taste. If you like spicy drinks, I recommend it! After that personal disaster, I tried again with the Sabila, which is vodka, lemon juice, and aloe vera juice. This was definitely my kind of drink... It gets to the point. My friend, enjoying her uber-sweet berry margarita, thought the Sabila was gross. Basically, know your tastes and you can find a drink here to satisfy you. The extra-cool thing I love about Cafeina is the art gallery in the back. The exhibits change pretty often, so every time you go back you could potentially see new artwork. It's obviously nice if you like art, but it's also great if you want an escape from the loud inside lounge area, or if you get too hot outside. I have to admit I've seen great live music and terrible live music here too. But there's so much to do other than listen to the band that I will forgive Cafeina! The only other thing that's not my favorite is that this is not a place for dancing. I mean you can totally dance (and my friends and I have), but you will be alone! This place is a bit tucked away (read: your GPS may get confused), and the street it's on is a bit sketch (I did not appreciate the guys whistling at me the last time I was heading in... Who does that?), but once you find it you'll be happy inside.
I chose this spot for Happy Hour (5-8pm) with the girls on a Friday night because of the tempting menu and favorable Yelp reviews. We were all first-timers but we enjoyed it so much & are dying to go back!  Cafeina is cozy & loungy, with an older crowd which I prefer, perfect for unwinding at the end of the week.  The house music was just okay, however I noted a major improvement once the DJ showed up. The drinks are amazing!!! Their featured Cafe con Leche martini is rich, creamy & sweet with a hint of cinammon. I recommend to share this as dessert! I think between the 4 of us we tried all the drinks on the HH & regular menu, my faves were the Cute Cucumber with St. Germain, the muddled strawberry Berry Margarita, & Hot Passion that greets you up front with fresh passion fruit puree and ends in a spicy kick of jalapenos on the back of your tongue! More please! The HH tapas menu is delish too, we ordered the $18 Taste of Cafeina which includes chorizo parmesan stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, (swoon!), empanadas, mini baby back ribs (which were a tad messy but delish nonetheless), juicy beef sliders & short rib tacos. We shared it between 4 ladies but I know we each secretly wished for our own platter.
I really liked the atmosphere in this place; it reminds me of a lounge in the lower east side of manhattan or something. Location is in an urban area which is a nice change of pace from many of the other places in an around the beach. Seems like a perfect place to throw a private party, with both indoor and outdoor seating. The drinks were good and the goat cheese balls were awesome!!
It was Friday night and we didn't know where to take some out of town friends for drinks. So I remembered someone telling me about Cafeina. The decor was very nice, it is a true lounge, not like every other place in Miami that gets called lounge but its actually a club. It has an inside area and a patio. We got there around 9:30 PM the place was nice, it was not crowded, we decided to sit in the patio. The staff is super nice, but as the night progressed and got more crowded the service kind of lacked a little. Drinks where good, specially with the price. We also tried some of the food and it tasted great. The music was nice and chill, the playlist had Gorillaz. This is a place i would definitely go back to.
Food=great! Service=alright, kinda slow  Atmosphere=LOUD It makes for an intimate scene on first impression, but this cozy nightlife lounge gets very loud! I am all for listening to music while at a lounge; but when I can't hear the waiter or the person I am with, then it makes it a little harder to enjoy. However, the food was awesome. All small tapas plates, all equally delicious:)
The people who come here are like, reaaaaaaally chill. So chill if the music was shut off, I'm sure it would sound more like a library than a bar. This place lacks a bit of life if you come in at the wrong time. And ladies & gentleman, a can of coke here cost 7 dollars.  A single can of coke. I have a problem with this. You're a thriving restaurant in the middle of one of Miami's most up and coming areas of town, and you're upselling the wrong stuff.  Now, if you can get over that, read on: Cafeina is trying to be something a little different in Wynwood, which is known for its bourgeois dive bars and food truck crop formations.  It's a spacious little lounge with a nice outdoor seating area. Just in case you forgot:  A can of coke cost 7 dollars.  I've been here on multiple occasions for both events/parties, as well as just to stop in for a drink. I enjoy the venue for parties and events because of the open outdoor seating as well the upstairs entertaining area, but I probably wouldn't make this a stop in my Wynwood tour for just a couple drinks. Overall, the drinks are not overpriced and the food is good (tapas style), this place is just missing someeething that I can't put my finger on.
Got crowded. People danced. Long night. Had fun.
Looooooooooved Cafeina!! This is truly my kind of place. The decor is super cool, the music is equally as fun, and the crowd is fantastic. It can be as laid back or as crazy as you want it to be. Go there in a group, go there on a date, or go there single... You really can't go wrong.
Went here Friday for their Haiti Relief event. Suggested donation was $20 and included a drink by their sponsor (think called Pisa).  We found parking easily.  There were doormen which i dont think was necessary and hope doesnt become a trend on this side of the bridge but not sure if it was just for the event. The first inside room is great and i wish it was really just that space. Pretty bar, nice furniture, beautiful bathrooms.  The bar was pretty backed up even though it wasnt packed.  The DJ was great and much needed music in Miami. Then I realized there is another room which looked like an art gallery with a small bar that wasnt able to process credit cards.  They also have a HUGE outside lounge area that was really nice.  Very chill, the music wasnt as loud, they were projecting images on the walls so maybe they'll show movies eventually and had setup a stage so assume they'll do more live performances.   I loved this place because of the location, diverse crowd and music.  My concerns with it are that it is probably too big and i'm not sure what they are trying to be, Bar?  Lounge?  Club?  restaurant?  I saw them serving food to people, not sure if that was just part of the event or maybe outside seating is just for food.  Regardless glad its part of the neighborhood!
Came here for a special event night on Friday... they had some amazing 9/11 inspired art work. really nice. the place was PACKED inside though... i kind of dont like this... and outside although beautiful not equipped to handle the passing MIami rain showers! Since the place was so busy it was hard to even get a Menu! We asked like 3 people until finalllly we found someone who was able to help us out. She gave us the drinks and tapas menu.  Had to try the Cafe Con Leche martini.. and yes all you yelpers were right... its DEEELISH! Also tried the Lychee Martini - not a fan at all! BUT did find my NEW fav drink... a French Kiss! its not a cafeina speciality that i know of, but when i was waiting at the bar to close my tab i saw the bartender making it and had to try. its a shot of grey goose with champagne!! love love love ! now to the food, we ordered: - Goat Cheese Croquettas: OMG LOVE! deeeeliiiishhhhhh! and the home made guava sauce was lickity your fingers good! - Empanadas: they were good, but wasnt wow'd! - Crab Cakes: eh, didnt like either... they were kinda cold and didnt have a wow factor at all. Beautiful atmosphere, some plus but some downs. Priceyness for the area and inability to manage miami weather gives this place the 3.5 star rating.
Chic, yet not pretentious, Cafeina brings something unusual to Miami's tired and clubby scene.  With an innovative decor and reasonably priced drinks, this place will NOT disappoint.  The doormen manage the door well and without pretense and, once inside, the experience only gets better.  In inside bar can get a bit crowded, however, unlike many of Miami's packed clubs, these bartenders really know how to run a bar and manage to keep their bargoers well hydrated and satisfied. This experience gets even better as you move outdoors to the outside patio.  Heat lamps allow for one to enjoy the evening air even on a chilly night and the service outside is as good as the ambiance. For a great evening, do NOT hesitate in venturing out to NW 23rd....despite its unusual history, it does not disappoint!
The ONLY reason it's getting 3 stars is because the happy hour is really good! But they didn't honor the Yelp! Special. [- star] I didn't try the food so I can't base anything on that! Oh and the outside bartender was kinda rude.
Cafeina is the type of place that makes beauty is on the inside look like a lie. When I first stepped in I was greeted by cheesy house music being played at an obnoxious level, for how small the place is on the inside, and guys seated at tables by themselves with bottles. We ended up getting kicked out of our sofa buy another douche that wanted to get a bottle for him and his crew of girls with thousand yard stares. Us getting kicked out turned out to be the masterstroke of douchiness in our benefit. The outside of Cafeina is like the best house party you've been to. Couches everywhere, cheesy house turned into an eclectic blend of dance music, bottles turned into brews, and awkward cocktail waitress turned into cool bartenders. We all sat around and talked and drank and what could have been a forgettable night turned into a great time. Cafeina does a bunch of things to have most people turned away from charging a cover in midtown (WTF?) to a lounge that seems to cater to a 16 year old chonga, but this is all redeemed by a patio that has you feeling like you're in a brand new place but still feels familiar. I'll definitely come back to Cafeina but I'll be walking right past the double doors leading to the inside to a couch on the patio.
Upsides I like the art inside they usually change the artists every time Im there its something new!!! This place is . def a different type of lounge and good to stop by for a few drinks! They also have super fun events.... a few months ago I went to a cowboy themed event and we all wore out cowboy hats! They are Always having fun events at cafeina! feels like a hipster nyc lounge. Theres also a cool lounge area outside with couches... Downside:" warning... its hard to find.. and the area is not good! dont walk alone! lol drinks are a little pricey but I heard they have a good happy hour so Im going to try it out!..
Went here for my best friends 21st and had an amazing time! We didn't end up buying bottles (just tons of Dulce de leche Martins) and they still let us reserve a table! It was relatively empty until about 11:30 at night but was never felt 'dead'. Other than being a bit pricey it's the perfect place to go with a big group of friends! I highly recommend!
A group of us came here after work last friday and we loved the atmosphere!  We opted to sit outdoors in one of their cute/luxurious cabana bed type things.  With the fans blowing and the music going it was a perfect way to relax after a week of working hard.   Happy hour was 2 for 1 well, select wines, and beer.  They also have five appetizers for $5 each.  The bacon wrapped dates were awesome as were the truffle fries and the slider (which is cooked to order).  The portions are a bit small so it's not the best deal on food ever but the ambiance and the deals on drinks help make up for that.   Not sure what the late night scene here is like but  I definitely recommend it for after work cocktails and will be back soon.
My friends and I were at the Wynwood Artwalk on Saturday night and we went to visit the Art Gallery and have a drink. SO GLAD WE DID!!!  GREAT VIBE as soon as we walked in--Awesome DJ in the Lounge and a live band outside in the Garden...It was AMAZING!! Ended up staying the whole night! Great food and drinks, too! I had the best Pomegranate Mojito ever! And my friend had the house Cafe Con Leche Martini--and it was FANTASTIC!!  The Garden had a great scene with a fun crowd and an AWESOME BAND!! You gotta try the goat cheese croquettes, sliders and stuffed dates, they were really tasty. Highly recommend this place, check it out!
Went there on a sat night for Danny Howells.  This place is tucked in nice and neatly.  It's kind of like going into the rabbit hole.  The place is pretty posh and there was a ton of room outside.  The bartenders were really cool too.  It was a great vibe that night and everyone was having fun.  People were laid-back and just enjoying themselves. Haven't had the food there but I'm hoping to check out the menu before I leave Miami. 4 for the time being until I try the service and food.
Dark, shady, & in the middle of nowhere- exactly what I was looking for on this particular night. My good friend needed a drink and a place to forget it all, and Cafeina definitely delivered! Thanks to my trusty iPhone I had no problem finding this place even though I'm sure glad my husband was with us. He did wonder where on earth I was taking him & what I had gotten him into, but once we stepped inside all his fears were finally allayed. The place is trendy and full of young hip locals, which is a nice change to the crowds you find at the beach. We got there around 9:30 & didn't have a reservation but the hostess said we could sit at the bar. Although at first we weren't too keen on the idea, as the night progressed I thought it was the best place to be (it was rainy that day so the patio wasn't open). I started off with their famous Cafe con Leche martini which is made with pure alcohol- even the espresso is infused with it- and it was stupendous!! We ordered several other drinks as well and we were able to score free shots thanks to the bartender, Rob- he even shared a few with us as well. He was fun to talk to and mixed us up some pretty amazing stuff. As for food, the best are the stuffed dates- they flew off the plate!!! The goat croquettes were just ok, nothing to write home about, and the sliders were pretty good as well. The DJ did a great job with the music and the place had lots of energy without that South beach clubby vibe. It's definitely a place I will come back to! Oh and make sure to check out the bathroom! By the way, Valet is complimentary- just make sure to tip the attendant.
so picture this....two muppets driving around Miami totally lost... "jeez chrisht where the foook is the place?" Up the roads down the roads. "23rd street it says on the map...NW 23rd street mate, not NE, don't bloody ask me, I'm out of my bloody comfort zone since we arrived at the Design District when the sun was still up" "sweet mother of fuck the party will be over be the time we find it" "oh wait"...switching gears from Irish to American in my mind...::ring ring:: 'Yeah, Pauly ole pal...where are ya?...oh ..WESHT of Miami Avenue...DUH" up the streets down the streets "hey, that looks like a prozzie on the corner"..drive up closer...nah...just Pauly....who hops in the back into the booster seat. I would NEVER have found this place on my owneo...I had left my trusty GPS at home. Paul is my saviour, and has been on many, many occasions!!  Thank you my friend :) Very very pleasantly surprised walking in. It was like finding an oasis in the desert. Muah, Muah, Muah...omg so happy to see you...again!!...it was like only 20 minutes ago I last saw you wasn't it LOL....wooo...yeah. Hugs. Chest bounces. High fives. Palm Slaps. Yelpers. Looks like a Martini kinda place. Not me, driving tonight. A beer please. Couldn't or wouldn't get close to the bar to see the selection. Heineken is fine. $11 for two ? Not too shabby. OMG its so dark...who's that in the corner waving? Well HEY there Eddy!!! Small world. There's an outside! With a bed. Oh my aching body just LOVED that bed. Music outside was mucho better than in. "Do you remember this one?" "Yeah, but I don't remember who sings it." "Doesn't matter. I don't remember who sings any of them anymore." Art? They have art here!! A little gallery. How neat. "Do you think my car is safe?" "Yepster...super tall chainlink fenced parking lot and a guy at the door down the way. I'd say your 2001 Mazda with the headliner peeling because your bloody kid keeps pulling at it and the dog hairs all over the back seat is SUPER safe. It would probably be the only one left in the lot if all the cars in the world disappeared overnight in some weird car apocalypse". "Do you want a ride home?" "yeah".... "well STFU". "Do you think we'll come back?" " Meeeeh...only every weekend if I lived down here. You?" "Yeah. For this bed."
I loved this place. The ambiance, service, food, drinks.... just perfection!!!
Why oh why did you choose this name? I attended an event at Cafeina and my eyes were oh so tantalized.  The venue is decorated very sheik and chic.  You walk through the large doors to an open patio area ahead of you and the inside area directly to your left.  Inside there are 2 floors and the second looks similar to a loft in the manner that you can look directly down at the bar and the entire first floor.  There are several tables and seating areas.  Not much space to dance around but definitely to enjoy great music and chitty chats.  Upstairs was small and sweet also equipped with table and seating areas.  The good thing I noticed at least on the night I went is that they did not enforce bottle service if you made yourself comfortable on one of the couches.   I can imagine it would be a great after hours joint.   The outside patio was really cool.  It is situated under some trees and has torches lit up along the side.  Seems great to enjoy on a cool winter night but I don't think I would hang in the patio in the middle of summer.   I asked why it is called Cafeina because I didn't see a glimpse of it anywhere.  This is more of a laid back cool place to lounge; chamomile.  I wasn't informed of any special drinks or specialty items at the bar.  Actually we drank screwdrivers that came out red.  The music was good and I'm sure you or I have the CD.  I did enjoy the atmosphere and will make my way out here again.  I anticipate seeing the difference on a night they host a live band.  All in all it has a lot of potential and I would recommend a try!
Great space, good for a party of two for intimate conversation, but music too loud to try to converse with a group.  Seating is lounge style also conducive to intimate conversation.  The late Friday night DJ was good, and the service was good as well.  Specialty cocktails were contemporary, and the appetizers we tried were tasty.  Overall nice place for a date, would go there again.
cool place. ive heard lots and lots since they opened. the decor is beautiful and the bartenders were actually nice and unpretentious... which is weird for male bartenders at hip lounges like these. fair prices but limited beer brands. the music was good and at a decent volume so you can have a conversation and feel comfortable. i enjoyed my evening there but there are not that many seats. it was a cool night, luckily cause i dont know what are they going to do when the summer's here.
what a long night...and I'm not just talking the bulk of the night, pre-Cafeina, which was what finally brought me there - I am talking just of my Cafeina experience alone. granted, it was kind of late, nearly 1 a.m., for being on a mission to find food. chances were slim but several people said "Cafeina will accommodate your crazy drunken late-night wishes", so the five of us headed in that direction. after much, much searching and a couple of u-turns, we finally found this elusive little spot. not wanting to waste anyone's time, I asked at the door, 'can we get a table and can we get some food?' and off rushed michelle to work her magic...and did she ever. she got us a table on the beautiful patio, then got us stools, and then rushed back to let us know that there were three dishes left - yes, three left in the whole kitchen - and that even though the kitchen wasn't set to close for another 10-15 minutes, we didn't have much of a choice. so, michelle offered 'I'll bring you the three dishes, if you don't like them, you don't have to pay for them.' sounded like a good deal. we ordered our first round of drinks and they came out slowly and one at a time. mine was wrong on the first attempt and then took forever to come...vodka tonic, is it really that complicated? but it was late, and still fairly crowded, so I can give on that. we were enjoying the music outside (80s retro) and the gorgeous weather but wanted a peek at the inside. it was really nice, both upstairs and down but it was a bit too loud and crowded for my taste - I was looking for a more loungey vibe this night and the outside was a better bet. so, out comes our food, also one dish at a time, starting with the miniature kobe sliders w/ sweet pickle & roasted pepper mayo....the teensy, weensy little itty bitty sliders. seriously, they are bite-sized (one, small bite at that). but, I will say they were pretty tasty although they were gone before you could really appreciate the flavor. next came the salmon tartare with chips, which was extremely tasty, extremely. and finally we had a trio of dips with chips - the chips were a bit on the stale side but the dips were great. hummus, guacamole , and salsa - each really yummy with it's own special little seasoning. the service was a bit on the slow side but, again, I think that had more to do with the time and circumstances and is probably not so much a reflection of the way it usually is. the staff definitely went out of their way to please us and do everything in their power to make our meal/drinks/experience enjoyable. I definitely would like to come back for a more relaxed visit - some food, mellow music on the patio, a few drinks...and, of course, some cafecito!! (which I most unfortunately did not get a chance to partake of the first time!)
Definitely one of my new fav hot spots!! Went to opening party last weekend and decided to go last night for some tapas tastings and cocktails. What a great place..not only is it elegantly appointed, but has a cool hip chic vibe..who would've thought of such a place in Wynwood...Ivette Naranjo is a visionary... She is also a visionary for adding Chef Guily Booth...Martha Stewart named her crab cakes the best she has ever had and thats where my review starts. The crab cakes were the best I ever had too..moist flaky and guess what, tasted like crab..not some oiled down, breaded glob like in some other places...I could have eaten 10!! This signature dish has colossal jumbo lump crab with fried capers and cherry tomatoes. Also tried the cutest little burgers ever. The mini Kobe burgers were outrageous and oh so delicious and guess what, Chef Guily bakes her own little buns. I then tried the Tuna taco, which has sushi grade tuna, carrots, cucumber, pomegranate mayo and avocado hash..to die for..next I had the Ginger Sea Bass antucho..moist sea bass chunks  that were foodgasmic... Of course I washed all these tasty morsels down with many Cafeina Martinis, which is Coffee infused Vodka and a touch of honey...and thats exactly what Cafeina Lounge brings to Wynwood..a touch of Honey...plan to make many more visits to enjoy the great music, great vibe, great food and amazing cocktails..oh lets not forget the beautiful people as well.
finally made it out to cafeina this past weekend. yes the neighborhood is sketchy, you drive thru a warehouse district where only homeless and druggies hang out. but once you get there, i instantly forgot what we drove thru. what took me so long to check this place out? btw they have complimentary valet, great touch!! we decided to stand outside and enjoy our first round in the beautiful and chic outdoor space, which has a nice lush hedge for privacy (and so you can forget what 'hood youre in). it wasn't scorching hot, its officially fall you know. 8 bucks for a bacardi diet, heeyyy great price, well compared to brickell and sobe prices. when the heat finally hit us, we decided to move indoors for our 2 and 3 rounds. great music, cool people, overall awesome vibe. i will be back!!
I know this is where the hipsters hang, and this is a cool spot, but the service sucks! The last three times I've been to Cafeina, I've had a negative experience, and yesterday was the last straw. Yesterday there  was the Chamber of Commerce's Young Professional Network event and during happy hour I ordered two glasses of wine, which were $4 each, yay!, and an order of sliders. When I got my bill, it is a little more expensive than I anticipated and when I asked the waitress about the happy hour pricing, she informed me that I needed to specify that I was getting the sliders from the happy hour menu. Dude, its happy hour! I didnt need to specify that I wanted "happy hour" wine, I asked for a glass and was charged happy hour prices. And if the pricing or portion size varied between "happy hour" and non-happy hour prices, then it would have been nice for her to advise me of the difference.  I didnt understand her logic or her poor attitude. The service was poor on my two previous visits as well, which do not warrant a narrative. I am over this place, and not going back.
Hip-smooth lounge nestled in Miami's Wynwood Art District. Cozy, intimate spot that serves terrific drinks and features live music played by renowned DJ's. It is the perfect indoor/outdoor venue for a chic evening out or to stop by before or after other events.
After listening to my best friend, and everyone else rave about this place for months I finally checked it out.  The happy hour deal can't be beat and the selections on the appetizer menu were delicious and inexpensive.  Beware:  the goat cheese croquettes are addicting!!!!  I can't wait to go back just so I can have them again!  All in all, it is a cozy, nicely decorated little place with a great atmosphere.  The only thing I didn't like was the location, but I didn't dislike it enough to not be back!
went here the night of my birthday and hung out at the outside lounge which is really cool with their mix of seating, tiki torches, candles and their bamboo rounded loungers... they have two bars (one inside, one in the outdoor lounge)   I found out after the fact about their cafe con leche martinis as I read a few reviews AFTER going.. ah well, next time.. they have art everywhere..particularly in their "gallery" room where they had video installations playing however I guess the art changes out all the time... they also had a video going outside and even played Pulp Fiction.. how cool is that?!  love that movie!!  funny thing is I never checked out the inside bar or the food so I guess that'll also have to be next time.. this is a really cool chill place to go that has DJs, great music, good crowd,  and has the option of hanging out inside and/or outside.... very hip without the pretentiousness.  really nice staff..they even had some vodka promo going on that night with a few models wandering around offering free drinks to everyone.
I kicked off 2011 at Cafeina, and it has been a pretty regular spot for me ever since. I've been at night, where Cafeina is a lounge that feels just upscale enough for a date or girls night out, but laid back enough that you don't feel like you need to get all dolled up for the evening. I like Cafeina's balance. It's comfortable while still feeling posh. The music is always great, and never so loud that it hinders conversation. It's divided into 3 spaces. There's the lounge inside with couches, a bar, and a staircase leading up to a loft area. Through the hallway inside, there's a gallery. White walls are adorned with funky art that rotates every few weeks. The gallery leads outside where there are couches, high top tables, another bar area,and trees with overhanging branches adorned with twinkly lights. Each space offers something different. Now, onto the food and drinks! Cafeina has my favorite cocktails in Miami. Every drink I've had here is like a party in my mouth. I love their cafe con leche martini. It's a must whenever I go. For brunch, their white sangria is delicious and the pitcher is huge for the price (around $25). For food, Tiffany T. and I are obsessed with the truffle fries and order them whenever we go to Cafeina. I also really like the margherita flatbread. Service has been hit or miss as far as speed, but everyone is always so incredibly nice and accommodating. Most of the time, they haven't charged for parking, but I think when they're crowded or if there's a special event, they might. They have a brunch & bazaar every Sunday from 11-4. It's a pet friendly brunch with an extensive menu and a doggie menu. They also have local vendors and artists set up tables to sell pieces. On Thursday and Friday nights, they have 2-4-1 cocktails, $7 tapas menu, and board games. You can't go wrong with Cafeina. It is my go to place for any occasion, and doesn't disappoint.
My 3rd time here was a charm. Really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, the drinks, and the generously passed appetizers served during the Dynasty themed party I was attending. The bathrooms are clean as well. The outdoor area was relaxed with plenty of seating, music playing from inside, and friendly staff. There was a room in the back with new art work that was fun and interesting to look at. Because of the location parking is usually relatively easy to find.
Can't wait to go back. Went on a Friday night for HH, but eager to go on a Saturday night. I recommend this place. Laid back and chill.
Interesting ambience,  music is great and you can order a capuccino if you don't want a drink.   We decided to check out Cafeina on our Saturday night trek of the club life in downtown.  I liked it, there was a sitting area in the loft with the dj spinning some delicious lounge tunes.  It reminded me of a small warehouse-turned-bar from NYC. Its the perfect place to meet up after dinner (although they do serve food before 11pm).   I was able to order a yummy cappuccino for about $4 in order to keep my senses alive before we got to our next destination.  The liquor was pricey, $10 for a vodka tonic, and about $15 for a Black Label on the rocks.  I think I'll stick to the caffeine beverages and the low key vibe this place offers.
I've been to Cafeina a couple of times and have always had a great time there.  The DJ plays great tunes, and the drinks aren't too terribly expensive. I love the ambience - I didn't find it pretentious at all - and the outdoor space is very charming, especially on a beautiful night (like on my last visit).  Sure, it's in a sketchy neighborhood but the free valet is a bonus. And you forget about it the moment you step in.  It's a great spot and I definitely plan to return!
Overall, I really love Cafeina.  They have done a wonderful job in creating a cool, hip loungy bar with a gorgeous patio that can handle the overflow on the crazy busy nights.  The exhibits are always fun to check out, and add to the classy feel of the place.  I love the design of the space, inside is dark and sexy.  Outside is romantic and cozy.  We have enjoyed so many nights here, it definitely can vary a lot depending on what is going on.  I have had good experiences on the busy nights, you have to expect that you're going to have to wait a little bit for a drink on those nights, but the music is so good and the vibe as well, that I don't mind the crowd.  On a quiet night you could sample some of their great food and really chat with the bartenders, they will make a concoction special for you if you tell them what you like.  They are all very skilled behind the bar.  I haven't made it yet for happy hour, but made a pact with my sis to do so soon. Cafeina remains my favorite watering hole in Wynwood, last night their 2 year anniversary party was confirmation that this place is still rockin.  Here's to many more Cafeina!
We've been to Cafeina on numerous occasions and always had a great time.  Cafeina reminds me of what lounges used to be like on South Beach before the tourists took over - It's got a great vibe that stands on it's own without the need for promotion or a velvet rope.  The venue is great as it has a big outdoor area connected to the art gallery, a loft near the DJ area, and a bar area downstairs.  The free valet is a big plus as the area is definitely not the best to leave your car in.  My only complaint would be that the DJing is extremely suspect sometimes, but I would still recommend Cafeina as a place to go with your friends for a great time without the hassle.  It gets especially packed during Art Walk weekends.
Love this little jem in the heart of Wynwood. Every time I stop in here, the drinks are always good, the people are oh, so nice and the drinks are great! The music at this venue ranges from indie to rock. They have a little bit of everything and I hear their food is pretty good as well. I love the design of the space, it really makes you feel like you're in some trendy little NYC lounge. The outside patio is also a really nice treat when you just want to join some friends and have a couple of drinks.
This place is very cute. love the outside patio with the trees and overall vibe, inside is cool as well. the lil snackys I tried were tasty and can't say no to free bebitas. Can't say I have been here without an event going on but would love to come in a regular night. I love Wynwood.
so, i went on a night that had a band that was a mixed of reggae and spanish so, i wasn't really feeling them. But, outside they had a dj playing house music which was way better and better to dance to. also, they had some great food to munch on like little buggers and some skinny french fries to go along some hard drinks. i will try ti go back again to see if i have a better time.
We went on a Friday night not expecting to eat anything but when we saw the menu, we couldn't resist trying the goat cheese croquettes with guave sauce. They were amazing! The cafe con leche martini was to die for. It's a little pricey but if you go from 5-8 they have $5 wagyu burgers and $5 boneless baby back bites which I'm dying to try. Plus the music was great & so was the ambience.
I love this place! the ambiance is amazing as well as the tapas and drinks. Some nights its packed some nights its mellow but either way I love it! Good thing about this place is that it kind of filters the cheap weirdos that usually ruin the experience with ,for lack of a better word, their trashiness. This is a classy fun place. the only con I have is that its right next to Shots, that is the nastiest beehive for losers in Miami. Other then that, the music genre is ever changing and  my foot is always tapping. I've met the manager and owner a few times and I have to say they love to make the customer happy. Unfortunately the waiters might need tweaking, but management makes up for that quick. If I could I would go twice a week! This is definitely my spot!
Attended the Cinco de Mayo party hosted by Jose Cuervo Tradicional. Suenalo and Spam All Stars played. 2 free drinks were included, so you could just imagine how packed the bars were. I don't know how prices are on a regular night, but beers were $7.50 that night. I really like how the outside is decorated and I think it's a great venue to listen to a band play. The only bad part - the 1 bathroom! Seriously, who came up with that idea? Great times had by all!
We stumbled to Caffeina while walking in the art walk. As most galleries close around10:30 pm. This place has an inside area and an outside area which i truly like, we hung out in the outside area. They have a projector which place the videos to every song thats played, which I found really cool. The only negative was that the drinks were tiny and of course the same price as anywhere else, about $10 for a vodka tonic.
Nice outdoors, Gallery and intimate live music venue!
A cafe con leche martini for $10, seriously? Delicious. This place is a bit upscale without being obnoxious, and it's conveniently located within walking distance to a bunch of the Wynwood galleries. Definitely worth checking out, especially on the second Saturday of the month, when the art walks are going on and the food trucks are on NW 1 Ave, between 21-23 Street.
On a random thrusday night a friend suggested we come here for drinks.  To our surprise they had open Vodka bar and were giving free samples of their menu.   Everything was delicious and the bar staff (only two) were impressive as the crowd grew failrly quick (free liquor does that).  Music was great and the people were all friendly.  After a bit we walked over to the outside patio and the ambience was great.  Will definetely go again!
This place is super sweet. Plenty of room for mingling inside and out. I nice change of scenery from South Beach.
Have only been here for lunch. Very cool vibe, and the food was excellent. $11 summer lunch special included lentil soup and some excellent short rib tacos and a side salad.  Plus you get to be surrounded by art.
I guess you can call me a regular at Cafeina...this is my go to spot for brunch! I don't know what's better the $20 unlimited mimosas or the launch market with trendy designers. Its like having your cake and eating it too! The decor in the garden is fabulous along with the hipster atmosphere inside you are for sure to lose track of time and spend your whole day enjoying great food with good company. My go to favorite dish is the goat cheese croquettes. The balls just melt in your mouth, literally. Besides brunching, Cafeina is go to spot after the 2nd Saturday Art Walk ends. Everyone ends up here!
After hearing much hype about this lounge a friend and I decided to check it out for brunch..BIG MISTAKE. The food took 45 minutes to come out! The drinks were mediocre (I got a guava mimosa and he got a red sangria). My burger which was supposed to be angus beef didn't look or taste anything like it! and it was cooked "well-done" after I ordered it "medium". The fries tasted as if someone had dumped the entire salt shaker on them. My friend ordered the Kobe beef stuffed dates wrapped in bacon and it might as well have been an appetizer, he was lucky he ordered a side of salt fries to go with the dates. After all this we got our check I was charged for a $49 pitcher of mimosa's, which after pointing this out to the waitress she took care of. Lesson learned, DON'T GO THERE, unless you don't have taste buds or enjoy eating....
This place is hottt!  Sexy indoor space, modern outdoor patio, great lighting, fabulous although slightly pricey drinks (the cute cumber is my fave), hip electronic music, nice employees, impressive tapa menu (i hear the crab cakes are to die), and loads of free street parking. Yes, there are crack heads lurking two blocks away but that's what makes it feel like a special urban gem.
Came here on a Saturday night and had an awesome time. Cafeina made me feel like I was in the meatpacking district of NYC with its great vibe, attractive people, and bumping music.
I came here for the first time last Friday for a happy hour with girls.. We got here kinda early so we basically had the place to ourselves.. The place was very relaxed and tastefully decorated. We enjoyed the 2 for 1 happy hour special and also munched on some delist tapas..I recommend the goat cheese croquettes :)
This lounge/bar had a great vibe.  It's a very relaxed, comfortable, non-pretentious atmosphere. The place has 1.5 floors (I believe dancing was on the .5 floor) and there is an art gallery attached - so if you want  a break from drinking, you could look at art!
I took two nice  Ladies there Friday Night. I had made reservations on their site, but when I got there, no name on the list, but they quickly sat us. The Hostess behind the red rope was so sweet and she followed us in to make sure we had a table. The excellent service followed as I ordered a few drinks. Wow, do they make unique and tasty Martinis, the girls loved them. The food was amazing, but I especially loved the empananda's and kobe beef sliders, very tasty. We went out later ot the outside where they were showing a movie on the wall (Goriila Theatre..to fun) and the music this night was amazing "House" and was perfect. The crowd is upscale, friendly. The chairs outside very nice and we had a great time dancing and just 'being'    As always with Miami, get there around 10 to enjoy your dinner as around 11-12 it starts picking up! There was a good male/femal reatio, definately a nice crowd! And this week the gallery is 'Andy Warehol' and very well done. Overall a very nice experiance, great music, amazing food. And I don't know why the moans about parking, their is a huge lot for 10$ right there.
I've been here twice. The first time the music was great. Smooth and cool to match the lounge type atmosphere. I didn't get any drinks because I really was just passing by when I decided to go in. The Decor was really nice and I felt this was a cool type lounge spot. The next time I went with hopes of staying longer and it wasn't great. The DJ was playing this really upbeat and loud dance music which to me does not match the vibe of the place. There are people sitting down and chatting on couches, drinking and eating small bites etc. barely ANYONE dancing. Plus theres actually more sitting room than dancing room. So the music didn't match the scene at all. Then I ordered some drinks on the second floor which are supposed to be specialty drinks. Something with Cucumber and it tasted horrible. Bitter and no alcohol and it was almost $20 for that ONE drink. I kept going back to the bartender to doctor the drink because it just wasn't right. I will try the place another time in hopes of having a better experience.
On my first visit to Cafeina I was invited by my trendy design-district friends to celebrate someone's birthday. Upon arriving I had my usual bad neighborhood panic, but that soon melted away as a stepped into Cafeina. This place is absolutely stunning. Outside they have quite possibly one of the most breath-taking outdoor lounge areas I have ever seen. Inside the design, architecture, and ambience is nothing short of captivating. Complete with an art gallery in the rear this place leaves little to be desired. The birthday celebration came complete with a giant cupcake and champagne. We really had a spectacular time that night and I've been back countless times since.
Drink prices are decent. No ridiculous wait at the bar. Chill atmosphere. DJ ES & EM are awesome!!
Finally, got to check out Cafeina and just like the name it's full of energy and addicting. Walked in to find myself feeling like a sardine in a crowd mixed from young trendsetters to 30 something-year-olds. After a about half an hour of having to dodge peeps that were walking in and out to the back of the club where there is a terrace, it suddenly dawned on us to move back there too. Ahh, much better in the pretty lit patio area where there is also a bar and where you can actually talk and sit. There's also plenty of bathrooms in the terrace unlike the inside which only has 1 stall for women. I really liked Cafeina for a change from my favorite spot : Bardot which I ended up going to after naturally.
We came here with a couple of friends with a coupon we'd bought on Travelzoo. We'd never been to Wynwood before (don't judge), and thought it would be a great opportunity to check it out. The coupon included tapas and wine for two, and we bought one per couple and just shared everything. The food was great... it reminded me a lot of another spot I love, Sugarcane. The vibe is very cool here, although the lounge itself is very small. We were seated upstairs and our waitress was great. She was very attentive to us and we applauded her ability to walk up and down those steep stairs so often and with so much food. The only negatives I would say about it was that the music was really loud.. a little too loud for us to hear each other sitting feet away. Overall we all enjoyed it and would LOVE to return! It's a great spot to chill and people watch.
Chill place!! Great vibe!
Sunday brunch was nice: location, staff, atmosphere. But the wait for our food and even our drinks was longer than I would like, make sure you're not starving if you come eat here. Also, I prefer buffet brunches.
Great new lounge that isn't stuffy. A nice alternative to South Beach.
Every second Saturday of the month, there is an artwalk that takes place in the Design District here in Miami. The people who attend are just as interesting to look at as the art, and the alcohol is usually free. This being said, my roommate, Ariana, and I look forward to going every month. It is a nice change from the frat scene in the Grove, and it is probably the most "cultural" event that exists in Miami...sadly. Anyways, this Saturday we decided to grab some dinner at Cafeina before heading to the galleries. Cafeina is certainly more of a bar/lounge scene than a restaurant (not suggested for a dinner date), but the food is surprisingly delicious! My girlfriends and I sat on a sofa around a low table and got started with a round of drinks--the hot passion cocktail, made with rum, cointreau, fresh passion fruit puree, fresh citrus, and then jalapeno. This drink reminded me a lot of the Chili Passion Martini from the Setai (which is my favorite drink ever) and so naturally, I loved this one too. Anything with jalapeno is good in my book. Then for food we ordered up a Flatbread, made with artichokes, roasted chicken, tomato sauce, mushrooms, mozzarella, and hoisin sauce. The hoisin sauce was a really nice and unique flavor with the pizza, but I had some problems with the dough. The crust tasted like frozen pizza dough, which is unacceptable at any food establishment in my opinion. It had the cardboard texture of communion wafers that you receive on Sundays at mass. I don't know about you, but personally, I'd rather my pizza not remind me of the body of Christ! Next to be served were the Beef Empanadas served with spicy "criolla" sauce. These were awesome! It is hard to screw up anything meaty and fried but he dipping sauce that accompanied these took it to another level! I would definitely order these again. Speaking of fried things, we also got an order of the Goat Cheese Croquettes made with homemade guava sauce. I knew I would compare these to the ones served at Sugarcane (which are my favorite and amazing!!), and these actually exceeded my expectation. They were very, very similar and the sauce was equally as delicious. We fork-fought over the last couple bites, and I shamelessly scraped he plate clean. Last but not least, we couldn't resist ordering the Truffle Fries served with cilantro truffle mayo. The truffle oil was surprisingly good quality, considering the bucket of fries was only four dollars, and after polishing off the first order, we got a second! The mayo dip was an outrageous combination. Cafeina gets the value in good condiments and it takes their otherwise standard menu to an elevated level. Overall, I really enjoyed the Cafeina experience. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and presentation of the food, considering it is more of a bar/lounge than restaurant and I thought that the atmosphere was perfect for starting off the night. They had artwork set up in the outdoor area and the people were very friendly. Just make sure that you make a reservation, especially if you want to sit outside!!! They fill up fast!
I have never had such impeccable customer service as I had last Friday night for our official Miami Metropolitan International Fashion Week after-party.  Rebecca (one of the owners) had informed her staff about our party.  There was absolutely nothing we had to do other than bring people.  The night managers greeted us, the waitress took care of us and our group had no issues going to the bar.  I guess the only thing was the smokers had to go outside.  I personally don't care about this but I supposed this could be a "con".  The place is beautiful and I will be coming back very soon!!!!
its a new spot deep in the wynwood district boasting a lounge, dj, tapas, garden and an art gallery. a little out of the way, expensive drinks and a possibility your car may get stolen or get lost on the way there. My friends tried some of the tapa's and dint like it at all. I remember the tuna tacos was one of them. they also complained the service was slow but it was a genart event so it may have been a bit packed. could of used better music. the place is pretty impressive though. cant wait to go back when its warmer to take advantage of the quaint garden area in the back.
Awesome Happy Hour cant complain about a thing !
Horribly slow and very little portions.  Not sure if just our waiter sucked or if this is how it always is.  I usually can shrug off slow service but this experience was just pathetic.  When you order tapas it shouldn't take over 30 minutes per order.
Great place to celebrate a birthday!!!
Another great wynwood spot
Wynwood is not really known just yet for having a plethora of dining choices, especially on a warm Monday afternoon so when i found Cafiena serving lunch in its outdoor patio i thought, yay! I love Cafiena from its owners to its staff to its food and creativity with its rotating gallery exhibits, its truly an oasis in Wynwood! Everything was good, goat cheese croquettas are a must have for the table as well as the empanadas but the stand outs were definitely the veggie burger with the portobello mushroom bun, sooo good and the carrot ginger soup was amazing! So if you're ever bored of Wynwood walls and you haven't tried Cafiena, i very much recommend it!
CHECK YOUR BILL!!! Check your credit card statement. I got over billed by $240 dollars. I only ordered two drinks. I'll give cafeina 2 stars to give them the benefit of the doubt that maybe the bartender made a mistake. But who knows! I wont be going back.
both times that i've been to this place have been during the night of art walk, so i'm not sure what this place is like on a typical non-art walk night. the first time i was here they were also doing some sort of promotion and had free drinks, but that was way back in february so who knows what was going on. the second time, which was for this month's art walk last saturday, not so much a free ride. a couple of my friends arrived only a bit later and were asked to pay a cover. this isn't really my kind of place, the kind of place that asks you if you want to buy a bottle of something the second you walk into the joint. there is both an indoor and outdoor lounge area, the outdoor is much larger. the indoor lounge kinda looks a bit cramped and at night its very dimly lit so it looks even smaller. the room adjacent to the indoor lounge is a small gallery with a few pieces on display. i'm not sure if that's a permanent thing or just something for art walk. there are bars both inside and out. i had two drinks for $15, not bad considering where you are. if you open up a tab, to close it you have to go to the same bartender that you opened it with, which can be annoying if you spent a lot of time trying to get a bartender's attention and it's the wrong one. the music was not really my cup of tea. this place is ok but given my track record i'll probably only pop in here when it's art walk and i'm within walking distance.
You have to look for this place since it's kinda hard to find.  There is a self parking lot that is pretty cheap right down from it and you can park behind the gates.  We made it in and went straight to the back.  We came here for a friend's birthday party and it consists of a nice outside area with a bar, some comfy couches, and hip decor.  We were making fun of some of the old school music they were playing since we were made in the 80s ;)  There is a nice bar that on the left when you walk in.  We actually had our tab in there, so going back and forth wasn't really a problem since it was a nice breeze going on outside.  I tried the famous Cafe Con Leche Martini that the Yelpers were raving about.  It consists of coffee vodka with amarula liquor and cacao topped with cinnamon and coffee beans, which was sweet and delicious.  The cocktail menu prices are high, so that's why we stuck with our usual low class drinks ;P  The Saturday night vibe was nice and lovely until it started pouring for about 10 minutes.  The fun didn't stop that and it was a good time.
This was and still can be a great lounge to celebrate an event. The food is very good and they have a great Bar. The DJ is hit or miss depending on who is spinning. Service is good but its Miami prices on the drinks.
my first time going to this spot. i always heard about it and thought it was a huge place,but its not. its more of a intimate like surrounding and you can talk to people without shouting or pointing all over the place.its kind of surprising the location of cafeina,right smack dab in the hood. we had a hard time finding it because there is no big sign outside.i like the outside sitting area but its a bit too loud for me.the servers were nice and accomadating...enjoyed myself
Unfortunately I have been to this pretentious place several times. This time was for an Art opening. My wife bought her two friends a drink ($45. with tip). Not only did my wife's glass have something floating  in it but the glass stem and bottom was covered with crud.  Himmm... not good.  So she went to the bar and asked for another glass. They said "We are so busy we do not have any more glasses." The suggestion of a plastic cup was met with no response. BTW the bar was empty.
Only reason i gave it 1 star is because there is no way to do zero stars. First off, you need a bullet proof vest to get there. Secondly once you do get there you are greeted with the WORST service ever. And that is even under miami standards.
Super cute place to hang out! The truffle fries were delicious :) We sat outside and it was such a cozy environment. Will return!
