Lounge located in the heart of SoBe.  Luckily there wasn't a line outside because it was still early.  I asked the doorman how much cover was and it was $30 for guys and free for girls. (I wasn't on guestlist.)  They saw that my bf and I were from out of state so he told us to just go on in.  Woohoo!   We walked around the place and there's comfy tables and tv screens everywhere!  There's no dance floor here.  It looks like the dj is at the front being bored but he's on the opposite end of the place.  We bought two drinks and it came out to $35. The music was great and the vibe is as well.
Great Dancers and a friendly, attentive staff inside but the space is cramped and the decor/seating is shabby for the extremely high bottle service prices. Pros:  They have really cool go-go dancers and solid dance music.  The staff was very attentive for the bottle service.  If you are a guy or a girl, it's easy to pick-up a "friend" for the night. Cons:  The prices are stupid high for bottle service.  The space is very cramped and offers virtually no room for more than 4 or 5 people.  The decor is cheap and the seats, etc. are ripped and falling apart.  the bathrooms are also very small. If you need to go outside during your trip here and you have a spot for a bottle service, good luck getting back in!  The
As a Miami resident, every time I go to this place I have to deal with the bad attitude from this tall guy at the door. Yes, the serbian/ russian tall guy at the door, very unfriendly with guys and girls, bringing bad impression to new customers, new tourists and also new potential residents/investors of Miami. They will not come back to Miami as tourists anymore if we keep showing the lack of service ans unrespectful manners.
This is literally the worst club I have ever not been inside. First of all as an Orange County Ca native I've had the pleasure of experiencing high end nightlife in both LA, OC and Las Vegas. My friend and I came to Miami to experience the "amazing nightlife" and all we got was incredibly rude, greasy and foreign bouncers. Not only is this club poorly marked and just as exciting as a post office on the outside the people they were letting in could easily be starring on Jersey Shore or some sort of MTV rock or love reality show. All I know is this place is a waste of time unless you look like a prostitute or a greasy hornball in a tacky Grey satin suit. Party on Miami.
The host Boban was extremely racist and rude. The doorman lied and told us it was $1500 for a table and they didn't have a dance floor. Will never go back and will tell anyone visiting Miami to skip this place. If I could leave zero stars I would.
Nice lounge! I really liked the music! And decorations!nice bouncers.we had good time.
Never had such a terrible experience. They just refused to let me and my friend in because " We are full to capacity". Then they went ahead and let 20 people in right in front of us. The doorman/bouncer just didn't seem to like us for some reason. He was rude and obnoxious to my friend. Will never go back there!
Nice club, but as any other club is too crowded and overpriced. People can smoke inside, so you can't really breathe there,  the best part was the DJ!
Waste of time and money! Don't go here! Host gave wrong information! Waited in line for a club that thought it's sh$t didn't stink. Bust!
What can I say?  Obnoxious doormen who only let skinny girls with huge breasts in or skanks who take the time to flash them, guys who are the most TOOLiest of Miami This club doesn't mind letting underage kids in with questionable ID cards.. its just what is everything wrong with Miami in general. Someone mentioned that it was like being in an episode of Jersey Shore.  BINGO!  Miami Tool ..
Worst club in south beach! Overrated, overpriced, bouncers are the worst! With such big variety of great clubs at south beach I wouldn't spend my time and Money on this place. Do yourself a favor and stay away.
BE AWARE THE BARTENDERS STEAL MONEY FROM YOU. The bartender changed the tips I left on the receipt. I went to this place last night. When I checked my online banking the next day, I realized the charges are wrong. I left 18% tips with a WRITTEN receipt but the bartender charged 20% tips on my card. BE AWARE THE BARTENDERS STEAL MONEY FROM YOU.
Wow since 2001 (or 2002?!) this place is Brazilian paradise! And I'm Brazilian so I love it lol!!! But seriously! Small club = better crowd ppl! Think about it! So it's always been the case with this place and on top of it the music is amazing too! Very eclectic but still keeping it pop! Can't get enough of this place for decades now! Wow I'm getting old! Lol!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. Went to this place last night for my birthday.. Rude door guy. Wouldn't let in my friend that had a valid ID and everything. The only thing the door guy didn't like was that he was gay. When I asked him why my friend was not let in, he replied "he tried to grab my ---" Excuse me!? I was standing right there! Totally NOT true. This place is homophobic, rude and over priced. Dont spend another dollar in this establishment !
Hmmm, how does one explain Mynt?  Let's see.... 1/2 cup South Beach 1 1/4 cups Hair Gel 3 tsp Helium Balloons Dash of Essence of Arrogence 1 quart Jersey Shore 2 cups Scott Disick 1 heaping handful of regret Stir, cook at 450 degrees for eight hours. Serve cold, like revenge. Delish?  No thank you.
So we were actually looking to go to Rokbar which was next door when we saw that it was closed and stayed that way for the entirety of my trip. We headed over to Mynt where ladies had no cover. The drinks made up for it. Grey Goose and Redbull - $18.00 for a tiny cocktail. Yeah, um... I'm not drunk enough to pay those prices, but did. The DJ was great when he was on deck, but when he took his break and put his ipod to work - the music was blah. There wasn't that many people dancing, so we took to the floor. Fun for a awhile, until the drunken bridal party started falling all over the place. It's kind of funny to watch silly chicks, but not that funny when they start spilling near you. Those aren't cheap drinks ladies.... In the end we left because it was kinda lame, this chick rolled her eyes at me when I asked to get closer to the bar to order a drink. Wait, I'll save my money for the next place.... Late.
I'll stick with keeping mint in my Mojitos from now on. Going with the cool "mynt" theme I was chilly (in a bad way) they had the A/C blasting- it was freezing and I think they were trying to infuse the air with a fresh minty spray, but to me it smelled like chewed spearmint gum and cigarettes. Hmm, not too fresh. Once you get in it looks spacious, but in a half hour they pack in like sardines, so you get a lot of pushing and shoving, which, for a woman it sucks-I guess the guys don't mind because they try to cop a feel and you can't tell whodunit--Ugh, no thanks. To me the sparkly floor and black lights reminded me of going to Laser tag as a kid...just a big mess, like a new year's party that didn't get cleaned up. Service is great at the bar though. Our bartender made us a good strong drink and friendly too (add 2 Stars here) So I came here for the Batucada Carnaval Event....Brazilian Dancers showed up for about 5 minutes. In the VIP tables were the typical d-bags trying hard to look "cool" and the desperate chicks doing whatever they could to snag a drink from them. I found this amusing and that pretty much allowed for time to pass. I don't like feeling like a squished piece of spearmint gum and cigs- If there were more space to move around, or less people in your face, I would come back. Until then, I'm keeping mint for my garnish.
I will never darken this door after hearing about their doorman discriminating against my friend because she wasn't what their idea of a woman should be. Shame on you Mynt.
I had a fun time because of the company that I was with and besides we had a table that boasted magnum of Veuve Clicquot... that always helps, right? The service for our table was excellent as our dedicated waitress was on the ball and the fresh strawberries, mixers, and Fiji water were always at our disposal. The private table area was a bit cramped but I'm not complaining. My real issue was that everything from the music to the ambiance just seemed a bit "dated" and I don't mean in a nifty retro kind of way either..  the deejay was just not bringin' the heat or the hits for that matter. We left after a couple of hours but some of our group checked out a "Hip Hop" area in another part of the club apparently...
First time I came here, the bouncer didn't let me in because he said my California ID had green eyes and when he flash lighted my face, they were blue. He claimed that was not me and that I could not enter. What a douche! The second time was for NYE and I had to take my passport. Paid about $200 and came here with a big group. This place is sick! It's very small and full of tables. It's not that bad if you don't have a table, because the bar is very big and there is space to party. I have to say the bouncers inside are so nice and chill. Mynt is very trendy, colorful, and the ladies who work here are HOT! Berenice served me drinks and she was the shit! Everyone here was pretty attractive and having a good time. Since its small, you will meet a lot of people. It starts to get full at 1, 2am and you will most likely dance until 5am. Started double fisting, then triple, oh man was I bananas. I wish I remember half my night, but we were all out of it.
I've got to give this place one star -- I couldn't even get inside! I went on a Saturday night, and apparently they open at 12.  We got there about 12:30 and there were roughly 15 people in line.  No big, right?  Wrong. My friend and I waited outside for 45 minutes -- we saw group after group come up and get right in after calling over to the bouncer, but I didn't see a single person who was waiting in line ever get in.  If the line moves, and I'm just stuck outside behind it, then fine. But NOBODY (not girls, not guys, nobody) from the line ever got inside while I was there.  IMO, that sucks.
This place is re-tarded and made me feel like I was at some nightclub made up completely of the cast of  the "Jersey Shore" show. I didn't see all the hot girls people are talking about, and all the guys were incredibly greasy (not that I'm looking since I'm taken, but one notices these things...).  The music was also sub-par. I think they may have been playing house from 1991.  Even if it had been good and I had wanted to dance, I couldn't have because the setup was so ridiculous - tables in the middle and on the sides, not really anywhere to let loose.  We got right in and literally turned around and walked right back out. The only good thing was it was free, because I would have been pissed had they made me pay to get in. I'm glad that people seem to like this place and have a good time here.  It makes me happy that people have such varying tastes, otherwise it would be an incredibly boring world.
Models and bottles, baby. Joanna Krupa and Co. were flaunting their fine Eastern European cheekbones the night we partied here.  I don't think I've ever seen so many models under one roof in my life outside of Soho! The scene is dark yet many of the glamazons leave their sunglasses on (naturally). Overcrowding makes for uncomfortable quarters (have you ever had a supermodel poke you with a sharp elbow? OUCH!) unless you drop a couple of paychecks on bottle service.  Definitely THE place to be seen in South Beach.  I was ready for something much more low-key after a couple of hours here, but it's a cross-it-off-your-list for sure.
I'm not sure why, but I've gone to Mynt several times over the past month.  Every time I go, I'm disappointed.  I get in and it's always the same.  Insanely loud House music and even IF you like the music, there is nowhere to dance except on top of the booth if you are at a table. (and don't think I have a problem dancing on tables or booths, it can def be fun, but a dance floor is good now and again, esp if you are dancing WITH someone.)   Oh yeah, a few weeks ago we were inside for about 2 minutes before I got yelled at by Dennis Rodman's girlfriend. WTF!  I'm guessing she was partaking in a little extra party time... if you know what I'm talking about.  Anyway, not my place, I'd rather be next door dancing at RokBar     : )
I absolutely love Mynting! This club is a sure thing! You go through the doors and it's like an explosion of energy straight to the spine! I'm getting psyched just writing about it! This is the beautiful people meets alchohol induced freedom meets the one club you wish you could get in to if you can't. Boys, don't go alone. Get some arm candy. Girls, flaunt what your mama gave ya if you don't know the bouncers and want to get in. Get there early. It gets crowded at around 1-1:30am. Drinks are pricey and can be weak, again if you don't know the staff. Great house music all the time and they often have live performances!
We rolled in pretty early so it was very chill initially then someone flipped the crazy switch and this place got nutsssss (or we became intoxicated...eitherway)!  I mean amazing music, beautiful people, seizure inducing lights and napkins being thrown in the air literally every 15 mins lol.  You have to be there to appreciate it...think makeshift confetti but more flammable. If you want to have a great time get a table or know someone with one..You will have 52x times more fun!  Also, when you leave you may feel like you came back from war. My hearing was impaired for a few days after partying at Mynt. Sick Sick place.
WARNING! They are stealing cellphones outside of Mynt. On Friday (11/29/13) 6 phones were reported stolen. Including mine.
Aug 16th, the brothers do south beach. It's a beautiful warm night, we get escorted to a pizza parlor -- we're supposed to order a mushroom, sausage, and anchovy pie (that's the secret password to sneak into the club). Just kidding... Actually, we went in the front door and gave the door guy Oliver our cc and id for our table. So the night begins. We order our bubbles and wait as it was 11:30 and no one was at the club just yet. The crowd seemed almost 18 and over from what I could make of it. We made friends with some girls and had about 8 girls around our table at the peak... Not bad for the bros in Miami, I liked my odds. Then things got odd... After we turned down the waitress for a 3rd bottle, the waitress cleared our table and re-sold the table to another group. WTF. That's fucking lame, I've never seen that in my life. Once you have no table you realize that this place is just a pack-them-in and milk them for money place. Also, if you care about your ears DO NOT forget to get ear plugs. My ears hurt the entire day after, why must the club make it that loud? Between kicking us out of the table and packing the place in for your safety and killing my ears, I give them 2 stars.
If you ever have the urge to throw piles and piles of napkins in the air for no apparent reason other than you are drunk and it seems like a great, festive idea...well, then Mynt is the place for you.   Bonus, if you get a table, they may even give you a case of napkins.  Like 5,000 of them.  And with enough Goose, you'll blow through them all.  Not speaking from experience or anything...
This place was AWFUL.  I went with a group of a dozen girls, all dressed to kill.  Our cultural backgrounds, to name a few: Filipino, Chinese-Jamaican, African-American, European, Peruvian, Chinese, and Cuban.  Why do I mention this, you ask?  Because the (rather rude) doorman turned OUR ENTIRE group away, saying our group "WASN'T EXOTIC ENOUGH".  Not only that, an hour later, as we were leaving the bar next door, the SAME doorman called over to us saying, "You ladies wanna come in?"  Terrible first impression.  We will NOT consider going back, and we will tell our friends.
I write this review with apprehension for two reasons: 1) Based on recent reviews, it would appear as though I had a unique experience which may not be replicated unless you go with a regular. 2) I don't want to ruin the best part of the club by telling everyone about it (but that's what Yelp is all about, right?). With that aside, I can honestly say I had a very fun time at Mynt. I know they recently changed ownership/management (clublandmiami.com), but without having been before, I can't specify how things are different. The music was super fun, the crowd was gorgeous and the drinks were appropriate for South Beach. The best part though is actually the small room in the back. I was surprised how there weren't more people in the second room (after battling the crowd to get there), but can only assume it was a matter of personal preference...
I went here on a Saturday night about 1am or so. Who knows exactly what time, after dancing for the previous two hours. The pain of being in brand new heels was cutting off circulation to my brain. Basically house music, crowded,  and filled with beautiful women. I was starting to feel ugly here, which is no good for my ego. It's definitely fun, a little too crowded for my taste, there were times where you basically couldn't move. The crowdedness of the place went up and down throughout the rest of the night. As far as ambience, think of flashing bright lights, go go dancers and napkins being thrown in the air. If that's your cup of tea, then definitely go. I had fun and it was great music, but not sure if it would be a place I would frequent too often, maybe on a less popular night.
So the wait out front was a little annoying, but what can you expect? I went with a friend, her fiance & my boyfriend.  They were immediately going to let us in, but stopped when they realized we were with 2 guys as well.  Maybe 5 minutes later, they walked us in - which was nice considering they weren't letting in too many men (typical). Inside is nice.  The place is long and narrow with the bar lining the entire wall.  They could've used a little more dance room, as thy tried to pack in as many tables as possible. The music was good but it didn't floor me. I would go back if I was in Miami, but not my first choice.
Just spent my first-ever week in South Beach and found Mynt to be my favorite of all the hot spots we visited. (FYI, because the clubs vary from night to night, we were there Thursday and Friday, and never arrived before 2a.) Mynt's dance-floor-less layout is intimate but never got overcrowded. The seamless wall projections give it a lot of energy without cheezy club lighting. The music was an excellent club mix -- no ridiculous AC/DC remixes -- and there's a smaller second room at the back that's a little quieter and plays more hip hop. Drinks are ridiculously overpriced but that's true everywhere in SB. The wait outside is irritating, though the $20 per guy cover charge isn't the worst I've seen. The young crowd is ultra-hot. Oh, and there's a decent pizza and falafel place next door for sustenance when the club closes at 5a. The Argentinian girl who works the counter is cute. If you're going to drop a few hundred for a night out in Miami Beach, this is probably your best bet (at least on the nights we went).
Amazing yet extremely exclusive.  It's nonstop action.  Just a pretty cool crowd that didn't seem overly douchy and was just out for a good time.  However.... when I visited here we got a table with bottle service that cost a minimum of....... $2500.   Thats right.  It was a Sat night during WMC, so I guess it may be one of the priciest nights of the year. Considering I was on vacation, I wasn't so concerned with the bill.  (One person was picking up the majority share.) But, the night was awesome.  I will certainly go back when back in town.  As long as I'm not paying the brunt of the bill.
This place is the epitome of South Beach late night partying. Pretty people, guys spending ridiculous amounts of money on champagne, good music. You wanted trendy/upscale partying? You got it. It's good Thursdays and Saturdays. And you'll spot some celebrities every now and then. I met Derek Hough here... and saw Dennis Rodman once. If you are eco-friendly.. DO NOT go here. You'll become instantly enraged when you see people with boxes of napkins... to throw up in the air. If you don't like smoking... DO NOT go here. You can smoke here. If you don't like crowded places, DO NOT go here. It gets VERY crowded. At around 2am you can no longer walk, move or dance. Drinks are about $15. Girls get in free... that's if you're good-looking. Guys pay 30. I have to admit I enjoy this place... but if you're the no-bullshit, let's chill-out type, this is not for you. P.S. Guys, the gogo dancers are HOT and wear almost nothing. You'll love them.
If you want a place that has people who look like they went to a Jersey Shore casting call but were rejected than this is the place for you! Based on the reviews I thought this place wouldn't be as cheesy as it was.
This is a great South Beach club that has been around for a while.  I've had so many great times there.  They're almost always are loaded with the hottest chicks on the beach.  From Thursdays until Saturdays are always a safe bet to go and see what South Beach is all about.  If there's one place to bring an out of town friend to show them this is the spot.  It's very decadent and fun. The door guys are firm but fair when it comes to getting in.  Some nights they will let you right in with no wait or drama but please make sure to get there early on big nights because they get overwhelmed and will even be rude to the usuals that are there every week.  Just don't give them a hard time and you should be cool if you wait a minute.
Mynt is what Chicago's Moda Club dreams of being. It's about fashion, good music, plasma monitors showing short clips of club-glam-energy. The crowd is CHIC...VERY CHIC. The women all beautiful, but I would NOT bet a shiny nickel they were all over 21.   The energy is good, with women & girls (for those under 21) not hesitating to dance on the catwalk along the walls. Lighting is very dim, and Techno/House is blasting through a premium sound system. CAUTIONARY NOTE: If you're sensitive to excessively loud music in enclosed spaces, this might be too much for you. There is a hidden VIP room to the left of the DJ booth. We split our time evenly between the two areas. The lighting in VIP is brighter than that of the main area, and the space is much more intimate, and music not quite as loud. Possible Excitement Note: THEY BE STARS IN VIP!   Oh..and this club is "COOL"....literally. They have it well air-conditioned so you never get hot and sweaty. This is GOOD!   Cover was $20, total, for my friend Diem, my gf, and me. (I'm assuming the girls got in free and the $20 applied to me) Drink prices: I wouldn't know. Did comp'd bottle service courtesy of a promoter friend. This also means I cannot speak to bartender service PROS: All in all a good place to chill and have a good time in Miami. Great decor, music, and crowd. All very CHIC. CONS: The VIP room is a bit "snug", some of the "women"  (girls) are possibly in jail-bait territory...(Check IDs fellas..seriously..because I can assure you...the doormen HAVE NOT).  0.5 star deduction. Recommendation: Fridays and Saturdays seem to be the best nights.   Guys, expect to pay cover ranging from $10-20..try to negotiate with the bouncers...they are flexible if you are decently dressed..so as long as you're not with a whole GANG Of guys.. Ladies, if you don't mind using your charms, smile at the bouncers and you'll likely get in free.
Small. This review is for a Friday night. The room is long but not wide so walking space is limited when packed. Most people dance on the seats. The Go-Go dancers here are smokin' hot! Blondie had a painted on corsette and danced on the bar for couple songs. People here were blah. It's all techno/house music. Lots of lights and glow in the dark necklaces everywhere. Saw a couple tables for bottle service. NO COVER which was cool but DRINKS ARE EXPENSIVE AND GRATUITY INCLUDED?! Our gf ordered a round vodka cran $15; coronas $9 and shots $13-$15. She ordered 6 drinks which came out of $90! They added gratuity because she paid with her credit card. So Beware. Bartender was a bit cocky and arrogant but that's not too unusual I guess. Cool space to bar hop but too small to spend your entire night there in my opinion. Luckily there's a spot next door that plays all hip hop new and old school. So if you don't like tech/electronic/house go next door. No cover there either.
I'm not ashamed to say this and I'm gonna say it loud and proud: MYNT IS MY HAPPY PLACE! I know some people will disagree with me and I understand where they are coming from but personally, nothing puts me in a better mood than those first 5 minutes of stepping inside: the scent in the air, the infectious ENERGY, the sounds, the sights...I feel like it's a sin to be unhappy here! So leave the negative energy and your worries at the door. Just appreciate the music and the beautiful people because everything is there for you to enjoy! Side note: It's not that difficult to get in. Just dress nicely, have a positive attitude, be respectful and voila`: you're in!
My experience at Mynt is a rare one. My hub and myself were with the acts that performed at Mr. Zago's birthday party, so we had VIP the whole night. Bob Jones and staff took care of us so well. I honestly can't remember most of that night, but I do remember having the time of my life. .
I had a good time at Mynt. I saw Mya performe and I saw Randy Jackson. It was WMC week so the bouncers were really hard on people. One of them kind of shoved me when I asked him a question. I have these two celeb friends called The Blonds, they are designers in NY and if you google them you can see all of their amazing designs that all artists are wearing now such as Rihanna, Fergie, madonna, Lady Gaga, Adam Lambert. Katy Perry etc. Anyhow, they didnt care who was who at the door they were only letting ppl they knew inside. They were so rude to The Blonds which was a really bad publicity for them..  Miami attracts a lot of tourism, but most people who get throug the door are locals. Drinks were $16 way too much so I was completely sober bc I only got two drinks.. that kinda sucks but oh well. I still had a good time :)
I liked it.  Went a couple of times.  Good gender balance - not a sausage fest.  Lots of international folks and upscale patrons.  Crowded but not disgustingly packed and beautiful women inside.  Pretty sparse decor, just black and photos of Gisele all over the place.  Restrooms needed improvement.  If anything, good for people-watching, like much of South Beach.  Nobody spilled drinks on me and there were no sweaty bodies rubbing up against me and grossing me out.  I remember having fun, but not much else... I do remember that it was THE spot to be whenever I was there and people were DYING to get in (this was a while ago).  And nothing happened to piss me off, which is pretty rare. Like many "exclusive" hot spots, Mynt was all hype and little substance - it's all about the clientele and how hard it is to get in.  If you're a single guy on a Friday or Saturday night, don't count on getting in without some hot chicks with you and a $50 bribe for the bouncer. I personally wish they'd work on the decor.  It really wouldn't take much to spruce up the place...
This place was FUN! The type of house music isn't really my scene, but the dj was pretty good on a Saturday night and I enjoyed myself. We had a table and our waitress was incredibly nice and we also had this guy who took care of refilling the juices and cups and he was very attentive. They also gave out these light up sticks with Mynt's logo on it which was pretty awesome. If you go downstairs, they play hip hop music but the area is smaller and at the time it wasn't filled with people. There was a bar that was easier to get drinks from. I enjoyed my time here!
Super weird experience here. We came here after a disappointing experience at LIV, and we were at first relieved that the place was chill and primed for a good time. Then weird stuff happened like we were "invited" to a table and then informed that the table had been kicked out in favor of a new party that was arriving so we had to leave. Except they weren't being kicked out. They just wanted us to leave. Ok this happened once in Vegas at Body English and it pissed me off to no end. What happens is that a table host will try to corral a group of chicks to a table, lying that the table was theirs when in fact it was occupied by a group of lame-ass dudes who cannot hit on chicks by themselves. Then, if you are unwilling to whore yourself out to these dudes for drinks, they have their host kick you out. LISTEN, I don't appreciate being lied to by your table hosts okay? We don't need to whore ourselves out to get drinks. And I certainly don't appreciate being treated like unwanted guests at a table we DIDN'T WANT TO BE AT ANYWAY. So a big f-you to places like this. Treat your women with more respect. Tip to chicks - go to Mansion. They'll treat you right.
Pretty amazing/awesome that after so many years, this place is still going strong - decent crowd, hot go-go girls and waitresses, good special effects. My favorite feature is a separate area where they play hip-hop which rarely gets packed and opens up around 1:30am, so you can dance to house/top 40 in the main room and then switch to the other. The door is doable for such clubs compared to NYC, arrive with a girl by the opening at midnight and you shouldn't be hassled (cover is $30 for a guy). If you don't have a table, there is usually a dance space around a podium for go-go dancers. As unfortunate downside of clubs in Miami, you would have to watch out for lit cigarettes not ruining your and your date clothes.
Awful Awful Awful...we were just trying to get in and the "guy at the door" called us (ugh I hate saying this word) fagg**ts and a lot of other words. I WILL NEVER EVER COME TO THIS PLACE AND I WILL TELL EVERYONE I KNOW TO NEVER COME HERE. Seriously, it was two ladies and two guys. And he just spewed this ugliness out of his mouth. I honestly don't even know why he said this. We have A LOT of money and just wanted to find a spot to hang out. HORRIBLE!! DON'T GO HERE! So prejudice!!
God. Kill yourself if you like this place. It captures the absolute worst of the Miami night scene. The music is so loud it vibrates your clothing. The drinks are exorbitant, the people are pretty bodies overwrought with bling, boobs, or biceps. I'm certain some people will read this and think, "What is this guy's problem? That sounds AWESOME!" And I salute those people and ask them, beg them, not to breed.
Place was lame. Do they check id's at this place? I literally saw some 16 year olds at this place.
Not the best club in Miami, but I still had fun. Normally, I am not the clubbing type (I prefer bars), but a friend of mine really wanted to go clubbing on a Saturday night on Miami Beach so we decided to try Mynt. We arrived at 11:45pm, and the club didn't open till Midnight. I guess we weren't cool enough to know that it doesn't open till later. We went next door to Rokbar to have a drink as we waited for the club to open. Once Midnight hit, we went next door and were let right in. Since we were there early there weren't many people there. By 12:30am the place started to get busy. The main room upstairs plays house music, and a smaller room downstairs plays hip hop/current radio hits. My friends and I were over the obscenely loud house music, so we went downstairs to check out the hip hop room when it opened at 1:30am and stayed there the rest of the night. The room was empty compared to upstairs but we enjoyed it more since we were able to sit down and actually move around and dance. We finally left around 4am and the room upstairs was crazy busy. I guess people in Miami don't sleep because I couldn't believe how busy it was. Overall, the club was nothing special. Did I have fun? Yes, mostly due to the company I was with. Would I go again? Probably not, unless someone I know really wanted to go. The drinks are extremely overpriced and it gets busy a bit too late for me. I think I'll stick to a bar next time I want to go out on a Saturday night.
This is the worst club in south beach, hands down. The door guys are very very very snobby and the sound system is absolute garbage. It's way too loud inside this tiny night club. The sound is distorted and crackles terribly. For all the money that they profit, you would think they could at least afford a state of the art sound system. On top of all this, drinks are way too pricey but I guess I wouldn't matter if the atmosphere was cool and fun. Do not waste your time or dignity by going to this place I hope it burns to the ground.
This was the worst club in South Beach that we went to on Friday June 1...was there from California with 10 guys for a bachelor party.  So we already knew, with the amonut of guys we had there was no way we can get in the club with regular entry, so we reserved a VIP table for $2000...we get to Mynt around 11 pm and its DEAD. so we killed some time..come back around 12 am, get to the front and were denied entry for no reason! After confirming all day with the host, we get there and were told we have no tables reserved and they have no idea what host we were talkng about because nobody of that name worked there. But if we wanted a table, it would now be $3500. That spoiled our mood and we left for a better place. So even if your dressed really good and have table reservations, don't be so sure until you get in. This place is shady as heck. WILL NEVER GO THERE!
Uggghhhh!!! This has to be the LOUDEST and most obnoxious club in all of MIami Beach!!! The music was so loud I couldn't even hear myself think and my ears were aching, plus there were all these people that looked like they were in a trance dancing. Not my scene at all.
Only went twice. Second time was during WMC (Winter Music Conference) and it was sooo not worth it! $2k table minimum. Music sucked, small space, gross bathroom, everyone was like rolling. Also, the waitress was sooo not attentive to our drinks! Blah!
Have you ever partied with rappers? Thanks to Mynt, I have. And it was superb. Magnums of Belvedere, dancing on tables, beer thrown on the floor, complete and utter debauchery. It was awesome.
Wow, I LOVE MYNT!!! The lighting throughout the place is amazing, I've never seen anything like it. The music was equally amazing! I think my bf paid $20 to get in, but my sister and I were free. Don't really remember too much else, other than having a great time! It's also right next door to an amazing gyro place... so yummy.
OK, so went here on a Saturday night. They had just opened at midnight. Hard to get in unless you know someone. Wasn't impressed. I mean, music was good, but it's really just a glorified lounge. Not really a place to dance except for the small center platform where their not-so-attractive "go-go dancers" were. The crowd was older as well, most people in their late 20s I'd say. Place looked cool inside but just wasn't doing it for me.
I've been here more times than I can remember and can hardly remember the things that I've done while I've been here. With that being said, I'm going to piece together a review from what I can recall. Let's start off by saying that going to Mynt is one heck of an experience. The music, crowd, ambiance, and the overall production are something you will never forget. It's one of those places where no matter what day of the week you go (Thursday-Saturday) you are guaranteed to have a packed house and an amazing time. As you walk up to the velvet ropes you will be greeted by two of the most strict doormen on South Beach. Jose & Oliver are great once they become familiar with you, but until then you might have to be patient while trying to get in. First off, you have to dress well. If not, don't even bother. Second, you can't expect to walk in with a group of guys if you aren't prepared to spend a couple grand on a table. It's always a plus to show up with more guys than girls. Once you walk into Mynt you are greeted by a huge explosion of energy (Credit: Tracy M. I couldn't describe it any better than that). You'll see what I mean when you walk in. The lights, the ridiculously amazing sound system, and the energy of this place are like no other. It isn't very big by any stretch of the imagination BUT this just adds to the exclusivity and energy of this place. The resident DJ that is playing here 95% of the time Julian Ingrosso. He is really great and knows the crowd very well. He definitely knows how to keep the party going. The other regular DJ's that you will find here either in the main room or in the infamous back room are DJ Rascal and DJ Richie. Both are amazing and are a welcomed change of pace when they grace the decks of the main room. They also have an almost monthly guest DJ in Tatiana Fontes who is really fun to watch, and not bad to look at either. Mynt also brings in big DJ's ever so often like Tommy Lee, Robbie Rivera, Tocadisco, Dimitri Vegas, Like Mike, and many others. The emphasis here is on House music but you can also get your dose of hip hop in the aforementioned back room. The backroom is where you will find the fastest, coolest, and most amazing bartender ever. Jules is the best..period. Just spend a few hours back there and you'll see what I mean. The club is definitely geared toward the bottle service crows and attracts the wealthy (and beautiful) European crowd as well as the usual Miami socialites. You can attribute this to the savvy doormen that know how to attract the right clientele. Overall, if you love house music and are looking for a guaranteed "best night of my life" experience, look no further than Mynt. You will not be disappointed.
Land of the beautiful people and GREAT MUSIC!! If you are used to NYC clubs like I am then you will like Mynt. I got in with no problem (because I was with a guy who knew a guy). Once inside the setup is you basic square, no dancefloor but room to dance. VIP tables on the edges. It got crowded between 1:30 and 2:30 and then thinned out a bit. Dancers provide fun entertainment. But yes, if like dressing up HOT and a sophisticated yet not stuck up vibe then MYNT is the spot.
This is place is fun, cool, good looking people, get there before 1 and no trouble getting in (with a girl, or two)..drink prices are absolutely ridiculous ($16 for a Glenlivet PLUS $2 FOR THE ICE!! REALLY? THE ICE??)..Gorgeous bartenders can not mix a drink to save their lives, strictly pours and shots here...but they are gorgeous..Music IS loud, but you can hear it everywhere, which you can't do at LIV unless you spring for a table
My good friend is the DJ, so I go to see him play.  When the door isn't told specifically who I am, I can't get in (and I'm a DJ!).  I've waited over two hours to get in before, and gave up and left.  I'd say that the door here is EASILY the hardest to get past of any club in Miami.
A lot of hype for this place.  Was there this past week on a Thursday night and was not impressed.  Drinks cost much but value equation on the light side.  Would attend again but clearly not one of the best.
I don't know if I'm lucky but I had soooo much fun the three times that I went there last week (yes, three times) people are nice, music is good and there are some cute guys (ok not too many, but some). It's not a big place, so you should definitely get a table if you are in a big group!!
I've been three or four times in the last year and each time its the same...beg some douchebag to get in (we were all couples, dressed, etc) listen to the same nondescript house music (my ipod is better), crowded,  and filled with tables.  It's fun, but always crowded and it always reminds me of the Tiajuana clubs I used to go to when I was 18 in San Diego.  Lots of go go dancers .  It coule be fun but given all the other options in miami this is usually last on my list.  If you're a group of guys be prepared to pay a s4!tload to get in & get a table.
Best club in South Beach hands down! Romain and the gang are the best.. if you want to experience that hot, sexy, nightlife that people from all over the world want to experience when they come here, Mynt is it!
So me and my girls were in Miami for all all girls weekend. From all the places that we checked out that weekend, Mynt was by far the best. The line was not long and as long as u were dressed  well, u got in. No BS from the bouncers not like some other places. Music was great. Crowd was awesome. Very goodlooking group of people. The only downside was the stuck up bartender that we had. Its pretty common in Miami that woman dont like to buy their own drinks. Well there we were trying to buy our own drinks and the female bartender had a stick up her behind. Totally rude to me and my friends. She acted as though she was gods gift to mankind.  But other than that, it was a fun time!
can u say uber fun??? we went on a thursday nite, no line just got in. place was packed!! girls dancin on everything. i got to throw napkins.
Came here on  friday during WMC 2009.. Door was a nightmare, no one was getting in, a few friends of mine are locals who actually worked for the opium group and even they had a problem on this night. While outside i heard someone offer the door guy 6000 grand cash for a table, he was told "NO" flat out and they explained all the tables had been sold out and to go somewhere else. Ended up getting in here only because of a super hot female friend came and got me along with one of the waitresses. Once inside this place was Puerto RIcan Day Parade D train packed. I mean it was hard to even feel my cell phone in my pocket without having to lean into someone. Everyone here buys bottles and has there own little alcove table wish basically equates to 12 people trying to pile into and on top of a Prius. Many customers here seemed to even have there own security team, literally had some guys private body guard, who was larger than brian Urlacher standing behind me all night. The music here was great, crowd was definitely pretty, at least the girls were all fairly hot, talking 8 and up. Not sure this place is worth the hassle and definitely not worth the exorbitant bottle prices..Sorry not spending 10 grand on a table, rather give it to a kid who is poor and needs it for college. Even if your a billionaire this is dumb, cmon now. Or id take the money and have 20 escorts show up to my suite at the setai next door, definitely a better way to spend this sum of money, dont care how exclusive this place claims to be. The door guys are really nice people and please understand they have to be D bags on purpose. The waitresses here are slamming, all super hot and far friendlier than any other club around town. Place stayed open super late and overall had a blast. Definitely hit up space after this place unless you can drag a straggler out of here. Also check out the Kebab place next door, they make a mean adana kebab and have tons of the drunk chicks who leave mynt and come here for a late night meal.
Mynt, which is a part hip-hop, majority electronica place is full of wealthy euros, leggy blondes and overall young partiers. Huge pictures of Giselle fill the walls with a long bar on one side. Bar service is low as people strain to get drinks. However, all the tables and podium dancing make this place a great place to dance and get a little wild. Although I heard about a strict door policy Miami is all about looking good. Dress to impress and you're in.
Mynt might be in the running for the best club on the beach. Doorstaff are dicks, but they have to be, that's what creates the exclusivity and its je ne sais quoi quality. Get to know one, and you'll get right in. Once inside, find a table and start drinking. If you don't have that option, hit up the backroom (they usually play hip hop) but  its the best place to get your drinks, less people, less wait. Music in the main room is always "top 40 house" and usually a lot of fun;  especially when dancing on one of their many couches. Overall, Mynt is a great place. Follow the rules and you'll see how good this place really is.
Good music,  jerks for doormen...they only let their friends in!
This is right next to Tommy Lees Rok Bar.  Both places are really small and require awesome music and a really good crowd to make it work.    The night I went  must have been middle aged night- but there were some hot brazilian men and women eye candy as the night progressed.   Start here around 2 and I hope you like to smoke.  The huge photo layout of Gisele Bunchen dancing around gets five stars.
fun place...people dancing on the counters and the booths...pretty wild. next door for falafels!!!! oh man good
Eh, it's an okay club. It's a bit small.
Surprised Mynt is still around after so many years but it still is considered a hot spot. Great DJ, I suggest a table to have fun. Or else, you are constantly getting pushed around. The placed is packed over capacity in my opinion.
One of my favorite spots in South Beach.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but a really cool ambiance inside.  Never feels very packed inside.  The one negative is they let the line build up even before there is anyone is really inside.  Give the doorman a few duckets and you'll be let right in.   On a side note, what exactly are the doorman staring at when the blankly staring across the street not letting anyone in.
We went to Mynt around 1:30 a.m. on a Saturday night., there was no problem getting in, the door staff was friendly.  Inside is pretty small and the drinks pricey, but hey it's Miami so you can't expect anything less.  The music was good and the drinks were pretty strong.  We stayed for about and hour and decided to leave and check out a few other spots.
I visited Mynt twice - once during the club's heyday about 8 or 9 years ago and then again last Thursday night.  I had a blast both times but it's definitely changed over the years.  The crowd is definitely not quite as chic as they once were.  There was no line at the door and the place wasn't overly crowded although there were enough people there to make it fun.  The DJ was decent although not mind blowing. Played a fun mix of pop and house.  Overall a fun place to go but don't expect too much of a scene.
terrible...  the typical door guy in sobe who makes $8 an hour makes everybody wait unless they have funny european shoes or he goes to the gym with them.. he's so dumb he ignores my $100 to sneak inside. buddy take the $100 you need it so what its me and another guy...here's a secret we're the ones with money . once inside its small.... not big! .... very loud,... very dark ...its so dark i cant even see if the girls are hot!  . i usually get bottles, but we usually pay $400-500 for a table with a bottle. these guys want $2000. ha ! i'll just drink off your bottle. basically over rated. i know one of the owners and i still say it there are better places. but it has survived for quite awhile..so maybe its just me. it also helps support the local drug lord's.
By far the RUDEST door men in Miami... Huge ego's it was uneblievable.  I was honestly disgusted with how rude they were.  Even the wimpy idiot that checked ID's was a douche.  Mynt... you're worthless
So I waited outside with my 3 sisters and when we finally got in (after 30 mins when they werent letting a lot of hot guys and girls in that were also waiting) all I kept thinking is why I wasted so much time when that is all they offered? Not only is this place small, but the guys are really greasy and to be honest do not smell like "mynt."  B.O. would be the best description for their smell and it is exacerbated by its crowded and extremely limited dance room. I guess that's because their DJ sucks. I just kept laughing that people looked like they tried hard to have a good time instead of just having a good time. Mynt's THEME:: let ugly, greasy guys in, but keep hot and well-dressed men and women out. Hmmm... Maybe the door-men only let people that look like them.. Weird. One of the ugly door-men tried to kiss me when we were allowed in! Yuk! I hated it when I came back home smelling like Mynt Cigarretes. To say the least, I will never come back. The hot guys and girls that were waiting never got in so we left the club after about 10 mins. At least we didn't have to pay cover!
Best clubbing experience I've had in south beach. Very approachable crowd and great dj
looked like a great party from outside but literally could not get bouncer to look my way..overheard him telling a well dressed guy he wouldnt be allowed in unless he tucked his shirt in..i dont tuck my shirt in for anyone..walked away..
We had alotta fun....but with loud music and dancing we usually do.  Drinks are expensive but stiff.  And be nice and smiley to those lovely bartenders and u will be sure to not get any response from them. lol~!!!!  we had 6 rounds and was less expensive than table service. small and cramped and needs a specified dance floor.  :)  was fun to mingle especially if you love people.
was way hard to get in.  i didn't realize that clubs down here were opening closer to midnight than 10pm (like in CA) so we strolled over at 11:30pm and unbelievable as it may seem, there wwere just opening the doors. there was a group ahead of us which i don't think ever got in.  warning one!  second warning: we were told to ask for the main doorman and as it turned out EVERYONE was asking for him.  apparently a celebrity down there, knowing his name didn't get you anywhere and seemed to just annoy him. however, we tagged along with some locals that knew the owner and were able to stroll right in.  if you can find a way in, it was the best eye candy i saw on the strip.  smallish place that could afford to be very selective about letting in only a handful of folks.  we made some friends inside and outside but all in all, it's just a club/lounge so we wanted to see some other places.  we moved on.  i liked the place and would plan to go back.  i like the smaller venues.  although it was sorta hard to get in.
