I've been patronizing this specific locale for many, many moons. It holds a prominent chunk of the Grove landscape, commanding the second floor and affording a great overlook observatory of 5 points. I can offer from many firsthand experiences that their frozen drink offering is both refreshing and potent. 190 Octane is an orange, tasty, frozen and dangerous concoction that will sneak up on you if you don't pay attention. The only downside about the joint is that it is all open-air and thus no A/C. Plan accordingly.
I only give this place one star because the overall rating is too high. It deserves a 2 star, maybe, only for the frozen drinks. It's definitely a nice place to chill unless its muggy or super hot outside. Good thing Miami barely ever gets that kind of weather (sarcasm). I guess the service depends on what time you go and who you get but the guy that helped us on a Wednesday night was a d**k. Very rude and spoke to us impatiently. I don't return to places where I don't get good customer service. No matter how good the products.
I came to this location to meet some friends. I stood at the bar, directly behind the guy that was being served, and was completely ignored. They served people to just walked up to the bar and grabbed their attention. When I mentioned it to the bar tender he said he saw me but I wasn't at the bar. Please tell me what I was doing then smh. I ordered the cat 5, and to make it up to me he gave me a free cotton candy shot. I wanted to keep my tab open, abs when he brought me the receipt I told him that. He said I sound have told him when I ordered. Most places ask that question when they see you paying with a credit card. My drink was weak and didn't taste in comparison to "the New Orleans hurricane" they said it was just like. I was disappointed. And it cost $8 which is a lot consisting is an iced down drink that melted within 30 mins. I may be back, but mostly because my friends from back home love this place so much.  They do have music but you can't really enjoy it. There is not a lot of seating, so grab a chair and table when you can.
To me, Fat Tuesday's means just one thing... frozen drinks.  It's pretty simple!  This Coconut Grove location is a staple, and usually on a Friday or Saturday, there's a DJ that plays pretty good music (though it can be a bit too much Top 40 for my taste.)  Another good part about this location is that they are strict with ID's, so there aren't a whole bunch of kids in your way to the frozen concoctions you so deserve and desire.  I suggest the 190 Octane, and always say yes to the extra floater.
Another OMFG experience at Fat Tuesday. Old school 90's hip hop enticed us, so we walked in. Small (like living room small), a DJ, and a roomful of people. That's it?! Oh, come on. The bar was nowhere to be found and we were too annoyed to explore. Walked in, 10 minutes later, walked out. The men were aggressive for the most part, so be careful, ladies. They won't leave you alone after saying NO. You need to check yoself before you wreck yoself.
Fat Tuesdays, a coconut grove staple, has always been a fav of mine ever since I turned the magical age of 21. Back in my hey day, I used to frequent here every Thursday for college nights and down 2 to 3 of these frozen bad boys. Sometimes I'd add a floater of rum or order a jello shot for fun. Always a great start to the night. Fast forward 10 years and I still find myself dropping in from time to time for one of their frozen fruity concoctions. My favs are a mix of rum runner and eye candy aka superman or simple category 5. I find 190 octane to be uber strong but my bf loves it. Definitely a drink not for the weak. I used to love the raging bull but its been discontinued. I usually find myself coming now on hot summer afternoons, arts festival weekends, or anytime we want to relive our good old college days. I recently had a great date night here with my bf the other day. The dj was pretty good. All in all, if youre in the grove make a pit stop. Fun fun!
There was a time when I was a regular here. In the mid-late '90s, I'd come here with this girl I used to know almost every Friday. We'd get loaded on alcoholic slushies and then see a late movie at the Cocowalk movie theater. And I mean loaded....I'd have two of the absurdly strong frozen drinks, sometimes even three. How the hell I ever drank three of these in a night is beyond my current comprehension. The Hurricane and Rum Runner were, and are, my favorite Fat Tuesday flavors. Let's face it, they all taste completely fake, but I like the veritable cornucopia of fake tropical fruit flavors in these two - they manage some fruity complexity beyond mere sugar. All of these drinks hide the alcohol very well, except one, the 190 Octane. I have a hard time recommending this one, as it's too obviously alcoholic. It has kind of a nasty fusel alcohol-orange-peach thing going on, a bit too much like frozen gasoline and fake cloyingly-sweet OJ. Which, of course, is precisely what the 190 Octane is, as it is made with plain old ethanol. Contrary to what I did in my younger days, the best time to come here is during the afternoon, on a hot day. I would no longer make a special trip to come here, but if you find yourself in the Grove on a hot day, one of these very cold drinks will hit the spot.
Popped in here, appropriately on a Tuesday, to celebrate a friend ending and old job & starting a new one. Glad we made this our first stop on the hit parade. It was completely dead & happy hour. Cheap adult slushies without annoying drunk people = awesome! Our bartender lady was the best, super sweet & attentive. I would drop in here drop in here for happy hour during the week with friends anytime I'm down in the area.
2 for 1 Mojitos ...what? I have to say more? Ok - fine, I'll tell you more - after getting to the Grove in just enough time to be told that my free 10pm Comedy Improv tickets were just given away... I asked myself, "what do you do with friends from out of town who want to be impressed by Miami's famous Grove-welcoming attitude of "I don't care?"  Since it was very late in the evening and only one of us had  to go to work in the morning - the clear answer is ...wait for it ...drink.   So we decided to stay in the Grove but find a place where it was quiet enough for us to catch up.  Did I say quiet...uh...it would have been without us -- yeah...three New Yorkers catching up and talking about nothing of importance but everything of hilarity....we were our own comedy show.  Never once did anyone come by to tell us to settle down. Our bartender was quick to respond to us and did I mention 2 for 1 mojitos? Our reunion fell on a Wednesday so there were plenty of parking on the street - and the meters run only to 11:59.  One warning - if you are partaking of the 2 for 1 libations, make sure you give yourself enough time to sober up or have a designated driver - there are cops at every corner.
What's not to like? Delicious frozen drinks, and soooo close to home (for me, anyway :). We stopped in here for some celebratory cocktails, and had a lovely time. While I'm more of a Wet Willie's girl generally, Fat Tuesdays is a close runner up in terms of frozen deliciousness. I recommend high octane mixed with pina colada - or the cherry one mixed with pina colada. :) Our server was SO freakin' nice, seriously. And we caught happy hour, so bonus! I'll for sure be back anytime I'm craving frozen delights and can't make it to the beach.
Ah...Fat Tuesday...memories of the Grove. This was how we started our PJ Pub Crawl on Saturday. It was a good start though, but the place is merely ok. Being an open air bar, you can expect it to be hot! It can also get crowded especially in the walkway that runs through it. The bartenders are cool and so are the bouncers. The music was ok. We had Newcastle, but this seemed to be way more watered down than at any of the other bars we went to. Don't know why. It was served in a cup but we had others that were served in cups and were much better than this one. I mean it was so bad I had to get lime and squeeze it in to be able to drink it. All in all, had a good time. But this place is easily forgettable.
Great frozen drinks, reasonably quick and friendly service. I hate that smoking is permitted here, but it's an outdoor bar so I can't complain too much. It's usually not too packed on weeknights so it's reasonable to be able to move tables to avoid the smoke. A great place to hang out with a few friends and get some slushy booze on a hot day!
So it reminds you of your college days, but just like those times you can still have fun here. You've got 190 octane and the like (blended drinks). Touch Tunes for you to manage your own hits. A full bar of regular liquor and beer, in case the fruity blender drinks don't work for you. Plenty of seats and open air. Bring some friends for an afternoon and make it your own. Make some friends at the bar. Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again because this is a tourist hangout now unless you come here during Taste of the Grove, the Arts Fest, or Mardi Gras. Fat Tuesdays is a great way to waste your Saturday!
It's one of the places to go if you're in the Grove. Especially on a hot summery day when you insist on being outside. Careful on those frozen drinks, they'll creep up on you. There's always people around, if not there's definitely some people watching to do.
The genius behind the mist coming out of those fans needs to be executed. When the outside temperature is roughly that of a turkey baster and the humidity is set at 115%, adding more water into the atmosphere IS. NOT. going. to. help. Some out of town acquaintances demanded we meet them here, so we trekked over from Green Street, got our hands unceremoniously stamped and stood outside for no more than 15 minutes before our makeup, epidermis and subdermis all melted straight off of our bodies. It's worth mentioning that the music is far to loud to do any significant meeting-and-greeting. So, should you not know anyone in the party you are meeting, you can not comfortably engage in conversation with them, so you just end up standing there, in a pool of your own sweat, counting the seconds until you can get back to the less-than-over-saturated-air outside. Pro tip: Watch where you put your hands, the mixture of sweat & stamp means you'll end up with black marks all over your forehead.
You can't beat $1 151 floaters!! My group and I decided to walk the long lost path of Cocowalk. Our drinking hole for the night If your not in the mood for a frozen drink the $10 Malibu bucket. It's not to big so don get your hopes up, but it is a nice mix of all the different Malibu flavors and  guaranteed to give you a nice buzz
I do not understand the past reviews on this place, but I found it excellent. I'll even recap the activities. 1st 190 Octane w/ extra shot: Me, "Wooo, These things are strong. The ice just ends up melting right when you get it. They are good though." My buddy, "Just a dollar for an extra shot is nuts." Me, "I think we are going to stay here for a bit." 2nd 190 Octane w/ extra shot: Me, "Man we are going to get drunk if we don't watch out. They are so good though!" My buddy, "We should switch the beer so we can see some more stuff tonight." Me, "I totally agree." 3rd 190 Octane w/ extra shot: My buddy, "I think they skipped the extra shot on this one!" Me, "No. I poured it in there. We are just getting used to it." 4th 190 Octane w/ extra shot: Me, "What is the number for a cab to go home!?" My buddy, "We'll have one more round and then head out." Me, "Deal!" 5th 190 Octane w/ extra shot: My buddy, "Hey man, we need to leave!" Me, "Zzzzzz." So with that story said, this place is great to drink. Just be prepared for the worst case scenario of you passing outside while that crazy magician guy is performing in front of you. It's inexpensive for South Beach and a great place to sit outside and enjoy the beach activities.
Fat Tuesdays always does you good for a refreshing frozen drink. Although they also provide regular alcoholic drinks including beer. This one specifically is located in cocowalk on the 2nd floor outside of the Duffys. Tvs to see games going on and still be part of the night life they have going on during the weekdays and weeknights.
Fat Tuesdays certainly brings back memories of high school and college days! I was here last night to celebrate a birthday / Miami homecoming / mini High School reunion of an old buddy. Fat Tuesdays is as close to a drinking institution as you can get especially for the above occassion. A hip-hop Cheers, if you will. Yeah I saw them prepare my mojito with the canned mojito mix and little mint leaves but if you expected otherwise you're at the wrong place. My friends all seemed to enjoy their 190 Octanes and test tube shooters (more fun than the test tubes at Dr. Wong's Chemistry class ;) While at this drinking institution, we were delighted with a high volume classical concerto of Vanilla Ice's "Ice Ice Baby" and other compositions that brought back pleasant memories of years gone by. Throw in loud conversation, dancing and friendly chat with the fairer gender at the nearby tables and it makes a great night!
Hand me a take home sports bottle bartender, I'll be coming back here. Fat Tuesday is straight and to the point. Drink our frozen drinks and drink some more. Though I wish they would work a little harder to make it feel more New Orleans, perhaps a voodoo lady in the corner or a large thin man with a stick performing random black magic behind the bar, you can't go wrong if your aim is to not be sober. Would I hang out at Fat Tuesday...probably not. Would I start off a night at the grove there...most definitely.
I love this place. It's so happening and at the same time very down to earth. Have been enjoying it  15 yrs.....
Fat Tuesday and the Grove, for that matter, used to be the place to be 12 yrs ago, especially on Thursday.  Any bar you went to, you always ran into a friend from high school or college.  Well seems that place has long gone disappeared.  I went the other day with some friends to Fat Tuesday to have some drinks.  Either I'm getting old or this place just SUCKS!!!! This place is definitely not a place to hang out with friends and enjoy the night.  After my first drink, I was ready to LEAVE!!! If you are in the mood for a frozen drink and you don't plan on hanging out here, then this would be the place to go. People that were there were rude and just plain WEIRD. They usually have a DJ at night, so if you're in the mood to dance with "thug nation" I guess you can hang out here.   This place got another star because the drinks can STILL put you in your "happy" place.  But apparently the economy has hit Fat Tuesday because they don't have their signature plastic cups anymore.. You know the ones that you used to take home to remind yourself in the morning exactly HOW many drinks you actually drank.  Well no more!!!! Only regular plastic cups... ehhhh not worth the time really!!! My suggestion... Keep driving a bit and hit the bars in the Gables or Brickell.. Skip this place ALL together :)
If you're one of those people who starts the weekend parties on a Thursday, then this is where you have to go. What can beat $2 tall Budlight cans? $2 Heiniken cans if you wanna get fancy.  And DOLLAR jello shots that are actually pretty strong. Its located on the second floor and its a huge balcony where you can wave your drinks in the air and make everyone below you wish they were as cool as you. The only EH thing is they have this punching machine that measures how hard you punch. Most of the time its broken because some douche punched it too hard, but when it's working you have all these big macho guys ( and sometimes girls)  standing around trying to get in on the doucheyness.
Still Partying! In 1993 I went to Coconut Grove and saw local people partying and drinking and jiving and all having a fun time.  When I went back there recently I was disgusted to see what a touristy hole it had become with a Hooters and a Chilis and a Cheesecake Factory.  The local flavor has been squeezed out of the area. But there is one place that still has some of that local Miami fun.  Fat Tuesday is on the second level in the middle of the CocoWalk.  You can sit there and have a drink with friends and watch people.  The place serves colored ice in various flavors from mango to pina colada to strawberry. When we went there in the middle of the afternoon we saw and heard a group of about ten local people just having a fun time.  They were young students or co-workers just enjoying themselves.  It reminded me of the old Coconut Grove.
This place can be very sketchy. I used to work in the Grove and the crowds that linger around Fat Tuesday are not the best. It tends to attract some pretty sketchy people. It also gets insanely busy and packed on weekends. Get there early or you can forget getting a table. It has some cool stuff, like dollar jello shots and decent drink prices, its also cool that its all outdoors so you can enjoy the outdoor Coconut Grove experience while having drinks with friends. Its just not for me. Crowds are way too sketchy.
This place is fun! They have a large selection of frozen drinks in big mixers behind the bar. I didn't have one (too much sugar for me) but I did have beer which was on special. It was POURING out the entire time we were there and since the whole bar is open, it was nice to sit outside and watch the rain. I bet this place gets poppin' at night! I definitely want to go back for the night life!
Ive never been to a Fat Tuesday before until I came to Florida and was given a virtual tour of where I should go. My ex Girlfriend once suggested I go here and I thought Id give it a whirl. Their drinks are potent. Let me stress that point. They are not just strong but deceptively so. I loved the amaretto flavored drink. For those who havent gone to a fat tuesdays imagine being a kid with a wide selection of slushies, more than you can imagine. Now imagine fast forwarding to being an adult with having better tasting slushies with alcohol, music, and a couple of pool tables. The bar gets crowded and you do have to edge up in their to get their attention. I found that you need to step up and speak up if you want to be noticed. Its a neat place and worthy of stopping in if you are going to hop along the strip.
It's the place you pre game at before going to the next bar! For $1 Jell-O shots it's worth it! It's definitely not your stay out all night spot.
Wow, no one seems to like this place! Well I have to say it is a pretty raunchy establishment. I actually used to work at the Cocowalk bar but don't worry I wasn't an obnoxious bouncer. I was a cocktail server/bartender and honestly the drinks are pretty strong. An extra shot in your Cat 5 only cost like $1 so the $8 for a drink isn't bad. If you go to a daiquiri bar to order wine or a sour apple martini you deserve to have a crappy drink. Stick to shots or one liquor drinks because we were always busy when I was there, and no one wants to wonder what a Surfer on Acid is when they have like 50 people wanting drinks all crowding the bar. They don't serve food so go to Hooters, get some wings and then bring them back. But guys, stop hating on Fat Tuesdays...it is what it is. A bar, an outdoor bar, a nasty hot and sweaty bar. Embrace it, accept it and learn to love it.
Nothing special and to make things worse, the bartender continued to turn up the most obnoxious rap music to drown out the live music below us (which was much better). One drink and I was outta there...c ya!!!
Here you'll pay too much for your watered down drinks but get a bit of a view.  An open air bar on the second floor overlooking the Coco Walk area in Coconut Grove, this Fat Tuesdays is Great... for a "Stick it to the tourist" bar.  And people wonder why tourism is down in this area.
I come here to get white girl wasted....and it works. Thursdays are the best, $2 dollar beers and either $1 or $2 tube shots. Visit this place right MEOW!!!
Came here with a group of people which made it fun. kinda. Good music (although i do not give credit to the DJ. when i heard these 5-6 songs in a row, i realized i have that cd!) gross crowd. some juicehead playing knockout kept trying to pick fights with one of the guys in our group. it was pathetic. we got a kick out of it. this place is not my thing.
Nothing to write home about, once you've been to one you've been to all. I liked it and would come back though. I Definitely prefer this over Wet Wellies. You get more for less. I don't pick a specific kind, I mix a few. My friend mixed every last one. I liked the Amaretto & Pinapple, with Cat 5, Mango, Eye Candy, and 190 Octane plus the extra shot. $16 in the big souvenir cup, $11 for a refill- and yes I did. yum! Thursday nights seemed to be the best night to go- I heard loud music & saw a lot of people up there. No complaints!
I'm coming here again! The place gets pretty packed! The employees are nice. The bar is ALWAYS packed when you're there. The best thing to do is to come in a group because you can take turns ordering drinks. The music is really good! They played a mix variety of music styles! I love that. Not a lot of places will do that. The only thing I wouldn't recommend about the place is the dollar jello shots and tequila shots. They aren't that good! The jello shot was more watery than firm. When taking the shot with friends it was liquidity and in the middle I almost throw up because it hard a piece of firm in it! It has to be either watery or firm--nothing in the middle! The tequila shots--are cheap but they're a dollar. So stick to the frozen drinks because they taste really good--especially the Eye Candy. I had that several times there.
Fat tuesdays in the grove on halloween! It was stupid pack they charged 20 at the door but only charged me 5. I went in after getting thru the crowd I order myself and eye candy the new tasty flavor and got my man a long beach. I was happy because whenever we ask for a long beach they dont know how ti make it but he knew right away. It was a good price fire everything and I got a halloween water bottle. They were jammin all the good freestyle and house hits. We had a good time that night.
Fun spot to have a couple of drinks. Most of the drinks behind the bar are frozen, i dont know how thats going to be good when it gets cold out but 190 octane is my favorite one. They have good deals for those who want to go out on Thursadays and the jello shots are $1 and pretty strong :)
What could ever be bad about an outdoor, yet well-shaded, Fat Tuesdays in a bustling outdoor upscale shopping center?  The glitziness of Coco Walk is pretty, but the blinding over-development keeps me away a lot. But I love the fact that you can kick back at this Fat Tuesdays and have a choice of 1,000,000 daiquiris.  Okay, they many not have a million, they have a lot.  It's Fat Tuesdays, so they are a pretty standardized chain.  What more can I say?  It's just nice to kick back with a daiquiri in the middle of your shopping or get a nightcap after dining in one of the nearby restaurants.
While I dislike the grove from time to time, this place always hits my girly drink side. Did I mention the take home mugs are the best inventions ever!
why in gods name they are so strict in this place when it comes to i.d.s (for nonghetto people) im still not sure because in real life they seam to promote to only the top gade "a" kind of scum of this city....and even if they are 14 their i.d.s always seam to be good enough but regular peoples i.ds never seam to work dispite how old they are....... ....so besides the fact u might wana walk around this place with mase or a tazer, i must say dollar jello shots and depending on the night 2/3 dollar beers is very tempting for those of us that have a weak spot for alcohol.....my favorite though is a mudslide with two shots of kahlua is heavenly my favorite time to go to this place is rite when they open on a friday early afternoon....u get to talk to the cool bartenders and not have to deal with the "home skillets" with grills trying to "hollar" if there were two ratings id give this a four for when they just open and a one for when its full......
This Fat Tuesday is very different from the one on south beach. They vibe here is more layed back and the crowd is locals and mainly college students from university of miami. But it's cool to me because it's open and located right on grand avenue in Coco Walk.
This is nice casual place to come & meet friends. If you like fruity frozen drinks then stop by. They have a great view of CocoWalk so you can people watch.
Fat Tuesday has yummy frozen drinks that are great on hot summer nights. The crowd can be a little suspect and the bouncers/security guys (whatever they are) are VERY pushy when it comes to keeping the walkway clear- which is why I'm only giving this place 3 stars.
Hot Miami Day + a long week + 190 Octane = pure bliss! A favorite chill spot of mine, Fat Tuesdays is the perfect place to just sit and relax after a long day or to start your night! Their frozen concoctions are available in so many flavors, its hard to pick just one. My favorite is the 190 Octane. With a hint of orange and other fruits, this daiquiri tastes so good, you forget it has alcohol in it! If you are in a more party mood, you can't go wrong with their $1 jello shots. It's the perfect pick-me-up to start a college grove night.
Last October after my underage'd female friend managed to buy me a drink (no fake ID) her and a bouncer started arguing about her scooting a trash can away. I pulled my friend away and told the bouncer I'll leave now and he assaulted me, busting my nose. They serve liquor to minors and their bouncers are ridiculous.
This place is alright to drink at, just kind of an open circle/balcony right in the middle of Coco Walk. Thursdays are the best days to go, they have $2 Bud Light tall boy cans and $2 Heineken cans and have a "DJ" there, only problem is now Crazy Pianos moved next door so you end up hearing both places music making a hot mess of amateur MAC Dj music.
Great drinks, alright atmosphere if you don't mind the smokers...
Other than having an awesome location in the Grove, especially for UM students that can drink without having to drive, someone please explain to me... HOW IS THIS PLACE STILL GOING??!!!
$2 heinekens on Thursday? ALL NIGHT? Fuck yes!
Good old Fat Tuesday in Coconut Grove.  There's not much to say about this place.  It's an open air bar located at the ever-so-popular CocoWalk Mall in the heart of Coconut Grove.  They do not serve food, but offer a full bar.  Let's not forget the entire wall of flavorful and colorful booze slushies that can be served in a Big Gulp souvenir cup with a built in straw that you can refill again and again.  Don't forget the floater for an additional buck.  Please trust me and make sure you order a top shelf floater.  Those cheap well floaters will provide a nice headache in the morning.  Fat Tuesday is a great spot to stop in for a people watching session from the upper deck overlooking the mall and the busy street below or to watch the game on one of the many flat screen TVs. It's just another area tourist trap that is a must do if you are visiting the area or just a local resident stumbling around from happy hour to happy hour on a Friday night.
As you can see from the other reviews, most of which are 2 stars, Fat Tuesday is nothing to write home about. However, it's not terrible, either IMO. This is one of those places where you just gotta take it for what it is. It's an open air bar on the second floor of CocoWalk. There is a wide walkway running through the middle of this bar that must be kept open for people shopping or dining at CocoWalk to get from one side of the mall to the other. They've got a full bar, several machines with pre-mixed slushy drinks like pina coladas, frozen margaritas and daiquiris in them and a few plasma screens to show sporting events or videos. You can sit at the bar or sit or stand at one of the high tables that are scattered around. They don't serve food and there's really nothin' sexy or terribly memorable about the place. Good for a pre-dinner or pre-movie drink if you're meeting a group of friends at this mall, or an OK spot to grab a drink after dinner. It does get crowded late on Friday and Saturday nights and if they have a DJ, it can get really loud as well.  If you come on the weekend or during peak times, expect to pay usual Miami bar prices for drinks.  However, on Thurday nights they have beer specials with $1 Buds/ $2 for most other beers.
great happy hour prices and drinks..
