My friends and I had a great time in this place. The venue is amazing and the shows are simply awesome. You have to come here with a open mind. Very good looking crowd and awesome music, my friends and I danced all night long.
No cover, no judgement, cheap drinks, great music, gorg venue about sums it up! While waiting outside to get one of the owners came out personally welcoming everyone. She was incredible! She gave an inspirational speech on not give up on your dreams & don't let anything get in your way...I was like is this really happening...am I waiting in line to see Oprah or am I waiting to get into a club with nakedness & debauchery?! Great music in all rooms. If you don't like tasteful nudity this isn't your place! This house is full of spankings ;)
I've lived in Miami for many years and only less than a handful of clubs have been worth going to.   This place has a concept, it's clean and they will punish you if you don't behave. So break the rules and have fun! Bartenders are nice and fast.  The second room is my favorite.  I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the human lamps. I want one for MY house! The staff treats everyone with respect.  Just as they would in their House After many years of not bothering with clubs in Miami, I know I'll be going back again and again...
This place is amazing. I don't like the electronic music much, but there are three rooms with the other two playing hip hop and I suppose an urban loungey hipster beat for the outside lounge room.
WOW!!!!!.....Fabulous venue, Fantastic and FRIENDLY staff. I've been to clubs from coast to coast and THIS place gets it RIGHT! Good music, amazing decor, NO attitude......
Amazing Nightclub! From the moment you meet the bouncer at the door in the white mask, you know you are in for a special clubbing experience. I went with a group of 10 girls for a Bachelorette  Party and we had the VIP with best and sexiest staff taking care of us. The music and the dancing were top notch. So much fun that I managed to leave my bag behind and House mailed it to me the same week! I was so relieved and know that this is something that is hard to come by in the business. I am truly grateful for their kindness and Hospitality. I can't wait to go back again next time I am in Miami!
The naked lamp women , naked bartender guy and almost naked thong wearing lady bartender were hot! And not as in excruciating heat, sweating thru your make up and frizzy hair hot. No, that kind of torturous heat was delivered as you entered the door. It was like seating in a hot tub, that was in a sauna , surrounded by 200 people. No drinks insight, no a/c, no where to go. Only outside that is, where you would have to make the line again. Trust me, I was tempted. Then , the light at the end of the tunnel emerged! Actually, more like blue laser beams aimed to blind you. After dodging them and the over crowded dance floor, alas, the show was beginning. I did enjoy this part! Two sexy semi naked ladies with a shade lamp on their heads moving swiftly to the beat of a song that ran the entire night all while been feather dusted by maids. Seriously, it was fun. Not as fun as watching the bouncers point a flash light at the dummies that tried taking pictures. But still fun. After the three blasts of fog smoke and the water continuously dripping from what I think was the ceiling, I was happily walking straight to the exit sign. Yay, almost free to the fresh air of Miami! Oh wait, no. That's not it. It says exit but it's really not . It was the smokers outside area. Sigh.   I eventually made it out. Passing the poor souls that were enduring the same heat I did 2 hrs before. But hey, over all , it was an experience. What's life without them.   Go to House. Experience it for yourself. And hopefully, just hopefully, it won't be as awful as last night.
I hate clubbing 97% of the time.. especially clubbing in Miami. I usually don't really see the draw of getting treated like shit by bouncers and bartenders and paying through the nose to get in and to get drinks. However, I was kinda drawn to this place for all its hype and quirks, and because my friend suggested it sounds like one of the clubs Stefon from SNL would describe on Weekend Update. I tried to sign up for a key online but was unsuccessful so we went anyway, figuring we might just have to wait a little longer. But since we were a group of girls, we walked right up to the door and they handed us keys and ushered us inside immediately. Clearly, the outfit I bought for the purpose of going there paid off. The inside is pretty nice. The main room is spacious and has a large bar area. Despite the fact that it was pretty full and that there were only two bartenders, we never waited too long for drinks, which were also reasonably priced. The main room, where they play house music, was pretty exciting. A lot of dancers walking around, bubbles, and fog to keep you entertained. There's also an outside playing similar music with lounge chairs and another bar. We spent most of the time in the front room where they play your run of the mill selection of hip hop and dance. The DJ was pretty fantastic so we were dancing our assess off until 4 in the morning. There are small VIP tables against the wall, where we sat freely when they were empty. That was nice because there's nothing that kills my buzz more than to be kicked out of an empty seat because it's "reserved" for no one. The bathrooms are really nice. Their bathroom attendants are also surprisingly welcoming and nice, and don't put all that awkward pressure on you to tip. They wear bathrobes and a smile. And as advertised, throughout the night, you will run into one of several house babies and get spanked by the house grandmother, who walks around owning that damn house all night long. You may even get a little whipped cream from one of the residents. All in all, we had a fantastic time. It has all the makings of a fabulous South Beach club without all the pretentious attitudes all around.
Wow. So this nightclub is built on a whole new level in Miami. I received my key before hopping into line, which was accompanied by two guys wearing giant baby heads. One baby was just in his diaper and the other had a huge dick dildo looking thing hanging underneath a little cloth haha. I've never been so entertained and excited while waiting in line to get into a club! Heads up, they don't open the main room until 1am. When I finally got into the first room around 12:30, I was appalled by the beautiful spherical mirrors that covered the walls! I was also astounded by a tall guy in a robotic mask who greeted people as you entered. I assume this is a robotic or metallic themed room cause the bartenders were also dressed in a cool futuristic metal costume. The bar table also has liquid inside it that moves when you push it. This is also the hip hop room. You're allowed to use your phone in this room, but there also a photo booth on the wall where you can take photos! Super fun. It allows you to send the photo to your email and post it on fb/twitter. I didn't post it anywhere cause there's people waiting to take photos too, so I just sent it to my email. Unfortunately.. Neither my boyfriend or I ever received the photo :( so that sucks... When I entered the main room, I was greeted by a maid who spanked me. Hehe. there's already a whole show set up and ready to rock! Literally. Performers are frozen in place, waiting for their cue to start moving. There's a girl standing on the bar who performs with fire. A contortionist on the piano while their super rad, long haired DJ played the piano, killed the drum set, and  lastly spun house music on stage throughout the night! There's maids and babies dancing around the crowd and spanking you. There's a few other bare aesthetics around and with that said, NO PICTURES ARE ALLOWED IN THE MAIN ROOM! And the bartenders... Haha well you'll just have to come inside yourself to check our their bartenders in the main room ;) The outside area is filled with couches you may sit on and a DJ who plays deep house. You're allowed to use your phone here. The contortionist from inside came out and danced around us, that was cute hehe.  There's only one restroom in the house and it's unisex. Impressively, all the stalls were SUPER clean and tidy. Honestly, if you're going into House, you have to be an open person who doesn't mind getting spanked, sharing a restroom with the opposite sex, and doesn't mind your significant other gazing at nudity. I love House and will be coming again soon with more girlfriends. There's a great mixture of music for each room so there's something for everyone, they've got an upstairs VIP area where performers come up to as well, the ambience is fantastic and intimate. EVERYONE is so friendly! The performers and the crowd. Not your typical Miami club where there's snobby girls and guys who stare you down. Oh, dress code is strictly enforced. Wear nice shoes. Haha. I thoroughly I enjoyed House and highly recommend everyone to check out House if they can and have a ball with us ;)
Awesome experience! I wouldn't call this a club because it is so much more than that. It starts off in this beautiful room full of bubbles and a photo booth in front for the ladies to take selfies. There's grown men wearing baby masks with huge dildos walking around which makes it very entertaining. Around 1:30 am we moved to the second room which is amazing. This is the entertainment part of the venue where there's a woman wailing around balls of fire, two ladies dressed as lamps while nude. And a main DJ playing on top of an eyeball. There's absolutely no photography allowed in this room! The third room is an outdoor lounge where the music plays softer so you can mingle and talk with others while sitting down. The entire place is full of hip and abstract artwork. So much money went into this place! I truly feel anyone who is visiting Miami or lives here has to experience it at least once! Amazing experience with strong drinks and not overpriced at all. My grey goose was about $12. Very very reasonable for a place like this! You'll be impressed by every aspect of this venue! Trust me and go! Go while you can because it is exclusive to those who have a key. You have to apply online and hopefully you're dressed to impress otherwise you're not getting in!!!
One of the coolest experiences I've ever had at a club. It was so free and open minded, just as advertised. From spankings, to bartenders in wigs, guys in bathrobes, topless bars, bottomless bars, a choreographed dance performance, nude models behind crystal drapes, a grandma, a baby mask, and three rooms spinning hip hop, progressive electro, and deep house, I was thoroughly entertained from beginning to end. Saturday night was gay night. No cover. Open until 5am. This place was like a fantasy.
From the queue to the toilets, this place is certainly an experience by Miami standards. It has the air of a S&M/Industrial club, but with very ordinary patrons. The decor is very chic and features cool photography you would find in boutique hotels and condos throughout the city. Unfortunately, it has a few drawbacks though; 1. Dance floor is awkwardly laid out. 2. Music doesn't align with the branding of the space. In the entrance, they were playing shitty 90's hip hop to the delight of many of the patrons. 3. The people really kill the vibe. There was chongas and wankers who looked like used car salesman with the generic suits they were wearing throughout the venue. Overall, great concept and venue, but the crowd is a far cry from the eccentricity the space offers.
This place is probably the best club in Miami. While we waited in line we were greeted by a beautiful, naughty drag queen who asked my friend and I if we make sex tapes together. The wait was short, we got our keys and were let in through the doors by a man in a robot LED mask. The walls of the main room had silver spheres all over them and the bar tenders were super hot - sexy guy in tiny black underwear with a silver robot arm decoration and a sexy tall woman with hair as big as Ru Paul's. The bar has some kind of liquid in it so when you touch it it moves around. The dance area is large, the music is great, there are people dancing on stage wearing realistic baby masks and flinging their dicks around. The patio outside is where you go to smoke, there was the "House Grandma" walking around and spanking everyone. Overall  this place is amazing and on an alien level, so go if you can, I can't wait to go back.
Had such a great time on Saturday night. The owner really cares about her guests and is present to greet everyone at the door. She walked past me and when I made eye contact with her, she came over and nicely touched me on the shoulder....literally felt like I was being touched by Oprah...she is a hot fierce woman.
I remember when I was little seeing my dad have a card to Mutiny and hearing stories about the famous club cards. I also remember hearing about Studio 54. The closest I got to that was watching it on TV. So when back in 2011 I heard a club called House opening in Wynwood I started checking out their webpage and trying to figure out wherw someone would set up a futuristic house in the middle of Wynwood. As it were, an abandoned house I photographed which I thought was the space, was exhibited in an iPhoneography exhibit.  Anyway,  I kept following ut and recently hearing that it was indeed opening. I reapplied for it, waited, anxiously even, and finally earned it. I went this weekend. The TL/DR version of this review is "Wow just wow!" The time it took to do this club, to wait for said keys is worth it. If you're a house music fan, and you love art, technology, strong drinks and ummm creative performances you will love House.  I did. Welcome Home to Wynwood, House!
Amazing.  Incredible.  Outstanding in every way.  Our bartender Gisele was beyond wonderful.  All of the staff was incredibly friendly.  I don't want to give too much away but the DJ in the first room was on point and brought so much energy.  His DJ booth was a 3 foot long touch screen. House thought of everything and really tried to involve ALL your senses from the lights,  sounds, the touch bar,  and the scents.  Simply amazing.  Can't wait to go again!
I've been to clubs in many cities in the world and can say there is nothing like this anywhere I have been.  The colors, the sounds, the concepts that are in this space are all unique.   Pictures are allowed in the front room, but not in the main room.  Security will be on you about no pictures. There is no smoking inside - but the patio/garden is available for smokers... The main room is where performances happen, so when it opens - get in there and watch! If you are looking to get in, dress appropriately and get in line. If you have a "key" (VIP card), it's supposed to be easier to get in - register for one at their site. Suggestion: If you are a club goer, go and see this place! It is a fantastic venue that shouldn't be missed!
What an experience! Definitely not your typical night out. Layout is set up like a house. Great lightshow, excellent music & the random acts that you will experience throughout the night along with the wardrobe of everyone that works there will leave you a bit speechless. Def. not for everyone, but highly recommend.
The first nightclub in wynwood & its great that it is. THIS NIGHTCLUB is one of the best ones I have been to. It is like nothing you have ever seen before. You cant take pictures inside because you have to see it yourself if you want to. If you are shy this might not be the place for you, you need to be open minded. But you should see it with your own eyes you wont regret it.
What a breath of fresh air!  A club that's not a "club" really feels like a house party. The staff is all super friendly & welcoming... U have people in costume walking around spanking u, a beautiful burlesque show.  The venue is beautiful, with a larger dance room to dance and a waiting room where you can mingle & talk to people plus a beautiful outside terrace.  Super impressed.  If you are over traditional clubs but want a fun place to go where you will feel at home - house is the place!
All I can say is AMAZING!!!! Such a Beautiful Venue...Best One I have seen by far in Miami. I went on Saturday Night...and I was Just WOW'd by the Venue itself. Its an Experience that cannot be missed! I suggest to All To Go and See For Yourselves!!!
presently suprised of this new miami spot. Its near my house so I see myself going back again. The ambiance is beautiful, you can tell they spent good money setting this up. the music was good, 3 rooms, choices for everybody. the door wasnt horrible and they got valet.
Mediocre and trying very hard to be edgy. The "house keys" are pointless and get you nothing, certainly not better or faster service at the door. The music is just kind of ok and I guess they're hoping all the performers will distract you from how unimpressive the sound system is. And if I have to be treated like dirt by club staff, I'd rather get treated like dirt at liv/story/someplace with actual cachet.
What a beautiful HOUSE! You need a key to get in btw very exclusive which I like! I went last Saturday for my sisters birthday celebration it was gay night the energy was great and so many gorgeous people omg I was in awe, the blue room reminds me of being underwater or something the mirrors the lighting and the bar top, you gotta experience to see what I'm talking about, the main room doesn't open up until later I lost track of time I was having a blast but WOW that room is just WOW! No pictures allowed in that particular room btw there was live band,spanking, lots of skin very sexual vibe, your allowed to take pixs in blue room or outdoor area only!!!  also the bathroom is unisex and very clean! Can't wait to go back[got my key] gotta be open minded to enjoy!!!
No stars. Cheesy horrible music. The food menu is named after STDs. They say it's your house but they enforce a strict dress code and make you leave your phone at the door. This place would be to bad even for south beach.
My favorite club by far!!!! This place is really one of a kind! I think that instead of leaving a long review on all the amazing and crazy things going down here it's safe to say everyone needs to experience it for themselves!!!  Although, if you're not cool with lots of tasteful nudity, scantily clad men spanking you and random "babies" dancing on you then you better stay clear :p I saw every type of person here! From old, old ladies in long sleeves and long pants getting their grove on to the typical club girl, to the naughty corset wearing, neon panty exposing fetishist. I absolutely love the inclusiveness of this place. I never once felt singled out or weird in this huge awesome mess of freaks. Now I am truly a "House Bitch" ;) Can't wait to get my Key!
Great crowd,  innovative approach to entertainment, fun music. Went there for a birthday party and had bottle service in the balcony area complete with comfortable beds!
Ok so how do I write this review without giving away any spoilers? You have to come and experience House nightclub for yourself. Its five stars alone on the beautiful venue, decor, and concept. I dont want to write too much because I definitely would want you to have that first time experience. You need to register for your house key and I think they will be keeping to this exclusivity, although I think if you are cutely dressed and have a good attitude,  you'll get a House key at the door. It's kind of still in its inaugural stages. There's ample room for everyone in the main room and bottle service vip along the perimeter.  They are adamant about no pictures in the main room. House rules.
Wow, I was a bit apprehensive  cuz the address. So glad I did!!! House music was on point, the staff was crazy!!! I got spanked LOL. Go and have Fun you will
I hope my review doesn't give anything away because it is definitely an experience at House. I've never been a club goer due to me being so shy, but this for sure is the place to be. Absolutely beautiful venue with beautiful people. You'll be amazed from the moment you walk in. I must say that I was a  little startled when I got spanked, but I guess I deserved it for not greeting Mama ;). The staff is very nice and the service was great. It was nice seeing the owner there, shows that he cares for  and takes pride in his little baby. Speaking of babies, I couldn't get one to stop crying, maybe you guys can succeed in that. My drinks were well made and tasted great but I don't know how much they cost (sorry). Nothing but rooms filled with happy people so I for sure plan to visit again. Welcome home everyone.  :)
What a breath of fresh air!  A club that's not a "club" really feels like a house party. The staff is all super friendly & welcoming... U have people in costume walking around spanking u, a beautiful burlesque show.  The venue is beautiful, with a larger dance room to dance and a waiting room where you can mingle & talk to people plus a beautiful outside terrace.  Super impressed.  If you are over traditional clubs but want a fun place to go where you will feel at home - house is the place!
Fancy and cool night club opened recently . I love ambience and music. They have outdoor lounge area for networking and smoking. Good thing is entry is free and drinks r not expensive. They have valet parking $10. I would go there again for sure .. Looks like its gonna be one of the popular hot place for the time to come.
I went to House on May 17th and had no problem getting in. The place looked cool from the outside and as I went in...but I quickly realized that almost everyone in there was gay. I am not sure if this is supposed to be a gay club or if there was a special event that night. I left soon after realizing this and did not get to see the entire place. I am looking forward to hearing more reviews and finding out more before checking it out again.  The place did look cool and hopefully it was just a special event that night.
Only the coolest place I have ever been! If you are lucky enough to get a House Key, you must check it out!!!
Went on a Friday night with a bunch of Friends/we love Wynwood. All of the mixed drinks we ordered tasted awful bartender said it was the soda but the drinks might have been watered down. We switched to beer but besides that we had a good time.
One word AMAZING!!! excellent service, staff, venue, ambient, music, people etc and that was on Friday...Can't wait to go on a Saturday ...Fantastic Job...Miami's nightlife is Back strong and now @ Wynwood!!!
