Hector was cool and provided some cool info on Lincoln Road.  The bar is in the main lobby and gets cranking at night around 11pm. Great start before going to LIV.
2 stars for the DJ who was keeping the crowd moving, comfy seating and the sheer quality of people watching that is available (rich, poor trying to act rich, ladies of the night and their elderly prey, tourists, etc). But if I'm gonna pay $46 (yes, $46) for 2 shots and be treated like customers do not exist by bartenders whose jobs depend on those same invisible customers' patronage, I'd rather stay home. Or come, order water and sip out of my flask (which reminds me, I need to go get a flask!).
The vibe is good, theres a good dj, seating is spacious but the expensive drinks are a mood killer. They impose 18% tip on each drink, so after tax and tip you're at about $23 for a cocktail, which isnt even filled close to the brim. I hate when bars gauch and this is certainly the case here, when the cost of making a drink for them is probably $2-3.  I don't expect them to provide cheap drinks given the clientele but come on, you could do $12-14 for a cocktail and still make a hefty profit. Shame on you Bleau Bar.
This is an expensive place to lounge, but it is spacious and has nice seating... To paraphrase Macklemore from his hit, "Thrift Shop"... I hit South Beach Miami and they stop in Fountainbleau They be like, "Oh, that Bleau Bar scene - that's hella tight." I'm like, "Yo - that's $10 for a Bottled Water." Plastic Bottle Voss 16.9 ounce edition, let's do some simple addition ten dollars for a bottle of water - that's just some ignorant bitch (shit) I call that getting swindled and pimped (shit) I call that getting tricked by a business That water's not hella dough, plus they charge 18% on top as a service fee And having the same Voss as Walmart for $1.44 in this bar is a hella don't Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Trying to get girls from a brand? Man you hella won't Man you hella won't ...oh, by the way, if you only want water, sometimes they have a free cold water dispenser with cups at the end of the bar near the window, and at worst, walk down towards the Spa and there's a free water fountain... And if you think the water is expensive, you should order some alcohol.  I think it's $20 for a beer and $30 for wine.  But if you don't care about money, and want a place to lounge it's a nice spot. They are honest here 'tho, a friend of mine left his credit card and open tab, and the next day they had the card held at the concierge for him secure and safe for him to pick up without incident.
Great crowd and lounge. Perfect for quick drinks while you want to watch the club scene attempt to get in to LIV. Drinks are expensive, but come on what is cheap in Miami?
I'm not sure if I just caught Bleau Bar on an off night, but all I got outta this place was "swanky hotel lobby bar with $17 drinks and lame 80s music for the forty-year-old-plus crowd." Oh, and be aware, your $17 drink also comes with an automatic 15% gratuity. So make that $19.55.* Sure, Bleau Bar is gorgeous in a Vegas-overkill sort of way. Sure, the people-watching is both fantastic and hilarious. But beyond that, the only reasons you should ever come here are if you 1) are staying at the Fontainebleau like I was and need a drink, or 2) got here too early for the club and need a drink. Other than that, I refuse to believe this place is destination nightlife. That said, if we can agree on these reasons, then yes, Bleau Bar serves its purpose and does so with some Miami Contemporary panache. As far as hotel lobby bars go, there's no denying this must be on any short list for Most Memorable. As mentioned, it's a feast for the eyes if nothing else - from its neon-backlit, space-station decor to the constant flow of plastic clientele. Even with a view out onto the hotel's beautiful pool grounds, you want to instead face towards the establishment where you can watch drunk cougars wobble around on obnoxiously high heels in pretty much any direction. With this kind of entertainment on-hand, it should help the $17 cocktail go down just a bit, bit easier. *To be clear, I am not anti-tipping - simply reinforcing the damage here. In fact, I would hope people are tipping at least 15%. It almost seems like Bleau Bar is selling themselves short here. But I guess deadbeats exist in any setting, no matter the ticket price.
This would be 4 stars if they don't charge $30 for a glass of champagne and it would be 5 stars if they had better music.  It's a great lounge bar to grab a cocktail before you eat dinner at some of the amazing restaurants in this hotel, or pregame it before you go out. However, the drinks are almost as expensive as parking at this place!!!  Also, the cocktail waitresses go home by Midnight during the week...and they don't have Pina Coladas here. PS-watch out for the tricky step that goes from the lobby into the bar
Complete and utter luxury in this grand lobby bar. It wouldn't be far-fetched to feel like Miami's celebrity mainstays from the 1940s might easily be waiting for you with a Manhattan in hand. The opulence from the gaudy gold that surrounds you, the light that pours in from the floor to ceiling windows that highlights the pool just beyond and the casual lounging going on immediately transports you to some kind of vacation. Living just a few blocks south of the Fountainbleau, having a drink here, and certainly dropping a decent dime to do so, had me instantly feeling like I was on a weekend furlough. Around me, corporate Midwesterners showed off their lobster tans, Miami playboys seduced equally attractive women, older gentlemen with a yacht likely parked across the street sipped scotch and the commonality between all: visible giddiness.
Dear Bleau Bar, You are sophisticated and hip, attracting a lively crowd from all over the hotel.  Located right in the middle, its the first thing you see when walking into the Hotel.  One barely even notice the entrance to LIV on your right, as you enter the Lobby. Your bar is blue from head to toe, and I like that!  Personally, the color blue has always been my favorite, and of course it matches well with the name of your Hotel (which translates to Blue Fountain). There's always something going on here and there's always people to watch.  When I was here last Saturday there was a charity event of some sort and we saw a lot of celebrities, including Russell Simmons, who walked right past us.  So keep your eyes peeled because you never know who you'll get to see while enjoying your libations at the Bleau Bar! You ROCK Bleau Bar.  No matter how crowded the entrance to LIV gets or how ridiculous the bouncers are being, I know you're actually giving them a run for their money.  And this is the BEST place to meet your friends if you're actually going to LIV, as we did, or dining at any of the hotel's restaurants. See you 'round, Sabrina*
BEST scenery ever. It's worth a drink. Fancy white circular bar, blue lighted elegance, and if you are a world traveler, you will appreciate this lounge. It had a beautiful glow, and I felt like my fiance and I were Jolie & Pitt. If you are on VACA, I strongly am recommending this place to you. The floors are marbled, and they play great music. People are walking in and out of their rooms, from outside, and restaurants in the hotel. It's a good people watching place. I appreciate trends, and this was a place I was noticing a lot of people in awesooomme trends.
I came during Memorial Day weekend/Urban Beach Week so my impression of the bar may be a little...wonky. After dinner at Hakkasan (which was amazing), we came to the bar to grab a couple drinks and watch the shitshow that was sure to ensue. The bar is situated in the lobby of the hotel which is this beautiful, Vegas-like setting with huge chandeliers, a view of the pools and cabanas, and shop-lined walkways.  I kept looking around expecting to see craps tables.  The bar has cool lit floors and sexy waitresses and bartenders serving up nice stiff drinks.  We scored a couple of seats at the bar and played amateur anthropologists and professional alcoholics. Such an interesting mix of people coming through the lobby! People were definitely dressed to the nines last night, though interpretations of what "the nines" meant varied greatly. Everything from 80s prom dresses, skintight cocktail dresses, Christian Louboutins, Sesame Street tshirt (size XXXL on an adult, not a child), booty shorts and a bikini top...it was all here swirling around together to the Top 40s playing We had initially planned on going to the club in this hotel but quickly vetoed that idea when we discovered the usual cover had gone from $20 to $200(!!) because Drake happened to be playing there as a part of Urban Beach Week I guess. Not too devastating given the prime people watching real estate we had and the high weird-factor. Overall, a really good time. I thought the ladies behind the bar did a great job given the shenanigans that happened (2 fire alarms, people throwing drinks on the floor intentionally...). The management did a great job of keeping the crowd under control and herded into appropriate areas. Not bad. Oh. Except for the prices. W. T. F. Essentially $20 drinks served in plastic cups.  They are about $17 a piece for Jameson and coke and tax and a 15% service charge are included automatically. Ouch. If every weekend was like this, I would probably buy one of the condos attached to the property.
The place is very nice, elegant, lit up with blue lights that make the place look hip(sleek). The bartenders are very fast at taking your orders & giving your drinks. Although we sat down & there was two waitress we didn't have anybody asking if we needed help, its almost as we weren't there, I did complain about her considering I was there for over 30 minutes because she was very attentive with the people next to us which really bothered me. I do recommend this place though because I am sure that wont be the case with everyone.
Sweet bar.  I never came here just for this, but I definitely would if I was looking for a chill bar hang-out spot. This place is FULLY stocked, but pricey.  There is always good beats to be heard, with usually a DJ on hand during prime hours.  There's always a good crowd attracted from the nightclub lines and a very fun atmosphere. It's an easy place to grab a drink from... not too much waiting at the bar, and you can sip your drink while waiting in line for Liv/Arkadia.  This place is really a fun intersection of nightlife between business people, hotel guests, and club/bar patrons. The drinks were great, but PRICEY, of course.  The waitress service was spectacular every time we stopped by.  Highly recommend!
This place is HOT like fire baby. The hotel is absolutely stunning and a party of it's own caliber. Most of the reason why people seemed to be flocking to this place was in a failing attempt to deem themselves cool enough to enter the much sought after club downstairs Liv. Clearly I was not cool enough to enter that pretentious party filled with wannabes, so I just stuck to Bleau Bar for the hilarious people watching. Everyone and their mother was fighting like Black Friday sales just to get a word with the jackass bouncers and fork over thousands of dollars just to be allowed into Liv. That is SO not my scene, but my friend thought it would be cool for me to see. Epic fail. I'm totally fine with that because the experience was enough to satisfy this gal. All kinds of people frequent this place. The actual bar itself is circular covered in tile and lit up in blue and pink lights. It was very sexy... Very sexy. I would totally go back here but definitely skip the attempt to gain access to Liv. It's a waste of your valuable time.
Bleau Bar left me feeling anything but bleau. Beautifully tan people, beautifully stocked bar, and a beautiful view of the pools overlooking the beach. This outdoor hotspot sits cozied up next to the shallow end of the main pool, a perfect excuse to find a quick reprieve from the unrelenting Miami rays. Poolside cocktails served by girls in adorable retro swimsuits also come from Bleau Bar, but beware of the frozen concoctions. Yes they sound delicious and refreshing, but nothing stays frozen long under 95 degree heat, folks. Stick to your more shaken or stirred favorites to avoid that water-down, bottom-of-the-glass-margarita-remnants flavor. Not tasty. This bar also serves as a fantastic spot to grab a cocktail before dinner. It isn't uncommon to see extra pretty people gathered around the bar, dressed in more than strings and triangles of fabric. Besides, it's Miami. Cocktails inside? Tres uncool.
With the added service tip, cocktails here start at $20. Even for this lover of uppity cocktails, this seems excessive. And the crowd is, as expected, all that miami beach can be- flashy, high heeled, overexposed (dress wise, that is) and exuding pretension. Other pet peeves include slow service and the risk of getting plastic cups after hours. So why the 4 stars? Well because this can be just the preamble to a night at Liv or your pre-dinner cocktail hour,  but it can also be your destination. Look closely and you will still detect the old miami glamour, be it because of the marbled space, the crystal chandeliers, or the fact that you are witnessing miami cool, miami glam, and even, yes, miami kitsch. Also, the DJ is impeccable.
It's obnoxious how expensive the drinks are here. This bar is in the lobby of the hotel.  It's very grandiose and you will see lots of perfectly sculpted people here.  They even have bottle service. If you're looking for model quality people to look at, this is your place.  I'm quite sure the average suit or dress in this place might have cost as much as my car. It's worth checking out once but you're not getting anything special for your money.  Just be aware that you're paying around 20 bucks for a drink. You've been warned.
Love this bar because it's beautiful and the people there are beautiful. I like to enjoy my ambiance as well as my company. The bar tender named Hector could do so many awesome tricks and has his own signature drink list. He's a wiz and can tell you all you need to know about different liquors and their different quality, etc. The place is dressy and pricey, so be prepared to enjoy!
Valet your whip, walk up the steps and enter into South Beach opulence.   Above you are three $1 million chandeliers created by designer Al WeiWei, famous for his design of the Olympic Games Stadium in Beijing, affectionately known as The Bird's Nest.   Rest afoot on the white polished marble floors with the signature black "bow-tie" pattern throughout.  Refinished from the original design courtesy of the hotel architect Morris Lapidus. In front of you is an inviting bleau glow that leads you forward.  Welcome to the Bleau Bar.  Have a drink, take a seat, and absorb the energy that surrounds you.   Look back towards the entrance and you see a mob of people crowding the corner, that's LIV Nightclub.  Heralded as one of ten best nightclubs in the world (Reuters). At your 3 o'clock you see a gorgeous grand staircase leading up somewhere.. where does it go?  Check it out for yourself!  Don't be disappointed when you come back down.. find me and I'll tell you the story behind it :-). Behind you, and through the double height windows overlooks the pool below.  Or pools shall I say.  There are 6 of them.  There's a nightclub there too, Arkadia. And all around you,... enjoy the scenery that is the people who frequent here. You'd think you've walked through the backstage of a Milan fashion show. The Bleau Bar can be your end destination for the evening, or just the beginning.  There are plenty of options surrounding you.  Cheers!
This place is beautiful, I guess its as close to a Vegas-style hotel that Miami has.  I have not yet had the chance to dine here of party at LIV, however I stopped at Bleau Bar for a drink on a Friday night. I was able to grab a seat right away and the waitress attended us immediately :o)  The drinks were expensive but hey that was no surprise.  Everything was fine, except a little loud and crazy, with all the people waiting to get into LIV.  The crowd was mixed but mostly touristy and people in their younger 20's.   The kind of place to just have a drink or two if you happen to be coming to the hotel for any other reason such as dinner.  Nothing to go out of your way for.
Crap. Took forever to get service and just as long to get the drink made and when the drink came the order was wrong. When I said it was wrong she looked at me like I should just accept it. You could see that the waitresses are more content gossiping to each other than doing what a real high end bar waitress does.
Great lounge type bar. Beautiful people young and old. Real chill spot. Little pricey but it is Miami Beach.
For guys, allegedly you too can be seduced by an older Russian woman who has a daughter closer to your age. This woman might also tell you "no paparazzi" and talk about having dinner with a prominent politician the following day with her connected husband. Key word is: allegedly. Really this bar is a throwback to how things used to be, over the top and classy at the same time. Lots of characters from all walks of life, but a general rule is either you have money or you look good. The ambiance is what you are paying for here as you should expect to drop some serious bank if you have more than one drink. But you know what, you're on vacation so do you! Just look at the pictures, you know you want to come by. Outside there are these cabanas with couches and there are piles of pillows scattered about. Definitely a laid back spot where you can bring that special someone for some alone time or bring your entourage to lounge outside.
Really cool decor and lighting of the ball.  My wife and I came here for drinks after dinner and sat at the bar.  All our bartenders were attentive and pretty cool and friendly.   One of those nights  we drank like 6 drinks...gets up to 140 bucks quick!!  but the people there are like really hot and sexy, then you get a few suckers and old farts that pay for those sexy young tendas drinks, right before the girls ditch them for the club behind the bar.  suckerdees!!!  Really great music and they even have the games on too!!!  I would definitely come back next time i'm in Miami.
I really like Bleau Bar.  It is always full of beautiful people, the music is awesome and it's a fun place to hang out in between dinner at Scarpetta and partying at Liv.  Another cool thing to do is come drink water at Bleau Bar and go back to Liv.  I'm just saying, $10 for Fiji and "our tap water doesn't come out here", make one skeptical.  But Bleau Bar say "serve yourself" which is awesome.   It's also fun to hang out here and people watch.  Wow, when you wonder "how did that 20 something end up with that old man?" you can watch it from start to finish at Bleau Bar.  Apparently, it starts with LOTS of drinks.
The Bleau Bar is definitely the best choice of hangouts within the Fontainebleau Hotel. The ambiance is very Bleau, maybe Cobalt Blue #25 with a accent of white leather chairs. Very posh! Service is excellent and the wine by the glass list is impressive. Even a very good Grenache! Unfortunately, the nothing to eat in here as the Bar is more or less in the Hotel atrium. One night, I ran in the morning and was starving. They sent me to the steakhouse bar which was also good, but not as sophisticated as the Bleau Bar! Great place to mingle, and bring the Cougar flack jacket for late evenings.
The Bleau Bar is the bar in the lobby of the Fountainebleau hotel.   Service from the bartenders seemed spotty at times.  I could get some bartenders to respond to me immediately, while other bartenders passed me over for the far more beautiful people at the bar.  Because, let's be honest and up front, this place is a place that caters to the beautiful people.  They are everywhere lounging on the sofas and chairs surrounding the bar as they pre-pre-party their early evening (you know from 10 - midnight in Miami) away before moseying on in to Liv. The servers are also all very beautiful people, which again can wreak havoc for the less than plastic set among the normal average joes and average janes in the world like me.  I do, however, respect the fact that the bouncers were pretty intense about ensuring that everyone consuming alcohol was actually 21.  I respect that and think you deserve some credit for complying with the law. Overall, if you are looking for an experience that is very stereotypical Miami, then I think the Bleau Bar is a great place for you to begin your night.  It isn't "WOW"ing, but it is just good enough to get your night started.
Awesome bar to people watch or to hang out before proceeding to LIV, the famous club in the hotel. Cocktails were not great but so many gorgeous people!!
The Fontainebleau Lobby could be a club/lounge with it's own velvet rope.  The bar is gorgeous and there are comfy chairs and couches all over the place.  We came here after dinner, around 11pm and it was packed.  The crowd was so diverse with lots of different characters. Find Will.  He's the tall, handsome spanish bartender.  He is super friendly and took care of my and my gf all night.   Just be prepared for the drink prices.  We got two peach ciroc and sprites for $38 including tip.  A glass of the house champagne is $28.   A great place to have a drink before you go to the real clubs or to hang out all night.  They open till about 4am.  Plus - The music was awesome! Better than alot of the clubs/lounges I went to.
This place is a lobby bar and is a good place to go and be seen.  It is right outside of "Liv" so it can also be an excellent place to people watch.  Bar staff is smart and efficient.  Only negative is some folks just sit there to kill time and take up space without ordering.  It is a typical lobby bar otherwise, but I like it!  Parking is expensive.
If you're in Miami Beach and staying at the Fontainebleau, this is the perfect bar to check out "Jersey Shore" wannabes and rich foreigners trying to look cool. Expect hotel bar prices - a glass of Grey Goose will run you about $16. But what the hey, it's worth it.
"Johnny Walker Black on the rocks please" - "Ok, that will be $19"  Ahh, South Beach and your crazy prices.  Obviously the drinks are going to be pricey anywhere around here but the atmosphere here was good until around midnight.  It was a great people-watching bar to stop for a couple of drinks before you go into one of the clubs or elsewhere. Also, Pitbull was there, which was pretty cool.
Nice place to watch beautiful people. lol Nice deco. drink is kinda pricy.. but you get what you pay for ;) one word ! upscale place~
I almost didn't recognize this place during the day from all the pics here and on their website....I guess it gets more Bleau as the night comes on!  This is a great spot for people watching b/c it is literally right across from the front entry of the hotel.   Everyone mentions how expensive the drinks are here, but I really didn't notice this. I was drinking wine and hubby had some cocktails, and we didn't notice a huge difference in pricing from the DC area. The one thing we did notice was the service charge that was worked into every single drink we ordered.  They still leave you an extra line on the receipts with "Gratuity" for those that want to tip extra!!!  This will definitely getcha if you aren't paying attention, but the entire resort does this so you just get use to it.   Another perk...celebrity sightings!  We saw Joakim Noah...not really a celebrity but close enough!
It is amazing to see how many people were here on a Monday Night. Nice ambience and decor in the middle of Fontainebleu hotel. if you will be dining in one of the Hotel restaurants or will be going to Arakdia or LIV stop by for sure, have drink and check out the scene.
nice lounge....waitresses need to chill out a little and the LIV bouncers make everybody wait 45 minutes to get in..unless your Persian, every single persian and their mom was in the club. I walked out. $20.00 to get in, $15.00 drinks.
One of the best people-watching spots in Miami Beach.  Yes, you'll pay $17 for a vodka tonic.  However, there is a great in-house dj and the bar itself is beautifully decorated.  More often than not, a very notable figure will drop by before heading into Liv.  The lounge furnishing is incredibly comfortable and allows you to just sit back and appreciate the beauty of the Fountainbleau hotel.  I'll be back.
The Bleau Bar is the lobby bar inside the main entrance of the Fountainbleau Hotel, and is really the first thing one sees when entering this place.   The first time I'd come to the Fountainbleau post-renovation, I didn't know how I felt about this bar.   I mean, you walk into the lobby of this iconic hotel that's been around since the 1950s and see the brass-framed entrance doors and windows, the grand chandeliers overhead, the black and white "bowtie" floor tiles and one can sense that you've just stepped into a special place.  Then you look directly ahead and see this modern and in some ways almost futuristic looking lobby bar called the "Bleau Bar" all lit up with colored LED lighting, and it's a complete contrast to the rest of the more traditional and tastefully appointed lobby.   Then you order a drink, and the price makes many a SOBE bars' prices look reasonable. That being said, I've been to this bar a few handfuls of times, mostly to meet up with groups of people for dinner at one of the restaurants in the Fountainbleau complex, but more often to come here for a post-dinner drink and to watch "the show".   "The Show", of course, is the incredible people watching that starts at about 11:15 as the doors to LIV at the far end of the lobby are about to open.  You see the groups of guys who think they're the stuff that every woman must dream about, they walk up to the entrance of LIV all cocky, and are promptly turned away by the doormen because they have no women in their group; You see the very young women who are wearing about 5 layers of makeup and the shortest skirts known to man (sans panties, of course), but who would actually look much more attractive if they'd peel off about 1/2 the makeup. In short, they're dressed and made up in a way that screams "Some guy with an expensive car and bags of cash is gonna take me home tonight and treat me like the pig I'm made up to look like."  Then, of course, there are the mother/daughter duos where the mom and daughter are both dressed and made up the same, so the daughter can move in for the kill first, and mom gets all the "spoils" who get turned away by her whelp.   In the end, though I still have mixed feelings about the bar, and despise being charged $20 for a mixed drink (though it's generally a strong pour) and may only give the bar itself 3 stars, the people watching and entertainment value when LIV is opening gets a strong 5.   Averaged out, we'll give 'er 4 stars overall...
After experiencing the nightclub LIV, I actually had more fun at the Lobby bar of Fontainebleau. The music at the lobby bar is loud enough so that you can pick up the beat and I am not suggesting that everybody was dancing at the lobby bar...but there certainly were some people dancing and a lot of people kind of moving around to the beat. Good enough for me to avoid the high entrance fee at LIV. This bar is incredibly cool, with tranquil shades of blue light coming out of everywhere! Even the floors project shades of soft white light. The drinks are not cheap, but welcome to Miami. You will meet lots of interesting people there, that's for sure! Not only did I meet a really cute girl there, but I experienced some of the most interesting people watching I have ever seen in a Miami bar... and that's saying a lot. I think the highlight of the night was this really dorky looking guy who appeared to be making out with two beautiful women at the bar. It demanded further inquiry, so I went over to take a closer look. Both women had their hands on his legs and at first glance the three of them appeared to be in need of a room, but when I got close enough to hear what was actually going on...it was drama city. Apparently the woman on his left was his sister in law...who was playing games with the poor guy. She was trying to make her sister...the girl on the right (who was this guy's wife), jealous. It worked. The whole thing blew up about the time I came over and introduced myself and complimented the poor guy on his game... both women immediately took their hands off of him and started insulting each other. Wow! He then explained that he was going to be sleeping on the couch tonight and then the two women stormed off. I felt kind of bad actually, but all I did was give a compliment. It kind of reminds me why I am no longer married. They say "Your not complete until your married, but once your married your finished"! Anyway, back to the lobby bar. Lots of comfortable seating everywhere...the white chairs and couches in the perimeter of the bar are quite inviting. All in all I think this a great nightspot to enjoy some adult beverages and good music at a level where you can still have a conversation, meet some interesting people and enjoy the fascinating human zoo we call nightlife here in Miami. Highly recommended!
I love this bar! Some interesting characters, like a woman offering me money to talk to her friends, so I guess you can get a job here. jk On the serious side, they make some amazing lychee martinis. A great place to hang out with friends, also nice to have Liv nearby in case you want to dance the night away.
I have experienced better! Great place to see a vibrant crowd. However, the drinks and service level could be better. One of those places that is riding the wave! Yup, and the live DJ was kick ass!
BEST BLOODY MARY EVER! Post a busy business/pleasure trip the ladies and I met up for brunch and came to the Fontainebleau for brunch (forgot the name of the restaurant) anyhoo, our wait was 20-30 minutes so we moozied on over to the Bleau Bar for a cocktail.. I can say that this Miai trip was filled with Mojitos (yuck) Wine and Bloody Mary's.. Bleau Bar makes the best that I have ever had and it should be for $13. The bartender gave us extra olives so it was fine... Anyhoo, LOVE this place! TRY the cocktails here!
As soon as you walk in the hotel you are automatically drawn to this blue illuminated circular bar. Whether you sit and lounge or stand by the bar and have a drink customer service never seems to disappoint. My friend and I coming from the Lila Nikole Swimsuit show at the Eden Rock decided to grab a few cocktails at the Bleau. The bartender with a welcoming smile asks "What are you ladies having?" we decided to leave it up to his expertise, he brought back these two AMAZING martinis, one with raspberry and champagne the second was an apricot or peach martini with cinnamon sugar, both were absolutely delicious. I am not one to finish a drink, I guzzled the entire glass and was left feigning for more! Skip out on LIV and hang at the Bleau its way cooler anyway!
Fun place to people-watch if you're on an expense account.
This bar was packed every night! The bar and the people were gorgeous! The martini i had was fab! Nice and strong. However, beware the drinks are pricy! But, what do you expect?!! You're in Miami baby!!!
Beautiful people everywhere --- great drinks and fabulous decor. A lot of people on Yelp criticize the prices here --- but you get what you pay for in life. I could understand being critical of the drink prices if the Fontainebleau looked like a hotel badly in need of a remodel. That particular hotel looks amazing and people always flock to it --- celebs and Average Joe's alike --- because of its history and the pricey renovation it went through a while ago. If you consider the appearance and sheer size of the hotel --- I would not expect a drink to be budget-friendly. Drink prices are commensurate with room prices and meal prices in the restaurants. You're paying for more than just a cocktail at the Bleau Bar --- you're paying for an actual experience. For people who just want a cheap cocktail to drink minus all of the bells and whistles --- it's a good idea to find a different bar in Miami Beach.
Very stylish with a price to match.
Holy shnikes... $20 a drink???  And then $150 cover for any guy to get into either club.  Normally i'd say 1 star since I'm not impressed by clubs and lounges like I used to be, but b/c there was just so many beautiful ladies around I've promoted it to 3 stars... Yeah i'm married, but I ain't dead... it's a look don't touch policy.
Great place to people's watch prior to hitting the club. Kind of a cock rest though... A lot of single, ugly men seem to frequent this place.
Some friends twisted my arm and got me to drive alllllll the way to the beach for some Saturday night fun. After waiting 853,467 hours in line to valet my vehicle and pay way to much money for it, I was finally able to get down and enjoy the Bleau Bar and all it's ambience. It's beautiful, there really is no place nicer in Miami. Yeah, the drinks are expensive and yes, there is always a crowd, not really ever empty, but I guess that's what you're paying for. If you have a chance, you can even walk outside and enjoy the Fontainbleau resort as a whole while you're enjoying your Bleau Bar drinks. We did, walked all the way out to the cabanas and enjoyed the nice weather. And, if you're hungry, there are always restaurant options around. Great place to visit. If you don't know where it is, just look for the chandeliers and the colorful lights.
Beautiful Bar, in a beautiful Hotel! This is a fun place to meet people from all over the world. It is obviously the place to go in Miami.
I must admit the place is very nice but the drinks are ridiculously expensive..37 w tax/tip for 2 drinks. Plus I do not want to be surrounded by teenie boppers in high heels which they cannot even walk in & dresses that look like they can fit my 3 year old cousin. Oh & the geezers thinking that they're going to land a supermodel with their Ed Hardy get-up. =)
Three blue cheese stuffed olives in my Vodka martini while I was starving is all it took for me to fall in love with this place. I tried also some of the other concoctions throughout the weekend, and they were all made with love and care by the beautiful female bartenders. This is a great place to hang and chill out and mingle with the people in the neighborhood. I like the hotel lobby here.
ONE WORD: PARTIDO!!!!  When you first walk in this hotel this is the first thing you see!!! Me and my girls went here first before we went into LIV on Sunday!!! This bar was awesome, the bartender was cute and they made us awesome drinks!!! There is music playing and beautiful people walking around drinking and lounging... We got some free drink passes and a booth and we had lots of fun there before we went inside the club! I mean it gets kinda packed fast tho but I liked it. The drinks were high tho. I think one shot of Partido Silver was $18 and for Anejo she said $63 lol... CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZY  other than that i have nothing but good things to say about this place! We were their on Labor Day Weekend.... cya for MLK weekend Bleau Bar and please have some Partido Tequila Thanks inAdvance
Great drinks. Great staff. Nothing bad to say about this neat little spot in the hotel. Nice view of the outside during the day time and awesome lighting at night. I would certainly recommend stopping here!
Great place to go to see some beautiful people. Hot chicks everywhere on the weekends. Great place to have a cocktail before LIV.
Great place to people watch.  Drinks are VERY expensive, but thats just the way it is at Fontainebleau.
Lousy selection of good drinks (bourbons - about none) then expect less than 2 ounces.  People watching, yes, but you can do that anywhere in this area.   The Goldfinger thing (it was filmed here) is a long time ago and the renovation didn't seem to help. My vote - skip it.
Great open space design.  Awesome vibe and totally enjoyable.  Why are you reading this - you should already be there toasting something!
The Bleau Bar  is one of the classier places to go to.  I have been there on more than several occasions and each time the people and atmosphere were lively and great. I highly recommend to others looking for a nice evening out.
Don't waste your time going in Liv the music is better here.
Great looking bar but the service is really slow and the prices are just insane.  Unless you have a nice fat expense account, you will feel like a complete chump when your bill comes (tip included!!)
took mama + sis here for their bday, love the ambiance, very pretty, love the people watching, solid dj spinning jams, cracked up at some hillbilly tearing up some rug. drink prices are standard for sobe and especially for the fountainbleau.
Hands down, BEST LYCHEE MARTINI EVER. My friends and I decided to stop by here and grab a drink while we were waiting for our luggage to be brought to our rooms. The decor is very chic and trendy and I love the backlights from the bar and floor. Im not a martini drinker/cocktail drinker (Im a beer girl),  but because my friend had sad this place made the best lychee martinis, I had to try it. Plus the cool lighting and comfortable chairs and atmosphere definitely made me more inclined to order a cocktail. The drink comes out freshly made tasting like real lychee with a plump lychee toothpicked into it. Taste is awesome, not artifically sweetened like most places and the alcohol is not overpowering like I'm drinking rubbing alcohol. That doesnt mean this drink isnt strong though, because you will feel it. And the best part? Picking up the lychee in the martini after its soaked in your glass and popping it into your mouth. Downside is that one of these will set you back $17, but totally worth it just to try! If youre ever at the fountainebleu you should come here to have a drink and just hang out. My friends and I had like 3 of these each because they were that good and we couldn't venture into trying something else. Too bad I live in California, because I have not had a lychee martini as good as Bleu Bar's since then.
