All outdoor shopping.. Even on a rainy day there's spots worth your time to duck in. Great restaurants & a mix of regular stores & boutiques.
*People watching *Great tourism *Sunday Fruit Market *Very alive, yummy, & variation of restaurants *Kid Friendly *So many shops *Open late *Very Fun *So much Fashion *Great to spend a afternoon here if being a tourist *We visited this place everyday at least once the weekend here & it was always poppin *Be careful crossing the streets, driver don't care about pedestrians!
This is one of my favorite places to walk around when in the Miami Beach area. They have a melting pot of a bunch of different restaurants (some good, some bad) and many different shops. In the mood for pizza? Pizza rustica is there for you. Sushi? Sushi samba or sushi thai would be glad to serve. Sweet tooth calling? Serendipity, Nespresso cafe, gelateria 4d, or kilwins ice cream and fudge would be sure to satisfy. I am missing a bunch of other places of course. Overall a great place to go pick up something to eat, shop a bit, and people watch, or maybe catch a movie at the regal theater. The only thing I do not like is the tons of hostesses trying to get you to eat at their restaurant, but that is expected right?
Super cool spot reminiscent of The Grove in LA or Melrose with all the shopping to be had. Love that it's an outdoor shopping area with LOTS boutiques and shops and restaurants. My only complaint is lots of these shops and restaurants are already in Vegas -- All Saints, Haufbrauerhaus. I was hoping for something different. I love that I even found some street art by "Space Invader;" or at least, I think it's him! Hoping, actually =)
LRM is a nice spot to get a bite to eat at a nice cafe or restaurant . There are also a good variety of shops to buy that last minute outfit for the night , or some corny souvenirs to bring home. We stopped by  in the early afternoon and ended up hanging out here until the evening for dinner. This is a good place to get something cold to drink and people watch . The only thing that weirded me out was the Japanese/Thai place . Other than that it's a good place to relax and take a stroll . If you're in the area , you should check this place out.
Who says I have to leave NYC? If I have a craving for something New York here in sunny south beach, I just have to go to lincoln road mall. An outdoor mall with everything I'd miss about New York (minus the buildings). If I'm craving a burger, Shake Shack is there (although not quite the same as waiting in the line at Madison Square Park). If I want candy for the movie theater down the street? Dylan's. Definitely not as appreciated here as the site I frequent but still close enough to Serendipity 3 to make me think this is a replication of some developers dream of having New York City establishments come to South Beach. Not a bad idea. I'm not sure what's worth all the photos. I mean the plant life is essentially similar to the life found alongside the road and that's pretty much all that is out in the midst of this road aside from seating for all the restaurants.
Better then expected! After reading Fool's Paradise: Players, Poseurs, and the Culture of Excess in South Beach I learned a lot about Lincoln Road and wanted to visit the top tourist area in South Beach besides South Beach. We started at 100 Lincoln Road near Ocean Drive, and stopped by South Beach.  As we heading up Lincoln it seemed just like a regular street, until you enter the "district" You will walk block after block and see charming street scape, trees, shops, and restaurants. This area is gorgeous, but very busy! They have unique stores like Affliction, Nexxt Cafe and a wide variety of other things to enjoy.   Make sure to look through the entire Lincoln Road District and head up Washington and Ocean Drive! A must see!
I was flabbergasted the first time I stepped foot on Lincoln Road and its environs. It's a tropical oasis filled with shops, restaurants, silver-painted people, and rollerblading people in short shorts at almost all hours of the day. Miami's climate makes it possible to spend lots of time outside (even if you have gallons of sweating rolling down your freshly-bathed skin) and Lincoln Road makes it possible to do so in an area full of things to do and people to see. Having gone to Miami many times, especially in the past 5 years, I always try to make my way to Lincoln Road, even if it is full of superficiality. The lively spirit is infectious and it is great fun strolling about this pedestrian-friendly paradise. You will see all types of "artists," trying to earn extra money or be discovered, which guarantees an entertaining time and the dearth of places to eat at, whether it be an upscale Argentinian steakhouse or a gelato shop, ensures that visitors of all sorts find something pleasing, palate- and wallet-wise. Listen to all the hype and visit this overly-visited multi-use development. On your way there, admire the Mediterranean homes that are scattered all over Miami Beach. Enjoy the breeze blowing from the Atlantic Ocean. Look at all the beautiful people walking, running, riding bikes, and doing other physical activities (how else do you think they maintain their figure?). And don't forget to check out the eateries that are just off of Lincoln Road--you already that many places off the beaten path will save you a few bucks. Charlotte Bakery and
Always something to do here as long as you bring your wallet. New stuff popping up all the time and Lincoln seems to be turning into a shopping center more than a culture-rich spot for the locals. The power of the dollar I guess. Still a great strip
Lincoln Road is one of the most "tourist-y" areas of Miami Beach and is slowly becoming "New York-ized" to accommodate all the tourists who come. Dylan's Candy Bar... we have one now! Serendipity 3... yup, there's one over there! My favorite places on Lincoln Road have to be Books & Books, Pizza Rustica, and the New World Center movie screenings. It's a good place to hang out whether you are a tourist or not.
By the Numbers. Yelp Style. 20 : The amount of time I spent with my girlfriend walking around Lincoln Road. 45 : An approximation of how many restaurants are on Lincoln Road. 58 : Times I snapped my neck at eye candy on Lincoln Road. 6 : The amount that were guys. Do not judge, they were sexy. 52 : Amount of times I had to tell my girlfriend I was window shopping...(under breath) people. She still thinks it was clothes. 1 : The one and only Wallcast where it is great to catch a good movie or symphony on the wall while sipping on some wine on the lawn. 200 : The amount of different beers served at Zeke's. 4 : The price of any one of those 200 beers. oo : Endless is the eye candy and ensuing smiles that follows. Always a great place to start the night.
A must see for tourists. I always asked myself in NYC why people would visit Times square and eat at olive garden or applebees or places that they had back home and missed all of the one-of-a-kind restaurants that NYC had to offer. Lincoln Road is similar yet oh so different. It's similar in the aspect that all of the stores on this road are Aldo, Guess, BeBe (you get my drift) and there are very few shops that are ONLY on Lincoln road (besides the tacky ones selling bedazzled belts and dresses for $1,000 give me a break). The food is all pretty local yet not THE BEST. Still this road is a MUST SEE for tourists. You can see a movie (but who wants to see a movie on vacation in MIAMI?), visit an art gallery (for the love of god, NOT BRITTO), get dinner, drinks, and amazing dessert. You have some real drawing elements on Lincoln road such as: Restaurants - Meat Market (steak, seafood), Sushi Samba (sushi/brazilian), and last but NOT least my FAVORITE JUVIA (everything). For something more lively, Segafredo & Balans Drinks - Haven (A MUST GO but opens kind of late I believe like 6pm) Dessert - Serendipity 3, Kilwins Some really unique stores to visit are BASE (record store and men's apparel/accessories), & there's another one that sells amazing one-of-a-kind items and I can't remember the name, UGH! I will have to update it when I do. Anyways, MUST VISIT LINCOLN ROAD.
Much thanks yelp for reminding me to finally write a review for one of my favorite places to visit on the beach. Even when we lived in Broward for many years we would come to Lincoln Rd. with visitor's from out of town. There is so much to love about this place. For me, it is a staple of all that Miami has to offer. If you are looking for something fun to do, spend the entire day strolling down the street of Lincoln Rd. From awesome art gallery's, restaurants, bars, churches and many boutiques there is something for everyone including a movie theater to catch a flick. Then at the very end take a stroll over to the beach, take off your shoes and enjoy paradise! This is a mecca for tourist from all over the world to visit. As you walk around you hear every language spoken and let me tell ya the scenery is like no other. From the outfits people wear to what you see. Oh yes, love it. So much fun from culture to creepy, to just weird, to sometimes even x-rated, you see it all here. A day of shopping, touring, people watching, visiting art gallery's, happy hour, lunch or dinner, beach, or just walking for exercise this place is awesome. On the weekends you can find antique shows, art shows, etc...they have nice events throughout the year with local artist. This will always be one of my favorite places and if you are visiting Miami, this is a must see.
I frequent Lincoln Road for many and all different kinds of occasions. Whether it's a lazy Sunday stroll or a Thursday girl's night all, Lincoln Rd. offers something for everyone. And of course, the outdoors factor can't be beat. From shops to restaurants, wine bars, and pizza, Lincoln Rd. is the place for me. I get to "staycation" while I'm here. I blend in with the tourists and feel lucky to actually live in such a gorgeous city. If you're from out of town or a regular miamian, like me,  Lincoln Rd. is the place to be. I hold many a memorable nights here. If you're into the Miami history thing, check out the history of the development of Lincoln Rd. Parts of the original walkway are still there.
Every year I find myself on Lincoln Road and every year both my wife and I say the same thing "never again." I suppose we go because it's close to places we sometimes visit, especially if we're going to the Fillmore. The reality is this place is equal to the worst part of Times Square. Eliminate the bright lights and add palm trees and it's really no different. Tourist trap heaven. Many stores come and go and the food is nothing special. Fugazi Italian spots to euro-trash restaurants or greasy Cuban, take your pick. None of them will leave a lasting impression, I promise you that. The shops are cool, I guess, if you're a 16 year old and enjoy buying real gaudy Ed Hardy knock-offs.  The art center is fun and probably the best thing about this horrendous street. Hobos, hippies and douches grace each and every corner. I wish I could say a few good things about this place but it's really hard to. Maybe the fact that Lincoln is blocked off for pedestrians? Cafeteria used to be a great little spot, but like everything else it is no longer there. Ghirardelli too, no longer there. There is Shake Shack near the end, but that is basically a hipper NY version of Five Guys. The best thing about Lincoln Road is it's near the great Abbey Brewing Company and Yardbird should you be craving some fried chicken.
This might be the best mile or so in Miami. A pedestrian mall that once was brimming with local boutiques and is now home to a selection of national chains. Yes, it's no longer bohemian, it has sold out and sold it's soul to highest bidder. The food tends to be mediocre with a few shining gems. But last year the 1111 building opened to anchor the west end bringing with it NY staple Shake Shack along with a small block of high end shops. It's also changed the landscaping on the road itself. A welcome improvement. This year the New World Symphony unveiled it's new building and the addition of Soundscape park on the east side of Lincoln Road. As Lincoln Road continues to evolve I can only hope that there is an evolution that involves a return of some local shops amongst the newer luxury boutiques. I also hope there is a well-thought out pragmatism regarding the eateries. And more street performers. Still, no matter its shortcomings this is still one of the best walks in Miami. You can get coffee at Nespresso or one of the three Starbucks, go to the movies, catch a concert, attend a show, watch street performers, grab a beer at Zekes, purchase a new iPhone, a book at Taschen, people watch, etc
Lincoln Road (despite its long and colorful history) is a long, long shopping center comprised of mostly junk. Probably about 80% junk. 15% decent restaurants, 5% decent shops. Even with that equation, the people watching is 100% awesome. There's some characters wandering around. Great for a Saturday stroll.
If ur ever having a blah or boring day... Walk down Lincoln Road. Complete entertainment!!! Great for people watching most definitly. But if u do eat out on lincoln just make sure u yelp, the restaurant before walking in ( just a heads up). It can be a tourist trap but a few places are amazing. As for shopping, stay away from stores ur not familiar with because they r a rip off. Plus there's a Macy's and Nespresso!
People-watching and overpriced drinks.  Watch out for small pets and douchebags
Lincoln Road is one of the most "tourist-y" areas of Miami Beach and is slowly becoming just like New York. My favorite places on Lincoln Road have to be H&M, Pizza Rustica, It's a good place to hang out whether you are a tourist or not. Its nice to people watch. Must try the Hookah bars at the end of Lincoln :)
Shopping Dining Drinking Partying; seems like Lincoln Road has it all. It does and it doesn't...   For those not familiar with Lincoln Road, this road is more like a retail plaza filled with popular shops and eateries, as no vehicular traffic travels what used to be paved car lanes.  Looking at the walkways closely, you can see the hidden remnants of the asphalted drives, but the transformation was such an ingenious change.   THE GOOD:   Some wonderful points to love here is there is something to eat for everyone; and they serve late into the night (when other towns are dark & closed these places are still serving a packed house).  And all the restaurants have tons of trendy sidewalk seating.  They have a variety of clothing and other retail stores that keep up with the latest fashion trends or whatever is the flavor of the month.  Parking garages galore so never trouble finding parking. THE BAD:    The downside is the commercial "make a buck on everything" companies have really begun to get a strong grasp on this popular hot spot.  Come on, THREE STARBUCKS all within 1/3 of a mile (it is literally less than 3 minutes to walk from one Starbucks to another).   THE MIDDLE:   Many locals would complain that Lincoln Road has become too touristy.  May tourists would say it's packed with locals.  Personally I think it's right up the middle.  Where else can you see a "beautiful" couple in trendy, sexy clothing covering up their perfect bodies and then followed by a yee-haw couple with a serious need of a tan and wardrobe change.  Personally, I love the diversity here.
A Pedestrian Mall and tropical garden oasis.   A former street closed off to vehicular traffic in the early 60s.  City is currently working on shutting down the north/south car pattern to fully isolate this famous strip of miami beach history. My Favorite (non-restaurant/bar) spots include: -West entry plaza (recently completed and closed to vehicles) -Miami Community Church (neo-baroque mission style) -Grassy knoll by Pizza Rustica w/ rows of Royal Palms -Sterling building (deco gem. check out the details) -Lincoln Theater -Old Savings & Loans bldg. -Arcenter So. Fla.  (walk in & talk to artists, watch them work) Plenty of shopping and restaurants around.   People watching (if that's your thing). Strolling.   Quick Fact: Morris Lapidus designed Lincoln Road.  He also did the Fountainebleau and Eden Roc.  While Meis van der Rohe at that time proclaimed "less is more", Morris responded with "too much is never enough." Thank you Sir.
I had a great time here!  Lincoln Road rocks! My husband and I spent our very last night here hanging out and people watching.  We also tried the the hookah at Deco Cigars and just hung out. Awesome place!  Like Shauna, I too saw the man who drove around with his rooster.  Where else can you see that?  There was also the man with the bikini top and tutu and one in a Dallas Cheerleaders outfit!  Cute! I love the vibe here!  If you go to South Beach, you've got to go to Lincoln Road.  I loved it here.  Awesome people watching, wonderful restaurants and anything goes here!  Don't pass it up.
One sentenced review of Lincoln Road: Pretenious, trash, tourists and south beach locals, over priced shopping and retaurants while bums charge you to look at them in crazy outfits. Only Gems ( Meat Market  Serendipity and the art galleries)
This is a cute place. I love the energy of this outdoor mall. For someone who has NY at the heart (or is just a major fan of The Big Apple), this place certainly quenches your thirst for the walkable city NYC feel. It not only has the upscale feel of NYC, but even the funky characters. Some dude was walking around in an ice cream sundae costume. There were also street performers, like the guy playing the Australian didgeridoo and the armless painter guy who made masterpieces with his feet. If you come here, definitely opt to eat outside or you'll be missing out on all the fun!
I came to visit Miami for less than 48 hours ... and it rained almost the entire time! My plans to get my tan on while the rest of NYC was dealing with 60degree weather fell through, but Lincoln Road was an awesome back up! Lincoln Road Mall spans from Alton Rd on the West to Collins Ave on the East side and consists of a line of outdoor restaurants + cafes sandwiched by stores. The only con with this set up is that you can be walking on one side of Lincoln Rd, glance across the street and see  a store that you want to check out but can't bc of all the restaurant tables in between! So you'd have to walk up a few stores and then make a detour back down - not a huge deal & you get someeee exercise (and let's face it, we're in Miami and everyone has a jacked body so any exercise is def welcome). The stores are a mixture of high end BCBG Max Azria to J. Crew and Madewell(!) to little $9.99 bikini shops. All of which are welcome in my book! I was pretty shocked when I saw the Shake Shack on one of the little roads intersecting Lincoln. I didn't see many people waiting on line - def refreshing coming from the 45mins+ wait at the original one in NYC. Best part of Lincoln Rd. is the Starbucks on legit every single block - so didn't have to worry too much about the bathroom situation while I was drunk shopping ;)
Who wants to GET WEIRD on Lincoln Road?? After spending some time on this 8 block stretch, I guarantee you'll wonder....whaaaa the heck did I just experience?? Did I accidentally drink the Tourist Trap Kool-Aid or is this place just that awesome? And after trying to decipher it's complexity, you'll probably give up and admit you enjoyed it. Yes, there's an extremely strange mix of pedestrians here:  high power execs closing during a power lunch, tourista latinas in sky high stilettos at 10am, the homeless crowd. Oh and don't forget about the resident street performers: Elvis, the all White Lady, the Gold Lady (pretty sure same gal), gay guy in pink heels carrying his boom box, and the cowboy hat trannie that weaves his/her bike between the crowds dinging the bell. All walks of life can be spotted here and that's what makes for some INCREDIBLE people watching. The City of Miami Beach prides itself on this stretch and does a great job maintaining it. Every morning tenants are pressure washing or mopping storefront sidewalks. Cops (or unmanned cop cars) make their presence known on intersections and most high end stores have hired security. What many people fail to notice, at night or in their mimosa induced haze, are the incredible efforts to showcase Florida's flora. Amongst a series of mini gardens, you can spot gorgeous orchids tucked up in the palm trees, lush ferns, and Spanish Moss hanging. Mornings are my favorite time here during a run or enjoying a quiet cappuccino before the crowds arrive.   Sure you can shop 'til you drop at designer stores and boutiques, but don't miss the Sunday farmer's market which showcases local vendors! Pick up a fresh baguette, potted orchid, or sip a fresh squeezed juice to help with that hangover. You can also score some interesting finds at the antique market every other Sunday. Yes, Lincoln Road is full of tourists but do ya blame them for enjoying themselves here? Don't hate....PARTICIPATE!
You know its a great place to be when the you live here and have been here more times than you can count, the rain is pummeling down, the sky has been dark and gray all day long, and yet you LOVE to be there. It's the great and wonderful mix of the various characters from all over the world, whether they were born here, are visiting for a week or two on vacation or whether they are just passing through.  Its a great place to come for a late night dinner or snack.  Come for the shopping or a coffee or Ice Cream or to simply take a stroll along.  People are friendly here for the most part, dogs are in abundance which my kids LOVE, and really it's the HEART of South Beach.  No trip to Miami Beach is complete for me without a stroll along here to see what's new, what's still thriving and of course, to see the awesome characters.
When looking for somewhere to eat, Lincoln st. Is the place to go! I love that you walk down lincolnand there's restaurants everywhere. Watching the people walk around is entertainment itself! Woohoo! Some gorgeous ladies in a Miami!
Lincoln Road is not for the faint of heart.  Before I moved to SoBe I had had it described to me as "the Rodeo Drive of Miami."   Perhaps it wishes it was, but if you want Rodeo, go up to Bal Harbor.  Here, spliced among the unaffordable and unattainable are shops where you can buy those booty shorts that say "South Beach" on the back and fellows that will buy you a drink even if you're not wearing heels.   The characters are perhaps the best.  Keep an eye out for Mark and Mr. Clucky, the vegetarian crusading Rooster.  Lady the english bulldog rides with her dad on his low-rider bicylce.  The platform shoe and skirt wearing dude that dances to Diana Ross on the corner.  The locals-in-the-know free sushi night at Doraku's.  The funny half german waitstaff at Hofbrau.   Ignore the tourists.  Have conversations with the campaigners on the corner.  Hang out at starbucks all day drinking water and yell out compliments to fashionistas as they saunter by.  Dip your toes in the ocean at the end of the road.  It will all just be another normal day in South Beach.
Oh! I saw the dude on the bike with the snowy white rooster! Its bright red comb was brilliant in the Miami sun. I had seen some travel show that talked about Mark and his rooster, Mr. Clucky. He was dressed in overalls which were hard not to miss as he slowly rode his bike up and down Lincoln Road. I never got a chance to stop him for a picture but then again, I'm not one of THOSE tourists. Otherwise, I spent about 7 hours on Lincoln Road the first time and then a few more hours on other days looking at various shops, restaurants and bars. As a street for shopping, it had all your usual suspects as well as smaller, independently owned stores. I do think in terms of outdoor malls, this one is a great one but at the same time, it's not exactly efficient. You're constantly dodging slow-moving crowds and shaking your head no to restaurant hosts trying to usher you into their cafes and restaurants. I preferred shopping along Collins as it was more low-key. Parking was difficult and if you're lucky to find a lot, feed it the max and stay put for a while.
This is the heart of South Beach. I was once stopped by a tourist as I biked down Lincoln Road. She wanted to know where South Beach was. I looked at her and with a chuckle I said, "Ma'am, you are right here! This is it!" If someone ever tells you to meet them at the Starbucks on Lincoln, make sure they are a bit more specific. As there are at least four locations. The Sunday outdoor market is cool. Walk up, walk down, just make sure to bring your walking shoes (or flip flops).
I don't know why, but I love Lincoln Road. There is a feel to it that makes it stand out  from the rest of the malls in Miami. It might be the people, the stores, the fact that is so close to the beach....I don't know but I sure enjoy it. I usually go with my husband on Sundays. I love to seat in one of the cafes, enjoy the breeze, talk, relax and go shopping. I've also seen the weirdest people at Lincoln Road, but I've noticed that at Sobe anything goes. Nobody really cares. Oh yeah..I love to watch the people who take their cute dogs ...makes me want to have one. One thing I have always noticed though...why is the apple store always so damn packed???? Anyways, check it out!
Lincoln Road is our go-to place for so many things: Have nothing to do? Lincoln Want to watch silly people strut their mini dogs? Lincoln Want to watch people in totally inappropriate clothing? Well, probably most of the beach.  But they do end up on Lincoln. Want to watch tourists burned to a crisp? Lincoln Visitors in town? Lincoln Want to be assaulted with menus? Lincoln Yes, it's very touristy.  I get that.  And it's also what makes it so much fun for me.  I'm not sure I know of any other place that's so packed with people from so many other locations.  It's always amazing to me what a draw it is for so many different types of people and that's one of the reasons I love to go here.  As locals, we know where to go for shopping and most of our eating, and it's not Lincoln, so really it's not a problem.  Although it does have a few (ok, maybe 2) restaurants I like, when you live here you know what to stay away from.  Either way, it's such a fun way to spend a few hours and it's also beautiful at night.
Great place to eat, drink n ppl watch. I love lincoln great place where locals and tourists mix well. Tip for tourist = if a restaurant is begging for you to eat there, its most likely not the best. The best restaurants dont need to bombard you with flyers and specials to get you to sit down.
Lincoln Road is the mecca of people-watching.  Whenever I have guests in town, Lincoln is definitely one of our stops.  It's the quintessential South Beach experience, whether you're into the whole SoBe scene or not. There are tons on restaurants, bars, and cafes where you can grab a drink, a nibble, or even embark on a gastronomic adventure.  There's plenty of stores for browsing, including lots of boutiques, and other shops you won't find elsewhere.  So while it bills itself as a "pedestrian mall," Lincoln Road offers so much more than that! Parking is plentiful - flat lots, and a massive garage litter 17th Street (and South Lincoln Lane, which often gets forgotten).  Make sure you put plenty of money in those meters though, cause the Parking Authority doesn't mess around!
If you have not been to Lincoln road, you must go.  When someone says Miami, most likely if they are a tourist they actually mean South Beach.  A nerve center within South Beach, Lincoln Road is a wonderful pedestrian mall where you can shop, drink, consume food, and consume eye-candy.  Yes, I said eye-candy.  Whatever your proclivity, you will find a veritable smorgasborg of delectables for your eyes to gorge on.   I, personally, enjoy the constructed canopies that are built along the entire journey that one takes going from east to west and then back again.  I cannot wait for the Herzog and de Meuron building to open.  It is at the west end of the mall and you can already see the avant garde colors that fit into the very flashy, art deco atmosphere of South Beach in a round-about-contextural manner.   The small joys.  I only wish that the seating areas that were present were more institutional.  Most of the seating "belongs" to businesses along the length of Lincoln Road.  I don't like to feel as though I must purchase something.
Lincoln Road over time is just getting better and better!  Instead of coming once every other month we are now finding ourselves driving to SoBe more often to hang out with our daughter and our destination of choice is here. She lives within walking distance so we will catch a flick, grab a bite or check out the new wonderful shops that are popping up!  I must say its kind of funny that there are three Starbucks here, plus a couple of other coffee shops and they are always busy. Great Galleries too, Lincoln Road has just about anything you might be interested in. The people watching is the best anywhere in Miami and my favorite part!  Have a coffee or a meal outdoors and just sit back and watch the characters go by!
Wish i lived a little closer but i guess if i did i wouldnt like lincoln road so much. Good friend came in from NY and was staying nearby and since we didnt have much time we decided to stroll lincoln road. Lincoln road was great. it was a nice day for walking, they were playing some good music, and the people and their dogs were out and about. I even ran into my jazz professor! Crazy! The people here are also great to just observe. some say or do the craziest stuff like its completely normal. Took lots of pictures, window shopped, ate lunch. It was a completely awesome day. The only problem i can foresee is the rain since its an outdoor are. I usually carry a spare umbrella with me when i walk here J.I.C. i once went on a really sunny nice day and it all of a sudden started pouring. Lucky for me i brought the umbrella and it saved me the hassle of crowding with everyone under the few areas of cover. I was able to walk the rest of the road which at that point was pretty clear since everyone was hiding under awnings lol! overall its a completely fun experience.
If you are a tourist visiting Miami Beach, you must visit the Lincoln Road Mall and stroll from Alton Road to Washington/ Collins Avenue. The best things about the Lincoln Road Mall. 1) People Watching 2) Restaurant Reservations not needed 3) Stores are open until 11pm 4) People Watching (Halloween on Lincoln Road is similar to Mardi Grais!)   The worst things about Lincoln Road 1) Parking - (it's expensive and limited...the best place is the City Parking Garage next to Macys.) Make sure you feed the meter since they frequent ticket expired meters! You can park in "some residential spaces" until 6 p.m. South of Lincoln Road. Don't park in a posted No Parking area or you will discover the location of South Beach Towing.   2) Waiters/Waitresses - The service is rarely great. You almost always need to ask for water and the refill. The tip is virtually always included in the bill and there is usually an open space for tourists. Some restaurants charge for drink refills. At some restaurants, if you are having lunch, you will need to ask for the lunch menu or they'll give you the more expensive dinner menu. 3) Crosswalks - These are the only streets in Miami that Pedestrians think they have the right-of-way over cars. Every time I walk down Lincoln Road, I see a potential accident a pedestrians walk right through red lights and are almost hit by a speeding Miami driver. 4) Crowds - It can get very crowded on Friday and Saturday nights. 5) Bathrooms - There are limited public bathrooms on Lincoln Road so make sure you take care of business before leaving the restaurant.
Lincoln Road is the ultimate tourist trap A lot of the shops are over priced, and everything I buy there ends up falling apart after a wash. A lot of cheap material dresses for like 200 dollars. A lot of the clothing is guady and looks very jersey shore-ish. I rather do my shopping at Aventura Mall and get better quality clothing for the same price. There are a few good restuarants, sushi samba, yum. But it's fun if you want to look at all the weirdo's and walk your dog. Very dog friendly.
If it weren't for the fact that this strip of shopping is right between the 17th Street Garage (park there!) and Frieze Ice Cream Factory, I could care less about this train wreck of a shopping experience. it's more of a time killer than anything. You'll play 'dodge the pedestrian' and 'watch out for that table.' If you need an Apple store, a Gap, or a souvenir shop, it's all here. All of the restaurants reminded me of a outdoor mall food court, and probably just about the same caliber. It's a place to people watch or be seen. While it's probably just as much of a locals spot, I can't help but feel like it is a tourist trap.
This place is awesome to walk around and people watching.  You have all of these expensive shopping stores filled with tourists from all over the country or even world.  All these restaurants fill their outdoor seating, which definitely gives this city the beach feel that I love!  You have a mix of everyone here from tourists to executives eating their meals.   Plenty of parking garages, restaurants, and shopping....What else is not to like?
I love South Beach - which is so ironic, considering I used to avoid it at all costs (mainly due to fear of parking, and other irrational concerns). I rarely make it to Lincoln Road for some reason, but when I do, I ALWAYS have a blast. It's so charming - touristy, yes, but charming nonetheless. As Michelle W. said, the people watching is pretty outstanding. It's so easy to sit there for hours, drinking cocktails and watching the the crazies stroll by. The restaurants, bars and shops do cater to tourists, but there are still a few decent places along the way.
As a tourist, it was implied that Lincoln Road was a place we must visit at Miami Beach. I wasn't too thrilled with Lincoln Road. Maybe it's because I like Santa Monica better? Maybe it's because the stores themselves weren't that great? Plenty of food options though, and it is a nice place to walk around and chill. Location is good, and it is very near the beach. Good place to come kill some time and experience the local flavor. I didn't drive when I was in Miami, so I can't say much about the parking/driving experience. Oh yes, the Alchemist store is located on the 5th floor of the parking garage at the end away from the beach. Thought that was pretty random. I believe they are moving down to the first level, though.
Definitely worth checking out if you are visiting Miami. Tons of eateries and stores to shop at to keep you busy. Be warned, it is not impressive or one-of-a-kind. But a good spot to hang out outdoors and enjoy the beautiful Miami weather and people watch.
- People watching - Dog-friendly shops and restaurants - Open-air shopping and dining - Sunday market - Trendy business - Good for tourists - Better for locals who know to avoid the touristy places - Bad for not-too-comfy shoes (lots of walking to do) - Movie theater - Relatively easy parking (garage, parking lots, or street parking)
Lincoln Road pedestrian mall is a Miami Beach treasure.  No visit to our city is complete without spending a few hours there. It is truly a feast for the senses--- great architecture and lushly landscaped with fountains, outdoor cafes, shops and entertainment.   Best of all is the people watching--it's a non stop parade. You can come day or night, dressed in Gucci and Prada, or bathing suit and flip flops.   On foot, skates, bike or Segway.  With a baby, a dog, a parrot or an iguana.   Hear every language spoken under the sun.  It's the American Ramblas and the best of South Beach for sure.
This a great place to walk around and check out the atmosphere and the people here and nice but most rich and stuck up. There is tons of places to shop , eat or just relaxe and the beach is right around the corner. To shop in this place ypu have to have LOTS of money but it still is a great place to go for a walk in Miami.
I like coming here with visitors because there are a ton of places to see, the people watching is excellent and especially if the weather is nice, you can stop and have a snack or a drink and enjoy the sunshine. But unless I was entertaining people from out of town, or wanted to go to a specific store or restaurant here I wouldn't really hang out here. I had had crappy service at several of the restaurants and the prices in the stores are tourist high and not something I would pay for every day needs.
Lincoln Road is the ISH! If you've been to the Bay Area, it's sorta like Santana Row, but about 4 times bigger and 10 times better. The bars and restaurants stay open late, even on Sundays. Beautiful people, awesome shopping, and great places to hang out and drink. What more could you ask for? Oh yeah, THERE'S A SHAKE SHACK HERE TOO!
I LOVE lincoln Road! Who wouldn't. Its got a string of restaurants and shops with heaps of street performers. Reminds me a lot of Barcelona's Las Rumblas. The first ever day I moved to miami, i walked down this street having never seen or been to Miami before, and I was instantly stunned by this avenue of beauty! There could be nothing better, then to have a few or more beers at Zekes, sit outside and watch the world go past on Lincoln Road!
I mean, everything at Lincoln is overpriced. And really, everything is usually disgustingly crowded. Now, you want to people watch? You want to grab a drink and walk around? You want to maybe catch a movie? Want to maybe sample some fare at a few quality places while sporting your trademark egregiously over-sized ten-thousand dollar sunglasses? Want to explore the antique fair that comes around every two weeks? Want to stare stone-like and mortified at the increasingly growing number of people pushing their dogs around IN STROLLERS? Then you know... yeah, come to Lincoln. Why the hell not? If nothing else, it totally typifies Miami Beach. Now, I don't know if you noticed by my lukewarm review, but I don't really buy in to the whole Miami Beach facade. Still though.... Why the hell not? There's a Books & Books! Long live the independent book store!
Lincoln Road is more of a social, ready to mingle, fine dining type of place. Yes there is shopping, but overall there are way more restaurants than there are stores. I love that all of the restaurants have indoor and outdoor seating. The thing with their outdoor seating is all of the restaurants have their outdoor seating in the middle of the walk way. Not only is it in the middle, but the seatings are so closely compacted together, it seems like ONE BIG restaurant. There is no division with the seating so it doesn't feel like you're at the restaurant you're suppose to be at. Plus all of the restaurants offer the SAME deals at the same times and same service....so there is nothing distinguishing the restaurants apart. As for the stores, they have basic stuff. I would think, Lincoln Road was going to offer cute boutique stores...but they had basic stores like Mac PRO, F21, Kiehls...etc. They also have a bunch of high end stores (of course...the people here look loaded with money!). Lincoln Road is basically one street all the way down. It was okay... I liked shopping on Collins much better! This place is beautiful to shop around when the weather is right!
I LOVE people watching here!!! It's great no matter what day it is or time of day!! It's funny to see everything from the super swanky to the super sloppy all rubbing elbows together (even though they would rather not be) hilarious to watch people interactions! Airports used to be my favorite people watching venue, but Lincoln road trumps it for sure!! Go there, grab a table at a cafe or restaurant and get ready for the show. There are tons of places to choose from, so you should be able to find whatever you are looking for. The shops are great, some are a little on the pricey side. So, if you're not ready to drop some coin, window shopping might be your best option. If you have out-of-towners that, like me, think that people watching is an awesome spectator sport, BRING THEM HERE!!! Or if you just want some good food and good shopping, you can come here too :)
Fun.  For those of you familiar with the West Coast, this is equivalent to the Santa Monica Promenade.  Good People watching and they had an antique fair on the Sunday that we went.  Found old stuff and fake stuff all over the place.  They are willing to negotiate more at the end of day.  Fun afternoon.  Just park in the city parking for $1 per hour.
Very cool place to have dinner outside, sit around over drinks with friends, and/or grab some dessert and people watch. Not an actual mall but it's a number of blocks on Lincoln Rd with tons of restaurants, shops, and art galleries - reminded me of 3rd St in Santa Monica. At around 11pm on Sat night the place was still busting with tons of people hanging out and eating outside. Not too far from South Beach and seems less touristy than South Beach. Seemed a combo of locals and tourists. Bottom line: South Beach has become extremely touristy, think I prefer hanging out in Lincoln Rd much better. Parking does get crazy - good luck.
One of Miami's famous icons. Full of shops, restaurants with plenty of outdoor seating, galleries and beautiful people on the street. We parked pretty far and walked a few blocks to here both day time and at night for different experienc.  Day light seemed to focus on shopping while the night scene was full of food and drink. When we walked up and down the Lincoln road, we definitely felt we were in Miami. NY has the 5th avenue, SF has Powell stree and Miami has Lincoln Road.
Visited here as part of an amazing weekend in South Beach. There is a little bit of everything here: shopping, food, people-watching and lots of walking... Amongst the great shops there was my favorite: Banana Republic! Two stories, a great collection of jewelry and clothes! We visited a few other shops and there is clearly something for everyone...
Great for people watching. Go to Lincoln Road any time of day and you are bound to see some freaky looking people of all ages, shapes and sexual preferences. There are plenty of great places to eat, drink and find entertainment. The biggest reason why I like Lincoln Road: You can go there without a plan and end up having a great time!
Lincoln Road is the greatest! It's a true people watching Mecca which everyone should put on their "bucket list" and visit. You hear all sorts of languages. Perk your ears and you'll hear French, Portuguese (mostly Brazilian), lots of Spanish, German, Russian, Dutch, and I even got chance to try out what little Swedish my grandmother taught me. There are roller bladers, skateboarders, kids with those heelys, bicyclers, joggers and even a few jugglers, just to name a few. You also have the well dressed, the casual, a few seemingly on the low, the jocks, the muscle boys, a smattering of steroid queens, the straights, the mothers with children, a lot gays, straights, twinks, cupcakes and just about whatever other stereotype of a person you might think of.  Though I know it isn't polite to stereotype; please, no flaming. I'm just at a loss to otherwise describe it. One can't help but love a place where you see so many different cultures and so many people from different backgrounds and of different beliefs and value systems all in one place just to enjoy the day, all getting along and all enjoying themselves. The best part is, the feeling of enjoyment is contagious, so you will soon pick up on it too.
For anyone visiting Miami Beach, Lincoln Road is a must stop.  You can spend hours here!  I would recommend arriving an hour before sunset, so you can enjoy a nice drink in one of the many restaurants located on this road.  It's a beautiful sight to see. My best friend and I came here one night and spent about three hours here.  The shops are amazing, but one must be prepared to spend money when they arrive here.  The palm trees are lit up at night and the fountains are really nice.  Great for pictures!  Most of the restaurants have outdoor seating, which is great for those nice summer nights.  My best friend and I grabbed dinner and it was very entertaining watching all the people who come to Lincoln Road. We saw this couple that seriously looked like Barbie and Ken! I wanted to take a picture, but I didn't want to be rude...oh how I regret thee -__-
I love Lincoln Road for many reasons - mostly the restaurants, but also for the movie theatre (our #1 choice) and strolling the walkways. What I don't love is the fact that I end up spending a pretty penny between parking, food, and window shopping.  If you utilize the parking garage, fees can get as steep as $16.  Prices at several restaurants are also inflated, and the tourists can sometimes taint my experience.   But all that doen't affect that I do love to come here!  There are so many places to eat and go to.  Ice cream shops, coffee shops, lounges, fast food and sit down restaurants - Lincoln Road houses an array of hangouts.  And the fact that there's a Steve Madden and a Bebe store here is a plus for me!
Best place for people watching on SoBe. You'll see cross dressers, performance artists, muscle guys, bachelorette parties, cougars on the prowl, you name it. Be very careful where you dine: a lot of tourist traps around. My faves: news cafe, Britto store, and sushi samba
Very trendy and cute place to go for a stroll or some shopping. Great variety of stores, and lots of places to eat. There's a Shake Shack close by too!! Yum!
It's getting way too popular for its own good.... With the huge wintertime crowds, it gets so packed, its just not as enjoyable as it used to be. With the Eastern European girls pressuring you to dine at sub-par restaurants,  chain upon clothing chain opening and driving up rents and driving away local retailers, pets being unsupervised, bikers NOT DISMOUNTING THEIR BIKES weaving through people, a ZERO police or goodwill ambassador presence and the THRONGS of crowds packed into such a small space, I feel Lincoln Road has lost its luster. There are many great things about Lincoln Road, but for some reason it doesn't feel as unique or special anymore although there are a few places left...Books and Books, Baires, Base, that I love. IMO, Espanola way is a much better and less crowded experience.
Where my happiness goes to die. sometimes i totally want to walk around here with my arms wides open and just snatch grab people going around to be like HEY WHERE ARE YOU FROM and why are there so many kids on lincoln road? shouldn't they be in school or something? ugghh also i cannot tell a lie the only thing thats awesome about lincoln road is this one quickstop that sells loosies.
Stating the obvious here, Lincoln Road is a Miami Beach institution. How fortunate are we to have a place like this. I can still remember the first time I was taken there. Freshly arrived in Miami from Chicago and even though I came here a lot for business, I had not discovered this place. It was also at a time when MB was in the early stages of its Renaissance. This place has evolved into a small micro cosmos of shops, dining, people watching, walking, skating, cycling and more. It laissez faire atmosphere gives it a allure that can only happen in a place like South Beach. Lincoln Road is a place to be visited often and it is guaranteed that in the right mindset, you will always have a good experience. Come and bring your friends, good times to be had for sure !
I too, love Lincoln Road. I love the restaurants. I love the outdoor seating. I love the large tree with beautiful flowers [don't know the name]. I love the Apple store. I love their boutiques. I love. I love. I love. I love Lincoln Road. It's a great place to eat, walk around, and now there's a movie theater too! This is a great place to go when the weather is cooler, like during the fall.
Arriving as a future Miami Beach citizen in 1986 I've seen Lincoln Road evolve from little Cubanito cigar stands with santeria goodies replete with tumbleweeds rolling down the mall to it's many incarnations into what is now assuredly the most commercial crass and cheap mercantile imitations of life.  No, not cheap economically, but cheap in the rude obnoxious euro-trash ennui that flood the once tony and avant-garde road with a "can be missed" experience of mall stores and crowds of impressionable wanna-be's.  Because I don't drive or own a car I shop here at times because I have to.  But I don't want to.
There are a lot of bars, restaurants, shops and galleries here but there aren't any public restrooms! I'm not sure how a place that stretches a 1/4 mile or so doesn't provide restrooms to people that aren't going to a bar or restaurant. I asked the mailman and he told me that there weren't any. I guess your only option is sneeking into a restaurant or bar. There are some city parking lots and a little bit of street parking but it's hard to find a spot.
Ok day shopping, but even better cafe-eating, people-watching, bar-lounging exists here. People come here to do just that and to soak in the nice ambiance that surrounds this pedestrian "mall." While some of your shopping needs can be met here, for the rest, you may have to head down Collins Avenue just north of 5th Street. Every tourists should visit Lincoln Road, and every person in Miami should visit it at least once. But since I live in Miami, it can be overwhelming to go there often - it's not a type of place I would go to everyday, simply because it's commercialized, tourist-driven, and made for those who wants to be seen.  It's not easy to find parking out in the streets. Park at the City of Miami Beach's municipal parking garage.
Such an awesome place to hang out for tourists and locals alike.  It features a number of my favorite things - Miami Beach, outdoor shopping, and sidewalk cafes.  What could be better? I've noticed that some Yelpers are upset about the mainstream stores appearing on Lincoln Road (J. Crew, Gap, Banana Republic, etc.).  My advice?  Chill.  There's definitely still a nice mix of the mainstream chains and the hipper, independent boutiques.  If you're a tourist on vacation and you forgot to pack some essentials, it's great to be able to access the more familiar stores (which often have stuff on sale).  It's also nice to explore the shops you've never heard of.  The art galleries add flair, and the buildings throughout are architecturally quite interesting. Of course, the people-watching opportunities here rival that of Ocean Drive.  And you don't have to spend big bucks, either.  Stop for some ice cream or a cool drink at one of the cafes.   Your best bet is parking in the large garage on 17th street.
This place is cool. If you want to just take a stroll after dinner and people watch. BAM you have found it. What I like, is that no matter age, nacionality, money, or walk of life, you can find it here. it is trendy, but not wallet breaking, it has ok restaurants, the shopping is decent, and the atmosphere is for all ages. Where else can you eat, drink, party, shop, drink coffee, people watch, sit down and watch free entertainment, dance, and be 2 block from the beach??? Lincoln Rd... I take all my out of town visitorrs here at least one night. We can spend most of it there and not have to drive all over town. Love a good Sunday early afternoon lunch there. Lazy day? Go chill here...
Shake Shack is here.  What's not to like? The other restaurants are less impressive; especially the pricier ones (e.g., Meat Market, Sushi Samba Dromo, etc.).   It's nice to just walk around here.
I love to come down to this strip to people watch. It is amazing at who and what kinds of people you will run into.  ALLLLLLL KINDS! If you're just board at home and have nothing to do, get dressed, get pretty and drag someone down the Lincoln Road. With so many options...grab some coffee, dessert, or even dinner and sit outside to watch people come on by and stare at your food...OR VICE VERSA...
I love this place! I grew up in SoFla and somehow didn't know that this existed. I came across it with my husband last weekend and we both thought it reminded us of Las Ramblas in Barcelona- which is perfect! Fun for people watching, dining, drinking, shopping. Can't go wrong!
Cute spot to hang out, and eat around for lunch/dinner when trying to tour around the area. I'm glad it is a walking distance away from our hotel and there's always something to do around collin. The lincoln road has an interesting set up. It's an actual street road that they converted into a shopping center where many tourist and people visit in South Miami Beach. Only downside, they don't carry that many stores around. Some are okay, but very limited. You wouldn't find many of the store you are use of seeing in the mall, nor cute boutiques that you usually find. I like to shop, and this place didn't meet my expectation. If I want to shop, I probably rather go somewhere else than here. But if I want to hang out with friends and walk around to sight see just for fun, I don't mind!
While Lincoln Road is great for people watching, I find it to be over run with shops that sell overpriced stuff and restaurants that are sub par at best. In a nut shell, the Hookah places suck (no flavor ), Pizza Rustica is awesome, gelato places are awesome and the people watching is pretty epic! If your looking to take a night off from the clubs, spending it on Lincoln Rd is a great alternative.
Enjoying a walk before the rain comes.  Time for an early lunch.
This place is awesome. A must go in Miami Beach. Nice stores, beautiful people and plenty of tourists from everywhere. Good restaurants and bars as well.
I'm here for a conference staying at the Loews Hotel! Lincoln Road is just right around the corner! Lincoln Road is a street that has been permanently closed off to cars and foot traffic is only allowed. It's similar to 3rd street Promenade in Santa Monica, CA. There are several restaurants, bars, cafes, stores and anything else you can think of! Handsome and I enjoyed this place very much that we are headed back out there again today! Bring your walking shoes and leave your credit card at home! Handsome bought 2 pairs of shoes, two pairs of jeans and a shirt...$700 later not including the food and drink we had....was a costly evening at a FUN place. Can you believe I refrained? Not from my libations though! This is a must see if you're in Miami!
Lincoln Road is pretty much the only show in town if you're visiting South Beach, MIA.  It's filled with great cafes, hookah bars, bars/clubs, shopping & prime space for people watching.  I love the entertainment options here, especially the hookah & tapas bars, as they're great places to lounge & chat.  The shopping options, however, tend to be dismal.  Most of the shops sell cheap beach wear & useless memorabilia. Unfortunately, the SoBe Style now mostly looks like Jersey Shore threw up all over a bad episode of Miami Vice. The ones that don't are generic stores you'd find anywhere like Foot Locker  & Gap.  Regardless, there is no denying the fun factor of strolling down Lincoln. There is still enough here to satisfy almost any demographic and is a must visit if you're ever in the MIA.
This place is cool... If you're from out of town. Other than that. It's a typical mall for us Miamians. I like to go early in the mornings before the tourist wake up and grab breakfast at Van Dykes or late at night for some beer at Zeke's. Other than that, prime time hours are the worst hours!
Who can possibly live in Miami and not go to Lincoln Road on a regular basis? Full of tourists and local residents this place is always a go to in my book. So many shops, restaurants, bars, lounges.. you can possibly never be bored coming here.
One of our favorites......this Pedestrian Mall has the BEST people watching!!.  Some very colorful characters (the dog watching is equally as captivating) including Mimes, clowns, and a 70's boom box disco dancer on roller skates.  The galleries, book stores, shopping and restaurants are all outstanding.   We like to rollerblade, shop, eat and drink, and rollerblade some more.  (the shops and restaurants are very wheel friendly)   Check out the  Van Dyke Cafe for a mojito.    Then we rollerblade down to Ocean Drive and always end up back on Lincoln Road for more visual entertainment.   There is an GREAT flea market every other Sunday  where you can find treasures from vintage to orchids, fabulous jewelry, and locally grown produce.....you name it, Lincoln Road will have it!
Lincoln Road is more than a shopping area. It's the only pedestrian thoroughfare in South Beach. The lush and diverse array of tropical foliage gives it a botanical gardens feel. Splashy fountains stud the strip and add a relaxing tone to the otherwise electric scene of pedestrians, skaters, street performers, joggers, and cyclists. It is touristy. If that's disappointing to you, avoid South Beach altogether. The non-touristy nooks and crannies are few and far between. I enjoy its worldly atmosphere and vibrant energy. Nowhere else on the Beach is Miami's international allure more evident than in the fleeting incomprehensible babble of passers-by and neighboring diners. Browse art, books, furnishings, clothing, perfumes. You can shop for just about anything you can put in a car trunk here but its far from the best shopping in the area--Collins Ave, north of 5th street, is better. The more discerning diners will stay away from Lincoln, as South Beach has a wealth of great restaurants off this strip's radar. That's not to say the food is bad. Menu browse and pick your spot. Trial and error dining is part of the Lincoln Road experience. Nexxt Cafe is good. Great live jazz upstairs in the Van Dyke. Grab a frosty brew at Finnegans or drink a boot of German lager at Hofbrau Munchen Beer Hall. Catch a flick at the neat Regal Cinema building. Eat ice cream at Serendipity. Park in the municipal garage (on 17th street)  behind forever 21. It's cheap and seldom full. Whether on a Sunday morning or tuesday night, Lincoln Road is abuzz.  Go. You're not likely to regret it.
Was here over Thanksgiving weekend, so maybe the human wave was bigger than usual. Stretching about seven blocks from Washington Avenue to Alton Road, this pedestrian mall is ground zero in Miami Beach for locals and visitors alike. All bus routes stop here, and both SOuth BEach and the historic Art Deco District are nearby. A smorgasbord of restaurant choices, including good old Starbucks. A movie theater and many upscale shops here, plus at least one historic house of worship that was grandfathered in. Some daring souls tried to ride their bicycles dodging around all this humanity, kind of fun to watch. THE place to see and be seen on the beach.
Outdoor mall located in the heart of South Beach. They have a zillion and one stores, from high fashion to everyday clothing to souvenir shops. There's also a zillion and one restaurants, bars, ice cream shops and coffee shops. It gets crowded and flooded with people. The restaurants/cafes have outdoor seating, which makes this place the perfect place to people watch!!
Definitely one of the highlights for any visitor, at least in my book. How do I love thee, Lincoln Road? Let me count the ways. It's a lively pedestrian zone in the middle of a very car-oriented city. It's a nice break from the rest of South Beach's non-beach streetscape. While these streets are fun, they also feel like you can't stop anywhere to watch the passing parade without blocking a velvet rope or a mob of shit-faced people heading to a club. It's got a nice mix of shops and restaurants, all of which have outdoor seating. Hallelujah. Finally, it's a better version of Santa Monica's 3rd Street Promenade. That's the obvious comparison, but Lincoln Road is like a bigger version of the promenade with fewer of those annoying street performers and a better mix of locals and tourists. Hell, I'm surprised I didn't complete this review at one of the sidewalk cafes. I would highly suggest any cafe-types skip the News Cafe and park yourself somewhere here instead.
I think the pictures on Yelp make this place look kind of scary but it's actually really amazing!  They have tons and tons and tons of options and cute little open air cafes.  I could have easily spent a whole day here but I was with two fellows so I had to be quick.
This long road is a great place to spend the weekend in Miami and feel the miami vibe/lifestyle.  It is full of restaurants such as sushi samba or doraku, snack shops like laduree, shopping for men and woman from H&m and F21 to 7 of all mankind etc. , art galleries such as the famous britto , etc. Lots to do. The shops are on either side of this road with restaurants mainly having sitting in the middle separating the two sides. Its full of locals and tourists of all ages, and pet friendly! You will see tons of people walking and eating lunch with their dogs outside. I even see some stores are pet friendly and let you go shopping inside with your dog (I saw them at anthropology today). You could spend all day here literally there is just so much to do. You can even stroll over to the beach and lounge around. Plenty of parking choices, I personally park above shake shack (whatever that parking garage is called, its $5 for every hour- and I never have a problem parking there- its safe full of nice cars from mercedes to aston martins.). You will also see a lot of street performers which is cool. Overall, a great place for locals and tourists to spend a nice Miami day at. Everyone should come here at least once.
Parking here is a beast. Drive around for 40 min looking for parking because all the lots were full The street is fun to walk down, and lots of shops you can peruse through. Lots of areas to sit and people watch.
Never a dull moment on Lincoln Road. A variety of shopping and dining to experiences in a unique setting. Something for everyone, day or night. Best bets: Books & Books, DWR, De Leo Restaurant, Segafredo Cafe, Davids Cafe II.
Yeah, coming from Calif, a must visit. Enjoyed strolling thru, some shopping. Leads to he beach, nice sand. Check it out if ur a tourist.
Great people watching and shopping. Anytime is a great time to take a break and stroll down Lincoln Road. They now have an H & M and Forever 21 store. Lots of cool shops and dining indoors or outdoors. If visiting Miami, you definately have to come and spend half  a day.
My fiance and I were in Miami Beach for a week. We are from the east coast, Nova Scotia, Canada. Lincoln Rd is a DREAM COME TRUE!! SO many amazing stores, restaurants and people.  We felt so great walking Lincoln Rd every night of our stay. The food it great, the people are great and the shopping is to die for! It's a must when on vacation!!
This is a great business manifestation of the SoBe. Even if you don't intend on shopping, you should walk around and window shop and people watch. Friends from out of town always enjoy spending some time here
OK
Yay! I'm a fan because I WORK HERE!!! I won't tell you where... you stalker. But I love walking acrosse the road and saying hi to other workers and looking at the people walking in my city. best part about it, it's never empty. Rain or no rain, it's Miami.
I really like this place! 1st time here and I think I'll come back here more and more with each visit. Plenty of eating and shopping! Great place to come to and never knew about it. They also have the farmer's market in the very front which is cool too bc I had a stove in my hotel I could of went grocery shopping!
What can I say about Lincoln road. Well I do love the atmosphere and just the whole miami life. There its so much to do here its a great day or night out. Its has all the best shops to choose from including restaurants. If your needing a nice place to come and walk, shop, eat or just to get out this might want to be on your list.
WORLD CLASS PEOPLE WATCHING - WINDOW SHOPPING. This is always a fun place to hang out and stroll. Best locals restaurant: Books & Books. Best view: Juvia (rooftop). Watch out for all the tourist restaurants with sexy hostesses in front, and use your Yelp!
Besides maybe SF, NY, Chicago and Boston there are few cities in the U.S. who have happening street scenes and/or outdoor natural looking (not fake) pedestrian malls/streets that are common in most mid to large euro cities. This place is one of them.  That's what's cool about Miami beach.  It has got three totally different hang out/shopping/people watching experiences on the same island: bal harbour shops a the north end-an open air corporate high end shopping mall, ocean drive a happening beachside street and sidewalk scene and Lincoln road an open air pedestrian mall in the heart of the city. Def. worth checking out. The vibe changes as the day/night progresses. Was here during the film fest and the energy was amazing.  Amazing place-- especially by U.S. sunbelt city standards.
Great place to people watch and just take in South Beach. Plenty of boutiques and places to eat. IL Bognese and Sushi Samba are good places to eat.
How can you not love this outdoor pedestrian mall? So much going on here all the time. Great restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and most of all: Great people watching.
This place reminds me of Santa Monica's Third Street Promenade. Lots of stores for you window shop (or do some actual shopping) and plenty of people to satisfy your people watching need. There are tons of restaurants for you to grab a bite to eat while sitting outdoors and being right in hustle and bustle of this pedestrian mall. Or you can opt for the Farmer's Market booths, where they serve fresh juice for you right on the spot. Definitely stop by if you're in the neighborhood :)
People watching, shopping, and the weekend farmers market are all good reasons to come here. I really enjoying walking or getting a drink here. Most of the restaurants are garbage, there are few and far between most of these establishments, but its better quality than Ocean drive!
A must if you go to Miami.
Lincoin Road. What can I say? By a local natives perspective there are many interesting shops to browse and a great location to open a business catered to tourists. Something I  hope to do. Lincoin road, is a mix of those who work in Miami from South or Latin America and many tourist alot of wealthy european and south/central american. There are wierd and crazy outfits people wear. Some I suppose are the tourists and their ecccentric style. Some are just the crazy crack heads in Miami. There are also the wannabe model type peoples and body builder jocks who think they are the greatest (laughs). OH..., don't forget this place is the best for gay men. It is heaven for them. If you are not a gay man or a girl looking to shop or a curious tourist don't bother to go.Thanks for reading
Hidden gem by the south beach. Must visit!!! Don't forget to take a walk especially at evening.
I gone on dates here - with friends - with kids - it's a one stop shop of anyone's liking. If you are in Miami it's a must see - must walk - up an down - I think the only cuisine it lacks is Indian food... Day or night - Lincoln Road is always the place to see and to be seen...
A must stop when you visit South Beach! There are tons of shops and restaurants on Lincoln Road. We spent half of the day leisurely walking around and stopping in numerous shops. I had to stop at Tasti D Lite for a snack and then for lunch we found a great Italian place. Lincoln Road is a must if you go to Miami!! There is something for everyone. :)
Yup, all that and a big bag of unbroken baked bbq chips!!!  Its as good as it gets cuz its got everything - and I mean E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!!!!  You will not find the food deals you find on Ocean here - but that's ok because by the time you pay between $6 to $40 for your single drink on Ocean - you probably would have preferred to go to Lincoln instead.  Enjoy!!!
lincoln road is the perfect place to spend a lazy day which can easily turn into night. the hours just fly by while sitting there having drinks and people watching... there are restaurants and cafes, shops and galleries, nightlife and a movie theater. they have a market on the weekends. day or night its filled with hustle and bustle. its one of my favorite things to do on a day off or take out of town guests.
Nothing is the U.S. compares to Lincoln Road on a nice sunny, cool afternoon. Check out Lincoln Road on Sundays when they have the farmers market, and the antique show. This is probbaly one of my favorite places in the world. The shops that ALL alllow your dog inside. There are probably 100 places to eat, or get coffee, dessert, gelato, ice cream, frozen yogurt. Nothing beats the people watching on Lincoln Road. Let me tell you this is the best free entertainment one can get !
Basically this is the premier shopping  and nightlife district for miami beach, minus the increasingly unclean bum infested washington blvd.Nice place for window shopping, get a movie or stroll into some art galleries  or grab a bite.I advise walking the whole strip up to alton road. The alton road part of lincoln road has recently been redeveloped , they have nice little ponds with pygmy sharks.
We've come to South Beach several times and Lincoln Road is fun and full of choices. People say it's touristy, but we are tourists. Good food, lush plant life, great photo taking, and fun to people watch.
Alot of the stores are out of my budget, but Lincoln Road was great for people watching and window shopping. I oogled over the abundance of cute dogs. I even saw a Siberian Husky inside one of the stores! I love that there was Jonathan Adler store here too. I bought a doggy tee-shirt at the American Apparel and perused the Apple Store.  Hubby and I walked Lincoln Road end to end pretty swiftly due to time constraints but I had a blast nonetheless.
I love Lincoln Road. Its such  nice place to hang out. They are pet friendly, they have great shops and restaurants, and a huge movie theater. Everything is out in the open air. It is very well kept. Its great to stroll around and see everything it has to offer.
Lincoln Road is a great place to people watch and that is it. Although there a couple of nice places to eat and shop, it is, by and large, mediocre restaurants with hostess accosting you in order to *entice* you to eat at the restaurant. If they only knew that most people really dislike the pressure. In reference to the stores, there are only a handful of independent funky stores still there. You see will the usual "chains", Gap, Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret, but the original feel and flavor of a Bohemian and funky place is long gone. However, I will say if you are a tourist and/or have out-of-town guests, I would definitely go there. That is the only reason LR didn't get one star. Best spots to eat - Balans, da Leo's, Pasha's, Quattro, World Resources, Meat Market, Tiramisu and Spris. All in all Miami Beach is not what is used to be. If it weren't for the actual beach, I am not sure too many people would go.
This place has a lively vibe where plenty of outdoor seatings from the restaurants.  Then it's also a good place to people watch while sitting down having a drink.
This is one of my favorite parts of the whole Miami area. Sure, is is crowded, noisy, filled with people who do not know where they are going, filled with over priced stores and over priced restaurants, but that is Miami!   Coming here is an odd type of fun. Just walking through the crowds, getting coffee at one of three Starbucks, going to the dentist, having ice cream, avoiding cigars my friends smoke, it is all part of a fun way to spend a short time.  Stopping at the out door seating areas of the bars and restaurants makes for some of the best people watching in all of Florida if not the south east. The road runs from the intercostal all the way over to the beach, and is a pedestrian zone most of the way; a perfect way to stroll across the island.  On your way back make sure you side track over to Espanola way, a smaller, quainter commercial street with outdoor restaurants and cute stores. Early in the morning (before 9 at the latest) the Lincoln road is empty and a nice addition to a long run.
This is such a tourist trap! if you are going to lincoln road as a local is cause you live near and ur are going to the food market on sundays or maybe to people watch in one of the 3 decent restaurants (yes, i said 3!) everything else is just overpriced. the parking is complicated and if it rains run for your life.... in other news, its the place to be on Halloween!
One slice is great for sharing. I just tried the eggplant and goat cheese pizza and I am a fan! Kudos for the Lincoln location because they let me sit inside (AC land) with my dog since it felt like 200 degrees outside.
What more is there to say? It's Lincoln Road-beautiful people, models and gay men. The restaurants are only okay but the people watching can't be beat. The ocean at the end is stunning and walking around all the shops are great.
This area is definitely on par with Santana Row of San Jose and the 3rd St Promanade of Santa Monica. Lincoln Road of SoBe definately has all the shops and restaurants you want to check out. This is definitely a spot to check out if your a tourist like me if your in the South Beach area along with of course Ocean Ave and the beach out here.
Nice outdoor mall to stroll through but limited store selection so if you want to "shop-shop" I suggest you go elsewhere. This place has plenty of restaurants and bars if you're looking for a place to eat and drink.
Do the Ocean Drive thing once because you have to, but stay on Lincoln Ave. Much better food, shopping, and people watching!
Reminds me of a smaller version of 3rd Street Promenade in Santa Monica.  Lined up with scores of restaurants, bars, and shops, I'm sure you're bound to find something to indulge in.   You can find a farmer's market on weekends, entertainment  during the day and night.  Diverse array of restaurants, Thai, Japanese, Cuban, you name it.  There's even a movie theater there.  It's only 2 blocks away from South Beach.
Definitely THE place to people watch. Lots of shops, food places, and people if you don't mind the crowds, and to sober up if you just had Happy Hour at Doraku. A nice little strip to walk around and enjoy the hustle and bustle of South Beach.
I'm from California and I was looking for a street full of unique shops-- I was definitely wrong. This is full of your typical shops you would find in a mall...
Great place to people watch, eat and shop.
It is starting to get too corporate and seems like a bit more of a mall now. It still has some treasured original Miami Restaurants and great art center. This is an amazing place to walk without worry of being run over. Grab lunch or dinner on this road and you won't regret it.
This place is host to such great places! Yummy restaurants, great great stores, a place where you can watch Miami's finest act like fools
Favorite "mall" in all of Miami Dade. You will NEVER find better people watching than Lincoln road. Awesome selection of stores with a Macy's one block away. Some of the best places for lunch and brunch in miami beach. pet friendly and wonderful atmosphere!
A guy in a Speedo, roller blades and nothing else glides by as I sip on a cafe con leche...need I say more? THE place to people watch...and, shop if you can wrench yourself away from the show.
The best part of visiting Miami Beach (or South Beach) was walking through the beautifully laid out, outdoor Lincoln Road Mall.  Not only could you shop the many stores or stop by for a drink at one of the many bars and restaurants lining this road, it was a great place to take in the South Beach scene and do some people watching.  Definitely will be back for some shopping if I'm ever back in the area!
First trip in a long time but this time I really walked the entire strip and I figured out what type of people come here first you have the shoppers there are more than enough shops on lincoln road that you can spend your hard earned money on some over priced goods. secondly there's the obvious tourist they are just amazed in being on south beach so they are going to stand out and they will spend money like spoiled trust fund kids. Then you have the the nosey people you know the ones who say they like to "people watch" I never understood what that meant but if thats what you like lincoln road has an abundance of people to watch. But truly this is a very nice place has plenty to do just make sure you have on some good walking shoes ladies
Best place to grab a drink then take a stroll with your dog to pick up girls.
Great place to shop, dine, catch a movie, walk the dogs, or people watch - day or night.  Lincoln Road offers pretty much whatever you are in the mood for...
The best place in Miami to people watch. On a recent Monday evening, I observed numerous very attractive ladies, most accompanied, some not, dressed in fashionable lightweight summer garb.  What impresses me the most is the overall attractiveness of foreign tourists, at least on Lincoln Road, as compared to the average American counterpart.  Unsightly tatoos, body piercings, and obesity for that matter is largely absent among the Europeans and S. Americans.  Just my observation.
The stores are overpriced & nothing stands out as special. Tourist trap just to get people to spend money. There's better stuff to do in SoBe!
Best PEOPLE WATCHING spot EVER!  Parking is a bit steep and hard to come by but oh so worth it.  I always wanted to see the Miami pretty and not so pretty peeps and Memorial weekend was perfection.  I love Miami!
Lincoln road is a 5 star for several reasons. Great restaurants up and down the road and most of them have outdoor seating.  There are so many weird people on Lincoln that it is great to people watch.  The shops are alright, nothing like a big mall like aventura or anything, but cool little hip shops.  Everyone needs to experience a day if not more on Lincoln to get the experience of it.
Right in the heart of South Miami Beach, a pedestrian mall along an eight blocks stretches containing bars, shops, hotels and restaurants. Great place to hang out during the day or night. Do some shopping, grab a bite and watch the world go by.
If your in Miami it's a must go too... food, wine and beautiful people. Place to see and be seen!
If you want to experience and see every type of person there is in Miami, all you have to do is take a walk down Lincoln Road. Its a great place to go for anything and everything. This place has great restaurants, lounges, and bars for every taste and style. Just sitting in one of these restaurants, lounges, or bars you will have an awesome time just people watching. I have always had a fun time when walking down this strip and I recommend it to anyone who has not gone or is visiting Miami.
A lot of everything and great people watching.
Love this place. It only got better after the new parking structure (by Herzog and De Meuron for the fellow architects and enthusiasts) in front of Lincoln Theater was built. The plaza is so beautiful, the shoppes are amazing, the environment is inviting, interesting, sometimes casual and sometimes elegant. It's really up to you. Best place to people watch. Period.
I love coming here. When here, I look forward to three things: food, drinks and people watching. There are so many restaurants to choose from, it can be overwhelming. Anything from the nice & elegant, to quick & easy. There are plenty of places to get that drink on. One of my favorites is Zeke's. And last, but certainly not least, the people watching. In the middle of the play area next to Nexxt Cafe, the local stripper pole dance studio was giving demonstrations on how to work the pole. I was very happy I caught the show.      :^)
Lincoln Road is a great place to hang out with friends, wander aimlessly, grab a drink or a great meal or go shopping!  We love it, especially with Art Basel coming up Dec. 6-9
Cool spot
Great place to walk ,shop , eat, and people watch. A must place to go eveything jammed in one place. I can live here .
Still the best place to go to do a little shooping.eat and have a couple of drinks
The most interesting people watching spot in Florida!
This outdoor mall lends to the encapsulation of South Beach. I strolled through on my first night in town and at various times thereafter. Locals and tourists alike congregate here at all hours because Lincoln Road Mall offers something for everyone: dining, retail, bars, clubs and galleries. Although I missed them, I found out that farmers and collectibles markets are also held there. Visit SeeSaveSavor.com for more.
Lincoln Road is Miami Beach's de-facto town square. It's where tourists and locals alike go to shop, eat, and socialize. It's stretches about 6-7 blocks from Ocean Drive heading west towards Alton. It's a nice mix of small boutiques, big chain stores, art shops, restaurants, and bars. All surrounded by lush palm trees and public art. It's typically Miami. Just note that street parking will be tough so unless you have a resident pass you will probably have to park in the garage. And most restaurants already charge a tip, so remember to look at the bill before paying. It get's pretty busy on Friday and Saturday nights and again all day on Sunday. No stop to Miami is complete without a trip to Lincoln Road at some point. Just remember to bring your walking shoes and wallet.
nice outdoor shopping mall with lots of eating choices (with outdoor seating of course) but average stores.
Lincoln Road is not what it used be, that is both good AND bad. On the one hand, it is fuller, more active, more occupied spaces, on the other, it has lost, and is fast losing, the funkyness that made it hip in the first place( as is South Beach in general due to its ongoing and constant persecution of the gay community or condoning those who do ) Who ever thought the Gap would open in South Beach? That presence pretty much spells the END of cool for the region..at least until its next transformation...whenever that may happen. However, to those coming from OUTSIDE...SoBe will remain the epitome of cool, even if it is now in the hands of mass retailers and large scale developers.
I love this place.  Its so relaxing and I get to see so many different types of people.  I believe this mall has the most weirdest people of all malls.  And trust me I go to malls all over the would.  I definately love this place and can't wait to go back!
Lincoln road is a great place to shop and hang out.  There is a huge variety of restaurants, the movie theater is nice and if you are in the mood for shopping you can find just about anything.
Lincoln Road is one of the gems in Miami/Miami Beach that is truly unique to this city.  In the daytime this is a great place to come and have breakfast or lunch in a relaxed, outdoor setting where you can sit outside, read, chat, people watch and take in the sights, do some shopping and find everything from clothing and shoes to nutrition and drug stores to souvenir shops, luggage and furniture. Plenty of restaurants and little cafes to fit any mood or appetite. At night, this place really comes alive, especially on the weekends. Again, great bars and restaurants for dinner, most stores remain open until late, there is a cinema and a few places to check out live performances and again, this area is great for people watching and there are several local characters who come here to sell their wares or to perform along Lincoln Road. Always a good mix of people both young and old and from all walks of life, and always a few on rollerblades and skateboards showing off their bodies (whether they should or not). One thing I always liked about Lincoln Road is that you can show up here as a couple or with a group, not plan ahead and usually always find something to do or see or somewhere to eat, as there truly is something here to fit any appetite, food preference, taste in music, mood, etc. You can even start off here and walk to the far end and have a romantic walk along the beach if that's what you're in the mood for, or move to Espanola way, Ocean Drive or any of the other areas which are nearby to Lincoln. As one other reviewer stated, parking can be one drawback here. There is some street parking to the sides of Lincoln Rd., but some is for local residents only. If you do park at a meter, know that they do come often to ticket expired meters or expired parking tags and aren't afraid to tow if you're parked illegally. There are a few parking garages adjacent to Lincoln Road, but some will cost you nearly $20 to park on the weekend. Aside from the parking, which isn't a major concern if you know where to go, Lincoln Road is great.
its ok. one thing i dislike... walk through lincoln road during lunch time and collect seven hundred flyers from all the restaurants located here. some of these restaurants are good. some of them are tourist traps. do people really need a pizza rustica flyer? oh they have pizza, salads and subs. how unique! theres no way im going to remember that.
Even if you can't afford shopping or eating at Lincoln Road, you've gotta love it.  Even if the hoardes of tourists get to you, you gotta love it.  Even if you hate having to dodge rollerbladers while you walk, you gotta love it.  The area from Alton Road to the Beach on Lincoln Road is a fabulous place to take a stroll.  They have many outdoor restaurants, art galleries, clothing shops, and pizza stops.  The environment can't be beat.  I went yesterday for the first time in four years and loved the fact that the rest of the country was in freezing cold weather but I was walking along Lincoln Road looking at all the beautiful people not wearing much at all, strolling through a tropical climate toward a beach.  Pizza Rustica is an awesome place to stop if you're hungry.  Check out the art galleries because some of them are very good and cutting edge.  I used to come to the Regal Cinemas there and it was a nice place to go.  The only problem is the parking.  I like finding a spot on the side of Alton Road and then just walking.   Lincoln Road is unique and truly a Miami treasure and I'll quickly recommend anyone to check it out at least once..
lincoln road is my favorite sunday "getaway" there is no shortage of beautiful people to watch... want itlian food?? you've got options... want sushi?? doraku, sushi siam, and sushi samba.... want beer?? you've got zekes... want a mixed drink??? you've got 100 bars... got a dog? bring him along, they have dog bowls of water outside of books and books, balans, ricky's nyc, nespresso, and score (just to name a few)... extremely dog friendly!! i take leo with me every time i go... he's quite popular among the lincoln road regulars... want lunch for under 20 dollars?? pizza rustica... a killer mojito?? yuca... hookah?? d'vine lounge... wanna watch the game?? polar bar, finnigans, van dykes, etc... feel like catchin a flick?? you've got a movie theater... want a caramel frap?? there are 27 starbucks all within one mile of each other... (give or take)... want chocolate? ghirardelli... need a watch?? the swatch store is there... need a halloween costume, some hair products or a wig, and a new toy to bring into the bedroom? ricky's nyc is at your service... want to go to a sunday mass? there's even a church!! lincoln road is littered with anything and everything you could possibly want or need... if people watching is your favorite sport (as it is mine), you'll LOVE what you see here... there's ALWAYS parking at the garage across the street from the convention center... and it's pretty reasonably priced... if you're lucky, you'll catch a glimpse of the extremely tan man that's always wearing a thong, his bicycle helmet and nothing else, but he's never riding the bike... just walking alongside it...hahaha   another favorite of mine... the lady that walks up to everyone with a dog to warn them about the possible distemper your pup can catch from drinking out of the community bowls... this strip is so jam packed with character, it's hard not to love SOMETHING about it... not in the mood for anything in particular?? you've got a nice little grassy area right between nexxt cafe and pizza rustica where you can just sit and exist... there's also a nice always breezy courtyard area just before you get to alton road... i go to lincoln road almost every weekend... by myself with my pooch..and am NEVER bored... and when all else fails.... you're just a hop, skip and a jump away from being able to squish your toes in south beach sands.
Really helpful
Does anyone know if the African Soap/Shea butter man will mail items to Canada? I visited Miami in May 2011 and fell in love with Lincon Road as well as the shea butter. I've run out of shea butter and I badly want to order it somehow. If someone can get back to me I would really appreciate it. Weather is extremely cold and dry here in Calgary Alberta and I need my shea fix!
great people watching.
Lincoln road is a main area for tourists and locals to people watch. I do warn that there are many tourist trap restaurants there, but thats why you use yelp. The newly opened rio station is a great place to try over 200 beers and prices are relatively cheap. There is a great framing store on michigan avenue with friendly staff. Finnegans is a nice bar to catch a game with friends for a drink and wings. Some restauarants are tourist traps such as Yuca, do not eat there. There are many shoe stores and clothing stores, Aldo, Steve Madden, Penguin, etc.. Mostly us locals go there to grab some sushi at Doraku, wings and beer at Finnegans, or a drink and people watch at Segafredo's. This area is good for somethings and bad for others. Like i said mainly go for a few drinks and to people watch, there are other good places to check out such as Serendipity 3 (chicken and waffles) and Cafe Paul. Just look and check on yelp to see what you can find. Also check out Juvia and the regal movie theater.
as a local i tend to not like going where all the tourists are.  i get the feeling that everyone on lincoln road...ocean and espanola way are trying way too hard.  they all want to be seen and see and be odd in some way.  it appeals to the europeans as its very similar to what they have in europe for shopping and restaurants.  the eating spots tend to be a bit rude by inviting you in like you dont have a clue about deciding where to eat on your own. i dont like this pushy stuff. stores are all the ones you've seen before.  i guess once you go two times you've seen it all. parts of the mall are a bit shady and dirty looking.  not as busy and cool as ocean but whose looking for that anyway.
best place to shop and experience food on south beach. yes it is very touristy but this is the place to go if you are new to south beach
This shopping area has a nice vibe, its relaxing just to walk down the street surrounded by beautiful palm trees. There are some nice shops, but I think its more fun to just order a drink and a snack at a cafe and just people watch and enjoy the scenery.
PRETTY PEOPLE The idea of an exclusive pedestrian street mall will not be exclusively Miami Beach's. Plans have been approved to replicate several more pedestrian malls as part of the massive redevelopment project within Miami's Park West district. Killer hurdle is funding it. So... Don't hold your breath. You don't have go back too far to recall those days when Lincoln Road was quite the opposite and doing  business was a losing proposition. Now that it's such a thriving sucess, the independent business operators are being forced out one by one by big name corporate tenants willing to pay the reach for the sky rates and absorb hundreds of thousands of dollars for leasehold improvements. Obviously it's a matter of time before the little independent specialty stores will eventually vanish into thin air. If you don't mind walking slowly and never in a straight line for any great distance, you've come to the right mall. Plenty of fresh air and almost a guaranteed opportunity to continue working on that tan. Restaurant's on both sides of the mall with lots of shaded patio tables to sit and gaze at all the pretty people.
What a great spot to hang out to do some shopping. This is a must when you go to Miami. Basically an outdoor shopping area that goes on for miles (no not really), but it does seem like a long ways! The plaza is huge and tons of eateries and shopping. I love the outdoor patios! All the restaurants in Miami have some sort of outdoor patio and I love the people watching. The service can be shady at times, but it's worth just sit and stare at people. You get some oddities when you're walking around the mall, too. VERY INTERESTING!!! When it's tourist season, the mall can get very crowded and crazy. To be expected.
This mall reminds me a lot of the 3rd street Promenade in Santa Monica.  It's outdoors and it takes over what would have been a street is now a pedestrian plaza for several blocks along Lincoln Road (Between 17th and 16th) from Alton to Washington this outdoor shopping area is both sides of the plaza. Much like other shopping areas in Miami this is outdoors.  The space between the plaza has restaurants, fountains and other businesses.  Some cafes like Paul have their store as part of the building but the tables are on the plaza. This is a very busy and lively part of Miami beach and the parking in and around this area can be a chore.  It's quite a bit of a hike from South Beach and many of these places to eat I would imagine would still want you to not  come without a shirt.  There are some really nice places to eat along the plaza. At night the restaurants have their own lighting and it's quite nice.  It can be quite a crowded place though.  Even the Starbucks can be very full.
This is equivalent to 5th Ave in NYC. Only except you'll have people in tank tops and skimpy outfits all season long. There are restaurants located in the center of the road. Shopping all around with powerful AC provided. It's only several blocks away from Ocean Drive and meets Washington blvd where many other restaurants are. If you want shopping, walking around, sweet treats or just looking at beautiful people, Lincoln road is the place to be. What makes it even better is the fact that there are no cars or traffic. Grab a drink, buy some clothes and just people watch. I thought it was better than Ocean drive.
When I stumbled upon this outdoor strip mall while vacationing in Miami I wasn't expecting it to be this nice or at some smaller boutiques, so expensive. This is a pretty nice mix of typical stores you would find in your local mall and some higher end smaller shops. Plenty of places to wine and dine along your walk down this strip that seems to extend forever. They even had a Tesla store which was pretty cool. Fun way to kill a couple hours.
Everything you  can ask for here shopping for clothes a movie theater restaurants and a great atmosphere great for familys and couples. 5 STARS
Love the atmosphere on Lincoln Rd...Its great for shopping, to dine, or just people watch. Great little hangout
Coming from MN I will say I was surprised how awesome the mall is, I know I can't believe I'm saying this but it was so awesome specially at night. My hubby and I came in the afternoon by accident it was pretty cool a lot if shops, restaurants. But when we came at night I was a whole different world. They had live music! People having a good time , we actually went to a couple bars and had drinks and we shared apps, oh and did I mention they close the bars at 5am? That unheard of in MN lol needless to say I want to move to Miami :/.
This is probably the best place to people watch in all of South Florida. There is a ton of tourists and a variety of locals hanging out here. It is the perfect place to kick back at a restaurant and watch the world go by. There are no cars on Lincoln Road, which makes it an easy shopping area to get around. Now I don't consider Lincoln Road a mall, but more a shopping and dinning street. There is a mix of local and national brand stores here. Plus lots of restaurants in the area with sidewalk seating, including Nespresso. There are also street artists at times, which adds to the vibe here. A lot of parking in the area both lots, garages, and street parking. So far I haven't had any trouble finding parking in the area.
Heaven on earth I tell you. Beautiful people, my favorite outlets and hookah lounges ??! Does it get any better ?
Love coming here on the weekend. This place has everything. It has great restaurants, movie theaters, shops, and its close to the beach. The only negative is the parking. I almost always just park in the garage for convenience and to avoid the headache of driving around forever looking for a better spot. Some of my fav spots are H&M, Forever 21, Nexxt Cafe, and Pizza Rustica just to name a few.
Walking outdoors with no cars. Beautiful palm trees and fountains. Many outdoor restaurants and cafes. Many stores(not all Vuittons....) i hope some local stores remain and not all national brands - but that will be tough as rents are off the charts... People watching. Movie theaters and a great bowling alley. I wish every city had a pedestrian street or area like this. A must if you have never been here!
Ah, Lincoln. I never considered it a mall at all. To me growing up, its the nightly walk I took when at my parents house. They live right at the beginning of the "mall" which is just a pedestrian only walkway, cobblestones, with shops and restaurants all along it. Most of the stores are overpriced, though they new 3 story H&M helps, the restaurants are mostly tourist traps, in fact this is probably the place that most tourists are at. Though I prefer to dine and shop elsewhere while in South Beach, I still enjoy the people watching here and just sitting back with some coffee or gelato, it brings back memories and makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Parking is a pain, you WILL get towed QUICK, don't bother trying to get out of paying to park. I recommend Macy's or in the residental area, though there are pay lots for about $5-$10 around.
This is one of my favorite spots in all of Miami, especially on the many days of the year when we are graced with beautiful weather. There are garages and lots nearby, and I tend to either park in the garage next to Lucky Strike or the parking lot across from said garage, unless I'm going to a different area of the mall. This pedestrian mall runs east-west across the island of Miami Beach, and ends near the Ritz Carlton at the beach. It's one of my favorite things to eat somewhere along the road, and then walk down to the beach afterwards since it's so close! There are stores and restaurants on either side of the road, with fountains, benches, and landscaping in between either side of the road. Almost every restaurant has outdoor seating, which is the best kind. On weekends the tables outside are packed and perfect for people watching, plus you can enjoy the beautiful Miami weather. This is a really nice place to come with a group or on a date, and it's fun to just stroll up and down the mall even if you don't have a plan. There are also some great stores if you feel like shopping (H&M recently opened, but even better there are boutiques), tons of restaurants (Doraku, Sushi Samba, Serendipity, Cafe at Books & Books are quite popular but there are probably 100 more), and of course, dessert (The Frieze, Kilwin's, and Haagen Dazs - to name a few). The vibe is completely different if you come during the day, for lunch or an afternoon stroll, and if you come at night....but both are pretty great for people watching, and the beach is beautiful and peaceful at night.
Lively at night. Lots of good shops. Lots of people. Downside: SMOKING.
Lincoln Road Mall is an outdoor mall between 16th and 17th Streets in South Beach.  There are a lot of very good restaurants and very good shopping in this area.  If you have a Nespresso machine, you can buy pods at the Nespresso store.  I prefer parking at the Parking Garage at Pennsylvania and Lincoln Lane.  Reasonable rates; last time I parked there a Maserati parked next to me. Lots of clothing shops for those who like to browse; 3 Starbucks for those who like coffee; and everything else you might want to see.
Hadn't been here in over 10 years, and let me start off by saying, WOW.. What a difference a decade makes. Lot of new additions, some sad goodbyes, but overall, very nice.  I love how diverse everyone in this strip mall are.. We loved just walking around and enjoying the sights. You can pretty much do anything here from eating a nice breakfast ,to a quick lunch or a romantic dinner.
Loved visiting this outdoor mall. You are walking down a street and invited to go to go shopping in clothing stores and eat or dine outdoor. They have a variety of entertainment each way you go... whether it be a farmers market to a rustic clothing boutique. It is very nice and not too far from the beach.
It's a great place to stroll with friends, go window shopping and see and be seen.  There are many spots to eat, different prices and cuisines.  It's unfortunate that Ghirardelli closed. It was a fun and delicious place to go for ice cream. Every time I go to Miami a stroll through Lincoln Road is a must. 12/23/13
I didn't expect to love a mall but we loved this strip of restaurants and shops! It's really lively and fun at night. It has a great mix of stores. The koi ponds were also fun! Parking is pretty cheap in the garage by H&M ($1/hr) but the one on the opposite side was a flat $20. There is also metered parking too. On Sundays there is a farmers market.
If you're looking for a good laugh, this is the place to go, especially at night.  Look out for the douchebags begging the girls for some of their time (aka "let's get laid"), or the girls barely able to balance on 6 inch stilettos, men walking around in boas, people showing off their colorful tattoos and piercings...There are street performers, people who might as well be performers based on their outlandish attire, and some interesting eateries, in addition to a couple of nightclubs and the one sight that truly looks out of place: a white church in the middle of it all.  This is what makes it cool though, where else will you be able to see so many different styles and attires coming together and being deemed acceptable?   Interesting fact: Lincoln Road at night is VERY different than it is in the daytime.  If you want to find families, more traditional-looking people and dressed down crowds in shorts and flip-flops, then come in the daytime.  You may find people walking around in bikinis and this is not at all frowned upon, so don't think you'll be denied service -- it's a common sight. I especially like the little pond areas with koi, lily pads and grasses off of the intersection with Alton.  It's very pretty and fits in well with the modern concept.  The parking garage right by the mall is expensive, but aesthetically pleasing.  There are other parking garages nearby that are affordable, though.  One of the drawbacks is that being an outdoor mall and our Sunshine State being more of a Rainfall Out Of Nowhere State, you may find yourself getting drenched and not able to find shelter.  Keep an umbrella handy or check the weather before heading over.
Lincoln Road is where people-watching was invented. There's nowhere else where you can see a stranger collection of people while sipping a cortadito in the sunshine. Period. Lincoln Road was historically where all the fancy ladies hit the high end shops in the 50's and 60's. It became a crack den in the 70's and 80's, and the 90's saw the renaissance of Miami Beach fueled by Gianni Versace, supermodels and the millionaires that love them. Nowadays this renaissance is going through a second phase: it has since become a pedestrian mall (meaning no cars), but the increasing real estate prices are pushing out boutique-y beach shops and turning this place into another kind of mall: the big, suburban kind with Gap and Victoria's Secret and Williams Sonoma. Who the he shops for baking tools on the beach? Nevertheless, Lincoln Road has come full circle and is now the 5th Avenue of Miami Beach. Some perennial favorites include Balans, Books and Books (which I call Books y Books), and the Van Dyk cafe which is sadly closing up shop. Like all of the beach, Lincoln Road is constantly in transition, but embrace it. You'll never see the same places and faces on Lincoln Road twice.
Busking is the old art of playing music in the streets for money. It is an art and I love it when people can actually do it and make money at it. This area is very lively and reminds me of city centers of Europe.  Lots of people, stores, restaurants and bars.
Shopping, Window Shopping, Eating, Walking, Watch People walk by, are some of the many activities you can do while in Lincoln Road.  I would say the stores in Lincold Road are pretty unique.  Stores like Nesspresso, Anthropologie, Bookstores, Shops... have a certain different flavor to regular stores.  I only wonder what is the amount of traffic Lincoln Road gets.  People eating, sitting, shopping, it's alway nice to hang around and watch people pass by.  It's definitely a place NOT to miss when in Sobe!!! Happy shopping and watching people!!
So, I had never been to Miami Beach before, and stayed in the south-side closer to Ocean and 6th. It was kind of underwhelming for me down there, and saw this place on Yelp, so I decided to walk the town, and ended up here. Wasn't sure that a shopping center (outdoor pedestrian mall) would be high on my list of places to go, but this most definitely is more than a shopping center/pedestrian mall. It's a social center of activity, a tourist destination, a high-end shopping haven (for all you shoppers out there!), a historical architectural discrict, AND one of the best people-watching venues that I have ever been to. This place actually has some historical significance in that it was developed early on in the 1920s as a shopping destination in and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It used to be open to vehicular traffic, and was re-developed in the 1960s as a pedestrian mall. A great place to take photographs of local everyday life and some architectural gems. I pretty much avoided the over-crowded restaurants, went to a coupla of the stores, but mostly just walked. I actually came back at night to go to the movies (Regal Cinemas) here, and it was just as crowded after dark as it was in the daylight! The only possible downside is that it gives you a good slice Miami Beach life, but only the high-end life, but of course, the stores don't cater to the demographich of the rest of Miami Beach. Not saying it in a bad way at all. Cities naturally have different socio-economic classes, but most esp, this place reminds me of Southern California in that it is a place of "haves" and the "have-nots" in which people have money, or they don't, or if you don't, then there is that implied and silent pressure to "make it" like everyone else. For this reason, I was happy that I walked here from South Pointe just to see a good representation of Miami Beach, and to end up here and just sit and bask in the glow of the sun. I envision that whoever you are in Miami Beach, you just wear your Sunday best, take a stroll down Lincoln Rd, and you get seen where you wanna be seen!
A unique mall spanning several city blocks in the heart of Miami.  Dozens of shops, boutiques, and restaurants to satisfy any shopper's needs, whether it's high-end or mid-range, they've got it. When the weather is nice, it just feels great to hang out in the Florida sun while taking in the city. Free street parking is extremely limited, so plan on paying for a lot or garage.
Such a wonderful spot to walk around, shop, or both! The place has some good restaurants, but beware of the many restaurants that try to grab you and bring you in to their place. If your restaurant is so good, then you shouldn't have to panhandle pedestrians for biz! Lots of great stores- anthropologie, victoria secret, lacoste, the BEST forever 21, H&M, etc. My favorite eating spots are Books and Books, shake shack, and the Dilido beach club at the ritz carlton.
I looooove it here. It's such a happy place! The people-watching & dog-watching is awesome:)
I've been coming here since I was child because I used to live close to Lincoln Road. Great for people watching, window shopping, and dog watching. Favorite spots on Lincoln Road Movie Theater Lauree Anthropologie Books and Books Art Center of South Florida New World Symphony Wall cast (Movies and Concerts!) Starbucks
