This is a cool little spot in Brickell that gives you multiple restaurant/shopping/bar choices all within a few blocks, and oh yeah if you feel guilty after all of the eating, the cocktails, and the ice cream there is a gym, again just incase.   If you are walking around Brickell and wondering what you are going to do with all of that disposable income you have a standard studio apartment is $1700 a month, again just incase.
Went to that area for a couple of networking events, and I feel it's a cool spot to go to after work for happy hour or whatever. A lot of the people over there are mostly coming from work anyway due to the surrounding area so they pretty much walk over there which makes it lively since everyone is in a good mood that the day is over and they can relax, have some food and drinks and have a good time. There are several bars, restaurants, local shops, a gym, a publix, and I think some outside music. My only problem is the traffic and parking as I've seen so many near accidents and I have no clue where parking garages are so I usually have to spend some money for valet parking. It's a bit dangerous if you want to cross the street with the aggressive driving going on there. All in all, worth checking out, specifically a Friday.
Below average retail center which is basically the town center of Brickell (until City Center opens). Poor layout, dangerous to cross the street as center is split in two by S. Miami Ave, mainly chain restaurants although a few highlights are Toscano Divino and Doraku. I would grad this place a C.
Since leaving the Magic City I have noticed how much I didn't enjoy the nightlife there. On the rare occasions I'd go out for a few drinks with friends we'd usually end up in Brickell, and often times at MBV. I can't stand the crowds/prices of SoBe. I'm frightened by the deserted apocalyptic like vibe in the Grove. Wynwood is a recent contender, but I can't stand thee is never any parking. So although Mary Brickell Village is full of meatheads with ripped shirts leaving LA fitness, stuck up girls with silicone features and older gentlemen looking for a young moocher - it is the best alternative. *FADO - Celebrated a few birthdays here. Cool vibe, great to catch a beer, but does get super packed on the weekends. *Blue Martini -  I feel it's best during the week for happy hours. *Burger & Beer - Had horrible service here once, the food wasn't too good either. *Brother Jimmys - Attended a media event and sampled some of the food - it was actually really good. Parking in Brickell can be tricky so I always just head straight to this parking lot and then walk over to wherever I am headed. Quick hop over the street to RICE for some lunch, or down to Pericone's for some dinner. Not my favorite place in the world, but it's certainly my top choice for Miami boozing/entertainment areas (and with that still at 3 stars.)
While visiting Miami, I stayed at the Conrad on Brickell. On my first day, I went out exploring and happily found Mary Brickwell Village! There are a ton of shops here and endless restaurants. There is also a Publix and Massage Luxe and a few other random places (I saw a mens barbershop that looked like it had a cool vibe). I had such a great time walking around and shopping. I will note that it seemed like there was a much higher ratio of women's to men's stores. Oh well, lucky me! There are also tons of places to stop to eat and drink. BF and I went to Blue Martini (cigar/martini bar) a couple of times with some friends which was really fun for their nightlife. Definitely recommend checking out if you live/are staying in this area. I loved that it was a five minute walk from out hotel because parking definitely seemed like it would have been stressful.
Brickell is easily one of my favorite places in Miami! At nighttime, It reminds me of New York! :-) All of the buildings are so tall and close together, the bright lights and then there's a cute little spot in Brickell- Mary Brickell Village. Mary Brickell Village has several cute little boutiques that have caught my eye and tons dining options, such as Doraku Sushi, PF Changs, Rosa Mexicano, Burger & Beer. I love them all! Oh, and they have a bunch of bars- perfect for barhopping or a girls night out! Check out Fado's for a beer with friends or maybe Taverna Opa if you're in the dancing mood! Either way, Mary Brickell is perfect to come visit during day or night!
Need to place to shop , eat and grab a quick drink ... This is the spot !! Especially for out of town guest..  Park in the garage and walk up and down the strip / ladies wear cute comfortable sandals and shades!!
Mary Brickell is downtown's other outdoor shopping center (and Brickellites will chafe at my usage of the word downtown here). Since it's a shopping center in the southern part of downtown (south of the river), I often compare it with Bayside in the northern end of downtown, even though it's really a world apart. I'll just break it up in simple terms: Bayside - Standard chains: Hooters, Chili's, Hard Rock, Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. - Miami chains: Latin American Cafe, Los Ranchos, The Knife - Ice Cream: Parmalat's Le Gelateria, Coco Gelato, Fat Tuesday - Souvenir shops and kiosks - Clothing stores: Guess, Gap, Baby Gap, Gap Kids, Bath & Body Works, Brookstone, Cache, Claire's, Disney Store, FYE, Game Stop, Victoria Secret, Victoria Secret Beauty, X.O.T., Wet Seal - Cheap jewelry stores - Entertainment (2 PM and later) and other going-ons in adjacent Bayfront Park - No nightlife options around this area except for the few inside the mall. - Waterfront Mary Brickell - Upscale chains: Balans, PF Changs, Oceanaire, Rosa Mexicano, Blu Pizzeria, Abokado - Ice Cream: Roma Gelato and Paciugo's is nearby - No souvenir shops or kiosks - Chi-chi clothing stores (although too few to count) - Nice jewelry stores (e.g. Barbara Palacios) - No entertainment (at least not yet?) - Nightlife options abound around this area, but not so much inside the shopping strip except for Blue Martini. - No waterfront Overall, you can see that Bayside is still more of a shopping mall whereas Mary Brickell making itself to be a chi-chi neighborhood spot for the locals living in the neighborhood rather than making itself a shopping destination for the rest of downtown. This area is recommended for the food and the nightlife only. For this reason, Bayside is still a popular spot in downtown (even though many locals prefer to do the shopping elsewhere outside of downtown altogether) and the wealthier Mary Brickell can feel empty except at night.
Spending the afternoon walking around with a friend who has never been to Mary Brickell. When I first moved to the downtown area, this place was exciting for me. I spent probably three days a week here, walking around, dining etc..... There are a few restaurants that I still visit that are very good. But the shopping is just not happening. Small little boutiques that are way overpriced and nothing cute anyhow. I do enjoy walking around, because it does have so much potential to be something greater. As a local there is nothing enticing me to come back over and over again. I can't explain what has happened but now I go there very seldomly. WHY? Other than a few restaurants, nothing else is keeping my interest. Of course other than my favorite Publix. They need to work on some marketing and promotions and get some events and music there. Great place for a street party, art fair, craft festival..........etc.....Oh why not a wine and food festival.... Now that would make some pretty cool events.....
I just moved to the area and every unit I looked at in Brickell boasted how close it was to Mary Brickell Village. I kept thinking, "wow, this place must be the bomb if that's all I keep reading about." So I was very excited to visit once I moved just a few blocks to MBV. In general, it's nice. I mean, I'm always thankful to have any type of shopping nearby for convenience sake. I love having a grocery store in walking distance and anything that can make my life easier is a definite plus. I guess it really comes down to what you look for in a plaza. MBV has a ton of eating options, which is terrific when you're hungry and I will say I'm that way often trying different places out. Sometimes though I need things that can't be purchased at MBV and it would be great if there were a different variety of stores there. I don't even think there's a men's clothing option in there at all. Like I said it's great if you don't need something specific. I guess that's why they build Targets, but if you want to drink your a@@ off or get some TCBY you're in the right spot. One other thing: The parking lot gets on my last nerve. Getting in/out can be the biggest pain because the ticket machines at the gate are always breaking.
Ahh.. Another outdoor shopping mall in Miami! Little shield from the rain, many shops doing no business.  Very typical.  We were here on a Sunday afternoon & there were maybe 6 other people walking around. There's street parking available, but probaby hard to come by when (if!) this area ever gets busy. Restaurants were dead, but I'll review the one we went to separately. Enjoy this while you can...
Over the years, Brickell has become one of those South Florida attractions. Kind of like South Beach. And like South Beach or the Grove or the Gables or whatever else you can think of, its aim is to create an environment in which a patron can park, walk around, and, like casting a line while fishing a hundred times, hope that one of the places bites. And I mean, I guess it succeeds. I guess. I just feel that every place in Mary Brickell Village --- from Blue Martini to Fado to Burger & Beer Joint to the myriad faux Irish Pubs that keep popping up like the plague of the Middle Ages --- is more commercial than it is substance. What they're selling you isn't a necessarily a quality product or even a worthwhile experience. What's being sold is the overall theme, and that theme is, very simply put, "Miami." I don't know. I end up here every so often, but if you've read any of the handful of reviews that I've proffered for Mary Brickell's businesses, (save for maybe one or two) you'll find that my feeling toward the area is largely lukewarm. Really, if you're looking to have a better, more low-key and, (gasp!) original time, make your way toward some of the surrounding establishments. Like Blackbird Ordinary or Tobacco Road.
Eh. This outdoor mall has a bunch of restaurants including some chains such as PF Changs and Starbucks. I looked at the odd art gallery, tried to go to the upscale pharmacy but it was closed and considered the gelato joint. It takes about 10 minutes to look at everything. There isn't any shopping to be had here. At least, shopping worth doing. The one clothing store I looked at seemed to cater to an older clientele. I'd say it'll probably pick up when they new Publix is finished.
Brickell's "downtown" shopping area with a Starbucks, Publix, etc. Now it is a destination full of different dining spots to fit every budget. There are also nightlife spots. The only thing that takes away from the ambiance is the lack of parking. Unless you want to pay $10-15 for parking you have to give yourself at least 30 minutes to find a spot. I'm a fan of the sushi maki there and Perricones is also a favorite..not too expensive either. Its also very close to other Brickell spots such as Gordon Biersch and other restaurants. I like it when I want a change from South Beach.
Awesome Awesome Awesome!!!!! Very up-and-coming area...every time that I pass through Mary Brickell Village I see something new that is pooping up soon or just opened. Let's see...where to start? The bars aren't the best but for the area, I'll take it! Blue Martini, Baru, Dolores but you can call me Lolita, Balans, Fado, and the list goes on and on. Restaurants...too many to name! My favorites are Balans and the infamous Doraku! P.F changs is a nice lunch spot and Toscana Divino is a great dinner spot. There are a few boutiques in Mary Brickell (my favorite being Atikshop and Essence) as well as some outlets to fill the craving of your sweet tooth (LA Sweets, etc.). Need a massage and a hair cut? No problem, there's a massage envy and a hair salon (Tony & Guy I believe it's called) right near Massage Envy so you can kill two birds with one stone (who would ever want to do that, right? What a saying). There's even a publix, fedex-kinkos, dry-cleaners, shoe repair shop, organic pet store, and more names to make your head spin! Mary Brickell Village is a great place to spend the day. I would rather spend the day in Mary Brickell Village than the Grove or South Beach, but that's just me!
Great little spot for shopping and grabbing a bite to eat! Stopped in a few times on my last trip to Miami.  Loved the boutiques!!
Mary had a little /Brickell/, It's shops were white as snow. Mary Brickell is solidly a mid-range outdoor mall. The main focus of it is not the shops, but the bars and restaurants in the area. There isn't much noteworthy our standout about the Village by itself. If you are looking for reviews on the different stops, find the appropriate review. Parking is convenient and under cover if you choose to park in the Village area proper. If you are willing to walk a block or two, you can save if you're planning to be there for longer periods of time. The lowest flat rate parking near by is $5. Bottom Line: Great for food and drinks, but not so much for shopping.
I can't say I am impressed with the shops, they are pretty dinky and expensive. However Mary Brickell Village has interesting of options for food. I love Rosa Mexicano, and have been to a couple of other places that I wasn't impressed with. Rosa is the place I would recommend. Many times have we met with friends here, it definitely has more of that feel than for shopping.
I remember a time in Miami without Mary Brickell Village, I remember the plans, the hearings and the ground breaking. We now have it, and it is nice to have another place within our city to hang out, grab a bite, have a beer or even an good happy hour. Strolling through this area on the weekends is pretty cool, there are plenty of options for eating, people watching or working out. Triple bonus, ditch the car and arrive by metro rail, you will feel free and pedestrian, a rare sensation in Miami.
Just discovered several new shops here.  I am loving this little village.  Has a little of everything- mostly restaurants. Parking could be better though.
Fancy place with different kind of restaurants surrounding it. Modern structure.
Great place to go out - great dinner options and bars. The stores are pretty expensive, although I still go to them since they are so conveniently located near my apartment. If I didn't live so close I honestly don't think I would frequent this place as often. What I do hate is the parking garage! Why so expensive? I have also come to the realization that if you use the machine outside the elevators to pay for parking before you get to your car - you get charged MORE than if you were to pay at the machine at the exit or even in cash. I have had numerous arguments with the cashier about the amount of time I have been there and what I was charged and he always agrees with me and gives me back $2.
So many choices, where do I start? Love this place! Super convenient and so many places to choose from to eat, drink, shop, dance, etc. Great location for happy hours!
Mary Brickell Village what can I say.. There's something to do for just about everyone; shopping and dinning. It's a great place to spend time with friends, they have amazing restaurants and bars all in walking distance; which is great if your not planning to stay in one place very long. Burger and Beer Joint is a must when in Mary Brickell Village so is Fado Irish Pub.
I like this place because its walking distance from where I live. They have some nice boutiques, and good eating options.
We love this place. I did not give it 5 stars because they are kind of short on organic stuff. Please more organic and soy products!
Many places to visit in this area and the young professionals know how to have fun!
Y LOVE YOU Luz & Daughter front valet.  Tapasxperience. suite 180
This place has potential, not too many people come here, but it's fairly new, the word needs to spread.
New York? This is little better than strip mall quality in a confusing layout where all the eateries (there appear to be few shops are required to follow the same tired formula.  Sad if this is some of the best Miami has.
Feels ghost townish inside the open air mall, most of he other reviews mention Pf Chang etc these are NOT part of "the shops a merry brickell village" and thus should have no bearing on the review.  There are not many places within the confines of the business.
Love it!  I've been here twice already and have plans to go again soon!  The restaurants and the clientele are classy.  There is so much for your palate to choose from!  On top of that there is a small shopping area, so it's perfect for night and day!
I was visiting Miami for the couple of days from Austin, Tx... heard about the Mary Brickell Village went to do some shopping but they lack main stream shops... Night lift I went to the Blue Martini- I LOVED IT!-
There is so much to do here and there are always new places opening as well. Just bring your patience for parking.
I really like the vibe when I go there. I'm a local Miami, so I love trying new hangout places. I've been around here before, but each time I come here I always try something new. So you're going to love it. Especially, the locals will. Because the age range there is awesome--20's for mature age people. So anyone can come here. I like that during the deal is for the families, but night time is the place to be to hangout and meet new people. This is going to be my favorite place besides the beach. The only bad part of the area is the parking. So I suggest carpooling because you'll be looking forever for a place. And sometimes the garages have horrible prices.
Has something for everyone.  Shops, casual restaurants, fancy restaurants, dancing - Overall a good time... and since it has so many options it really is great for group events.
This place has come a long way since it openned... Glad to see numerous restaurants and shops open and doing well.
This is a cool place to go when you're in the area, especially if you have no agenda or a group of people to please.  There is a selection of shops and restaurants to choose from.
This relatively new shopping center is host to some of the best restaurants ever.  They have Rosa Mexicano, Grimpa, PF Changs, Oceanaire...it's just a very cool place.  They have a parking garage but I've only parked in the street so far or walked there.  It's a great place to chill, shop, and most of all...eat!
Love the crowd, the ability to have dinner, shop and stay for drinks and dancing.
Needs more store selection. Nice grouping of dining establishments - mostly pricy/trendy. a few nice stores - close to Metro stops. If i had to chose, 17th street in SoBe is much better - but for a quick stroll and some food - this works. The Publix is decent, but as usual, its tough to get the stuff home on the Metro Mover as the stop is a few blocks away. However, it is a decent place, with good selection of boutiques (not regular stores) and they are pricey. Pet Friendly!!
Decent during the day,  ok priced parking a few shops and good restaurants. I absolutely hate driving here at night though,  its almost worth it to pay the overpriced parking just to avoid the stress of trying to find a parking space near your actual destination.
I like coming here for Burger & Beer Joint and we always stroll around and always stop at my favorite little jewelry shop, di plata.  The other shops aren't anything to get excited about.  Rosa Mexicano is here which is delicious.  The stores aren't really the attraction here.  The ambience and people watching are good. I also like the small farmers market here on Sundays, although it seems to have turned into more of a jewelry show than anything.
Nice place to visit once.  $5 for parking, and not too many shops.  Also on Sunday the shops don't open until noon.
Great to have as part of our neighborhood! Tons of food options and Bar hopping options.  Tons of locals, beautiful women, and music events If your tired of the strip in sobe or thinking of moving to Brickell you'll appreciate MBV.
Latin American Cafe-Chain of Latin food throughout south Florida.  For the most part the food is good and prices are reasonable, that is until you go to the Mary Brickell Location.  Here is all about Location, Location, Location!!!  Prices are accordingly!  The service was left lots to be desired and the food, was just that ok.  However the prices, will keep me from ever coming back here.   I guess I'll have to get my cortadito fix at my local fare near my house, as I will continue to go to Balans, and Perricones, their prices are right for the right food.  At Latin, it is all but fair!!  Never again!!!  Two thumbs down
The place has great potential. There are a few charming restaurants like Percones nearby. Tobacco Road not too far. Good for occasional night outs.
I love this place, however after a recent trip to the New Latin American Cafe ( a new addition to the Mary Brickell Village), I was greatly disappointed. In an area with lots up scale restaurant's and great service to it's customers this restaurant belongs in the streets of Little Havana. First off one word "Price gouging" clearly we are in Brickell, but from someone who's eaten at several Latin America's around town, you notice when there's a four $ dollar mark up on a Cuban sandwich. So if we must pay for the area, at least the service should be up to par right? Negative. Clueless waitresses, rude managers, and the temperature inside must be at least 50º resulting in a cold meal your over-paying for. On my first and last visit, they brought out my friends meal 20 minutes prior to mine, not to mention the steak was not medium rare as she requested. When my food finally arrived it was cold, and they brought the wrong beans out and forgot the plantains. After waiting 10 minutes for the manager to appear she was rude and uncooperative. In conclusion I see this place closed within a year. Unless Brickell is really that desperate for a Cuban Meal during lunch with a minimal commute. I for one will not be returning.
