Really awesome little shop.  It doesn't have a large sign so you have to pay attention.  Inside it's really nicely decorated.  It feels like stepping into a large (highly coveted) closet.  The clothing selection is surprisingly diverse and full of high-end labels.  I loved the dress selection but was also surprised by the day wear choices.  They also have swimwear and resort wear.  I do not recall seeing a whole lot of shoes or accessories, but the did have some on display.  They also had knick-knacks for around the house!   The back dressing room is fairly private so you don't have to worry about a bunch of people seeing you while you try to figure out if you like an outfit or not.  They have a TV and magazines next a well stuffed couch and chair for anyone who has to wait for their shopping buddy.   The staff was really nice and very helpful.  While I was there I overheard them taking down a woman's sizes to order another shipment of clothes she like.  Overall I'm really glad I found this place!!!  I am really looking forward to going back.
Cute and very clean boutique Love all of the glitter and decorations Very feminine and girly Not only fashion but candles , accessories, soaps and house items Always a sale section in the back Cute dolce vita sandals Innovative soap Cute wine accessories Nice gem in Coral Gables Check it out !
My sister and I stopped in here while we were shopping today on miracle mile. This cute little boutique is beautiful on the inside in addition to having a very nice selection of clothing, swimwear, shoes and accessories. It really does feel like its name because the inside does look like a glamorous closet. All the clothes are in the front of the store and they have a small section in the back of the front section of the store have 50% some tops and bottoms. They also had some shoes (dolce vita mainly I saw, house of harlow sunglasses, and some soap stuff in the middle). In the back are the swimsuits, lingerie, bath bombs, and super sale rack of $20 some dresses 50% off. The back of the store when the swimsuits, etc. are are the fairly spacious fitting rooms that also have a TV with some chairs and sofa with magazine for friends waiting other friends or family trying on clothing. The whole store carries high-end names and quality clothing so your probably not going to find much under $40 clothing-wise. My only bummer is for the sister who was shopping today couldn't find much clothing in her size (xs), a lot of clothes they had only had s and not xs :(. And a lot of clothes were more suites for someone my age (20's) and not for 15 year olds. She only got to walk out with one blouse even though she found a lot of things she liked but weren't her size. Hopefully when she goes next time she will find more, and she def will be coming back here to shop for prom dresses when she's old enough to go to prom. But still, I recommend this store to anyone looking for a good boutique  of high end clothing especially for prom dresses.
Cute little store with a lot to offer. Clothes  from $40 - a lot more.  Bags, shoes, accessories.  Cool thing is must of their designs looked unique, not something you would find everywhere. They also have beautiful picture frames, one in particular caught my eye, since we were wedding shopping wit my sister.  It had the picture of a bride with her dad and it said in script silver letter 'my first love'.  Must admit it got me teary eyed.   My sister also found a perfect 'friends' one for a gift she wanted to make and only $10.00.  On top they packed it very cute, ready for gifting. The other thing we looked at were the bar soaps the have.  They have the block and are cut when you buy.  The had butterflies which, of course was the first one I saw, and, again, wedding shopping, we saw the one with the bride in white and groom in black.  Very pretty, cool idea to have at the reception, wedding shower, or even as favors. The ladies were very attentive and nice...  Too bad is so far from me but, keeping it in mind for when special gifts are needed, or just for myself when back in Miracle Mile.
Awesome place with great prices and variety! I have been several times and find it hard to leave!
"Where have you been all my life?"  is what was going through my mind when I walked in.  I do threading nearby and decided to stop in so my brows had a chance to calm down before meeting my girlfriend for lunch.  They have really cute clothes, jewelry, accessories and gifts.  Especially loved the adorably unique and fabulous gift items.  Surprisingly affordable.  The young girl working was very nice and helped me find a specific item I was searching for.  Will definitely be coming back.
whenever a new store on miracle mile opens, i have to check it out. this boutique is so so cute. they have trendy clothes and accessories from $30-$300. they have unique one-of-a-kind independent designer pieces which i really appreciate. the store is also beautiful and fun to shop in. the employees werent rude but they were a little timid
I love shopping at this boutique. They have a great location at Miracle mile and always treat everyone like if they were friends. They offer champagne and cupcakes from Sugar Mama very often which are delicious. The environment is so relaxing and perfect to spend the day shopping. I love the clothes, accessories and the little gifts they have at the store. There is something for every occasion. The staff and owner is great. This is definitely one of my go to places whenever I need a new outfit whether it be for a formal event or casual night out. I am never disappointed here.
Incredible selection of designer brands. All pieces seem like they were made to be exhibited in this store. The ambiance is lovely and the store girls are genuinely sweet and helpful. I went there on a whim while waiting for a salon appointment, not expecting to buy anything, and left with a gorgeous lace blue dress with a cinched waist and angular bust marked down 50%.  I am in LOVE with the place, and will definitely be returning!
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEE this store. The name matches the store so well everytime I go I feel like if I am shopping at my best friends closet. All there clothes are amazing they have price ranges for everyones budget which is amazing especially the fact that the store is in miracle mile. Patty is awesome she is so sweet. I have bought 3 dresses already and I am totally in love with them. After my first shopping expirience here I have given up shopping at  bebe and other stores for dresses and just come here. Not only do they have cocktail dresses they also have gowns, shoes, jeans, shorts etc. I wish I could buy everything they have I love this store as noted above lol.
Omg...I love the clothes n shoes...I come here all the time & the girls that work here are so nice n amazing
I must say, this boutique is one of my favorite. The clothes are beautiful & the staff is great. They have a large variety of styles & prices. Definitely recommend it !
This store is just fabulous! They have a little bit of everything (clothes for all occasions, shoes, perfumes, handbags, intimate apparel...and more). The store is as beautiful as a boutique in Paris and the staff is exceptional. The service is personal and the staff is honest on what compliments you (which is important). Plus, who doesn't love a shopping experience that includes champagne and cupcakes? 5 stars in my book!
