Aaahhh Coco Walk. So many memories here! From going clubbing long time ago and pizza at 3 am to movies and family dinners in the most recent years. There's a good selection of stores, coffee shops (Starbucks), ice cream, bars (Fat Tuesday, Sandbar), Hookah place and tattoo/piercing parlors. You also have different food choices. Here are some I can remember now: -The Cheesecake Factory -Chilli's -Hooters -Duffy's Sports Bar   -Johnny Rockets -Italian restaurants -Pizza places It also has a Paragon movie theater which is very nice. They have live music at night. All in all I don't think it's a bad place to hang out and spend some time.
this is a great sunday afternoon got nothing else to do spot. there are a couple of stores, some chains some boutiques, starbucks and movie theater, cheesecake factory and a couple of bars. they have activities all thruout the year for family and bring out all the stops for the kids. Parking is expensive unless you are going to the movies but it is usually plentifull. You can also park here and work towards the streets in front that have more lokal restuarants.
Cocowalk has been pretty consistent throughout the years.  This used to be THE place in the Grove many years back. The movie theater here is excellent and there are a few favorites such as Cheesecake Factory and Starbucks.  They do have a lot of live music playing in the courtyard which is nice and Bice always seems to be buzzing. Other than that, the place is a little dead.  There was a beergarden place a few years back but failed as it wasn't an authentic beergarden.  Something like that would do very well here.
A great movie theater is located there, you can buy your movie ticket on the computer, seats are numbered, and you can buy alcohol, entrance fee 11.50
A quaint little hideaway for a Mai Tai . A small little area of shops Gap VICTORIA Secret Fat Tuesday.  Friendly quiet.
Love going to the breezy & live outside mall under the Miami tropical stars.  The front middle fountain under Fat Tuesday is a perfect meet up point.  There are kiosk vendors selling jewelry & very cute other items.  This mall has many stores,  restaurants & movies.  Including a Victoria Secret & white & black shops.    Has the convinient indoor parking garage.
I used to love coming here in the 90's, this place had a great feel back then. There used to be spray paint artists that would paint up some really cool pictures. I have some of them that I got back then still. There also used to be a metallic painted man there that was entertaining. Well I came here on a Saturday night and the artists were no where to be found. There weren't a lot of stores here. Parking was the biggest rip off at $9 flat rate on a Saturday.
I love Coconut Grove and Coco Walk but I wish they would put a few more stores here. The movie theater is great and you cant beat having a Cheesecake Factory right there but you can't help but notice that its lacking in the retail arena.
Centrally located and dominant landscape of the heart of Coconut Grove. I've been patronizing it since it opened and I love the location and the abundance of safe and covered parking. The newest addition and welcome addition is Duffy's Sports Bar and Grill.
It's a great place to kill time, people watch, or just meet up before heading to the many bars and restaurants that are just a short walk away. The third floor movie theatre is great as well.
Wow...what has happened to this place!??? I remember when Fats was the spot to be at, the parking lots where always full, and you could find anyone from a chonga, to a tourist from Germany roaming the streets...and now it's so low key that you don't see much of anything going on. What a shame! You can still find neat little stores if you walk around, but the life it had before is shining for its absence. The locals need to step up their game and put some life back into this awesome area. There is major potential here. I still think out of town-ers need to stop by and check this place out...it is for sure a little piece of Miami history.
Neat outdoor shopping spot in the middle of a not so great area. Get 2-3 blocks outside of here and you will see what I mean. Great "First Flight Pan Am" store here though. Really neat vintage items. I tried 2 appetizers from the Bice Bistro while listening to live music during their 50% off happy hour menu. The ceviche was good, and the scallop soup thingy was very flavorful as well. Does this place blow other places out of the water? No, and good luck on parking as well! Hopefully you can get a spot in the parking garage. If not, you are walking for quiet awhile.
As I am the "Duke" of Cocowalk (a dubious distinction), I hand this review down from my dukedom. A little history - back in 1990, the bohemian "Old Grove" had been in decline for several years. However, the opening of this open-air mall during that year effectively drove the final stake through the heart of the Grove's previous era. Throughout the 1990s, especially the early-middle part of the decade, it was immensely popular. Ridiculously popular. There was a movie theatre, one much nicer than the moviehouses we had around here at the time. There was this new restaurant from California called the Cheesecake Factory - and if the wait time was only one hour, you considered yourself lucky. There was Hooters, Tu Tu Tango, Howl at the Moon, Fat Tuesday. This was a time when Fat Tuesday was actually something of a cool bar enjoyed by all, not a place for scummy douchebags. Fast forward to 2010. Tu Tu Tango and Howl at the Moon, gone. It's absurdly easy to get a table at the Cheesecake Factory. Fat Tuesday is only really popular two nights per year (Fat Tuesday itself, and Halloween). The AMC, cannibalized by the more spacious Sunset Place AMC a few miles away, turned into a Paragon higher-class theatre. Hooters is still there, but the Hooters Girls are not even close to what they once were. Crazy Pianos attempts to channel Howl at the Moon, but I've not been there, so I don't know how "crazy" it does or doesn't get. Oops, I've just been informed that Crazy Pianos went out of business a few days ago. The mall also houses a cigar shop, a fro-yo place, a surf shop, and decaying brands that were at their peak in the 1990s, like the Gap and Victoria's Secret. There's also a Starbucks, which might be the best thing about this mall. I think the Starbucks has taken over as the real "anchor." For some crazy reason, tourists still flock here, and take pictures in front of the fountain. I wonder what they are expecting to see? I frequently sit outside the Starbucks in the morning. I can tell you that this mall's management is extremely concerned with cleanliness, to the point where they even sweep the leaves off the sidewalk every morning. That's all fine and good, but there's a glaring (or should I say "blaring") problem that absolutely needs to be addressed. The fire alarm. I don't know what these people do, but it goes off all the time. It's an extremely loud, high-pitched pinging, and it's the most obnoxious thing I've ever heard. For F's sake, SHUT THAT S*** OFF! No one wants to hear it! To sum up, kind of a lame mall. Its days are numbered, IMO. I could go 3 stars, but for the fact that you never know when you're going to be assaulted by that awful noise - I've heard it happen at all hours of the day.
Dear Cocowalk, It's so sad to see you are so empty, and the truth is you've seen your better days.  But I have always been a supporter and I am not going to turn my back on you now. I'm hoping that maybe something will change, that somehow, miraculously, you will pick up the pace, and be the same happening hot spot of old. I was here the other day, and it was nice to see that there were people out and about, but it's sad to see so many stores closing around the area.  I stopped into a few shops and even made some purchases, in the hopes of helping revive your economy.   I know there were talks of a building a new movie theater where the AMC is, but not sure if that project's still on the table. I give you 3 stars because you are A-OK in my book.  I still always enjoy spending an afternoon walking around here, having lunch at Cheesecake Factory, stopping into Fat Tuesday's for drinks...  This place holds a LOT of memories for me, beginning at the tender age of 15.  ;-) You will always hold a special place in my heart.  Now I just hope the rest of Miami feels the same way, so that you can remain in business and perhaps even return to your glory. With Love, SabrinaAnna*
A Yelper asked in a prior review, "Why would anyone still come here?".  Well I can answer this question as I decided to be the adventurous tourist and wander outside of Miami Beach to catch some of the local flair. We asked our cab driver, whom does not speak English very well, to take us to some local shopping and sightseeing locations.  Well this language impaired driver took us to Coco Walk and let the disappointment begin! First of all, nobody is going to buy anything from any of these stores.  They are the most generic selection of stores with low inventory and high prices.  Your Coco "Walk" will be short lived because this place is very small.  You can make your rounds and seeing all the uneventful things, you will be done in this place in less than 10 minutes.  As far as I can tell the main attractions here are a small movie theater and a Starbucks.  This place was empty on a Saturday afternoon!  Yelpers spare yourself the pain and disappointment, I took the hit for you, and avoid this tourist trap.  There is no doubt in my mind that this place will have - CLOSED next to it very soon.
Can't believe I haven't written a review for Cocowalk, considering it's my neighborhood - just minutes away from my abode. I love Cocowalk. Yes, I realize it's not what it used to be. I also realize it contains a lot of touristy crap. However ... it's still an adorable outdoor mall. The surrounding streets and neighborhood are totally alive with bars, stores and restaurants. And I do think it's gotten busier since I moved here, almost two years ago. I wish it had more to offer ... but I enjoy what's there now. Maybe it'll never relive it's 1990's glory, but I don't care. There's a 24-hour Starbucks, a Fat Tuesday (regardless of the crowd, I'm a frozen drink kinda girl), and TONS of dog-friendly establishments in the vicinity. So basically, I love it.
Due to the fact that Cocowalk had become quite ghetto we had avoided it for a long, long time.  This weekend we went to the Improv and decided to hang out Cocowalk for a bit.   Honestly we were impressed that it is coming back to its former glory.  Its not quite there yet, but they are improving the shops, the theatres and the restaurants.  Good enough for me to come back for sure!  Now I have another place to hang out again besides Lincoln Rd! I still miss Ginger Grove across the street.  Their Ginger Kiss was by far the best cocktail I have ever consumed. I know I speak for many when I say I am looking forward to better things to come here in Cocowalk and am definitely looking forward to updating this review to a 4 or 5 star one when it is time!
I heard Cocowalk/The Grove used to be THE SPOT once upon a time.  Then sunset place sprung up with it's club, shops and movie theater all in one.  Well now that Cocowalk has brought back their movie theater, added in some decent shops and restaurants, I believe it's coming back to life.  (The fact that sunset place has gone downhill might help...)  Parking hasn't been a problem the last few times I've gone, especially if you're willing to walk a couple of blocks past the lively restaurants and bars.  There are several stores - one of my faves being the novelty shop under the stairs.  Look for it b/c you might miss it.  Fat Tuesdays, Hooters, Chilis and Cheesecake factory seem to be the only lasting restaurants but I look forward to the day when a non-chain lounge/club goes in that top corner spot.   Overall nice place to walk around or sit and people watch.
I remember when I used to be a student at the University of Miami, the Grove and Cocowalk used to be the "go-to spot" on Thursday nights. There were bars such as Sandbar and Tavern where you could drink to your heart's content. It was a good time and the ideal place to go bar hopping. However, as a young adult, I see Cocowalk for what it offers-- overpriced shops, a place where you can catch a good breeze and frozen drink from Fat Tuesdays, and signature restaurants. I highly recommend grabbing a pizza here and just chatting with good friends. It is a good place to take a late night walk. Sometimes, the street parking can be a joy killer because you may be forced to park in an overpriced lot due to lack of parking.
Great outdoor mall! Nice restaurants and stores. There's also a movie theater that's nice and the mall is very lively.
I haven't done the Cocowalk for a long time. It was once a rather cool happening sort of place but then, or reasons unknown to me, eroded into nothing but an overly priced chainy bunch of restaurants and gimmicky establishments. Hence a lot of the fun types like the musicians, artists and the more hip with it kind vanished for other parts of the Grove or move out entirely. I'm happy to say that the areas surrounding seem to being doing nicely and that the Walk itself seems to be improving but I doubt it will ever return to being what it was; its fallen out of favor. What it is nice for is what it may have been intended for in the first place being for a walk or a simple stroll. However, with only about three, at best, blocks of it, it isn't much of walk. I still enjoy it but long for the days of a more local, less big chainy, flavor to it. Miami area has an amazing diversity of culinary delights but the Cocowalk isn't where you find them.
Cocowalk, also known as "The Grove", is a very unique destination in South Florida. There are many shops, restaurants, bars, and clubs in "the area". Cocowalk itself is a three (or four depending on store / bar occupancy) floor outdoor mall. You can't fairly skip the inclusion of the shops and bars near by as part of the main establishment. One of the major issues is that the popularity of the Grove can vary greatly from day to day and month to month. There is no flaw in the design or layout, it is that people are fickle. Unlike South Beach, there is no tourist tax and you will find many locals. Bottom Line: Not a tourist? It's a must visit. Tourist? It won't be your typical tourist location and may is lower key than other areas.
Lame and boring little mall. Thought Cocowalk/Coconut Grove would be a lot more interesting based on the tourist guides but all this place is a tiny mall with basically a Cheesecake Factory, Tu Tu Tango, Hooters, Gap, movie theater, and some other random little stores. Bottom line: Yawn. Lincoln Rd, Bayside, and South Beach are so much more interesting.
That big pink flamingo and I are pretty tight. I say hi to him every time I walk past.   Seeing as how I'm a poor student, I can't rate Cocowalk on its shopping, but rather general ambiance.  I love how its a mall that doesn't look like a mall, it really blends in with the rest of the Grove.   Cocowalk is a great place to people watch, grab Starbucks and listen to live music (most nights).  Sometimes I go there to study and enjoy it.  I"ve been to Fat Tuesdays a few times and wasn't that impressed, but that bar on the lower promenade has pretty decent drinks.
Hmmm, not sure it lives up to the hype. Great place to go out partying, but as far as shopping, it doesn't quit have it. Don't get me wrong, it's a gorgous shopping outlet! Certainly worth a walk around, but it wouldn't get me shopping here due to the fact it has every shop that you have everywhere. There isn't anything special here i'm afraid. And its not quit as large as I would have thought. It's pretty much just another mall. No shops that you can't find anywhere else. But it is really pretty! I'm sure a great tourist destination!
This area of Miami is gorgeous. The shopping plaza seems like something that was built in Las Vegas. It was actually pretty. The architecture and variety of snapshot worthy things definitely makes this a place to stop by. I really loved all of the little Peacocks that were surrounding the area. As far as stores go, the variety is a bit slim.
I love CocoWalk, but it's in an area that used to have much more as far as nightlife goes. I remember the days we would go to Life and the place upstairs above Cheesecake/Chilis (it had a few different names over the years). Now, Sandbar is across the street and they have a piano bar and Fat Tuesdays. Not bad, but the best of the three is Fat Tuesdays. They have $1 jello shots, and a great view for people watching. There's usually a live band at night, and it definitely gets lively. This isn't necessarily a place to shop, but there are some stores there: GAP, Victoria's Secret, and a handful of others. One of the best new additions is the new movie theatre. They serve beer and wine, have reserved seating, and they validate parking. There are also restaurant coupons on the back of your movie ticket. I think my last movie ticket had 25% off one of the restaurants in CocoWalk. Lots of dining options here- Hooters, Cheesecake Factory, Chilis, Johnny Rockets across the street, etc. plus tons of other places just a few blocks in other directions. I'd like more nightlife options in the Grove in general (I miss the days when we would hop from Life to Oxygen to that spanish club at the edge of Mayfair). It's still towards the top of my list for a night out.
Not a bad place to spend an evening... Lots of places within walking distance in the surrounding area to grab a bite & a drink. Mr. Moe's is always open super late so this will usually be the place that we end up at the end of the night. o_O Fun times. :)
Want to explore Coconut Grove and have a main area to start at? Cocowalk is a good place to start. It's an outdoor mall venue with your typical main chains like Gap, Victoria Secret, restaurants like TuTu Tangos, Cheesecake Factory, and an AMC theater etc. Around it is the Mayfair Shopping area (Banana Republic, Sisley, United Benneton), Johnny Rockets, Starbucks etc.  But spreading all around it is tree-lined narrow streets that have indepedent boutiques and hideaway cafes, bars, and restaurants that are charming to explore and walk along.  Parking is tricky here, its easy to find a garage but there are also parking meters.  The neighborhoods around Cocowalk can be a bit shady so be aware if you wander off too far. PS: At night, this place really gets busy with a buncha folks looking for nightlife action, Cocowalk houses a Fat Tuesday and other bars/lounges. Nearby are pubs and bars that young  college students bar-hop. PPS: This place also is a great area to people watch during the Grove's Halloween party night.
A place trying to be hip but just so boring!   We came here excited, stayed for 5 mins covering all 3 floors, and left.   It was a waste of time.  Go to the Bayside Marketplace if you are in the mood shopping, not this place.
A famous place for shops but I think the galleries and art shops deserved the fame. A few places to eat but they didn't seem to be very attractive.   Jaguar and Dolce Vita Gelato Cafe were good stops for lunch and refreshment.
I am the type of person who can analyze people just by looking at them - and what they talk about. I can also know if a place is worthwhile in five minutes. Coco Walk wasn't one of those places. Nothing new or interesting to offer. The stores can be found in any mall across the country and the food joints had nothing special. I walked around the area taking pics, but was done with Coco Walk in less than 10 minutes.
Nice little shopping area at Coconut Grove, it was a rainy day when I came and visit so I did not fully enjoy the place - but it was still fun to be there with the babe. There is a movie theater, little nice boutique shops/other brand name shops and restaurants. Nice little hang out place to just chill and get the vibe of Cocowalk and the people around it.
The entire Cocowalk area is an awesome place to visit and hangout. Boutique shops, restaurants and bars (mostly corporate) as well as a great movie theater make this a must see neighborhood destination. As for actually shopping and dining, before you sit down , make sure you visit the surrounding neighborhood for a wider variety of choices and family/local owned places. We live 2 blocks from it and love the energy and variety most of the time but it can become mundane and boring after a while.
Really surprised at how small this shopping center is.  We thought it would have a lot more stores. Really cute area/decor with so-so stores. Only stayed during the day so I'm not familiar with the night/bar scene. Glad we made it over to Peacock Park or I would have been totally disappointed with Coconut Grove. Not worth the drive if you're more than 15 mins away (like we are).
Pedestrian shopping plaza with a few shops, bars, and cafes on two levels.  We went during a weekday afternoon and just happened to be there when they had beers on special at Hooters. Cool place to kill some time and lean over the rail on the upper level and watch what's going on in the busy intersection below.
Awesome folks!
I am sure CocoWalk had its day in the sun in the mid 2000's, but now it is just a step behind the rest of the city.  We just moved here and read in tour books about this great shopping experience, but I don't think very many people come here for the "fantastic" shopping. Gaps and Victoria Secrets can be found in almost any American mall, and the few boutique-y shops that are there are not that urban or unique.  I do love going to Green Street, but I think most of the places are past their primes.   Someone told me that Coconut Grove was the bohemian part of the city, but so far it just seems like where all the rich people live, and those rich people go elsewhere for their mall experiences (like Bal Harbour near North Miaim?) The movie theater is kind of cool because you can pick your seats, but still, there are nicer movie theaters elsewhere and parking is always a pain to find.  I'd save a trip.
I'm reviewing this place again about 4 months after I was here last time. I agree with Dan B., CocoWalk has improved a bit and it has earned an additional star. The sidewalks and walkways within CocoWalk which were broken up in some areas during my last visit have since been repaired and covered with ceramic tile, the escalators to/from Fat Tuesdays were working again and most of the storefronts were full. The former Tu Tu Tango still advertises it's being reopened as a piano bar of some sort, but doesn't say when. In all, I'd consider this to be a decent place to bring friends for an evening. The entire 3 or 4 block area here in Coconut Grove which includes CocoWalk would get 4 stars in my book.
dull and uninspiring - so much more could be done with this (wasted) space... and in such a prime real estate location too... sad shops, dull decor, nothing you couldn't find in a mall in Peoria or some other podunk has been jaded community - where is the pizazz people?
Trendy little outdoor shopping plaza in South Miami! You can tell this place has history and has been here for a long time, the shopping area consist of many unique side streets as well (like a mini downtown) with many shops and services. This is a great place to retreat outside South Beach and enjoy the shops and beautiful atmosphere while checking out other Miami sites!
I just went back to Cocowalk for the first time in a year and a half and it certainly has improved.  They have done some renovations.and added alot of stores.  A new gelato store, International quesadillas, a Chili's above the Cheesecake Factory, a Starbucks in the front, a surf shop, art shops, and much more.  Tu Tu Tango's seems to have closed and will be replaced by a Piano music bar.  The movie theatre is the same, and the parking garage on Virginia Street still seems like the easiest way to park.  Especially if you're going to the movies because they validate it down to $2.
It's a cool place to gather with some friends. Movie theather is nice, u choose ur seats and local restaurants are nicely outdoor. Clothing stores and other retail stores. It's a small place, in summer it is definitely not a place where you will enjoy to come. Some live music can make the shooping nicer or boring (depending on the music),
Oh man this place is a dump.
Cocowalk/Coconut Grove reminded me a lot of South Street Seaport in New York: a sometime-historic neighborhood that has morphed into a shopping arcade.  My friend and I trekked out to Cocowalk during our short trip to Miami and had frozen drinks at Fat Tuesdays while people-watching and scoping the amusing rickshaw-like ride-givers.  It was fun, but from a tourist perspective, we could've done that anywhere in Miami w/o going so far (we stayed in South Beach).  On the up side, I guess it was good to see another neighborhood.  Bottom line: if you find other reasons for venturing into Coconut Grove, go for it!  Otherwise, you're probably better off skipping Cocowalk itself -- it's not really a "destination."  (2.5 stars)
I enjoy coming over here. The day time is pretty laid back and casual. The restaurants are nice but some can be pricey. The night time is pretty fun! It's like the better version of the Falls. I always have a good time when I come here, honestly, I have nothing negative about this place!
Pretty at night but there isn't a whole lot to do except shop, eat, or drink.  I wouldn't really suggest visitors/tourists to bother stopping by because there isn't anything exciting to do. Most of the stores are mainstream and most of the restaurants are chain stores (i.e. Hooters, Chilis, Cheesecake Factory). Cocowalk and the immediate area surrounding Cocowalk can pretty much be covered in under an hour walk.
Had a great time here visiting one of my dear friends and we had dinner at Fat Tuesday and walked around the area. Now the dinner itself was just okay. The highlight of the night was definitely the people watching. Among seeing the fabulous people of Miami we were blessed with seeing Lebron James going to the movies. That was definitely super cool. After we finished eating, we had an enjoyable time exploring the stores. I love that there was a great selection of shops and we had a great time in the area. Would definitely visit here if you are traveling to the Miami area.
A nice renovated shopping plaza in the middle of existing Florida culture, Cocowalk has some great action for tourists.  It's a great place to go and watch a movie or enjoy shopping and restaurants.  I would say the next time I visit Miami, I would opt to stay in the Coconut Grove area rather than in downtown.
My first time visit... the elevator in the parking lot very confusing sign... this place not really be hot spot for me... came here only to movie theatre. They need to improve many things specially put some best local food with good price not all brand food which is pricey and the taste just poor taste and poor quality.... good location and good idea just need the management to create better place.
I love coming here! The variety of stores/restaurants is decent enough but it's more of the ambiance of the place that really makes it somewhere you want to go to on the weekends. Though I will say this: the bricks used for the ground are not leveled completely so ladies, if you wear heels expect to fall on your face or as in my case, 'doggy-style position'. If you can master walking in heels in this place, give yourself a pat on the back because you deserve it.
trendy outdoor shopping mall in Coconut Grove, has places to eat like Chilis, Cheesecake, Brine...places to drink like Fat Tuesdays, Starbucks and places to hang with friends like Improv, Movie theaters. Grove has festivals all year long that are great family fun events. Parking can be a pain on weekends but week days i recommend pay by phone.
Well this is kinda hard to review...mainly because it's Coco walk!! Let me start by saying  if you have a brand new Porsche and for years you never tune it up nothing is done to keep it running like a Porsche should.eventually your Porsche would be driving like a Ford Focus!! And to me thats what's be done to Coco walk over the years nothing has been done to bring it back to it's glory days. Back in the early 90's this is where you had to be I was still a kid then but I recall everybody wanting to come to the grove. This place could be a whole lot better than it is but hell I will call it like I see it it's a Porsche with a Ford Focus engine. So just stop thru have a drink a Fat Tuesday and grab some wings at Hooters.
Cocowalk is a delightful place to spend a nice Afternoon or evening. In my opinion, the best food on the walk is found at Jaguar. I would reiterate Alvin W.'s opinion that staying in Coconut Grove is superior to staying downtown.
Cocowalk itself sucks, but I read in The Herald a couple of months ago that they were going to renovate it and add new restaurants and a Muvico. Now, Coconut Grove is not that bad to go to once in a while, they have some good restaurants and bars.
Nice place I like it out there. Its so nice and the atmosphere is cool. They always have someone playing the guitar and there its pretty much everything you want. Fat Tuesdays, Chilis, Cheesecake Factory, Hooters and your just walking distance from other places like avada and Mo's. Its nice to come here for a date or just a day out.
FUN! Adults & children, there's something to do for everyone.
Excellent place to walk around, shop, eat & people watch. Depending on what you're looking for, shopping here may be a little pricey. Then again, shopping here looks like the kind of place ladies would prefer.
Meh this place continues its slow down hill spiral, lookout for thuggish rubbish on the weekends.  Tons of traffic and crappy stores.
Great place to walk around.
For original review with many nice photos, please see guiyanggal.com/2007/05/3… Coconut Grove is a well-known tourist shopping district with a bunch of cute little shops, similar to University Avenue in Palo Alto, or Laguna Beach in Orange County. With some coconut trees, it feels different, but not very different. So, if you really want to go take a look, you may want to consider going there at night. With street lights turning on and party-people flooding in, the place feels more inviting and lively in the evening
We love this area. We went to eat this past Valentines Day over at the Cheesecake  Factory  the food and service were great. After we took a nice long walk around the area and loved it.
A few years ago Coco Walk was the heart of one of the most vibrant areas in Miami, but in the last two or three years it has died down and so has Coco Walk. The place used to offer something for anyone from stores, bars, and great restaurants. Now it's impossible to keep up with the establishments located in it, because their lifespan is a few months. If you are looking for a shopping experience, this is not the place. It offers one or two chain stores, but you can basically walk around the whole place in 10 minutes. The only attraction it has left is the Cheesecake factory and Fat Tuesdays. The parking garage overcharges for what the place offers. Sadly Coco Walk has turn into a really big shopping center without a Publix or CVS.
Soooo I didn't really do anything here but walk around so I can't say much. Nice place to take a stroll at night with friends, but my friend told me the area is a little rough right outside so watch your back as well!
warning, be careful with the parking lot at Coco Walk,  if you don't want to be ripped off your pants, don't park there.  They trick you with their $2 for happy hour parking and they bang you with $9 when is time to pay no matter if you where there 1 hr or 2 hours, you have to suck it up because there is no one you can complain to, it's not the cashier's fault is the damn greedy management that don't realize they are loosing more my upsetting customers than what they can ripoff people, because they can full me once,  but that is the last time they will see my face.  Too bad because the mall is nice but just do not park there.
