The first time that I visited Miami, I thought that this store was a hotel.  I had no idea that it was a store, let alone SUCH a store.  This is by far one of the most extravagant boutique I've ever been in with brands that match or top what Bergdorf Goodman itself carries.  We are talking Tom Ford, Givenchy, and Balmain levels, here.  As such, more than likely do not expect to go on a shopping binge here (or if you do, expect to cry into your pillow when you get your credit card statement).  The Webster is more like a museum to me, the only difference to typical museums being that you can purchase all of the art of display here.  The entrance has a bar if you would like a drink, and the roof apparently used to have happy hours (which no longer happen, if I was told correct information).  That's a shame; I wanted to do a happy hour.  It should be obvious from all this that the Webster is more an experience than a store.  I actually came here twice, once to gawk and once to buy.  I had my eye on a camo card holder here by Valentino, however unfortunately it did not have enough slots.  If you are coming to Miami Beach, you really need to come in here and take it all in.  I have never experienced a more beautiful boutique in all my life (and I live in NYC).  The Webster alone challenges the notion that only department stores are worth your cash for high end coutre and will show you how much of an art form selling (and making) fashion could, and should, be.  Fashion is no less an art form than painting pictures or making music, and it should be treated that way by the masses.
Love this place, but much more the one in Bal Harbor. Gonzalo really delivers customer service!
My review of The Webster applies to the rooftop bar and lounge. Quite the chic sobe experience, everything about this place is hip: beautiful people, comfortable seating, exciting open view of Collins Ave from above, and eclectic, interesting music. They have an excellent late night happy hour, during which cocktails are a mere $5. Paula, our cocktail server for the night, was as gorgeous as the bottle girls at Mynt and Mokäi but thankfully omits the snooty, I-deserve-all-of-your-money-and-you-are-lucky-to-­be-here-attitude that too frequently accompanies so many of her contemporaries. The drinks are strong and there's not a plastic cup in sight. So far, four stars! I'm definitely a fan, but the bathrooms are downstairs and being that this neighborhood is unfortunately afflicted with inconsistency, I just need to visit more than once before I can say it's as good as it gets. I'll be back (maybe tonight!)
A luxury shop with pieces almost too expensive to touch. I spotted my first pair of Melissa Campanas here outside of NYC. They weren't even the good ones. The salesperson was surprised I knew what they were though. $300 for a pair of plastic, gold thong sandals. $425 for simple black ballet flats. The Webster was too rich for my blood. During the day, step in here to take a peek, look around but don't buy just yet. There are better deals just a few blocks away.
I've shopped at the Webster and have spent way too much money there. I received an invitation to a Fashion Show.  I RSVP's for the show as required. Last night before the show I emailed the RSVP email  to confirm my seat for me and my guest. I receive an email back from John Joseph Lin saying that I could come but because of space limitations, I wouldn't be able to bring a guest. I resent an email from 4/9 (the day I rec'd the invite) RSVP'ing for the event. Long story short--it was chaos at the door.  John denied sending me ANY e-mails--which luckily I had my Blackberry-and still denied me and my guest entry to an event THEY INVITED me to. I guess with Yelp and Social Media they will have an impetus to treat their clients with more respect. Bal Harbour is still the way to go.
Rooftop, with a view.  Happy hour from 7pm - 11pm.  Definitely a good combination. People downstairs are friendly, immediately greeting you and showing you to the elevator that will take you up.  First thing you see is the DJ and right behind it the bar.  2 for 1 specials.  Small glasses but price is good. There are couches with little tables almost all around the floor, perfect for this laid beck environment.  Great place to start your night or just and unwind after work.
Causing quite a stir upon its arrival, The Webster brings first-class shopping to us in a modest 20,000 sq ft historical Art Deco building. The lobby of this three-story fashion sanctuary houses the first ever Caviar Kaspia on American shores, an acclaimed Parisian restaurant that offers only the best caviar, salmon, and vodka to take home... among other extravagances. The first floor contains Men and Womens Ready-To-Wear, accessories, shoes and jewelry. The second floor has the more elaborate creations from designers like Lanvin, Martin Margiela, Balenciaga, Marc Jacobs, Givenchy, Ralph Lauren, Yves Saint Laurent, Neil Barrett, Tom Ford, Balmain, Prada, Miu Miu, Trussardi and just about anything else you can imagine. The third floor (what a sight for sore eyes!) holds the crown jewels: from vintage rolexes to diamonds. The sales associates seem to be uninviting if you're not dressed in Lanvin, but they warm up to you once you sign the receipt. Its nice to see Frederic Dechnik, one of the founders, around the store at times. His enchanting accent and his seductive look makes you want to buy the entire floor. Only to take him out to dinner at Caviar Kaspia afterwards. The visionaries responsible for Miami's new fashion mecca are Milan Vukmirovic, Laure Heriard Dubreuil, and Frederic Dechnik, all whom have fascinating portfolios, but which are too extensive to mention. Take my word for it, these people know what they're doing and they're doing it better than anyone else in this (mostly) rhinestone-encrusted, rubber flip-flops wearing town.
Before arriving in Miami a friend did some research on where to shop in SoBe. The Webster came up and we had been obsessing over their website for a few weeks. I was so excited to finally visit it. I of course went twice to make sure there wasn't anything I really needed. The staff was great and explained that the upper floor is for high end designers (Chanel, Celine, Balenciaga, etc) and the lower level is the more accessible designer lines (MXMJ, Prada, etc.)  They were also really great in answering questions and making sure we were comfortable and looked at everything as long as we wanted too.  After the first time we were here we did go to the Bal Harbour Shops to compare the stock and I have to say The Webster had a more awesome selection of accessories for Chanel and Balenciaga. On our second trip back they recognized us and it was great to feel wanted and important. The only disappointment was that they changed their happy hour to once a month so we weren't able to participate in it. They also close at 8pm on Wednesdays and after dinner we were hoping to do more shopping. But it was ok because we did end up going back the next day to make sober purchases so there was no buyers remorse. They also had a sign that they are doing a clothing line for Target, which is really cool for them to branch out. Shopping here is definitely a must in SoBe.
My friend has been telling us about the 7pm-11pm happy hour at the Webster rooftop bar and lounge. We definitely had to give it a try and check it out. Upon arriving we were greeted by the bartenders and directed to the elevators. The rooftop is small but cozy. It was a very nice night to be out on the roof. Near the entrance you will find the DJ. Music was okay. They have a small bar there. They did not have the first drink we asked for so decided to stick with vodka and coke. Drinks are small but they are 2 for 1. Bartenders are friendly and quick to serve drinks. The view is amazing. It reminded me of a rooftop party I attended in NYC. Overall, it was a very cool place. I would like to return soon! You can't beat happy hour from 7-11pm!
This review is for the roof-top lounge only....I got to briefly pass through the shop on my way to the loo......the selection looked amazing but unfortunately it was closed and they had a burly security guard ready to escort you out the door if you even looked at the Balmain the wrong way..... Some gf's and I decided to watch the Oscars here at the lounge upstairs.....they had a large projection screen hooked up for the show and a special limited menu from the restaurant Kaspia downstairs to order from. We tried a couple of different things.....and it was all yummy but the dish that knocked my Jimmy Choos off was the Linguine Natasha....linguine with smoked salmon, chives in a light garlic and caviar vodka cream sauce....incredible!! The lounge isn't that big....but the couches were comfy and I liked the laid back vibe....would be a great place for chill date or just to relax with some friends.....loved!
Stylish and well-curated, which is rare in the realm of men's clothing and furnishings. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars...I didn't score anything. However, I'll stop back and try again. Oh, as a note: Wear something sharp when you go so as not to feel out of place. A sales associate was certain she knew me, as, of course, I'd been there before. I hadn't. However, it's always nice to be 'recognized' by stylish people.
If I were loaded, I'd come back. Such a cool concept. You walk in and are immediately greeted by a cocktail bar. I'm in! After an hour of being in the heat, that rum and coke was quite refreshing. Then we go exploring...it's like a baby Barney's. Labels like Lanvin, Technobohemian (Malkovich's new line), Rolex....it's redic (in a good way). Felt a tad out of place, I was obviously not going to buy but I do appreciate expensive taste. Would love to check out the rooftop bar next go around.
If you love Alaia, Chanel and Balenciaga, this boutique housed in a 20,000 square foot Art Deco building is a label whore's dream. Quirky Charlotte Olympia clutches live amongst Maison Michel headpieces and Chanel jackets. Although everything is pretty much out of my price range, (with the exception of the signature Webster candles??), I had so much fun looking at everything. Also, the salespeople are very welcoming. To make things even more insanely stylish, they have a happy hour on their rooftop from 7-11PM.
I loved this place! It's separated into two floors. The bottom floor is little more affordable while upstairs are more high end designers. The woman who helped us was really nice and helpful. Afterwards, we went to have a drink at the bar. It's pretty neat.
One thing that never ceases to amazing me about Miami is all of the hidden gems. My favorite restaurant, Escopazzo, is nestled on Washington near a bunch of sex shops, trashy clothing stores and subpar restaurants, but alas it's quite good regardless of the fact the location doesn't make it a place one would usually venture into. The Webster is sort of the same. Most people looking for high-end clothing would just go to Bal Harbour but if you have any knowledge of Miami you know The Webster can cater to all your needs. The Webster focuses on designers and luxury products. From Balmain to Margiela to Rolex to Tom Ford to Lanvin. Just naming those sold me. The store seemingly picks both extremely innovative pieces as well as timeless classics that will always be in season. In LA, I have to go to every different shop on Rodeo just to see what each designer has to offer whereas when I'm in Miami, I can be rest assured that The Webster has picked some of the best pieces the designers I like have to offer. They have EVERYTHING. Including a bar which I thought was a super cool touch. Often times boutiques will give you class of champagne while shopping or hold a party now and then. The Webster caters to your alcoholic needs and you can get your drink on throughout the store or enjoy the rooftop. Okay, I got sidetracked. Whether you want a suit, bow tie, dress, swimwear, watch, jewelry or shoes, The Webster has an amazing selection. There's a store I like called Opening Ceremony which also brings in a lot great, unique pieces that I would compare the Webster too, alas I will say I find The Webster to bring in better pieces as many of those at Opening Ceremony are a bit "hipster-y".
This is the best luxe clothing boutique in Miami.  The inventory is excellent with brands I wouldn't ever think to try and then end up loving.  And the staff is very hip and super attentive.
this boutique is soooo beautiful the staff is soooo friendly and they have gorgeous clothes if you want something special or are looking for a $3000 outfit, this should be your first stop.
This is my favorite mulit-brand boutique in the country!  The staff is friendly, the collections are amazing, and the decor and ambience of the hotel is ultra chic.  I look forward to stopping by again on my next visit to Miami, and in the meantime, I will be shopping their fantastic website!
So pissed!  While traveling on business in Miami, I made it a point to stop here before I left to pick up a anniversary gift for my wife.  She has been dying for a new purse so i figured i would find her something here as they usually have all the latest bags.  So I arrive 10 mins prior to opening.  No one there.  11am rolls around and still no one.  A bald headed man finally shows up in running shoes and shorts and goes in.  I expected him to at least acknowledge me and say give me a few minutes.  He proceeds inside and I continue to wait.  10 mins has now passed and I have to knock on the door to find out whats going on.  He comes and looks at me like "Yes, what do you want?"  I ask, are you opening today?  He says "no, we have a meeting", then shuts the door and locks it!  What the hell?  It was so hot outside i said forget it.  I will go out of my way to Bal Harbour and buy something there.  I dont care how exclusive your shop is.  No reason to be RUDE and unprofessional.  If you are the guy that opened the door on me, please take note!  You just lost a $3K sale and a future customer.
Amazing place!!  Ask for Michelle, excellent taste and style, not invasive nor one of those commission hungry pushers.  Store has one of a kind pieces you can't find anywhere else.
Of course you cant say anything bad about the location, design or merchandise at The Webster. For anyone who knows fashion, likes fashion or LOVES fashion it's spot on. Unfortunately though for me that was all ruined during my first visit there. Im from LA and grew up shopping at some of the top stores in the world and have never actually seen the scene from Pretty Woman re-created, until I got to the Webster. The staff is HORRIBLE! They are rude, snobby (for NO reason) and completely unhelpful. They act like they are working in the fashion capitol of the world and look down on anyone who comes in. When the truth is they probably couldn't afford anything in the store and should remember their job is to wait on people and sell, not stand around like they wannabe famous and on a Bravo TV series. The salesperson knew nothing about any line I asked about and acted like I was a complete bother when I inquired about other sizes, his exact words, "well...sigh...I guess I could look into that..." followed by an eye roll. One of the worst traits a store can have is eyeing up customers to see if they think they can afford their merchandise or make potential customers feel intimidated and un-welcome. Whether or not I was going to buy a t-shirt or Celine dress it shouldnt matter and I shouldnt be judged. For all he knew I could have been his biggest sale of the day. Sorry that I had just switched my Chanel espadrilles for flip flops, maybe then I would have passed the test.
