it was seriously our lucky day when we walk at Venissac. i am a woman and i made my boyfriend buy a few pieces in that store. first i would like to say that the gentleman that took care of us(he has a very special moustache)was so amazing .it was refreshing to have him help us .it was no pressure.a true relaxing experience. but the cuts of the pants and shirts and the materials are just so nice .so so nice. we have nothing that is so respectful to men in san francisco. Mr Venissac you make very special clothes and your clothe make my boyfriend feel very special. thank you.
I am certainly not bashing the clothes here. I was down on South Beach to look at a job and wanted to try and find a few new shirts. I looked through Yelp as I was eating lunch and found Venissac. It was a short, couple block walk, so off I went. The girl working that day was super friendly and helpful but they didn't have any shirts big enough for me. Now, I may not be a waif SoBe model, but I'm not morbidly obese either. I have some pretty nice shirts. This place didn't have a shirt that would fit a professional athlete or a guy like me that could stand to lose a few pounds. I don't know if you've heard, but this is the most overweight country on earth, but damn it, I want to look good!!
Beautiful summer clothes that you can throw in the wash and wear right out of the dryer. I bought my boyfriend a seersucker suit here... for about $300. Men's shirts here are fantastic. Expect them to be about $100/ shirt though. I'm so used to shopping at Nordstom Rack that to me, this store seems a little pricey. But.... hey, the stuff is designed in Miami and the fabrics are great. I splurged and so can you. (I'm sure there's many yelpers out there who'd think this place was reasonably priced!) Funny enough, the salesman's tactic was to keep us in the store talking about *anything* while I had 2 items to ring up. I kept telling him... "go ahead, ring me up." But he kept showing me stuff and delaying my being able to cash out. It was getting a little frustrating... but it worked in his favor. I ended up buying several more items before I left the store.
Nothing like 'cheating' on your favorite Haberdasher (sorry HD's, I had to step out on you this weekend!) while on a quick South Beach weekend get away, but this little gem hit the bill in so many ways. Was strolling down Colins in  Miami Beach when wife/friends with me popped in for some browsing...immediately saw (or was forcefully introduced by my wife) two awesome shirts that I had bagged before I could say "do I need this?"...owner of shop, Mr. Venissac (family name), who is from France has a very interesteing story if you spend a few minutes talking to him, which is what I recommend in a place like this.  All the clothes are designed (some are made) in the Miami area. Shirts are around $95 each, which can be pricey, but are of a very unique design.  I like being fit so these things look like they were made for me (really, they fit as well as some of my custom made work shirts).   Our neighbor friend (man) even jumped the fashion gap by picking up not one, not two, but three awesome shirts.  Not as 'wild' as mine, but I called it a 'transition step' to great style.  Whoop whoop! Great boutique.
Venissac is easily the most memorable and worthwhile boutique in all of South Beach. From a man's perspective, the clothes fit better than anything else I've tried on off the shelf, the materials and style are on point, and the staff is always fun and willing to go the extra mile to make sure everything is works out. Stopping in at Venissac and stocking up for the year is a non-negotiable for me when I visit South Beach. Could not recommend it any more highly.
Very nice handmade, light weight clothing (linen, cotton) and reasonably priced. Nice owner/ service too.
Tropicalisimo!
