God, I've come to dislike this place like many Miamians do now.  I still remember when it opened in 1998, two years after they demolished the Bakery Centre.  I attended the first movie that was ever shown at the AMC.  It was "You've Got Mail."  I remember everyone was so excited, it was so new, with such promise.  Now, it looks ugly and old already.  The sign on 72nd St looks dilapidated, the spiral near the movie theatre has stains all over it, the Virgin Mega Store has been sitting defunct for a long time now, and all the wall coloring is faded.  It's amazing how in just a few years it went from exciting novelty to ugly annoyance.  I almost refuse to go on weekends because it's jam packed with Middle Schoolers standing in a circle in their little "cliques" trying to give themselves the illusion of meaning and purpose.  I'm not too fond of the clothing stores there.  They  aren't spacious enough to accommodate the variety that would make a store great.  I prefer going to Dolphin or Dadeland to do clothes shopping.  I have mixed opinions about the restaurants.  In general, I think the restaurants on 72nd and 73rd are better than most of the ones in Sunset Place.  The one exception is Marhaba, which has really good Arab food, but is costly.  I guess Sunset could be worse, but it's definitely nothing fantastic.  There is so much space being left unused.  The IMAX Theatre went under so quickly that many people never even knew it was there in the first place.
I am very familiar with The Shops at Sunset. I work near there and sometimes visit due to proximity only. I've never really liked it though. Parking is a pain in the ass and there really are not very many good shops there. The other day I needed to return something at Banana Republic. After I decided to get a slice of pizza at The Pizza Place on the 3rd level near Gameworks. The menu had 2 slices and a drink for 6.95. That seemed a little steep but my girlfriend said she would eat the extra slice. I ordered a meat lovers and she had just cheese. The idiot behind the counter rang us up and said it would be 11 dollars and change. I was like the menu board says 6.95. She said meat lovers was an extra charge. 4 dollars extra???? I should have canceled right then but we paid and started to wait and wait. I guess the pizza had to be made from scratch. It took a good 10 minutes until ready. I took a bite and noticed right away it was burnt. I looked at the bottom and yep, completely black. I couldn't eat any more. I tried to let the waitress know but she was no where to be found. I ended up walking out with a bad taste in my mouth. I would not recommend this place. Service is horrible and the food is worse. Stay away.
This is not a high end luxury mall but it's great for it's own reasons. Great location in the heart of South Miami. Private parking garage with carwash services available Huge variety of mid level quality stores plus a great Barnes and Nobles Great movie theatre Outdoor mall with a fun feel to it, no yucky food court, smaller restaurant options plus real restaurants just walking distance. The only con is that it could be a little cleaner and can get packed with teen mall rats but the pros far outweigh the cons and I love this place!
No reason to go here unless your going to a movie. Sorry for all the business owners that lost their life savings when they folded do to little to no clientele.  This beast is doomed , not kept , bathrooms have no paper towels, no mirrors(bad neighborhood) no soap. Outside needs paint, inside... Rebuild it! No outdoor malls really work in florida. Too hot Stores that have failed.... Mayors Niketown Virgin mega Dan marinos Casa ideas Music depot Lots of one offs... Sad for the people tgat lost their jobs or livelihood Do somethin Simons!
I would come here again for about 3-4 shops and Splitsville, other than that there's no need. I was only here for a tournament my son enters at Game Stop. He's into those cards (Yu-Gi-Yoh) that I don't care much for but it makes him happy. I embrace it. Btw, they do these tournaments every Sat at 3 if you like this sort of thing. Sunset place is okay. Nothing great to write about or nothing worse. It's a small shopping center with stores like Forever 21, Delia's Victoria's Secret, Express, Charlotte Rusee, Pac Sun, and Gallerie Z and more. A crepe stand if you want a little snack then the BBQ place right there. Now there's some restaurants around there but not sure which one. I know the's menchie's :) I love Coming here to go to Splitsville but other than that, there's not much.
I love Sunset Place I just wish they weren't closing the whole entire mall.Sunset Place will be closing some time next year there used to be at least 120 stores now there's only 47 including the restaurants.All of my favorite places there have closed Pottery Barn,Dan Marino's,OMG Burgers,Mayors Urban Outfitters and so much more has closed here.But I can give u a 3 reasons why they're closing first parking was a pain in the ass including getting in and out of the parking garage.Second it was always empty and Third it was causing so much traffic on US1 and Sunset Drive.I usually saw the mall packed because of the AMC Theater and Splitsville Bowling Alley I loved both of those places they were awesome.Even though the mall has always been great in my opinion.Luckily the mall won't be closing for a while it also sucks that my favorite Banana Republic location in the mall is closing Oh Well this mall will be missed I'm so sorry to see it go
When you go to a particular place for so long, it always stays with you...even if no longer visit that often. I like Sunset Place. It has nice stores to shop for clothes, shoes, accessories, lotions and perfumes. Lots of restaurants in the area and in the mall. It also has a movie theater, bowling alley and an awesome candy store. There used to be a Cool De Sac but it Is now closed. The mall itself is nice looking and clean. Bathrooms could benefit from a lil make over and the parking lot tends to get pretty busy but you can even get your car washed while you shop.
Don't shop here if you're fat.  Or overweight.  Or pleasantly plump.  Or simply svelte.  I went to three different stores looking for something in 2XL; because I'm the only fat person in Miami (NOT).  They had nothing.  Nada.  Zip.  Oh wait... they had several selections in extra small if your bulemic diet is working out well for you.  .  . And they have snide insulting staff to boot.  The food areas look OK but I wouldn't know since I felt too guilty to put anything into my mouth except prayers for forgiveness and I left in shame. . .
I'm only talking about the parking lot below: I went today for a car wash into this parking lot. The guy for the car wash was just so unpleasant and the service would take so long (at least 2 hours) that I stepped back. Went out of the lot and although I've been there for less than 10 minutes and did not use the parking, they charged me 3 dollars. When someone has to pay for a service he did not use I simply call that stealing. Avoid this parking lot!
When I first moved down to Miami in 2009, I lived within walking distance to Sunset Place.  For me it was a great way to transition into this new city, it was a cute little area with shops and restaurants, a bookstore, movie theater and a bowling alley all within walking distance without dropping right into the overwhelmingness of South Beach or downtown.   Even when I moved to South Beach, I would still occasionally head back down to my old hood to walk around Sunset Place and grab a coffee and magazine at Barnes & Noble.
This shopping center is really conveniently located across from UM, it has a private always package garage, and the essential stores a mall should have. From bowling, movies, and the arcade bar to furniture stores, book stores, and restaurants, not to forget the plethora of clothing stores at a range of prices, this is a really solid shopping center. It has quick access to Sunset so if you're out walking and can't find anything to eat there's tons of places just outside. That being said I only have two gripes. 1) Please, please, please be careful if you are here when it rains. The paving here is incredibly slippery....I don't know who chose it for an open air mall in south Miami but the ridiculous warning signs aren't exaggerating. And 2) the amount of roaming teenie boppers. Up north if you're under 15 and aren't with a parent you aren't allowed in certain malls after like 5 and at all on weekends. This is not to say that kids can't hang out at the movies or GameTime or anything, but I see no benefit in sitting on the steps in the middle of the mall lol If you go to UM chances are you will spend a lot of time here because its central to most amenities near campus and it's not so bad to grab a gelato while perusing the dresses in the first floor shops.
The concept was good.  The execution dismal.   How do I begin?  The parking garage was designed by a complete idiot.  Considering the lack of common sense in engineering in Miami why am I even surprised?  So its too small to maneuver normal sized cars and towards the bottom they have to block off a ton of parking spaces because it gets so crazy those would virtually be trapped when it did.  Nice going slick. The mall itself again, good intentions but its spread out in a not so cohesive way.  The theatres are a joke since you purchase tickets on one floor and go to the theatres on another.   How about the fact that the staircase from the parking garage is so small when its really full everyone has to walk single file up and down.  Of course being in Miami that means that some idiot will try to walk next to his/her friend and don't fit therefore pushing you (in this case, my daughter almost making her fall). Fail fail fail... The stores themselves brought this from a one star to a two.  Sure they have some decent places - Z Gallery, Nike.. but why bother coming here if you don't have to?  No reason unless you are a masochist.
Love this mall. So many places to shop, eat, and even a movie theater. The theater and the restaurants validate the parking and you pay less.
I'm OK with Sunset Place. While I usually never come to this particular mall just to browse or window shop, I've come here to bowl at Splitsville, to see a few movies at the AMC 24 / IMAX theater and to shop at a specific store I may need to visit, especially if my only alternative is to drive a long distance to get to another one of their shops. One cool thing about coming here to this multi-storey open air mall is that you can do some shopping, see a movie or go bowling here, then find a bar or restaurant within walking distance and make an evening of it. I don't normally park in the attached garage as it's hell getting out if you try and leave at the same time a movie or two happen to be letting out, so I normally park at one of the meters about a block away from this mall. As others have mentioned, this place gets packed with teenagers, especially on the weekend evenings so stay away if dealing with packs of teens isn't your thing.
Dear Shops at Sunset Place, I like you!  You are A-OK in my book.  Now, while I find that there are better malls with more stores in South Florida (my favorite being Aventura), you are close to home and on my way from work, so therefore convenient. The bf and I often come here on lazy Sunday afternoons just to walk around and eat at one of the nearby restaurants.  It's a great place to enjoy the outdoors when the weather is nice and cool. You've got some good stores here, but unfortunately you also lack a lot of staples.  Luckily, I can count on Forever 21, Aldo, Victoria's Secret, Armani Exchange and Urban Outfitters.  :)  One can never go wrong at those trusty stores. Most recently we were here during Halloween to try and make our way into the costume shop that had opened, but the line was out the door and through the mall on Halloween day, so we skipped it. We'll be around soon.  Maybe some new stores will open for the holidays?  I sure do hope! Kind Regards, SabrinaAnna*
This place is everything I hate about malls and shopping centers. Too many people , too many car in too small a space and too little parking. Too many suv's driven by people who can't see over the dashboard. I guess if I had kids and could not make it to Disney then I would take them there. It's like a modern Felini movie - mixed The  Stepford Wives and the " It's a Small World " ride. The same old stores as every other mall plus the overpriced Nike Store and a movie theatre complex that is impossible to enjoy the movie. Well there is great Barnes and Nobles - so there is something good. Oh and the Martini bar is ok sometimes but then you walk out into stroller hell which ruins the mood.
For a while, just a nice looking building in the middle of an up and coming area. The area has little shops and nice restaurants while the big sore thumb of a mall is ceased. This place used to be prime, and the one mall I would have gone to a trillion times to watch movies and pretend I could one day go into Gameworks. Not to mention the impossibly cool FAO schwartz and niketown. Virgin was nice but I always thought buying music was so old school (had napster back at home). That was then, this is now. I suppose it's making moves to get back, somewhere. There was a period where you could only find poser creed kids lurking about, now its somewhat moving. Either way, I'll always have something for this place and hope for the best.
The only reason I ever come to this mall is for American Eagle.  The rest of the stores are decent, but I can go to them in The Falls or Dadeland, which I would do over Sunset Place any day. The good: American Eagle The bad: The parking garage. People fly through there like it's the Daytona 500.  They also rip you off on the weekends, with a flat rate of $6-$7. Navigating that mall alone is hard enough, but with a stroller it's a complete nightmare.  The elevators make no sense, and it takes 1/2 an hour to get to your destination, once you figure out how to get there.  And I know this isn't just me, as I see confused people wandering around the mall at all times. Most "malls" open at 10 a.m.  Not Sunset Place.  I arrived at 10:30 the other day, and nothing was open.  There were dozens of other patrons roaming around waiting for the stores to open, too.  Another way they milk another half hour to hour of parking out of you. Lastly, the restrooms. They are always abominable.  And, thank God my kids are potty trained, as they don't have a proper changing table.  They only offer a stainless steel counter, soif you don't have a blanket or something, you have to place your poor baby on a cold, steel shelf.  I know most Moms are prepared for these things, but sometimes you're not, and then you're screwed. I really only think the gym and the movie theater keep this place afloat.
NOOO! I loathe this place! eh! I used to like it when I was  younger - a git i guess you can say, but now that I'm older I can not stand the place. Yes they have nice shops located there, but no thanks. Dadeland, and Dolphin have the same shops. * If you like the hassle of trying to find parking, be my guest.. * Waiting the long lines to pay your ticket either at the machine inside the mall (which is a pain bc sometimes the machine is either broken or rejects the money) or at the the exit of the parking garage, be my guest... * If you like the enormous crowds of middle and high schoolers,  again be my guest... Oh and don't think you're going to enjoy a movie at their theater with all the youngsters around... pfft! I do not deny the fun I had years ago, but now it is just a nuisance to go there.
Wow this new feature yelp has is cool. I guess if you check in it reminds you on your home page to write a review. Many visits to this mall to shop and go to catch a flick. Maria said exactly what I was thinking, the tile on the ground is so unstable and very hard to walk on. Forget if you have heels on. A few times with heels on or even flip flops I have tripped from it being so uneven and thought I would sprain an ankle or worst fall on my face then die from embarrassment. It is an open mall outside, with a few good stores like Forever 21, Barnes and Noble, etc....but we do live in Florida where yes temperature's do get very hot. Try coming here in the middle of one of our Summer's and man there is no relief other than dodging into the closest store for air conditioning. No fans, or better yet fan's with spritzers would make it much more tolerable. I do come here out of convenience. The parking lot is normally very crowded and remember where you park cause you can get lost.....
My little escape from  Downtown Miami. I love this place. It is small but with a good selection of stores like Forever 21, American Eagle,Urban Outfitters,...   It is usually quiet if you  go after work , so I really enjoy to relax there, have a smoothie and read a book at Barnes and Nobles. This is like the perfect little retreat from the city to me. The theatre is nice and right next to the mall there's the Whole Food market which I totally adore. Nothing bad to say about it! True, it's an open air mall but you know where you live so be prepared for the rain just in case! lol
It is perfectly possible for individual merchants to score a better score than the sum of all parts - but as a mall, this place is dismal. The parking situation is completely retarded and additionally, the parking fees are outrageous. Over 15 minutes to get out of the parking garage, ridiculous, and enough to keep me and anyone who asks away from this place. Shoppers - unless you must go to a couple of places here, such as the Imax theater, Nike Town or Gameworks - go elsewhere and avoid at all cost parking in the garage....it will totally ruin your overall experience.
Great place to shop and hang out!  I love walking over from University of Miami and hanging out with friends. With places like splitsville and the movies its very easy to spend the day here.  Parking is relatively cheap since their is validation at most establishment which lowers the cost by a lot.   The parking garage though can be an extreme mess. I've gotten loss on multiple occasions and getting out during prime time can take a while.
I'm always teasing my lady Yelper friends on their shopping habits, so this review isn't about their clothing stores. Besides I don't think they are too strong in the men's business wear department.   I come mostly to LA Fitness, but have also indulged at a couple of the food places (Marinos, LA Sweets and one of the crepe carts). I've also gone to the movies here. Parking's more than a little complicated and it can be pricy since they go to flat rate (about $6) parking even on weeknights. However you can get about 2 hours validated at the gym & theater. Speaking of the parking,  the lines at the attendant are long but that's because management is trying to convert it to an automated facility.  Still the line may be worth it because the auto pay machines can be temperamental, particularly for validated tickets. Its an open air mall with a courtyard; you're exposed to the elements whether a 100 degree summer day or monsoon. I've gotten a couple of unwelcome showers running to my car since some parts have no roof. Also, the crowd trends on the young side. Bring some hearing protection whenever the gazillionth installment of Twilight is out!
This is my go-to mall, although I often wonder why I don't trek the extra mile or so to Dadeland, since it offers sooooo much more in terms of selection (plus, parking is free there). Sunset Place has a lot of positives - convenience for South Miamians, a Forever 21 on site, a movie theater & bowling alley. The selection of stores isn't exactly amazing, but they have some staples that keep me coming back: Victoria's Secret, Claire's, Barnes & Noble etc. The setup of the mall is kinda weird - the stores in the back seem to get forgotten, which is unfortunate for them. We always hit up the movies here, and Splitsville has great happy hour deals, too. All in all, the mall is A-OK, as the rating suggests. As I write this I'm really starting to wonder more and more why I come here so often. There are a lot of restaurants and stuff in the vicinity, so there are plenty of reasons to hit up the area, but the mall isn't really anything special. PS - I never park in the on-site garage since it can be a nightmare to get out of if they're busy. One street over, near RA Sushi is a municipal garage with decent rates.
Parking: - yeii!!! they have automated machines where you can now pay with credit card - however, what good does that do you when the line to get out of the parking is so long (on a Tuesday!!!!) that by the time you get to the exit, it's been more than 15 minutes and you have to pay an additional two dollars!!! Parking validation also doesn't make much sense; after the movie, we all validated our tickets, and I was charged more than someone who had been there longer, weird! Flooding: - seriously. this is Miami, it rains, which during the summer months translates to: it floods. this mall is divided by what could be called a pedestrian street, which floods so high when it rains the water covers the sidewalks. meaning you can't cross the "street" to get to the other side, leaving you to either walk all the way around the mall till you find an area where you can cross, or stranded where you are till the drains start working again. IMO, the only good stores in this mall are Urban Outfitters & Banana Republic. It has a few other good ones, but not the variety you'll find in larger malls. The stores are okay, but the parking situation and flooding issues are enough to keep me away.
Wasn't planning on coming here, but discovered The Shops At Sunset Place because it had an Urban Outfitters! There are a bunch of chick stores here like Delias (never seen an actual store before...just seen the clothes from a catalog), Love Culture, Forever 21, Pac Sun...etc. This plaza would be much better if it had more appetizing restaurants besides like Buffalo Wild Wings. If it had cute romancy restaurants maybe this place would be more interesting! I think I remember seeing a movie theater here too? They have cute boutique stores too!
Sunset Place. You're not my favortie mall, but you're not bad. Some of your stores are great: Urban Outiftters, Up Against the Wall, Bath & Body Works, Forever 21, American Eagle Outfitters, Gap, the Disney Store, etc. Some I don't care for, but I wouldn't care for them in any mall. The Barnes & Noble holds a place in my heart for many of my nights as a teen was spent there. The theaters also hold a special place in my heart for I would also frequent them often as a teen but even more so because I had a friend who worked there. However, the place is overrun by teens (much like when I was a teen) any night of the week. Thank God for validated parking because the rates are pretty steep. The Virgin Store, why don't they do something about it? That place was awesome when it was in business, but Jesus, fix it already! So something to it! It's just an eyesore now. They have pretty cool eateries too: Sunset Gelato and Dan Marino's. But nothing out of the ordinary. I like the layout of it, but again, it is nothing out of this world. It does not wow, it does not impress. It's just there. Very blah. They have tried to pump it with life: Splitsville (Have not been there yet). But this place needs a complete makeover! Do it! DO IT NOW!!
My 2 fave spots here are It'sugar and Urban Outfitters This spot's fun for taking pics - I'm such a tourist We went inside It'sugar twice since we ran out of candy Love their ziploc plastic bags Refilled on sour cherry treats and rolled up licorice They also had hello kitty stuff which were hard to resist Urban Outfitters had the tokidoki Donutella holiday ornament I wanted Zumiez reminded me of the nephew We're used to the crazy tight parking garages from our 'hood So parking was fine for us
When I think of Sunset Place, my first question is always "What's considered Sunset Place?" Yes, there are the typical mall-like stores and a couple random restaurants that are clearly Sunset Place. But, there are also the places like Green Monkey, Winn Dixie, and other restaurants and shops on curvy hidden streets. The mall itself is decent. It definitely does not have as many stores as Dadeland, but it is very convenient for students who need to find something at Express or Forever 21. Since it is so close to the university, stores can run out of new clothing pretty quickly. The restaurants here are nothing special. However, if you are considering Menchie's as part of Sunset Place, then I can say the frozen yogurt option is superb. The actual Sunset Place is a very teeny bopper mall. Friday nights look like any cliche high school movie. There is also a movie theater that is usually fairly crowded. Parking in the garage isn't too much of a pain. The people in the garage are crazy, but that is Miami driving in general. But, those meter checkers are like sneaky little bugs. Don't park for one second longer than the amount of money in your meter or your frozen yogurt will end up costing $40. I have seen it happen before. In summary, it will surely do in a pinch and satisfies a relaxing Sunday afternoon, but Sunset Place is not as expansive as many other Florida malls.
When I was a teenager, my best friend Reynel would force his mom to drive us 30 minutes from his house to Sunset Place so that we could repetitively circle the mall, check out the hotties, and gossip. It was also the place where we woulg go to (safely) meet all of those strangers that we had spoken to on Myspace. Needless to say, I experienced a lot of  "firsts" at Sunset Place: I got my first short-lived job at a pretzel place that went out of business a few years ago, I had my first memorable kiss while watching a movie at the AMC, I went on my first date with a girl who latered dedicated one too many Tegan and Sara songs to me, I felt really cool for the first time after purchasing a shirt at American Apparel, and I dry humped for the first time in a spot that was probably not as a private as I thought it was. I seldom purchased anything. As an adult, you should avoid Sunset Place on the weekends. Nowadays, whenever I go to this mall, I head directly into the coffee shop inside of Barnes and Noble, spend my adult time on Facebook or Yelp, and then leave without venturing into the Urban Outfitters side of the mall, which is where most of the faces in the crowd are riddled with pimples. That reminds me, can you review skin care products on Yelp? If so, I owe Neutrogena one angsty review.
Good shopping selection and plenty of dining entertainment options in the center and close by. Nice clean get away from downtown without the madness of these Miami malls.
I wouldn't call this a mall. It's more of a small collection of shops. The Shops at Sunset Place is kidding itself when they charge for parking. It's not like it's in San Francisco or New York. Parking aside, I like browsing the shops. Banana Republic, Express, Z Gallerie, and B&N are my usual go to stores. It's a clean and well maintained shopping area. There are numerous security guards throughout. I sometimes stop by the Whole Foods nearby. The AMC Movie Theater is probably why this place stays alive.
This'll be fun - a review of my backyard. So I am probably a bit biased because I live 3 blocks away in an apartment, so I literally live in and around SP. I used to visit this place when it first opened when it was still cool on Friday nights to see a movie and get a frappuccino afterwards at B & N haha. Now it seems like the cool crowd has moved towards the outskirts of Sunset Place - Tavern, Irish Times, Carrabas, Jake's, Town, etc. The mall itself is mostly for shopping, movies, and tweens. Some of the shoppes are a revolving door and keep changing to new ones, so it's always nice to take a walk around and check out any changes. I loved Barney's but soon enough it was gone and Cheeseburgers in Paradise, and now that's gone too. Some of the clothing places have changed, a new cupcake store in the back you should check out LA Sweets since the owners are very friendly people. Parking is a pain of course. Somehow they think this is Coral Gables all of a sudden and you've gotta pay for meters or a garage. That's why it's nice to live nearby and walk over. At least you can still validate your parking at the movies. Beware of the new parking machine that you pay at since the lines can get long after a big movie lets out. Atleast it's better than that cashier at the pay window who stole my $20 once and claimed it was a five. Things you might not know and should check out: LA Sweets & filmmetro.com give out free AMC movie tickets sometimes, Splitsville apparently has cheap bowling night on Tuesdays after 10pm, parking is way cheaper Monday to Friday so if you're going go Friday instead of Saturday and the Halloween store opens August 1st in the back.
This is an open mall catering to a wide range of shoppers-  It offers a variety of shopping styles and wide range of prices (something for bargain hunters and for people who like to spend more for no particular reason).   Though the patrons that just walk around is the traditional tweens who walk around people watching.  The mall does offer some grown up activities i.e. Marinos and a bowling alley/restaurant/club.  It offers a movie theatre - though no student discounts anymore :-(.... and a gym: L.A. Fitness.  However, just because it is one of the only malls that still has a bookstore makes it worth a visit.   Negative: You have to pay for parking.  Positive - you can get your parking ticket validated with some of the stores.... though on weekends - it may just be a flat $6 to park.
This place hasn't changed much since the last time I went (like, 5-6 years ago!). They have some great new stores in this mall and they've been able to keep up the infrastructure of the place. Though the parking garage may seem packed, you are likely to find a spot and you don't have to wait to pay until the exit- they now have convenient machines that you can pay beforehand with a credit card or cash. If you're unlucky like me, you might get a ticket that the machine cannot read but no worries, you can pay at the exit with cash or card. I'll definitely be coming back to visit more thoroughly all the great new stores as well as visiting those that are staples to this place.
I love the ambience of this mall as it is an enclosed outdoor mall. You feel like you're in a little village when you're walking in it. The surrounding areas are great too -- with cafes, restaurants and street front stores. Great urban feel and there's a Metrorail nearby. There are A/X, Aeropostale, AMC 24 theatre (with rearview window captioning for the deaf as well), banana republic, Barnes & Nobles, a gelato (italian ice cream) place, pizza place, internet cafe, Virgin Megastore and Gameworks (a great arcade) to name a few stores here.
I never get tired of this place.  Maybe because I live far and never go.  But every time I visit it, I love it.   Smaller than a mall with all the stores I actually enjoy.  The movie theater although not the best in the world is convenient. Some of my favorite restaurants are nearby so I can always go have lunch after shopping. Out with my 3 year old? Cool De Sac is the place to go.
I really like this mall and the stores it has to offer. The movie theater has very comfortable seating compared to other theaters. My only complaint is having to pay up to $6 for parking here. What kind of crap is that?
I mean I really don't find a lot of things here but I like to go to watch a movie or drink or go to Splitzville
It looks like this mall is officially dying as a large portion is now being marketed as office space. It was nice in it's heyday (10 years ago); however, it has suffered from chronic vacancy and an exodus of good stores (Aldo, Niketown, Virgin Megastore, Dan Marino's, etc.) and that garage......it really is the worst....goes on forever, tight spots and expensive...really bad! Also, it doesn't help that the mall's existing tenants haven't maintained themselves (LA Fitness and Barnes and Noble).  They are in poor condition and I wouldn't be surprised if they close. Personally, I'd like to see just the ground level be converted to retail (facing the street) and the rest offices and keep the theater.
Excellent steak at Dan Marino's and I thoroughly enjoy Johnny Rockets.
Booo to the Self-Pay-for-parking kiosks! Boooo! We found a space easily and fast! Found the validation machine inside the movies just fine! #1 pay for parking machine had a line...a LONG line! #2 pay for parking machine was rejecting 90% of bills: 20s, 10s, 5s, and 1s. Unhappy! When I finally found another kiosk, paid, and was driving out, what did I drive past? A payment booth with a live human being sitting inside! Booo!!! I could have used my cash there instead of risking my identity by using a credit card at that stupid pre-pay-parking kiosk! Booo!
Excellent steak at Dan Marino's and I thoroughly enjoy Johnny Rockets.
Boys day out with Zak!!!
Bring back the NikeTown store!
The AMC is fine. Gap is fine. Banana Republic is fine. The Pizza Place is NOT. I guess in the past few months since I have last been there The Pizza Place has changed their method of ordering, service etc. Before youd be able to go up to the counter and order, but now you have to seated (I guess, since there was no sign indicating that and after THREE employees saw us standing with no intention of informing us about the change) and if its to- go then you order at the counter. Anyhow, of course at ordering it felt like we were bothering the guy at the kitchen--got complete attitude. After that a waitress comes up to sort of lecture us that if we order at the counter its for to go orders and if we want to stay and eat we sit at the tables. Either way, the attitude, the lack of customer service, the lack of pro-activeness -- made this trip unpleasant and we regretted in not asking for our money back. Honestly I can spend the money elsewhere. Your pizza might be good, overpriced yes, but you no longer are getting my business.
We went on a weekday after 6 pm and were ripped off by the $6 flat fee of the parking lot. We stayed for 28 minutes only and had to pay $6 for parking!!!!!! I hate when you have to pay for spending in a shopping mall. The good stores here that we know are L.A. Sweets, Casa ideas and It's sugar. I don't mention the ones you can find anywhere like bath and body works, the disney store, etc. They don't have strollers for kids either.
Probably the worst tile for a mall that is half open air in a city where it rains a lot and people have a tendency of wearing sandals and flips-flops.
Ah shoot, I had fun here today...my kids went to Gameworks with a friend of mine leaving me an hour to people watch while others I was with trolled the shops - I hate shopping so I hung over the 2nd floor balcony people watching.  This place is full of teens on the weekend and its fun watching them, watching what they are wearing and how they interact with each other.  Then you have the UBER "I'm soo cool I freeze this place" ladies with the pouting lips and big sunglasses and all wearing the same style of clothes and ultra straightened hair....all business, spending their husbands money as quickly as they can make it...my next stop from here was Walmart...what a culture change.....I always wonder what each end of the spectrum makes of ME!
This place had it going on back in the day, but now it is nothing more than a mirror of everything that is completely wrong with society today. A crappy economy leading to the death of stores left and right. Masses of underaged, unsupervised hoodlums running amuck, screaming, play fighting and causing ruckus. Boatloads of scantily clad preteens strutting their muffin tops and butt-cheeks begging for the attention of the aforementioned crowd. I'm sure this place would make a killing if they sold Plan B in their vending machines. Oh, and let's not forget the 5 and 6 year old little ones being "cared for" by the preteens mentioned above - I'm sure the things they are learning from their older siblings will lead them down the path of excellence and success.... Where are their parents? Shouldnt these kids be @ cool De Sac? This place needs to follow Miami Lakes' footsteps and enforce a curfew STAT. As far as safety goes, two uniformed clowns who are what I assume to be security guards prance around contemplating the consequences of statutory rape charges while Tweeting or Facebooking incessantly. There would be no way in hell they would be able to control a crowd if a massive fight broke out. I wonder if they would even notice... The only thing left visiting @ this mall is Barnes and Noble, Forever 21, and the theater... Ill let you guess which of those 3 is free and clear of future delinquents. It's a shame this place is last on our last of where to go for dinner and a movie. They need to get it together before it gets any worse.
This place would be great if the parking garage didn't suck. I'm also not a fan of the jits walking around and wasting valuable space in this very pretty shopping center. I really like the layout for this mall and they have really great stores ( i used to work at the Banana Republic here years ago). The movie theater is also really great and has a lot of movie options to chose from, but i always tend to leave this theater as a last option, cuz frankly i hate spending 2 hours trying to get out of the garage after watching a movie on a Saturday night, crazy! Tip: go here during the week for some shopping and movies. If you have to go on the weekend, then try to get here before 6pm and you'll beat the madness.
Sunset is a small and convenient shopping center. The only store that is really of interest to me is the Forever 21, since there aren't many of these stores around Miami. They also have an Arden B, Wet Seal, Aldo, Vicky Secret, a couple of jewelers, AMC movie theater, Gameworks, Borders and a few other stores. They have a couple of good restaurants too, including Dan Marino's restaurant. Parking here is always a mission, even though they have a parking garage.
When I was in high school I used to ride past here on the bus while it was being built and I couldn't wait for it to be finished. The opening day a bunch of us caught the metro rail to check it out and we was immediate fans!!! I remember I missed my school bus on purpose to try to get in line to get some Jordans at Nike Town years back that was cool. I have plenty memories of this place from years ago but lets fast forward to today. Lets start by saying 80% of the stores that I remember being here is gone no nike town, virgin music store, mayors jewelry, gameworks the lists goes on. I really don't know what happened here but I didn't even get that I missed you feel ya know sometimes when you don't go somewhere for a while when you come back you get that damn I missed this place feel....oh well three stars is a much as I can do.
Avoid coming if it's too hot/humid or raining cause the space is mainly roofless.  They do charge for parking which kind of sucks for a shopping mall, but it's nice inside and could easily translate into a relaxing day of browsing, dining and walking around since there are so many cute stores and eateries in the area.  The movie theater is great too and they validate parking.
This mall sucks.. Its pretty much an outdoor mall, and since it is located in Miami Florida it does NOT help.. Walking around this mall is so tiring because of the heat, and there aren't very many good stores to shop from. They have a bowling alley and a movie theater on the 3rd level .. The mall isn't too bad I guess since it is located off of sunset surrounded by many other restaurants and small boutiques..
Nice place you know its a outside mall basically to me. It has a nice feel, good ambiance, and places to go day and night. Like gametime, movies, bars, and many different stores and places to eat. It could be a little pricy but nothing to gasp about. I would def come again its a cool place to just get out and do something.
I used to go here a lot when I was younger, because frankly they're aren't alot of options when your under 18 years old living in Kendall!  Now I only go when I want to watch a movie or eat at a nearby restaurant. For those of you seeking to hang out here at night they have Gameworks, Martini Bar and Johnny Rockets among other restaurants and stores.
This open air style mall is nice, while it's not raining. There is a decent variety of shops, but there is not the draw of a major anchor store. Parking is provided by an attached garage. The real reason to come here is the laid back atmosphere and the surrounding shops.
Whats going on I went last week to check out some stuff and saw the entire place was empty. Did Urban Outfitters close down for good. There wasn't even info if there was a sale etc.
Good place but just few stores I love the imax amc in this mall also the gameworks and some few stores lol bit over price but good mall
There is a great selection of shops and restaurants with covered open air shopping. 1 star off for charging for parking-You are coming here to shop!; and for NOT being very handicapped accessible.
I remember The Shops At Sunset Place was the go-to hot spot for high school students to catch a movie on a Friday night, and I see that seven years later this outdoor shopping mall has not lost its touch. They have a wide selection of stores, from perusing for random items at Urban Outfitters to reading a nice novel at Barnes & Noble. This shopping hall has everything you ever wanted and much more. However, their stores are not created for discount shoppers and penny pinchers alike. It could be pricy at times, but still this place is great for hanging out and watching a movie. 5 stars!
I'm saddened every time I come. I feel like this shopping center has declined it's it retail store considerably since it first opened. They need to get better stores in there. And do something the other side of the mall where Urban is. It's practically dead over there. The mall itself needs some TLC
Definitely prefer this place over The Falls. It's got a stadium seating movie theater and nearly all the brand-name shops you want + some sunny ambiance you don't get at nearby malls like Dadeland. Why do I go here? This is probably the best location for Forever 21 and decent sales at Urban Outfitters. Its the nearest Nike Town around. Its even got an IMAX. Lotsa surburbian teens/UM students come here to stroll around, watch the movies, and shop.
I never thought I would consider going to the mall a treat, but an 80 degree outdoor mall 5 hours before you're suppose to fly back to a foot of snow and freezing temps was the best way I could have seen Miami off.  I liked the vertical, indoor/outdoor feel of the mall.  I was pretty shocked to go outside between buying my ticket and going into the actual theater!  Nice mall, all the stores you would expect of an upscale area.  I guess my only gripe was the parking garage - that was pretty terrifying experience.
I end up at this place all the time but it's only for convenience rather than actually wanting to go here. The parking lot is a mess. It's cramped, small, and cars constantly take forever to park. Plus, the lines getting out can get rather ridiculous if a lot of movies get out at the same time. If you have no choice but to go here, I'm sorry. However, if you can go somewhere else, I would.
The good about the Shoppes of Sunset is that they offer key stores of interest but the downside to that is that there really isn't a large selection. It seems that they are only really catering to the UM students nearby or anyone under the age of 30. It also annoying that they charge to parking in their own garage.
So this mall has pretty much everything your looking for from movies to shopping to dining.
Pretty good shops, AMC has lots of screens, and splitsville is fun. For good food just walk any direction out of the mall. The SoMi area has great dinning. It's a good mall for residents and kids of the SoMi hood.
Parking :/ their garage is always packed, number one reason why I hate coming here, other than that there are loads of new stores and some really great restaurants nearby.
Good for family, dates, friends.... celebrate any occasion.  There's shops, bowling alleys, Game Works, movie theater, restaurants & more.
not my favorite mall, been a few times...the parking is ridiculous for an hour and doesnt ever change. The stores in the mall are okay but nothing to go out of my way for. Ive gone mainly to the movie there which is great they validate parking but blows its by only taking off a few bucks.
Retail therapy session in the middle of a hot Miami summer day in an open air mall was a little much.  Sunset Place is always a good time, the entire place is clean and the variety of stores are acceptable.  My choices include Victoria's Secret, Urban Outfitters, and American Eagle.  The movie theater on the 3rd level is a Regal Cinema and they have electronic ticket machines so you don't have to wait in line.  Sunset Place is also home to Splitsville the pricey bowling alley with cool looking decor.  South Miami is in general a beautiful part of town and Sunset Place matches the vibe over there.
I was not here for long, but I did walk around and eat at Dan Marino's and I had a good time. The food at Dan Marino's was awesome and it was a cool place to watch sports. I also saw a movie theatre here. Parking is an issue here, which is never fun. If you are in the area, this is a cool place to check out. I will be back.
Decent shops not a huge variety but you can definately find some good items. LA fitness, good bars, movie theater, barnes & noble, good restaurants and very close to very good restaurants, garage parking I really enjoy sunset place!
This place used to be more happening back in the day, now it looks like a ghost town. I've only been to the movie theater, Game Time, and Barnes and Nobles recently, so please, suggest other places here if they are worth it. I just remember it was livelier a few years ago and had better restaurants. I hope it picks up or gets some new venues or something, because it's a shame. It's in a prime location and has a parking lot, a commodity in Miami. Haven't really hit any "shops" here in a while, because I'm really not drawn to what they have. I will give it another chance, of course, but since I haven't been here in a while, the last couple of times I went recently I was disappointed at how desolate it was.
This place has a lot of stores, but the parking it the horrible part of the whole experience. Every time I come here I'm hoping it gets better, but it doesn't. Parking outside or inside the garage sucks! I hate coming here really because of that. Otherwise, I would have a better experience.
Love coming here to watch a movie, read a book at Barnes and Noble, or walk across the street to eat at Akasi or Menchies.
Honestly, the only draw this place offers is the movie theater.  Most of the shops (Gap, Banana Republic, etc.) can be found at the nearby Dadeland Mall (with free parking). The worst part about this place has to be the horribly designed parking garage. I can't tell you how many times I have been stuck in a traffic jam trying to get out of there after a movie lets out!  Weekend late shows are the worst.
This mall is one of the most frequented by tourists. Its small compared to Dolphin Mall..but for one of those quick shop n run situations its great. I frequent the movie theater here. I've also been bowling its an alright experience. This mall does get the job done. Barnes and Noble staff are really nice here too.
This mall is a cute open place to shop. It's a little uncomfortable getting around with a stroller. The parking is crazy and you have to pay.
My favorite mall in all of Dade County! Whenever i head over there with my friends, it's never a dull moment. There's so much to do, from heading over to GameWorks (which is now called GameTime), or going bowling at Splitsville. i always end up heading to the Barnes and Nobles to check out what books they have. The AMC is pretty big compared to the one at Aventura, but you have to go downstairs to purchase your tickets, and upstairs to go to the actual theater. Their Forever 21 isn't as big as the one in Aventura, and they don't have a Sephora which kind of upsets me, but it's still a great mall.
First off, the location is excellent. I love its design. With that being said, this place could have been so much better. There seems to be a disconnect between the south entrance and the north entrance. The move theater, the bowling alley, and most of its popular stores are located by the south entrance. I really cannot tell you much about the north entrance because they keep on changing vendors. I think that the movie theater should have been built in the center of the mall rather than on the south side. Since many people go to the movies, they end up staying to the south side of the mall. If they would have built the theater in the middle, the stores on the north side would have a better shot at staying in business and the mall would have been better for it.
