One of my fave parks in miami...I usually like to take walks here with my dog....is very peaceful and relaxing. The view is breathtaking...it makes you realize we live in such a beautiful city. I've seen people doing yoga, running, walking, having picnics..etc. If you feel like disconnecting for awhile, be sure to pay this park a visit.
This happens to be one of my favorite areas to run. I call it the pizza since it looks that way on map my run. I usually like to stare at my phone while I run to see how far it'll take me till I run to the crust! Lol its a stupid mental motivator I've come up with... So I normally try and park along St. Jude church and start the run at the end of that street. It's alongside the water so its a nice breezy run that continues and curves around some of the restaurants there along the bay including Crazy About You, etc... In total the run ends up being right around 3.5 miles but the actual Brickell Key Loop aka Pizza is about 1.1 not including the bridge to get there. Its a man-made island east of Downtown Miami and the Miami River connected by a bridge. The path is safe and great for runners, walkers, crawlers...you name it. Its safe, clean and has some of the most scenic views of the city. Definitely a fave!
Love it here, a really  nice path that connects to this huge trail behind the mandarin hotel and just continues on along the beautiful bay all the way to downtown and bayside area. There are plenty of runners here and they all seem to have a pretty active life. Its very motivating and while you run you get clean fresh air with a hint of salt. I encourage runners, joggers or just walker to come try this out, you'll love it as you relax by the bay, there are some nice benches along the way if you need to just take it all in and take five.
I absolutely love this area. It is conveniently located for me as I live in Brickell. I must say I have truly never been to a more beautiful running trail. On one end of the island you have downtown Miami as a backdrop, on another you have a nice view of key biscayne and on another you have the ocean and the port of Miami. The whole trail is lined with palm trees, lush green grass, benches, flowers and cool sculptures. If you aren't interested in going for a run they also have an area with picnic tables where you can enjoy the scenery while you eat. If you haven't been here it is a 100% must see in Miami! Highly recommended.
Amazing park.... Some of the best views in MIami. Tranquilty and peace in an insane city...
Since moving to Brickell, this is my favorite place to go for short, easy runs. The views are beautiful and the paths are clean and well maintained. There's a fabulous fenced-in playground complete with a seesaw and a sandbox, which makes my little ones very happy, and big grassy rolling lawns overlooking the bay. The path around the perimeter of the island is roughly a mile long according to my Garmin, so it's easy to do a few laps for mileage while enjoying the fact that at least one side of the island is always shaded by tall buildings. Brickell Key itself is a very pedestrian-friendly place, so don't be afraid to meander around here for awhile on a beautiful sunny day.
Let me say that I absolutely love this place. It's beautiful. It's clean. It's safe. It's just wonderful. If you go there for running/walking the park is a little over a mile each lap.  There is a small area for children to play, but honestly, I don't use it for that so I am not the best judge of that. HOWEVER... Since I use this park for running let me tell you about some things that happen here which truly annoy me. I can't knock the park because people who use it are morons. 1. Couples running together using the entire walkway. MAKE ROOM FOR EVERYONE ELSE. 2. STOP WEARING MATCHING OUTFITS. 3. People who don't watch their children and let them run into you as you're running. 4. See number 3, but insert dog. 5. People who randomly stop in the middle of the walkway and don't get out of the way. 6. Anyone using a stroller. 7. People walking who don't want to get out of the way of someone running. 8. People walking in groups who walk like they're playing a game of red rover and block the entire walkway so I have to run in the grass. I mean, other than that the park is perfect. You'll see the bay, you'll see some lizards and you'll see some hotties who motivate you to work out a little harder.
Bes place in Miami to take a calm, scenic, relaxing walk!
This is a beautiful place. However, For the obnoxious people who come here expecting people to stop enjoying themselves because you're jogging; Please  know that Brickell Key IS NOT a county park. It's a gated neighborhood. As a matter of fact there are small  signs that say the park and playgrounds are for the enjoyment of the association members and they guests. People pay a lot of money to live here. So don't get pissy cause I'm walking with my baby stroller around my neighborhood that I pay to live in. Who cares if my baby wants to run on the path and can't get out of your way quick enough? He's not bothering you. Besides that, He lives here, you probably don't. You can jog other places, like your OWN street. Mr. Jogger you're a visitor here. Mind your manners on Brickell Key or GET OUT!
Brickell Key Park and the Promenade that goes around Brickell Key Island has one of the most breathtaking views of the Port of Miami, Downtown Miami and Key Biscayne. It has one of the most well maintained sidewalks in the neighborhood and a community of the most responsible dog owners in South Florida. You can get to Brickell Key Park by walking over the Brickell Key Bridge, take a right on the path in front of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. Follow the path around the island going counter clockwise. It's a great walk/run. There are many benches along the way. This is the main reason you see people walking across Brickell Key Bridge. Be careful walking over the bridge since it is under construction and you share the sidewalk with people going in both directions.
Brickell key park is my Oasis! It is such a beautiful place to walk with no fear of vehicular manslaughter. I have been bringing my pup here almost every day and he is much happier. It is very pet friendly and the dog owners are eager to allow their dogs to socialize. Their are also lots of joggers and walkers that have no problem sharing the sidewalk. If you live in the Brickell area do not hesitate to check it out.
Brickell Key Park offers the perfect setting for a beautiful, paved and scenic jog in Brickell.  A lot to see and do, many people milling about and there is a lot going on.  Best part is they're CLEAN.  =D
