Love this place! The trainers are great, the workouts are intense and challenging but so fun! I am not unfamiliar to gyms, I have been am athlete all my life... So I  telling you this place is the real deal of you want long lasting results. The best part is that the trainers remember your name even thought there is a lot of students. They make you feel special :)
Jungle Fitness Miami Compound is truly an experience worth having!  I have been with Jungle Fitness for the past 2 years. In this time I have been challenged and pushed to limits that I thought previously were unobtainable. I have seen my body change; my unhealthy habits turn to healthy habits and my self-esteem improve.  All of these changes are a direct reflection of the amazing staff at the Compound.   The trainers (Edwin, Janet and Armando) always find a way to motivate you at your lowest points.  They treat you as family.  Making the compound not just a gym, but a place to come to when you are in need of a little tough love.   Their educational programs have been very beneficial for me in my own profession as a teacher.  I have been able to schedule nutritional and workout seminars for my high school dance students.  My students have really responded to these seminars, and as a result have changed the way they view fitness and healthy living. Jungle Fitness Miami Compound is a great facility and beautifully maintained!  It truly lives up to its name "Jungle", with great artwork and fun music.  Motivational quotes litter the walls, always giving you something to work for. My favorite... "The Thought of being average scares me".  With names like the Gauntlet and Death Row, the compound's "monkey bars" are challenging and a constant source of achievement when a task is completed on them.  Ropes, tires, well maintained weights, and other exercise equipment are also available to prove skill and create challenge. My favorites by far are the boot camp style classes.  It is where the Jungle Family trains together.  These classes are challenging, fun and a whole lot of hard work. I am a true fan of the Jungle, and I recommend this amazing fitness center to anyone who is in need of starting or maintaining a healthy life regiment.
If you haven't experienced an amazing work out until you've gone to Jungle Fitness. I've been part of the Jungle Fitness family for about four years and haven't looked back. Whether it's attending a class or working out on your own, the trainers are there to support you and your goals. Although the workouts seem impossible, you'll be surprised by what you can achieve in just a short time. You see results within no time, but you have to stay committed. We don't play around in the jungle, we do some serious work. They take the phrase, "Train insane or remain the same" to a whole other level. Also, great deals in terms of prices. For what they offer, you are basically getting a gift. This is not just a gym full of people, this a family, the jungle fit family! Don't think about it, just do it!
Best gym in town! Edwin and Jannett are amazing people and trainers. You definitely feel like part of a team when you join this gym! All of their staff motivate you and everyone that goes there becomes connected to you because there's one goal in mind: get fit or die trying!
Best place to work out in Miami. Open gym, boot camp classes, nutrition advice, meal plans, customized workouts, goal setting, spinning (live and virtual),professional equipment, fun and sociable workout environment. I could go on and on but until you've been to the jungle you just wouldn't understand. I've lost a lot of weight under the supervision of Edwin, Janette and staff.  Went from running a lap feeling like I was going to die to running many miles and feeling more alive than ever.
I've been training with Jungle Fitness for  5 years and I continue to be challenged by the unconventional style of workouts that never get boring. The trainers are passionate about what they do and it shows. They are always ready and available to guide you to reach your goals. From nutrition to customized workouts, this place is so much more than just a gym!
Amazing and very helpful staff------the workouts are hard, but at a pace of your choosing.  They are hard but make you want to work harder.  I'm a recurring member and love it.
