I love it! The ocean was clear and sand was soft. If you would like to go the beach where is not south beach. I recommend that you should come here and you will not disappoint!!
I. LOVE. THIS. PARK! It has so many of the benefits of Crandon without the drive or the cost!  The "park" consists of pavilions, plenty of picnic tables with bbq stands nearby, lush grass and large trees that provide excellent shade. Just a few steps behind the beautiful park area is my favorite beach in Miami.  The sand is soooo much softer than that of South Beach, there's plenty of room to move around, it's not so crowded and has more of a family atmosphere in general. One of my favorite things is coming out here with a beach towel, book, some ice water and music to just lay out and chill.  I've also been here for the aforementioned Drum Circle and under a full moon, the energy from the drums and the people is awesome. There's more than enough street parking and a couple lots directly across the street. The only thing I dislike is that I didn't know about this place sooner!!
That full moon drumming circle beach thing?  Hells yeah. I fully expected to encounter a haphazard group of novice and professional drummers, their patchouli-smelling groupies, and a couple of crackheads.  I was pleasantly proven greatly mistaken. I love ceremonies that involve drums, dancing with wild abandonment and sighing at the moon.  People of all stripes descended on the beach to partake of balmy breezes and banging beats.  It was one of the highlights of my three month stay here.
I swear, this is the EXACT beach spot where they record those hypnosis & relaxation CD's where you hear the sounds of waves! During the day, this is an excellent beach if you want to tan, relax and swim, or just lay out in the sun. Waves themselves seem to be a little more active and better for surfing than South Beach proper as you're away from the jetty. There are a couple of volleyball nets,  and some picnic tables on the grassy area facing Collins Avenue. You're also within walking distance of three of my favorite restaurants (Rancho Grande, Valentino Sul Mare, and Sazon). Manolos is near here, and Prima Pasta is in the area as well. I've come here plenty of times, for events ranging from my High School reunion's picnic, to just lounging and relaxing. At night is when the "magic" comes out, as this is the general area where the Full Moon Drum Circle is held. (See my review for that event here: yelp.com/biz/full-moon-d…) Whether you're into making magic or making out, you have to check out the drum circle at least once. When I snap my fingers, you will head straight to North beach :) youtube.com/watch?v=1CyY…
It's my neighborhood and I love it! You can skate/roller blade, skateboard, walk, run, jog and take in the sun, the sky and breeze, the swaying palm trees, the golden sand and the turquoise blue waters of Biscayne Bay.  See ya' there!
My review is not as eloquent as Jordan's but I can tell you I had as much fun as he seems to have had at this park when he went. Came here for a birthday party, and not being a big fan of the Hispanic-style family beach outings, I was already starting to get grouchy. But my girlfriend who chose this park for her bday celebration couldn't have chosen a better location. She called it a beach outing, and I was wondering where, among all this grass and trees and hammocks, was the beach? Found it - okay - I was now, happy. If you have a large group to spend a weekend afternoon with, this is definitely a great place to go. There are cabins that you can reserve, and plenty of places to set up tent and relax all day. If you're with people that want to take a dip in the beach, it's just a few feet away. If someone wants to hang a hammock on a tree, go ahead! If you want to make sure your kids run around like maniacs so that they sleep through the night - there's all the room in the world. And the park is gated, so they won't be running into the streets (yes, I am paranoid about kids running into the street). There are bathroom facilities - not sure how clean cause I didn't go, but at least you don't have to hold it. Though they close early, so make sure you go before can't. They also outlets so you can bring a radio - keep the music "personal" as your neighbors may prefer reggaeton to bachata - but that's just a courtesy. And the have barbeques where you can make some delicious burgers, or plain old hot dogs to satisfy all. Feel free to bring the churrascos and pot of rice too, I won't stop you, but you gotta share! In all, the typical Hispanic-style family beach outing was not bad at all. It was a perfect Sunday, where everyone had fun, danced, splashed, ate, celebrated, and made more friends.
We have been visiting this park for several years now. While it's not 'South Beach', the beach here is really nice. The sand is cream color and water is clear many days throughout the year - although sometimes there is seaweed infestation. Other than this 'small' problem, we enjoy spending our Saturday or Sunday afternoon being relaxed to the sound of waves breaking in and out. This beach is also fun for people watching - lots of characters can be seen from all extremes. Get ready for a fun 'sight', from tents to sleeping bags, it is absolutely nuts. Parking is plenty. Never had a problem parking, unlike other areas of Miami Beach. We used to frequent the beach next to the Eden Rock, but had to change given how busy the adjacent hotels got. Employees' increased usage of the public parking lot left zero parking for visitors.
I like the feel of this area far better than South Beach! It is much nicer and quieter. It is more unspoiled here. It feels safer. Picnic, Barbeque, Playground, Trails, Vita Course, Volleyball, Showers, Swimming all can be found at The North Shore state recreational area. It is located 7th to 87th streets A 40-acre oasis of subtropical vegetation and sandy shores.
Imagine soothing waves lashing on Miami Beach's beautiful shore that is cast into the moon light in the darkness of the night. Amazing right? That's a part of Miami Beach's peaceful allure. Now, next complementary chapter. Imagine guys swinging around fire balls. Too much? What about a group of neo-hippies or bohemian youth hitting away tropical bongo drums and a xylophone to create arousing urge to dance with the increasing rhythm of the high tides? What about people coming in droves, in couples, with friends, to sit, picnic, and to share happiness and respect for such a gathering that happens all night during every night with a full moon each month? Well, let me just say it this way. All that happens here. Even the swinging fireballs.  It is amazing to witness such an event with the captivating beauty of the moonlit beach and seas at the same time. Definitely unique, even for Miami. 85th Street & Collins. Every full moon. Starts 9 pm. People show up at 11 pm. Ends 3 am. Free music, free parking (North Shore's free parking lasts from 6 pm to 8 am).
Beach area is fantastic. Park after dark is EXTREMELY dangerous. North End of Park is full of sex cruising at night. Never go there by yourself.
