We had a lot of fun here! It's true that is a small park but it's worth going. The kids had fun while the adults chilled by the water. The water is shallow enough to have the kids run around. Concession stands have affordable food. We went on a night where they had a movie projector, where everyone could watch the movie while swimming. They do not allow outside food or googles that are scuba like. A small park but you won't be sorry.
I've always thought it a bit odd that South Florida has so few real waterparks to choose from, considering the beautiful year round climate. The closest legit park is Rapids, and that's a solid 90 minute drive from Miami Beach. For lazy summer days when you don't want to do that drive, Grapeland is a fun alternative. It's much smaller and is really only for kids younger than 12, but it's very inexpensive, local, and completely decorated by Romero Britto, that sunny artist whose paintings are happily ubiquitous to Miami and its surroundings. Cost of admission for a family of 5 was just under $50, it's right off the 836 near MIA airport, parking is free and it's well maintained. The park isn't huge, but it's not a bad way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
Let's preface this by saying this is owned and operated by the City of Miami and we all know the level of incompetence that the Magic City has in its government. After all, this is a city that routinely closes down libraries, de-funds Fire Departments, and arrests the homeless for not being able to afford the astronomical rent most of us spend way too much of our salaries on. So considering that, the place isn't SO bad. My girlfriend and I took our 3 year-old there last Sunday. It was a very hot day and our pool was closed for maintenance, so we decided to check it out. We were able to find parking fairly easily and walked right up to the ticket booth. We arrived just after 3 pm and paid $31 ($12/adult, $7/child) to an angry cashier, which seemed pretty steep. We then went on to the entrance and were met by another irritated employee who went through the entire contents of our bag, which I thought was a bit rude since she didn't even ask, but we had nothing to hide. Once we got in, I noticed that it was actually much bigger than I expected. There were 4 different areas to go to, which was nice - but not a single seat for us to put our stuff on. The place was packed. Lines were insanely long, too. But since I was with a toddler, we just decided to lounge in the water. We did go on one of the slides, which was pretty fun for her. I'm not sure if they have faster slides, but the one we went on was pretty slow. We tried going on the lazy river, but the line had a good 50+ people ahead of us. All in all, it;s a decent place to take a child. But there is a huge drawback: the chlorine. The baby was crying after less than an hour every time a drop of water would touch her eyes. I didn't open up my eyes in the water at all and my eyes were killing me. In fact, she and I smelled like chlorine for the next 48 hours - even after several showers. TIP: TAKE GOGGLES FOR YOUR CHILD PROS: Good Location, Decent Size, Lots of Lifeguards, Life Jackets CONS: Expensive, Rude Staff, CHLORINE Overload, Very Packed, Not enough Seating, Britto, Closes at 4:45 on Sundays
I must say having a great time with the family needed this was stressed to the max this week.
As Good As It Gets!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!! Only 2 reviews????? Come on People.... $5 Admission Play areas for all ages Movie night included with admission (Every 3rd Saturday) Clean Comfortable Affordable Safe Water Play Amenities outside of the Water Park Ample Parking Did I Mention Affordable???? I mean I Absolutely love this little water park it was love at first site from the moment I entered the gates... (Even if I did go on a Monday)   I highly recommend you to give this park a try and the drive to South Miami is well worth it if you live north of downtown.... Trust me you won't be disappointed!!
Went to the park yesterday and was surpised at how run down the place is getting after such a short time of its opening. During my visit the whole top floor of the large play area was closed, One (of two) slides in the smaller play area was closed, neither of the large water buckets were working, several of the spray areas in the lazy river were broken, there were two broken stumps with a hose sticking out of them where statues used to stand in the small play area and many more minor things. The equipment was one of the major points that Grapeland Waterpark had going for it; add their unfriendly staff and their outside food/drink policy and the location just isn't worth the visit. I'd much rather drive a bit more and head to CB Smith.
LOVE that this is in Miami (why doesn't Miami have major water parks??) and I'm not a big fan of Britto but it works for this park. All the slides and decor are creatively done by the artist. They have great slides, even through the park is a bit small. The best part are the prices - cheap! The only reason I deducted 2 stars is 1. The employees. They can be dicks...probably because they're all apathetic teens or college kids employed by Miami-Dade County. 2. The ghettoness of the people here. Ugh. But we do love coming here!
Great place to take the kids if you are in a budget this place is the place to go admission it's inexpensive the kids will have a blast !
This is the best water park for kids in the area. There are areas for all age groups. Safety is great there and the life guards are very nice. The best part is that each area has soft padding so if you fall or slip no scraps or cuts. I also like that they provide life jackets for the kids. It's affordable and there is a lot of seating.
This park is very clean and well maintained. It is well designed. It's perfect for families to spend the day at the waterpark. Just come early to find parking!
This place is great!!!! The water park is clean and safe.  The water slides are wonderful for all ages (including fun loving mommies such as myself and little ones like my 19 month old).  There's even a lazy river!!!! There's an area where you can pick up life jackets for the little ones and even buy swimmers diapers! There's a life guard at every post.  There's also a snack bar that sells food and plenty of lounge chairs with shade.  The only suggestion I have is if you are going in the summer, get there early!!!  Try to beat the crowds and you'll get at least a good hour of unfettered slide riding :) But even as crowded as the park got, the wait for the slides and the lazy river was short!
