Great service, affordable and super fun. Free parking and perfect location for standup paddle. Recommend.
Best place to do SUP and kite surfing! Alex is awesome! Super accommodating and great attitude! Had a wonderful Sunday paddle boarding with a friend. I keep coming back!! I highly recommend this place for any water activities you'd like to do! Thumbs up!!
I've only been to Kite Farm once! and I'll Definitely go back and try the other water sports and what not! It was a truly a wonderful experience! my first time stand-up paddle boarding. Alex and his wife Jen were super nice and helpful. They made my friend and I feel safe and comfortable. They assisted us with everything and made sure we got the hang of it before heading to the open waters by ourselves. It was a perfect afternoon! A great view of downtown and in perfect calm waters. Great location! Thank You Kite Farm'
This is the second time i went there today with my 15 year old daughter. We had and amazing time paddle boarding. Amazing one of the kind views of Miami Downtown, my daughter took some great pictures. Sunday great spend, thank you Kite Farm for always being there for us.... Going back there soon...
We bought a YOLO soft top board from Alex and Jen and were are beyond satisfied with Kite Farm. Aside from YOLO boards being great and extremely family friendly, we found Jen and Alex to be above and beyond nice, friendly and service oriented.  Jen delivered the board to our home and contacted us thereafter to ensure all was going well.  I load our young kids (ages 4&6 on the board with me) and head out to Biscayne Bay on a weekly basis.   We are so happy with the board, service of Kite Farm and our new friends Jen & Alex.  If you know of anyone that wants to see Miami Beach or Key Biscayne by water - please tell them to first contact Jen and Alex at the Kite Farm.  They are the best.
If you are looking to do something different in Miami, I highly suggest Paddle boarding yoga!  Claudia is an amazing instructor and has a great flow of yoga poses and incorporates going into the water.  She pays attention to posture and leads you into tougher poses--which can be mentally challenging as you are doing these poses on paddles boards/water.  Claudia's class was absolutely fantastic and I would 100% take her class again when I am in the Miami area.
Had a great time taking Kite boarding lessons with my friends. These guys are great, Alex is very easy to plan and coordinate with. Everyone who came to instruct was very calm, patient and fun to learn with. I definitely will be coming back for more lessons and kite boarding trips. These guys are really professional, highly recommend.
As many of my friends can attest, I almost always bring a ridiculous amount of kiting gear whenever I travel in the vicinity of any body of water. For some reason this time, I did not. Fear not I did a solid yelp search and found this crew. Sent them an email and got a quick text and email follow up. Next day we are at the dock ready to jump on a boat and get at it. They have multiple sites to ride depending on conditions all of which are beginner friendly, shallow flatwater paradise. after about 5 minutes from dropping anchor they had my kite a 2014 cabrinha switchblade rigged and ready to go and I was off riding. I ride mainly Best kites so this was my first time on the Cabrinha. After a good 5 minutes of warm-up I was fully lit on the 10m in about 20k of wind. Pulled the trigger and found myself 20 ft up.All in all a great experience, they even let my girlfriend come along for a ride for free. Highly recommend!
Been paddle boarding at many places in Miami and South Florida and the Kite Farm is hands down the best out there. Not only is it in a perfect location with a great view and calm waters, but the staff (Jen and Alex) are top notch. They truly try to get to know their customers and want them to have the best experience out there on the water. I will go nowhere else!
Amazing experience! Alex the owner and his wife couldn't have been more accommodating. They gave us a few lessons and off we went! Will be coming back again to enjoy the water.. The safety meeting was amazing!
My wife and I had an absolutely awesome time paddleboarding with The Kite Farm.  We showed up a few minutes late and they let us paddle over our extended time. They were very professional and very friendly. If we did not live in California we would recommend them to all of our friends and family.
Love the boards and yoga paddleboarding  is an amazing time. Call for a weekend trip no walk ups
I have gone kiting with the Kite Farm and they are fantastic! Great instruction. Very courteous and knowledgeable. They make everything fun and exciting! I am very much looking forward to trying their paddle boards as well! I am a big fan of the Kite Farm!
I bought a deal for 90 minutes paddle board rental on Groupon. Called on Sunday morning and of course they were already fully booked. The lady on the phone was very nice and she said she would call me if something opened up.  I can only imagine how busy they were on that morning. But she did call me just 15 minutes later. They have two locations - one on Key Biscayne and one on Collins. We went to Collins Ave. there is only one public parking lot by Erden Roc Hotel and it was full. Alex solved parking problem for us. Just talk to him. He and his wife are great people. They also teach kite surfing and offer boat charters. The location on Collins is very picturesque with million dollar homes to see along the way. If you go under the first bridge, it is more quiet water for those who are just starting because the main canal gets some boat traffic and it can be pretty wavy.  We will definitely be back! Well-deserved 5 stars!
Experiences like the one The Kite Farm provides is one that is very far and few in-between to find. Alex and his wife were attentive, encouraging, friendly and most importantly caring. There number one priority was us the customer. They wanted to make sure this experience was unforgettable. And unforgettable it was.  Originally I had bought 2 90-mintue standup paddle board adventure on groupon.  Once the end of our 90 minute adventure was nearing we decided to paddle back to the mini island to ask Alex what our next step was. Alex was gracious enough to allow us to continue Paddle Boarding past our 90 minutes free of charge. The Kite Farm provided us with a memorable afternoon. I would highly recommend the Kite Farm to anyone who is looking for an extraordinary experience. Josh and I would like to thank the Kite Farm family for an unforgettable experience.
We rented the kayaks and had a great relaxing experience.  Easy to get location on Key Biscayne, but at the same time the ride took us to a secluded location where we saw a lot of wildlife.  Will do it again !
