Working with Lyen and Rick has been life changing. Their expertise and motivation has helped me shed pounds and  feel fit. Many have taken notice of the transformation and I owe it to them. If you are looking for talented trainers who look the part, care and get results, Peak Physique Performance is for you!
Looking for a change-up in my workouts, I decided to splurge for a month of personal training at Peak Physique & Performance. I had an awesome time working out there and made some significant gains in this short time. First off, the place is great. Although their machines are a few years old, they look as if there were set up a week ago, they're so clean and well maintained. Before signing up, I was a little wary of them not having a military press or a squat rack, but honestly, the trainers know how to incorporate so many different exercises to fatigue your muscles, the lack of those machines never even mattered. They provide towels, water, and a shower if you need it. What makes PPP shine are its people. Lyen and Kolja were very welcoming. And the trainers I worked with, Szabi and Jarius, were both top notch! I had been having a hard time working out my legs to failure before coming here (neck injury that kept me from putting too much weight on the squat rack), but Szabi put me through some leg workouts that had me stumbling the next day. And Jarius put together an awesome boxing session that had me in pain every time I laughed or breathed wrong...but the good, sore, muscle building pain! Lyen was awesome about giving me some tips about my diet that are really helping me build lean muscle and burn fat much more efficiently that I was before while eating about twice as much as I used to. Sadly, my month of sessions came to an end, but I'm looking forward to coming back and continue my training with these awesome people. It's not something I'll be able to do consistently because this type of personal, individualized attention is rather expensive, but if you have the means, it makes sense to make this the only way you work out. The trainers push you and are so knowledgeable that a half-hour workout with them is tougher and produces better results that an hour-and-a-half workout you would do on your own. Saves time, and gets much better results.
Lyen has a way of really targeting a person's weak points, and she can get maximum results in a short period of time by doing it. Perhaps its her experience as a world champion competitor or just her natural understanding of the way the body works, but she really does get results like no other trainer I have ever had.
I come down to South Florida a few times a year from NYC and was looking for a place to do TRX training.  I had heard about Peak Physique & Performance and was happy to see that they offer TRX training. I set up a training and met with Lyen Wong and we hit it off right away.  She took the time to get to know me and get a feel as to what my level of fitness was.  From the moment we started warming up I knew this was going to be an amazing experience.  Her knowledge of fitness and how the body functions is exceptional.  She motivates and encourges you to push your self to the next level.  I left feeling completely pumped and on an endorphin high.  This place is a private facility which trains people one on one.  They do it all not just TRX.  I highly recomend this place to anyone who is serious or wants to get serious about fitness.  The staff is great as well.  I'll be back
Lyen and her trainers are excellent to work with.  They are very knowledgable and really care about your progress.  The workout programs are individually tailored for each client.  Been a client for almost two years and still get great variety in each session.  Water and workout towels are included and you'll need them both during and after a workout.  They also have bananas to feed your inner monkey!
I had a trainer I went to for years but because of his location, I could no longer make it there after work. I took some time off and needed to get back in shape, so I tried Lyen. I had met her before, but she hasn't really worked out her business plan. She's a very good trainer and certainly skilled at getting people in shape. However, that doesn't mean she's a good business person. I paid over $700 for 12 sessions. I went 3x a week for a month. I was scheduled for the upcoming week every Friday night or Saturday, and made clear she had a 24 hour cancelation policy. During the course of the month, they asked me to change my scheduled session time probably 4 or 5 times, less than 24 hours before. I obliged as much as I could, but some times I couldn't. When I needed to cancel for work about less than 24 hours before (probably 12 hours before), it took 5 emails exchanged for them to finally decide that they would not change me.  After that a week later, Lyen asked me to change my time at the last minute yet again, when I said no, she said "ok."  When I showed up she said "Oh I'm not training you today" and was all dressed up to go out (it was Friday evening). When I asked her where she was going she said "she had an appointment she couldn't turn down."  Fine, I didn't say anything, but I thought it was an unprofessional move.  Rich who trained me in her place was great and very professional. I had one session left. The day before my boyfriend was in a work accident and suffered an eye injury where there was a good chance he would be permanently blind. I was in the ER with him for 12 hours the night before my appointment and had to skip work to drive him to the doctor.  When I cancelled my appointment, despite my explanation.... they charged me.  It offended me because they can cancel when they want, but when you cancel, they take your money. Afterwards, they called to see if I wanted to buy another package.
About a year ago I decided to train for my first ever 1/2 marathon, something I would have never thought I would even consider at 35.  I joined a running group but knew that would not be enough.  I looked online and saw that Peak Physique & Performance had awesome reviews and decided to try them out.  Now a year later, I successfully completed my first 1/2 marathon (I'm still in awe) and even completed a Mud Run.  Lyen and her amazing group of trainers have helped my accomplish goals I never believed possible.  I think that is the measure of a great trainer, taking us beyond even our own expectations.  This year I plan to run 5 half marathons and a couple of obstacle runs and even plan on taking some trapeze lessons.  Thanks to everyone at Peak Physique & Performance I am setting new goals and expectations for myself.  I've been training with them a year and they have been able to graciously accommodate my rigid schedule.  My work is demanding and I need a regimen that can accommodate my work.  Other trainers are not always able to be flexible, which is another + positive of PPP.  They are willing to work within your limitations but understand that is not what defines your ability.  Like I said, I've been there a year and always get the largest training package; I'm not going anywhere soon.  Thank you Peak Physique & Performance!
