How is it that I have lived in South Florida my entire life and never been here? Despite being right smack in the city, you can come here and escape it all.  We went kayaking on our first visit, and already have plans to come back.  You can rent all kinds of equipment here and I have heard they have great bike trails as well.   We rented kayaks at Blue Moon Outdoor Center and were able to make it to one of the island nearby without a problem.  The possibilities here are endless.   The fee to enter is $6 per car, not bad.
This park is located on the intercoastal in the middle of the city but it has the magical ability to make you forget about the rat race going on right outside its borders.  Oleta is a Florida outdoor sports persons playground. With offerings like picnicking, kayaking, paddle boarding, MTB biking, a beautiful beach, nature trails and cabin camping there is plenty to do. And if you don't own a kayak or bike that's okay there are rentals right on site. Where for a reasonable price you can enjoy a great day paddling through the mangroves or exploring some of the small islands just south of the park. Or take a MTB ride on some of the 13+ miles of great off road trails that vary in level from beginner to expert with plenty of each level to challenge all.  If paddling and biking are not your thing try the nature trails. A short stroll wil take you meandering through native flora and fauna with kiosk in place that point out plants of interest. Still more than you want to do? Well then the beach may be your speed. Not the largest but a beautiful sandy place to sit and look out at a semi private cove. The water has a gradual slop making it perfect for lounging in and safe for small kids. With pavilions that can be rented located throughout the park you can set up a picnic a large party and have a covered area with tables and a grill in some of the better waterfront spots in the park.  This is a great place to escape from the city grind. Need a break, grab a bite and check this place out. I bet you'll come back for seconds. Cheers.
I love to kayak here, and been twice with a group of friends. However the park lacks security!! We were on the water between noon and 4:30 P.M. When we returned my window was busted out and the door was damaged from someone trying to pry open the door.  We left nothing in the car all of our belongings were in the trunk, made me think they may have been watching us and attempted to get in the trunk but couldn't. The police said this kind of vandalism happens all the time and it is better to park closer to the pavilion. My car was only a few rows over.  Unless they make that area safer I will be looking for another park.
Sunday morning FUN FUN FUN. came out here with a party of 5 two weekends ago. We had a blast, rented 2 kayaks and 1 SUP board. Did not feel like we were in Miami, it was early, water was glassy, beautiful, eerily quiet except for the birds singing their hearts out :) Got off the water when the afternoon thunder rolled in. In cooler weather will try the bike trails! Lots to do in this park, picnics parties and even camping.
Overall:  If you're looking for a nice, quick escape from the city then this is the place for you!  Oleta has it all, you can kayak, hike, bike, skateboard, skate, and even camp or fish here.  I have fished, hiked, kayaked, and camped here multiple times and each and every time has been amazing.   The Experience:  From the peaceful sound of the waves to the birds chirping, Oleta River State Park is a nice mini-vacation for most or a welcoming place for a picnic/BBQ.  The staff is friendly and helpful and always willing to help.  So definitely give this park a shot and enjoy the peace.
Oleta really has it all! If you feel like kayaking, paddle boarding, biking, skating, running, fishing or camping... Oleta's got you covered! It's a great little getaway from the city life. I've been kayaking here numerous times and each time has been better than the last. There's so much beauty to see when you're kayaking/paddle boarding through the mangroves. It's a great place to have a BBQ or picnic with some friends. Definitely a must for anyone who enjoys the outdoors!
The paddleboats and kayaks take me back to when I was in high school on 163rd Street at North Miami Beach Sr High. I have fond fond memories of this place and Shooters, which used to be nearby and always try and get back by here when coming through Miami. Great spots for picnics and BBQs and lots of great trails with plenty of water nestled between Biscayne Blvd and Collins.
I have yet to experience the camping at Oleta River State Park, but as far as the trail riding and kayaking go it's amazing. The trail riding offers hours of fun. There are several levels of trails from beginner to experienced riders. The ride changes depending on the weather making it different and challenging every time I went. The pricing for the bike rentals aren't too bad either. The kayaking experience is beautiful.There are massive amounts of aquatic life to see depending on the time of year. I've even seen a dolphin.
Love this place. Convenient to town and lots to do. Rent kayaks, swim, bike trails, BBQ and picnic facilities. It gets crowded during the weekend (no surprise), but get here before 10am-ish and all is cool. Weekdays are even better.
Love this park and all that it has to offer! Came by with my old roomies for a day out in the sun and was not at all disappointed. Although crowded, we found parking and wasted no time in getting set up with our kayaks and canoes. I had a wonderful time and was definitely pleased with the efficiency of service, quality of equipment and cost of rental. Overall amazing experience!
I might not strike most as an "outdoors" kind of guy. Sure, I have a beard (most of the time), but I like AC, electricity, and comfort. Now, with the wife being a very athletic woman, I need to try and keep up with her, so we tried our hand at some "outdoorsy" activities and was pleasantly surprised how much fun we had! - Bike Trails. We bought a couple of mountain bikes and hit the trails. They have beginners, intermediate and advanced trails for you to zig zag your way through. Avoid coming when it rains, or just rained as the mud can be tough to go through and the roots are so slick, you can easily fall. Also, try to NEVER stop while in the middle of a trail, you never know who's coming behind you at full speed. Stick to the beginners for a couple runs, then try the intermediate. Intermediate has more inclines/declines which increase your speed and more pesky roots to make your ride rough. We did a good amount of them and were excited for more. I was slowing down a bit to wait for the wife when she shouted, "GO AHEAD! IF YOU STOP I WILL CRASH INTO YOU." Ok, so I sped up. I am dodging branches, hitting roots, sun in my eyes, working up a sweat...I swear the theme song of "The Bourne Legacy" was playing in my head. then I look back...shes gone. No where to be found. I felt like a lost camper looking up at the canopy, sun barely coming through. The world starts spinning. I start screaming out her name. Oh, there she is by the lake, she took a wrong turn. The world is right again.....I slowed down after that. (OK if you are reading this maybe it was a bit of a dramatic reenactment, but it was pretty scary for a second.) So we go into this other trail...and the trail goes and goes and goes...and eventually...just ends? There's no exit...but there is a steep...VERY STEEP...mini "cliff" (read: tiny drop off) and me being the great outdoors man that I am...I say: "Yea, maybe we need to jump this cliff to get home." Before my wife could get out the words, "No you idiot, that isn't the way, lets turn around, you aren't in the X-Games." I hopped the root, and went down the incline...legs swinging wildly off the pedals, back tire scrapping my leg leaving a nice burn and my "manhood" injured by the padded (thank god) seat.  Yea, 5 stars for this place...WHAT A RUSH! -Kayak The story isn't as exciting when we went Kayaking (see I AM an outdoors man!) It was super fun and a heck of a workout. It did get a little crazy with all the boats in the bay causing waves and well...coming straight at you. We made it to the private island. Hung out a bit, caught our breath, then passed the FIU campus where we met, as we shot each other a gaze as if to say, "Yea, that's where we met." OK maybe I had salt water in my eyes, and my arms were on fire, so I imagined that....but it was really nice and we actually took engagement pictures on that campus and some great shots on the bay. They also have BBQ pits and a beach - not sure it's too nice, but could be fun with a bunch of friends for Sunday Funday. Look forward to going back and keeping up the "rugged" persona I have created for myself now. Maybe next I'll take up alligator wrestling.......................
Love coming here tandem kayaking is about 35 for 1.5 hrs which is more than enough time out in the water, unless you want to spend more time hanging out at the island or just kayaking around. It gets tiring though!! Last time I went with my sister, my bf, and his friend. The boys had a blast on their little adventure. I kayaked with my sister and she decided to not kayak the way we came from and almost kayaked the whole island looking for the entrance and had to walk our kayak after landing on a random beach! Note: just go back the way you came the maps are not to scale!   There's also a sandbar when you kayak has a bunch of other people tho, Boats and jet skis. There is a small boat there that sells food too and it's not bad either. They have hamburgers, hotdogs, and icecream.
Pass the mangroves and the funky smell from all the vegetation on the water and 3njoy great kayaking on the open bay. You'll see different boats strolling by, people pick-nicking and biking. This park ha a little bit of everything for everyone. It offers different trails for biking for the not so daring and the daredevils out there. You may bring your watercraft or kayak if you have one, but they also rent bikes and kayaks for your convenience so you don't have to worry about much. There's plenty of picnic tables all over so its not hard to find a good spot. Often you'll see manatees strolling by or a few dolphins here and there. They like to roam mostly around beer-can island. Oleta even has a small beach =, which is good for snorkeling. The entrance if very economical and for a day of doing noting its one of the many things that we all can take advantage of in Miami.
I can't remember whether I kayaked as a child, however I think I can treat last Thursday as my first kayak experience. I had been meaning to visit Oleta River State Park for quite sometime... I finally had the chance to drive over and rent a kayak. I had read their website regarding the process. When I arrived I didn't know whether to water up to where the kayaks were stationed or the beach house across. I asked a gentlemen handling the return of kayaks to the sand and he kindly pointed me in the direction of the beach house. The beach house or what I have now named it had two sets of staircases leading to a gift shop on the second floor. I made my way up to inquire about the rental. The nice lady behind the counter explained it would be $32 for the double rider kayak and I would have to sign a waiver. In addition to the waiver I was also required to leave a license and credit card on file. I followed the requirements and was handed a paper map of routes to paddle my way with my rented kayak. I was soon on my way back downstairs to the first floor below the deck, where I picked up life vests and paddles for my two friends and I. I quickly made my way over to the kayaks to jump on board. As I sat down, a little water came into the kayak and goodbye paper map! From then on, I winged it! I had studied at FIU right behind the river and I had seen kayakers before... I figured I could just figured it out and figure it out, I did! The rental granted me an hour and a half of adventurous paddling! Well worth the drive, money and adventure with no map! I would definitely come back and possibly rent a canoe next time for $6 more.
Best birthday bash ever. Like, wow. Thanks to a friend's suggestion, I decided to host a massive "great outdoors" party at this charming spot. Until he mentioned it, I didn't even know this place existed, but it's the perfect escape right within our little city. We rented multiple cabins for the sleepover part of the party. They're CHEAP, $50 per night, and most sleep four people. They have AC, nearby bathrooms, grills and fire pits. In the daytime hours, we rented canoes, brought our borrowed paddleboards and went for a cruise down the canal. The canoes are PRICEY. $38 for an hour and a half, more than $50 for three hours. But the ride was freakin' amazing. We had to cut it short as more friends arrived, but I'll go back for that experience in a heartbeat. I just wish the prices weren't so steep. As the day progressed, we made a fire, grilled, roasted marshmallows, played games, tossed a frisbee, went night paddleboarding and sooooo many other shenanigans. The one and only reason this place didn't get five stars? On weekend nights, there's a dude who stays in the campground property to watch over things. He had it in for us. Granted, you're only allowed to have the number of people who are staying in the cabins, and we had more. But they left eventually, and we were down to the appropriate number. However, he was still after us, coming to harass us every 15 minutes. Eventually he called the cops, who arrived and were totally confused as to why they'd been called. But I guess it's not a party till the cops arrive. :) In the future, I'd probably make sure that everyone had a spot in the cabins, just so we avoid some of the harassment. All in all, this party was a BLAST. The park is spacious, pretty and sooooo relaxing. I'm sure I'll be spending a lot of time here in the near future.
Kayaking at Oleta River State Park is my guilty pleasure--a chance to relax,  enjoy the beaches, and appreciate North Miami Beach's splendid outdoors! I have gone kayaking a handful of times here, so if you are a first time kayaker, please follow my tips for a memorable excursion. - Take the immediate right to the mangroves. There are creepy spider crabs there, but there is also a lot of shade, and you get to really see the wonders of the mangroves. - It is a long kayaking trip if you are going around the island, so make sure you get a lot of rest for your arms if you are not used to kayaking. - If you are around the open water area, you may see schools of fish traveling and jumping at moments above the water. - The island is a good place to take a breather. If you choose to go in the water, make sure you have your life jacket on if you are not a strong swimmer. The water tends to be deep. - Manatees and dolphins tend to appear at random times, so keep your eye out. Overall, Oleta River State Park is one of the best parks in Miami. If you have a friend who is out of town or want to explore, I highly recommend their kayaking excursions. This place is calm, serene, and overall a good place to hang out with friends. If you do not like kayaking, take a hike on their nature trails. I participated on a mud run here, and walking on the trails is very hard at times due to the rocky terrain, so make sure you are wearing durable shoes. However, being surrounded by grassland does tend to give you that feeling of excitement. Admission into the park costs around $4. Cabins are also available for rental, but these cabins have the bare necessities-- just beds with a mattress.
This has been past due.  Came here for a wonderful birthday celebration.  When I found out about all the details the park has to offer, I could not wait for our adventure.  We rented some cabins.  I figured they would be old, dirty, and no big deal. To my surprise they were adorable. All made out of logs, small, private, and super clean.  They have bunk beds and queen size beds.  The mattress were not comfy so I would suggest taking a mattress pad or comforter to lay for some better comfort.  Outside of each cabin was a double person swing set on the front porch, precious! also, each cabin outside has a grill.  A huge fire pit was in the middle of the cabins. The early afternoon started with of course some drinks, and many great friends arriving.  We decided to rent canoes together, two people per canoe.  The prices were a bit steep but wow what a blast!  We seriously ad so much fun. My guy friend whom I was with kept saying, don't paddle I will do all the work..... What no way, that's all the fun.  We had to cut our time short as more people arrived and wanted the birthday girl to get back to the camp sight. We drank, started grilling and just having fun. This park has bike trails, canoe and kayak rentals, and these awesome cabins.  They do book up quickly, because there are only about 15 of them.  A two night minimum stay for $100, plus tax. Sweet deal! After we ate we became brave and decided to walk down to the water for some paddle boarding. I had never tried it before.  Sweet Josh, told me to get on and away I went.  It was very dark and I found myself rowing further away enjoying the tranquil water.  Thank goodness I was still able to think clearly and decided I should go back as I was alone, and not the greatest swimmer. What a great time. We toasted some huge marshmallows, drank more........etc....... Loved the park, had such a great celebration for Hannah's Birthday bash! Only one thing put a slight damper on our evening.  The guy who manages the cabins who stays in a nearby RV, would not leave our group alone. All night long he complained about to many cars, to many people, etc.... I get he is doing His job but we were not loud, disruptive, nor did we bother any other visitors, they actually joined us.  It was 6:30pm and this dude was saying we had to be quiet. We did the best we could to please him, took him food, beer but he was well just a stubborn guy who clearly needed to loosen up. Our weekend adventure was fun, very cool place to chill out for a quick weekend getaway. Watch out for the raccoons, those bad boys made a huge mess. 9pm and after no clue what happened after that......... Hee Hee Fun times were had!
Best park EVER! This is my second time here and it seems like I will never run out of things to do. My first time I went mountain biking. This past Saturday I went kayaking. You're also able to sun bathe, go snorkeling, fishing and probably a lot more. The single kayak rents for about $18 for an hour and a half, and up to $25 for 3 hours. The kayak-for-two was $34 for the 2 hours we spent. We did a variety of things on our kayak - we went out to two different islands (one I lovingly call Douche Island for its amount of boats full of douchey guys drinking Heineken's and playing the same bad trance song over and over.). Regardless, it was quite the adventure. I hear you can also see manatees if you're lucky. Best of all - I got a hardcore workout. Definitely head to Oleta if you have no plans on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. Rest assured you WILL find something to do and it will very likely be a lot of fun no matter which activity you wish to partake in. Here's a link to bike/canoe/kayak rentals and tour prices: bluemoonmiami.com
I love kayaking out here. It's beautiful, and stress relieving. Kayaking out to the smaller surrounding islands is a nice workout, with a great pay-off. If you could, I suggest heading out here on weekdays. It gets pretty busy on weekend, regardless of how early or late you're in and that takes away from the whole "getting away" experience. Also, weekdays are great for treasure hunting ;) Oleta offers bike and hiking trails too, but kayaking is def. the best of all.
If only this entire area hadn't sold off 99.9% of its natural heritage to disgusting real estate developers and politicians who cream their pants when they think of mangrove forests being clear-cut and concrete being poured, we could have had many more parks and/or peaceful natural areas like Oleta. I've said it a million times before and I'll say it again - great cities are NOT known for their condo developments, malls, and parking garages. Instead, Oleta is just a part of that meager 0.1% - we will have to enjoy what we can. Oleta is indeed a special place. I just get upset when I go there, and inevitably realize that this is what much of coastal South Florida was like not too far in the past....and we allowed it to be utterly raped and ruined. For what? The ****ing Aventura Mall? Waterfront property for rich jackballs from Europe and South America who don't even deign to live here? 3/4-empty 50-story condo high-rises? What a waste..... I'll step back from the ledge for a minute. As soon as you pass the front gate, you have left the city behind. A multitude of options awaits you. Mountain biking, camping, trail running, kayaking, swimming, or just chilling out in something approximating South Florida the way it used to be. When I come here, I typically arrive with a bike. While there are tame fire roads and a handful of beginner-low intermediate level trails, by and large, these trails are suited for rough riding. As you would expect, there isn't a lot of altitude change, though you will find quite a few sudden short, steep dips, and some short ultra-technical climbs with daunting root masses that look like spider webs. The intermediate and expert trails are very tight with many rocks and roots, and require a good measure of bike handling. I've had some pretty spectacular wrecks here, especially back in the expert Gilligan's Island section. I believe that if you ride every single trail, it's about 12 miles if I'm not mistaken. Maybe even a little more.....it seems that every time I go, new sections of undulating trail have been added. Riding the entire trail is a hell of a workout. The last trail in the sequence is basically a mile-long rock garden - when you hit this trail, your entire body will be begging for mercy. Sure as hell beats the Aventura Mall.
Come here to get away from the stupid traffic city life, the ho hum suburban life, the sit on your butt couch potato life -- or just because it's a beautiful day. If you bike or boat or beach- this is the perfect park for you.  $6 got a car full of 2 adults and 3 kids in for a glorious day of kayaking, picnicking, swimming and Frisbee on the beach. There are multiple ways to travel the waterways and there are a bunch of trails for off-road bike people - even a convenient bike shower area. We rented two dual kayaks (2 adults and a 4yr old in one, two older kids in another.)  The three hour rental is the best value. Prices vary - check out their website. It was about $40-$45 per kayak - not bad for lots of fun on the water for 5 people.  They also have canoes- but the kayaks are much more fun. The very soft sandy beach was a great place to chill out after a day of kayak racing.  (Depending on the currents and your own personal spaz meter, you can really get a work out.) The park is easy to get to and you can get lost in it (in a good, non literal way.) And you can move your body and soul not too far from the city, the burbs or your couch. (Plus... when you're ready to go back to the real world and get a burger and a beer- the Ale House nearby is not bad at all. A perfect Saturday.)
This the place !!! I can ride my bike here for hours, take a dip in the water on the beach, rent a kayak and check out the canals surrounded by mangroves. It is certainly an oasis in the middle of all the development in this area and it is FANTASTIC !! I get my motivation and recharge my good chi here - can't get enough of this place, with so much wildlife and more. Definitely rent a cabin here and spend a few days, you will resurface more energized and feeling better and younger - Guaranteed !!!
What a nice park! My husband and I came to do some outdoorsy stuff. He ran on the trails and I hung out at a picnic table right on the water. Literally, right on the water- so nice! I would love to have actually had a picnic there. After he was done running we rented a kayak and explored the mangrove area as well as headed out into the bay which was cool. It felt like everyone in the park was in a good mood and just happy to be out and about. The entry is only $6, totally worth it.
This place has everything. Mountain biking, kayaking, camping, beach going, shady places for picnics. It's pretty big, too, which is good, because it can get crowded at times. This is an urban park, after all, but a very good one. I come here for kayak rentals. Blue Moon Miami kayaking runs out of this place, and for as long as I've been coming here, they are real professionals and the staff is always helpful and friendly. They handle large amounts of renters and they do it very well. We went there this afternoon and they've completely redone the main kayaking and biking rental building. Remember that FEMA trailer they had before? Now it's a beautiful double-decker building with the store on top and rental equipment below. Just remember to go to the store on top to fill out your paperwork for rentals. This park is perfect for paddle sports. You can paddle leisurely around mangrove inlets or brave the Biscayne Bay. We're experienced paddlers and never get bored of it here. There's always a new place to go. There are 2 small islands you can paddle or drive your boat to, start up the grill and turn up the music. Another reviewer here referred to one of them as "Douche Island". Yep, this is Miami, where rich brats in Ed Hardy wear get on daddy's boat and turn up the reggeaton. Annoying yes, but even more so, potentially dangerous....be careful in your kayak or canoe please. The islands are nice stopping points for paddlers who just want to laze about in the warm water, but watch out for the boats. I'm not a mountain biker (yet), but if you are, this place is filled with them. Lots of serious bikers here. It's $6 for your car to get in. 3 hours on a single kayak sets you back $25, $50 the whole day. Not a bad amount to pay to get out in the water and get some of that salt life....what a way to de-stress and center yourself.
I stopped by this weekend with a group of friends for a different spin on a Birthday celebration. My review is short because I didn't stay overnight, but I think the camping bug bit me! There are about 8 cabins, each with an AC unit and a BBQ grill where one of my more culinarily talented friends showcased us with wicked hot dogs and burgers. Cabins are located off an dirt road where you can bike, hike and canoe nearby.  There's a fire pit in the cabin area - Hello Full Moon party!
Great place to work out and relax. If you're new to the bike trails, hit up the training bike trail area by the park entrance.
Kayaking is truly a pleasure here - and I've mentioned that in my first review. However, I had to take off a star because the area I was kayaking, I actually had to put up with whiffing up some unsanitary air from the sewage plant nearby - argh! This doesn't happen too often - I swear! But goddamn, County of Miami-Dade, clean up that air!
Sometimes I get this odd urge to actually leave my house and venture into the great outdoors. Since I had just gotten a new bike I really wanted to test it out and went to Oleta to give it a test run. One of the main things I love about Oleta River Park is that you can completely forget you are in Miami. Once you are emerged in the park it actually feels that you are in a forest and not a couple of blocks from the beach. It is a really nice place to go and relax. I initially visited for the bike trails and I had a great time on them. There are different levels of trails for all kinds of bikers. Before I knew it I had spent several hours there and had had a great time. I plan on visiting Oleta River park again for the bike trails and to see what else they have to offer.
Tired of running on a device, and staring endlessly at a T.V. screen? Bored of road and track running? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then I got a place just for you; and that place is... Oleta River State Park. For advanced runners, I'd recommend checking out Gilligan's Island. This trail is a thing of beauty --- a one of a kind. I came here for the first time last week and completely fell in love. The trail is 3-miles long, and keeps your adrenaline rushing as you maneuver through a scenery of trees, wooden planks, steep inclines, among other surprises. This is a great trail to build up your endurance, but be cautious of the bike riders, they surprisingly pop out every now and then. In case you get lost or winded, a cell phone is a necessity. I'd recommend running with a partner or a group before doing runs by yourself. Admission is $6 per car. [Note: Make sure to ask for a map upon meeting the park ranger] Ah, the beauty of mother nature. Have fun!
I love this park. I used to have a view of this from my old flat in Sunny Isles. I used to ride my bike here lunchtime when i worked just across the street. I love renting kayak here and going around the park when I was actually just in condo hell.. but you would never know it! I stayed in the little huts with some mates, cracked open some booze and had us a barbi! It was a blast and the location was brilliant. Just like getting out of Miami when your still there.
I am reviewing the actual park, NOT the private company that provides equipment rentals onsite (Blue Moon).  The private company is a bit of a pain (I posted a review) but the park itself completely makes up for everything Blue Moon lacks. Don't let them make you miss out on a great experience! This park is one of the things that I adore about Miami. One second you can be makin' it rain at Tootsies and then just a few miles up the street you can be surrounded by the wondrous beauty of nature on a kayak in the middle of a state park. It's like heaven and hell all in one county! And that is a great thing :) Rent a kayak or bring your own and explore all of the mangroves, islands, and hidden beaches in and around this park. You can literally make a whole day of it because there is so much to do here. It is a real treat to leave the traffic and noise of Aventura and just get lost out on the bay for a few hours. If you are lucky you might even see a manatee or dolphin. Be sure to dress intelligently. You will very likely get wet, dirty, or mucky no matter what came to this park to do (biking, kayaking, canoeing, whatever). It is a very rustic place so leave the posh at the gate.
I have been by Oleta River a bazillion times on the way to Haulover and never gave it much thought. I figured it was nothing much. I was wrong. My friend suggested that we go kayaking and found Blue Moon Rentals inside Oleta River, so this became my initiation into this park. The entry fee was $5.00 in September 2008. It is quite large considering it is surrounded by development. In fact, you can navigate by using the high-rise condos on the beach as landmarks; that and FIU north campus. The kayak rental seems well run and staffed by good folks. We took out a tandem and paddled around for a little more than an hour. Several dead-end canals to explore where we saw two huge iguanas sitting on a tree limb and then swimming across the canal. Egrets and other wildlife abound. Being a Sunday, there were quite a few power boats to look out for in the widewater that leads to the Intracoastal Waterway, so we avoided that scene. The sandy beach looked well-attended, but we overheard another kayaker say something about jellyfish so that could ruin your day if you are swimming. When we arrived around 11 a.m. there were lots of bike riders milling around the parking lot and the rental office where they have these hanging garden hose showers that you can use to wash off. There were some seriously fit young people there so maybe this is a regular thing for them at this park. Like everything else around here there are no natural hills, just these small earthen ramps and half-pipes in a small course for tricks. I don't know what it's like on the trails, but out on the water we did not notice mosquitos or other nasty bugs. I must say I was pleasantly surprised by Oleta River State Park and will have to make the effort to try some kayaking there again.
This place is awesome!!!!!!! I had so much fun at Oleta River State Park!! My family decided to do a picnic and after researching all the parks in Miami, this one seemed to be the best. I surely think it is the best after going here! $6 admission per car which goes towards mantaining the park and they do a great job at keeping the park clean. The bathrooms were surprisingly clean. We picnic'd near lot 8 and had an AMAZING spot right on the water!! There is nothing better than overlooking the intercoastal with all the jet skiiers and boats scooting by. There is kayaking towards the front of the park and it looks really fun! I wish we had time to do that. You can rent all the equipment there. It's also Dog Friendly!! I had the best time and will definitely be going back!!!
I had no idea there was a park anywhere near the Aventura mall but sure enough there is! They've got a cute shop about a  mile into the park where you can rent mountain bikes, paddleboards and kayaks.  The kayaks look like a fun adventure and I'm going to give 'em a try one of these days.   I only really have gone to Oleta for one purpose: mountain biking!  They're on of the few parks in the area where you can rent a decent bike for people new to the sport.  The mountain bike rentals are reasonably priced (around $16 and hour) and it's a great way to introduce someone to mountain biking.  I went on my first trials here and even though it's not my favorite place to ride (too many roots), Oleta still holds a special place in my heart.
A beautifully natural sight for urban-sore eyes. The park is beautiful and so big, you actually are able to get your mind off the hustle and bustle of city. A girlfriend and I rented a tandem kayak from the private company located onsite - Blue Moon - and spent the next three hours getting a workout, soaking in the sun, taking in the mangroves and best of all - we caught up on our girl talk. During our little adventure, we also caught sight of four dolphins and hung out a little while at a sandbar. The park boasts more than just kayaking, so I'll definitely be back to hang out at its little beach, bike on their trail and paddleboard in our gorgeous Florida waters.
Oh wow ORSP is incredible. Never knew of this place and I pass by it all the time. My sister was coming to spend the weekend with me and I just blurted out "Oh cool we're going to go kayaking this weekend!" She got really excited and I did too until I realized I had no idea of where to go to actually do it. Googled around for a bit and came to Oleta. Done. Admission is $6/car or $2/pedestrian or biker. Rent the kayak was about $37 for almost two hours. It was amazing. My sister has never done anything like this so it was nice to share this experience with her. She was just looking around at everything and her eyes were getting so big as they gandered around the scenery; warmed my heart. The trail was very easy to navigate or you could go off on your own and find your way back without much trouble. Totally felt as though I was in Key Largo kayaking a few years back. We even saw a manatee! Will defininetly be coming again to get away from it all and connect with nature again. A serious gem in Miami that I feel deserves a bit more recognition.
I love cycling, in particular mountain biking.  And for what it is, South Florida has a few local spots to get your mountain biking on in the flat-lands of Florida.  And Oleta has got to be my favorite place to rock the hills. Oleta River State Park is a wonderfully large and open space park where you can mountain bike, kayak, picnic or just lounge along the shores of the Intercoastal.  While I have done all these things and more there, my first love at Oleta will always be mountain biking.  There's a good 11 miles of shady dirt trails ranging from beginner to intermediate and advanced.  There's a good balance of length of trails for each degree of difficulty so that even if you're just starting out you will have more than enough length of trail to ride.  I have visited the other parks in the area and there's just no comparison right now, its that great of a park in general. Although I live closer in distance to other mountain bike parks (Markham Park and Amelia Earhart Park), Oleta is the park of choice for me when I want to hit the trails, turn off the world and de-stress.
Oleta River State Park is a true gem, but since everyone else has already covered most biking, hiking, camping, canoeing or kayaking recreational facets of this wonderful park, I'll confine my review of it and its area for purposes of larger boat anchorage. Located along the Intracoastal Waterway about midway between Key Biscayne and Fort Lauderdale its location and what it and its surrounding have to offer are the best for overnighting or even long day or week anchoring. It's one of the few good anchorages easily accessible both from the ocean, by merely entering through the Haulover Inlet or from the Intracoastal. It offers a good bay area with calm waters and breathtaking beauty. My favorite for an overnight position is approximately N. 25.91 W. 80.18 as it generally offers rather good protection from the waves and from the winds of any direction, particularly west winds, a bottom that will hold a Danforth or Plow anchor solid without it becoming snagged or being mud or clay coated upon raising, along with a reasonable 14 foot depth. I've also found that you get good television, mobile phone and satellite connections from just about any anchorage position you might choose within Oleta River Bay area. Better yet, the waters are clean, the swimming is great, Haulover Marina is close by for diesel or gasoline fueling needs, tackle, bait or those small items you may have forgotten, or as is generally in my case, lost. You also have handy the Haulover Sandbar (yelp.com/biz/haulover-sa…), which is a submerged bar (actually a "spoil") of sand that can become very popular on weekends with hundreds of boats rafting up in its shallow waters enjoying swimming, wadding, barbecuing, drinking and yes, drinking on weekends. There is also an island which is a part of the park, sometimes called the South Island but more commonly known as Beer Can Island (one guess why), with its west coast side being a sandy spoil but of around 9 foot depth offering a small secluded sandy beach complete with park garbage cans & etc. Though you used to be able to just bring the front end of you boat up onto the beach sand, I believe they have now forbidden that but it's an easy 10 feet from shore place to anchor and enjoy. Now, a word of caution. All good things, even Oleta as an anchorage do not come all that easy. The area is full of spoils, sandbars and shallows. The Intracoastal Waterway is narrow, shifting and somewhat deceiving between these sandbars, so watch out or you'll run aground. There are also some submerged pilings, so use you charts or GPS with map overlay. Above all, use caution, watch your depth and know your tide when entering as the tide difference results in dramatic changes with regards to what can and what cannot be navigated.
I was shocked I had to pay $2 to enter this park on my  BIKE, its not like I was parking a car. (That's $4)   You can only bike about 1/4 of the park, the other 3/4 is full of mountain biking trails and if you don't have a helmet on, you are not allowed to go on them. If you are looking for a place to BBQ, kayak , stand up paddle board or hit a small beach that feels more like a lake than a beach in Miami then check it out. I personally was disappointed though.
For those of us that have enjoyed mountain biking in other parts of the United States, this is South Florida's version. You can ride carefully through the mango trees and there's even a very, very small hill that isn't a garbage dump. Bring your helmet, insect repellent and lots of water. There's even a hose to wash off your bike after you finish your ride. There's plenty of parking at it's located just off 163rd Street.
I absolutely love this park. Oleta Park is beautiful! I've been to a couple of events here. Some include barbecues with friends, parties with the work friends, family etc... and the facilities are great. We love taking pictures of the trails and the river and I'm sure kids have a blast here too. I also love the trail for mountain biking, you can rent bikes, canoes, kayaks for very reasonable prices, and even go for a quick dip if you so desire. Be sure to check out the new place for refreshments and they like to BBQ outside where you can get a hot dog or burger. they have a station to wash off your bikes and you! Very nice cabins for those who wish to spend the night there. I recently went back to do my first 5k ever and boy was it tough! I finished though and that is what is important. :-) The reason I took a star off? The entrance fee (5 dollars per car I believe it might have gone higher to $6 maybe) is totally bogus, especially since they also charge it during the week. I can understand charging on weekends and high traffic holidays, but seriously? On a Tuesday? Other than that the park is great! You will have lots to do here. They also rent shelters, but if you come here early enough you can get a picnic table with a BBQ by the beach area. It is on a first come basis.
Nice park with a really cool little beach and plenty of benches to spend time with the family !! The mountail bike trails are way too technical !!!, still a cool place to ride!
Loved Kyacking here. Great place to take visiting family and friends to experience something other than just clubs and shopping. The only thing that  didn't like was the thousands of little dead fish we had to kayak through to get to the kayak return. People that work there are super friendly.
Oleta is a beautiful and very convenient park for Miami residents.  I especially love the staff at the Blue Moon Kayak center.  Every time I've rented a kayak from them, they've been helpful, friendly, and genuinly enthusiastic about the marine life in the park.   It is in this park, speaking with these people, that provides me with the hope and possibility that  people in Miami Do love, respect and revere nature.  Keep it up; you guys are a little slice of heaven here in Miami!!
A PERFECT escape into the watery wilderness of South Florida. Drive past the condos, turn right across from the shopping center with the Old Navy, and you're in paradise. I'm serious. They let you rent kayaks and paddle around, and there's a beach! It's a little bit magical. Whenever you start to get disheartened by Miami's bs, paddle on out to the middle of the water, and look around. It's truly beautiful here.
This place is great. Unfortunately I've come here only on work with a client and haven't been able to enjoy it as much. Which explains the 4 stars. But it makes me want to round up my friends and make a day out of it here. The river looks clean and it's not overcrowded. They have kayaks and a bike trail. Plus benches and BBQ stuff. I'd love to enjoy it one day.
I love this park! I have gone there for family gatherings, fishing, hanging out on the beach, and I am planning on checking out the hiking trails soon. I always talk about how much I miss hiking (I'm from up North) and I like 5 minutes away from Oleta, which according to these reviews has a hiking trail. SWEET!
This park is quite nice for being in the middle of the Miami sprawl, but ultimately, it's still a very crowded park in the middle of the Miami sprawl.  You won't feel like you've really gotten away from it all, at least if you've been spoiled by true wilderness excursions in Utah. We rented a canoe here for a reasonable price (about $32 for 90 minutes) and tooled around under the mangrove trees, briefly out into the open water, and then poked along the coast looking at birds, big crab-like insects, and other fun Florida fauna.  It was a nice trip, and it was great to be able to get out onto the water, but the park is noisy on the weekends and you can kind of see everything in a few hours.  Next time, I'll be looking for a quieter, longer, mangrove-canoeing experience that's still a not-too-arduous drive from South Beach.
I absolutely adore this park - a great way to spend a Saturday or Sunday with your family or a date. We usually rent the Kayaks for a couple of hours, and go around the bay intracoastal for a while. There are a lot of little islands to be explored, and many of them very private :) This park is also known for it's expanisive mountain biking trails, and you can also rent regular hardtail or full suspension mountain bikes if you don't happen to own one. The entrance into the park is $6.00 for a regular car (2-6 people) and they are open from 9 AM to sunset (7 or 7.30 PM during the summer). The great thing about the bike/kayak/canoe rentals is that you just leave your license and credit card with the attendant and go out for as long as you please. When you get back, they calculate how long you were out and charge you. It's a lot better than having to watch the time every few minutes to avoid being late for drop-off. I think the latest you can have the rentals out is an hour before sunset. Wonderful park - and only about 15 minutes away from Downtown Miami.
Fun place to go. There are bike and kayak rentals. There's also a beach area and lots of picnicking areas for families to BBQ and have a good time outdoors. There are even Cabins to rent for camping! FUN! I have to check that out one day. They allow dogs in most areas of the park (def. know they're not allowed in the beach areas), there were lots of people with their four legged friends.
One of the best hidden gem in Miami-Dade County. From mountain biking, paddle-boarding, canoeing or just laying on the beach then have it all. If you're feeling adventurous you can take a canoe or paddle board to either Sandspur Island or Beercan Island. This park is the real Florida!
The queen of the fleet, when comparing Florida state parks in Miami-Dade county. The park has several small surrounding islands, beaches. They offer kayak, canoe and mountain bike rentals. The park has alot of pavilions and picnic tables. Cabins are available for rent. Over all a great place to invest your time and relax.
Oleta Park is full of rivers and caution must be taken at all times whilst on land or on water, snakes roam freely here. Kayak and canoe rental are a good adventure for the adventurous and at good rates, entrance into the park comes a small charge Cycle rentals also available and lots of land to explore
As an avid swimmer biker and runner, nowhere else in sunny south Florida can stave my appetite for outdoor adventure like Oleta can. Some people love it for the kayaks, rent one or bring your own like I do and it's a wonderful launching point into haulover inlet. Others love it for the miles of great single track biking trails. There is a great mix of approachable novice trails for people on rented hard tails as well as adrenaline pumping technical trails for the shin guard donning pros on their full suspension rigs. However, my escape in this outdoor oasis is running down all the deep trails hidden in the back of the park. Ferns taller then I am, check. The drone of cars cancelled out by wind through the trees, check. Enough epic trail to knock out a solid two hour run, check. Feeling like a primal man running through the fauna of a pre Holocene forest, absolutely!
I am rating just the bike trails. I don't go to beach or etc. at the beginning it is good but for example Gillian Island has like 4 more trails inside but also 3 or more trees fallen down. You will need to get down your bike and go under them.
I had a great time there the energy is great the water is nice and the land is pretty
I can't believe I hadn't tried this place before now!  It's pretty amazing to me that you get off the I-95, head east, cross over US1 and you're here; it's not far from the city, but once you're inside the park all the hustle and bustle of the surrounding area somehow disappears!  It's very calming and energizing to simply get away for a few hours, get out and view nature, explore around a bit, do something physical and recharge!   To get into the park, there is a small admission fee ($3.00 per vehicle with a single occupant, $5 for vehicles with 2-8 occupants, and $1.00 for pedestrians and cyclists) but once you're in, if you have your own kayak or bike you can paddle or ride around on your own, free of charge. If you don't have your own bike or Kayak, you can rent one from the Blue Moon Outdoor Center bluemoonmiami.com/bm/hom…  Single person kayaks are $18, canoes are $30 and bikes range from $15 - $38 depending on the type of bike you rent.  All quoted rental prices are for the first 1 1/2 hours (minimum amount of time you can rent for) and go up from there.  They also offer snacks, refreshments and bike and kayak supplies at the Blue Moon center, and have an outdoor shower and bike washing rack near the center as well. My buddy and I didn't bring our bikes with us on this day (but plan to come back soon and try some of the trails), so we rented single person kayaks to paddle around in.   2 bits of advice:  Don't forget your sunscreen and take a bottle of water with you in the kayak.  Luckily I did both and was happy I did, even on an overcast day like this one.   For kayakers, they give you a small map of the waterways and there are basically 2 types of kayaking available:  First, there are open water areas near the beaches and islands that lead all the way to the intercoastal. Second, there are kayaking "trails" available to explore as well. Personally I preferred the trails; It was a little windy the day we were there and the water in the open areas was a bit choppy. While it wasn't difficult to paddle, you had to paddle like hell to try and get a little bit of speed and momentum to move the kayak into the wind.  Also, the kayaks they rent have a very flat bottom so it's not easy to get any speed at all, and the front of the kayak tends to move back and forth as you paddle rather than pointing straight ahead as, say, a canoe would.   Rather than the open water, I preferred some of the kakaking trails they have...There are mangroves about 3 or 4 feet to each side of you and in some places they form an awning over the trails, there are bridges that you can pass under, the water is much calmer on these kayak trails and it's a bit more serene than the open water.  While you can supposedly see dolphins and manatees in the open water areas at times, the only wildlife I saw was back in the trails where I saw some cranes, fishes and an iguana taking a swim. This park is a great place to simply get away from the world for a few hours and to bike and kayak around.  It's amazing how much you can de-stress just by spending a few hours here in and among nature and doing a bit of physical activity.  Once I have the chance to return and try the bike trails, I'll post an update.
Oleta River is one of my favorite places to get down and dirty here in Florida! : )  But be warned this is a place for real adventures and people who don't mind getting a little dirty.  The mountain biking trails here are great and you will definitely get a great workout.  I need to mention though, for those who are beginners be careful and try to start off slow, as I almost broke a leg here once.  I'm writing more about the mountain biking experience because that is what I love most, but Oleta has much more to offer than just mountain biking trails.  They have a nice little beach and kayaking where you can enjoy a great day of relaxation and nature which is simply divine in my book.
WOW What a great place to get lost in!! This is one of South Florida's hidden gems. For the outdoor lover/adventurer this is a haven in a sea of concrete and glass; where you can ride your bicycle througth gut wrenching trails, or along the wilderness/tress. Also you can rent a kayak and take to the seas in your personal oasis of the seas. You can also take a dip in the beach or bbq with the family.... And to top if off you can rent a cabin and stay the night if your simply in the mood to get away from the hussle and bussle from the city life... highly recommended
I just want to move here! Oleta has it all. From canoeing, to camping, and of course mountain biking. Oleta has some pretty nice mountain bike trails. Oleta river feeds off into the intercoastal branching into tons of little keys that a great to beach your boat, swim and have a good time. The fishing in this area is really productive, and the camping is good too. Have an emergency? Oleta is in the middle of Aventura so you arent exactly roughing it out.
This is a great park. It's a chill oasis set in the middle of high rise condos and malls where you can bike, paddle, swim or just hang out. It's so nice to get out of the city and experience some nature. Mind you, very pretty nature. It's equally amazing to see that woods exist in these parts. Kayaking through the mangroves is a pretty sweet experience as is biking the trails. As with most worthwhile parks in Florida there is a $6 per car fee to enter.
Wonderful for dates! My husband and I have been here several times for paddling. The best time to come is during the week if possible. There are lots of peaceful and secluded places to explore both in and out of your kayak or canoe. We always rent the canoe and paddle around until we find some new little beach or inlet and we do the picnic/relax on the blanket and listen to nature thing. We have been here to go hiking as well, but we find the paddle-to-spot and then go-walking option to be more stimulating and relaxing.  ;-)
Ok. I hate the burst the collective bubble, but this park is scurvy! Stay away unless you are going for the bike trails. Pros: Close to FIU. Has mountain bike trails, bike and kayak rentals. Cons: Let me count the ways! 1) Park Ranger barely spoke English. #Fail. 2) Picnic tables crowded into one small area resulting in a horde of people. 3) Bra (I'm not kidding!) hanging from tree leading to picnic area. 4) Large amount of dried snot on fishing pier. 5) Roar of jet engines overhead and screaming kayakers completely killed any and all nature vibe. 5) Did I mention the screaming kayakers? Not just one or two. Lots of them. There is no communing with nature. 6) Playground is not shaded. Sorry Yelpers, but this park pales in comparison to Crandon Park. I saw Mc D's bag, Capri Sun pouches, lots of plastic bottle tops and other trash just in the short walk up to the picnic area.  Thumbs down unless you are mountain biking.  I have to learn how to add photos.  I wish I could share with you what I saw.
What an absolutely beautiful place and with so many wonderful things to do too. Really makes you appreciate our homegrown beauty.
Pretty cool place because of it location and nice place to cook out or picnic. (I live across the street and ride my bike there quite often) However its stinks there now because they are doing some construction there and must have dug up some sewer lines nearby. Just the park near entering the park smells bad, over near the water and beach it doesnt smell. They do charge you to enter and it does close at sundown. Make sure you pay even if your on your bike just before sundown because they have and a**hole cop that hangs out there and he thinks he is gods gift to state park police. lol He ran me down with full lights and sirens because i forgot to pay (on my bike with headphones using the bike entrance, 15 mins. before closing time)     But it is a nice escape from the area if your looking for nature. There are many racoons that come around quite a bit to look for food and they dont seem to mind people so much. I have seen a few huge Iguana's there as well. They have canoe rentals. ENJOY _) --- Dont forget to bring bug spray for mosq.
My favorite park in South Florida.  I went here once for an event where we kayaked through the park.  I had no idea such a great place existed.  It's got everything you need here.  Quiet wooded nature, kayaking, awesome bike trails, and a beach.  It's $6 per car to enter.  It kind of sucks that you have to pay since parks in other states are free, but I guess that comes with no state income tax.  But really there're very few other ways where you can spend $6 in this city and be able to have an event filled afternoon.  After coming here once I decided I had to buy a bike and come here more often.  One of my new favorite places to go over the weekend.
Great place to launch your boat or kayak... and go enjoy the sand bar with a couple of your friends and of course... a few beers.
The park is only $6 per vehicle to get in. It is very big and has many things to do. You can camp (for $55 a night), go to the beach, hike, bike ride, kayak or paddle board. I will definitely go again :-)
Mountain Biking , Canoeing  and Kayaking is what I most enjoy at  Oleta. The Restrooms especially but also cabins and picnic areas seem to  need a lot of attention. I love that I can rent a bike. A great place to connect with Nature
Came here for the first time for the Dare 2 Live Kayak adventure. This park has it all, from kayak trails to bike trails. You can even camp here if you like. It's right off the intercoastal and the park has a bunch of little islands that you can kayak to. I was able to kayak to a few and there's a few with nice beaches. I recommend coming here for your first camping or adventure trip only because it's not exactly out in the wilderness. If you want to leave for any reason, you have Aventura that's a jump, skip and hop away.
Disclaimer: This review is solely based on the campgrounds at Oleta and the cabins. NOT the rest of the park. Last weekend I went camping here with some friends and family. It was my first time camping but the others around me were somewhat experienced so I had something to compare it to based on what they told me about past experiences at other camp sites. Basically there are 14 cabins and when I mean cabin, I mean a room with a bed and an AC unit, THATS IT, which is totally fine. I get that it's camping and that the whole purpose is to be outdoors all the time. I actually like this because it's nice to sleep in mosquito-less AC after a day of sweat and countless bug bites. So, this was a positive for me. Please be aware that there is NO fridge, no bathroom, no sheets or pillows, no seating area. Every cabin comes with a picnic table and a grill, you need to bring everything: towels, sheets, pillows, food, cooler, and charcoal. I recommend bringing a tent/canopy of some kind to put over the picnic table so that the sun is not beaming down on you while you eat, everyone had it this way. My main complaints are that the grass was not cut and that the bathrooms were FILTHY. Being outdoors all the time is enough work to then have to do leg lifts every time you have to walk somewhere; to the cabin, to the bathroom, to the picnic table, to the trash can; it makes the bug situation twice as bad and just makes for an uncomfortable experience. You would think that the state would pay to have the grass cut at least for the weekend, but I guess things really are that bad. My next issue was with the bathrooms. Sure, it would have been nice and convenient if they had AC, but that's not even what I'm complaining about. From the day we got there, to the day we left, these bathrooms were filthy. I mean like a serious health hazard. When you're going camping, everyone knows that you have to take flip flops to shower since you're using a public bathroom, but you know things are bad when you wear flip flops and that isn't even protecting your feet. Every time I took a shower my feet were submerged in the shower water that the person before me used. This is NOT OKAY! Not to mention, that since they are wide open, there are dead and live bugs floating in that water as well and everywhere else in the bathroom; on the toilets, in the sinks and on the walls. My boyfriend used the women's bathroom for everything because he said the smell was slightly more tolerable in the women's. It smelled and looked terrible. Humidity from the showers on top of humidity from the South Florida climate, the bathrooms were breeding grounds for bacteria. These people need to get their shit together and start cleaning the bathrooms AT LEAST once a day. Especially in the weekend when all 14 cabins are occupied. Other than that, the park itself is great. Great for biking, kayaking, hiking and beaching.
I love this place! Really is an awesome get away. Pretty sure they raised the prices of all the rentals but, still worth it. The only downside park was trashed! Got there early unlike some people on Easter Sunday to get a good spot. Spent most of the AM picking up tacks from the ground and guarding my grill!! Some people have no regard for anyone else!! The park is great too bad the people are a reminder of the town you are in.
This place is great if you want to forget the fast life of the city and enjoy time w/ family and friends in nature. They have rentals for kayaks and areas for picnics, camping and trails for mountain biking.
Wonderful place to get away from it all! I went kayaking and had an awesome experience. Beautiful and extremely relaxing. Coming back for sure.
Oleta River State Park has tons of cycling trails. we just came over with our beach cruisers and rode along the paved path all around the park. This is the place for mountain bikers, but we still enjoyed the park. There are picnic areas all over the park, some are on the water. Some picnic areas are near a beach that allows swimming. There is also kayak rental, which I would love to try, but kayak rentals in south florida are SO high ($18 1.5 hrs). I never see anyone renting kayaks at any parks and I think it has to do with the prices down here. But back to Oleta. This is a great spot for a quick getaway from the city, that is close with plenty of options for the day.
Checked it out for the first time. Lots of families picnicing, people kayaking, fishing off a dock, swimming and biking. At this time of the year better get there EARLY because the heat gets pretty oppressive unless you make frequent trips to the water. Some paths accumulate big puddles from recent rains so be on guard for mosquitos. .
This is an awesome park to escape for the weekend. We stayed at a cabin in the summer and it was awesome. The cabins have a wall air conditioner and there equipped with a bunk bed, a queen bed and a desk. Showers are public and are separate from the cabin but they are still very close. each cabin has its own fire pit and swing outside. Biking was really fun here they have paths along the cabins and the beach. The beach was amazing though. Its super flat and its so nice. Its a little small but its still nice. Boats sometimes pass by but its not a big deal. Great for a family bbq and hanging out at the park.
Beautiful park for bike riding! Very relaxing way to spend a day.
Great park! great place to mounatin bike!!!
Make sure you bring some bug spray. I have never seen so many mosquitos in my life!
My favorite urban escape! Drive about a half a mile into Oleta, look up and notice how the surrounding condos miraculously disappear. On the days that I miss New York, I make my way out to this park, rent a kayak and slip away into the mangroves. Crazy River's pretty sweet. A two-hour rental is just enough time to row through all the little rivers and hit the beach, too.
Grew  up attending this place, from the cabins to the fake beach, to the awesome trails, i really enjoyed this place, would recommend it to anyone.
My very first time doing Mountain Bicycle trails at Florida's park. I decide to sign up the race through GONERIDING.COM, which is ofc they host at Oleta River State Park. Alot of rider warning me about "root" on the trails. The whole entire time I though it going to be pieces of cake because there is child participate the events too. After across the finish line, WHEW! what a tough trail I ever rode! The root is at EVERYWHERE! Don't get me wrong, I love this trails but its just annoy is the ROOTS! ARGH! Perfect trails for people who is up for challenge! I will go there again for my next trip! Beautiful park out there. Just pay the parking fee which range between $4.00-$6.00. Looking forward going there again! :0)
awesome park in miami! oleta park is the largest urban park in the state of florida. here you will find: nice clean beaches, (good for snorkeling) awesome bike trails, nature/hiking trails, kayak/canoe trails, great picnic areas. good spots to fish, wildlife viewing... you could also rent a cabin overnight for 45$ a night. kayak go for 12$ per hour. i love this park!
My 11 year old son is going to summer camp here this summer.  Such a beautiful place.  He did camp here also about 5 years ago so this is a return trip for him.  I particularly love the fact they have a safe beach for swimming.  From what I see from driving in there each morning and evening, this place is very popular with mountain bikers. Theres a place where you can rent canoes and kayaks for going through the mangroves and possibly into the intracostal. They also have some camping cabins you can rent by the night for camping so at some stage this summer I intend to rent one for the night with my boys and a visiting cousin so they can light an outside fire and experience some of the outside while not moving far from home.  I'll keep you posted.  OH, last Halloween (2007) they had the most brilliant Haunted Trail and Haunted Hayride that my kids are still talking about.....each day I drop the 11 yr old to camp the 4 yr old asks me if Jason is still there with his chainsaw or if he's gone home to his mammy for dinner.
I took 3 of my 5 sons on a 7 night stay in the cabins at Oleta River State Park. Overall the trip was fantastic. Oleta River SP is right in the heart of the Miami Beaches. The park itself is awesome. So much to do, ride bikes, kayak, fish, swim. The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of 5 is because although the cabins are awesome, the rest room/shower facilities are disgusting. It says on their website they are clean, NOT!! They were filthy and had not been cleaned in who knows how long. I did see a gentleman come around with mop bucket and cleaning equipment but all he did is take out the trash. The same dead bugs were all over the sink and toilet the showers were stopped up. Finally on our 2nd to last day another man came by and actually cleaned up the showers. Too bad the first guy did not. Also, Memorial Day weekend is something called Urban Beach weekend. Not a big draw for me. Was ok for my sons. Just something to keep in mind for next year. I would go back and so would my boys. Really the only bad thing is the disgusting restroom/showers. Oh, I forgot I had a theft as well. The signs say "registered campers only beyond this point" but that is not enforced at all. people are all up in the camping area day and night,  (drinking beer) I never saw one security patrol the entire week. Someone stole some of my diving gear. (face mask/snorkel) that was my fault for leaving it out.  in sum, biking, awesome. kayaking, awesome, beach awesome, cabins, awesome, showers disgusting (I think it is just a case of lazy state employees not doing their job) poor security.
Nice place to have a BBQ. There are free grills to use but you have to pay admission to get into the park. Once you are in the park you can paddle through small waterways and enjoy the scenery of mangrove trees what we really loved.
A great place to get your need for off road biking or kayaking on, or just get away from the urban sprawl.  While kayaking you would never know you were so close to such a crowded area.  Florida's largest urban park, Oleta River is located on Biscayne Bay in the busy Miami metropolitan area. Although it offers a variety of recreational opportunities, the park is best known for miles of off-road bicycling trails, ranging from novice trails to challenging trails for experienced bicyclists. Along the Oleta River, at the north end of the park, a large stand of beautiful mangrove forest preserves native South Florida plants and wildlife. Canoeists and kayakers can paddle the river to explore this amazing natural area. Swimming from a 1,200-foot sandy beach and saltwater fishing are also popular activities. Picnic tables and grills are available. Nine pavilions can be rented for a fee. All have water, and the largest one has electricity. Visitors can rent kayaks, canoes, and bicycles.
went canoing with 2 kids.. for 3 hours is was 55 bucks plus 6 to get into the park. got there about 10:30 on a saturday and there was still parking near the concession stand. packed a lunch and had a great canoe ride. stopped at a tiny rocky beach, ate and swam. the kids loved it.  DO NOT FORGET MOSQUITO SPRAY. you'll be in mangroves and the mosquito's are nuts. that was the only downside. also, they rent paddleboats and kayaks which are great. the water was abut murky. it's incredible this park exists so close to miami. Also there is an extensive  bike trail and they also rent bikes.
2 saturdays in a row the H & I have traveled to this park to have the best outdoor day. you can kayak, canoe, or bike ride. we have seen iguanas, needle fish, and even a dolphin! coming here is a great way to feel like a tourist in your own back yard.
Love the park.. Cabins not so much! We stayed here in the cabins for Valentines and it was not at all what we thought.. Our cabin was full of Cobb webs in every corner and over our heads.. Animal poop on one of the beds , and the beds are like deflated air mattresses.. No cushion at all!
beautiful park, wonderful for biking and wandering around.kayaking here is awesome, supposedly. water is wonderful for a dip. would be fun to throw a party here in one of the rental gazebos thingys.
