Great way to see Miami.  Pilot in command was a great narrator and a safe operator.  Knew his way around a seaplane.   Waiting for the seaplane can be awkward.  The meetup location is not staffed.  You drive down an unimproved and very rough road, and then wait for the seaplane to arrive.
My fiance hired Miami Seaplane Tours for our engagement weekend (November 22, 2013).  He booked them to fly us to and from Little Palm Island near Key West- all while keeping it a surprise for me. They were incredibly discreet, even flying into the island in such a way that I wouldn't see it until the moment we docked.  (they knew we were getting engaged that weekend - and even asked once they picked us up) When we returned to Miami, the weather was really windy and rainy.  The pilot masterfully docked the seaplane, and then carried me out so I wouldn't have to get into the waist deep choppy water to get back to land. Superb service - great view from up there - and such a fun experience. Can't wait to do it again!
This was a fabulous trip, we really enjoyed our 30 minute flight.  Our pilot was a gracious host, telling us all about seaplanes and then all about the sights we were seeing from the air. This is a must do/must experience for anyone visiting Miami!  Well worth the fare, I would go again in a heartbeat.
I am from Miami and attended the University of Miami for college. I thought it would be impossible to experience something new in this beautiful city... been there...done that. My boyfriend never stops impressing me. For my birthday, he surprised me with a trip to Miami, and among his many fun activities for us, he planned a seaplane ride. I expected the seaplane to be a blast for the two of us, since we both enjoy aviation and had never flown in one. However, our Miami Seaplane ride went "above and beyond" expectations and was an experience we will always remember. The tour is great for visitors and locals alike. Our pilot (Adriel) gave us a tour with just enough information and jokes. Seeing Miami from the air gives you a whole new perspective and appreciation for the beauty of the city.  We spotted manatees, huge schools of fish, and sharks hunting the schools of fish. We saw the start of the Florida Keys and Stiltsville. Perfect for romance or a fun afternoon with friends. I would be interested in taking one of their longer tours around the Everglades. Hands down this is one of my favorite experiences in the Magic City! Miami is spread out, and it's hard to really appreciate the city as a whole from any other vantage point than the air.  Plus, nothing is quite as glamorous as landing on water.
Anderson was a true professional that knew the history of the area and flew the plane with ease and caution. Great experience, a must do in Miami! I wish I knew about the day trips/packages to the islands, I would have taken advantage of that option with Miami Seaplanes. Recommended!
Tony is very nice and the tour was great! I would recommend it to everyone.
My boyfriend surprised me with this tour as part of my 21st birthday celebrations. At first I was terrified, as I'm afraid of heights, but immediately felt welcomed and comfortable after I met - the pilot, whose name slips my mind right now :( . The views were incredible. An experience I'll never forget. Worth every penny. He even plays your music for you and speaks over the music whenever there's a comment to add. The only thing that would have made the experience any more perfect than it already was, was a cold Stella. Other than that, I have nothing negative to say about the experience. He even took our pictures before and after the trip. As a Miami native, seeing the city from another perspective was truly a humbling experience. A must do for tourists and locals alike! Buying a package for my father's birthday right after posting this!
Miami - I've been a resident all my life and had forgotten what the hell I was doing here.  Between the nasty traffic, real estate crash, overpriced drinks, and banana republic status, my favorite city had lost a lot of luster over the years.   Having gone on this tour reminded me that we truly live in one of the most spectacular cities on the planet.  Being able to see Miami in all her splendor from above really is a sight to behold.  From all of the new additions to the downtown/brickell skyline to South Beach to the pristine untouched nature by lightouse point, it really gave me a new appreciation for this town.  Our pilot Adriel was a bad-ass and he provided some awesome narrative to go along with the sights.  We all really need to get out and see the sights more instead of just getting caught up spending the weekend doing errands.   We went on a SeaPlane tour one Saturday thanks to a Goupon promotion for 50% off.   I can honestly say it was one of the best things I have ever done in Miami.
This was such a great adventure!   Our Seaplane Tour captain was sexy & informative! We went up near sunset and he showed us all around the greater Miami area, pointing out areas of interest & celebrity's houses & boats.  He even took a picture of us while were flying and told us to get a little "closer!"  So lovely and sexy! The view was incredible and the ride was really fun.  He had a great patter up in the air, very relaxed - but as I mentioned before - informative!   One of my favorite parts of our Miami trip!  Excellent!
I booked the ultimate one hour flight as a gift for my dad. The booking by phone was very simple and, Nicole, the booking agent, was super helpful and friendly. My dad had the best experience ever!! He made me regret not having booked a tour for myself as well. The pilot was very easy-going (I believe his name was Tony but I'm not sure), he took time to take pictures with us (a lot!) before the flight, he told us where to go to have the best view to see them taking off and during the flight was going over everything in Miami, spending more time over the things that my dad was pointing at. I would definitely recommend it that tour, my dad had a great time, even more so thanks to the pilot.
What an amazing experience! A friend and I took the seaplane from Bimini to Miami and we had an amazing experience. Tony arrived on time and has been a delight. He's a very nice and fun guy. The ride has been super smooth. Thank you for such a good service! Laurent.
Lived in Miami most of my life, found this place online. The pilot and the other guy were awesome, very nice people. The plane was safe and the views are amazing.. Highly recommended!
What an AMAZING experience! My boyfriend surprised me with a valentines weekend getaway to Bimini and what a romantic and unique touch the sea plane ride was. Our pilot was a romantic. He took photos pre flight,during and post and he even aloud us to play our own music; which made this experience even more personal.The pilots commitment to great customer service is to be commended. You can be sure this experience will hold up to any and all expectations(punctual,safe,clean and romantic). THANK YOU!!!!
Pilot was considerate to our requests to fly over certain sites within our range. Punctual. Cordial. Safety conscious. Flew to Key Largo for lunch and back to Rickenbacker Cswy. Lunch was the usual fare. . .salad with salmon, but acceptable. Key lime pie... delicious. Very nice birthday celebration!  A must do activity.
Man, who hasn't wanted to go on a sea plane! My partner and I live downtown and see the plane flying by all the time. We frequently dine at the near by Rusty Pelican. Well, low and behold, a groupon came out and we pounced at the opportunity. Amazing! Finding the place is super easy, parking is a cinch just in front of the fenced in entrance. You fill out some forms and thats it, we took off literally with in 5 mins of our booked time. The pilot was this super nice and friendly guy named Adriel. He provides commentary over the speakers while flying along with nice music. It was just so much fun, we went out government cut waterway above the cruise ships and north along Miami Beach to just past the Fontainebleau. Once we landed Adriel even offered and took the time to take pics of us together. What a pleasure to experience professional and personal customer service in Miami! Thank you all for making this such a fun and memorable experience. Way to go !!
What an amazing experience! Boyfriend bought a deal on Groupon for Miami Seaplane Tours and it was definitely worth it! The staff was extremely friendly and our Pilot was fantastic! He gave us great information without being too talkative. It was a great adventure -Takeoff and landing were smooth and I was not nervous at all. We got to see Miami/Miami beach from a new, beautiful perspective. Photos turned out gorgeous, too, and all my friends are so jealous! ;) Great quality and value; DO THIS IN MIAMI!
I want to write an update on this from my previous review, I sent messages to a few people on Trip Advisor who had positive reviews Miami Sea Plane Tours and one guy got back to me that he only tipped $20 (just like us) and the others didn't tip. This is unlike what the owner Tony told me. I talked to my credit card company and the representative thought that was not right so they refunded me the money the owner charged me (compulsary tipping). I still recommended people to go on this tour but be aware of their practive and only tip in cash to the pilot however you feel like it. Make sure you check your credit card statement and not paying more than what you are supposed to pay.
This was such a fun and different thing to do! I live here and it was still so enjoyable and interesting to see Miami from a completely different vantage point. Incredible views!!
This was a great experience! Every resident from the city or a guest should do this. Gives you a totally different view on the city of Miami/Miami beach.  I have lived here my whole life, and it really was a different way to see it.  No congestion, traffic, bad drivers, and best of all NO RUDENESS!! Gave me a little wake up call on this amazing city we live in called Miami!  Great pilot, clean plane, and jamming tunes!  I recommend this to anyone whether they be friends, family, or tourists. Just you, the air, and the scenic views! LOVING THE MIA!
Went on Miami Seaplane Tours on 11/11/11. Northeast front coming in made for very windy conditions, but pilot was excellent, and also a a great tour guide. We saw manatees swimming off Virginia Key, and a glorious view of the mansion and gardens of Vizcaya in Coconut Grove, as well as South Beach. Wish it lasted longer!
Total blast....the price is fantastic, every employee takes pride and you can tell they love what they do. Been in Miami since 97 but have never had so much fun! Hope to do it again soon!
No words could accurately describe the experience. Tony, his Wife and Ariel could not be more friendly and professional. We are so glad we did it!. You will remember this as one of your best moments as a couple!!
Awesome experience. I've always loved this city, but it looks even more spectacular from the sky. It was thrilling to see downtown and key biscayne area (specially the lighthouse) from the top. The Pilot was courteous and funny, and pretty experienced too. We ran into a storm by the end of our ride, and despite all the turbulence and rains he landed us safely back to the port. Totally impressed with his skills. All in all a great experience. Would definitely recommend to all my friends and family
