So fun! It's been a while since I've written a review but I had so much fun on Thriller yesterday, I had to let everyone know. As a local, we sometimes forget how many fun touristy things there are to do. There was a travelzoo deal for Thriller so we decided to give it a whirl. I highly recommend it! Good customer service and a great ride. Fast, fun, great views of the city.
I had so much fun on the Thriller Tour! The music was fun and fitting for the occasion. Our tour guide, Manny, was great and knowledgeable about Miami.  He even took pictures of everyone on the boat with their phones, iPads, etc. while we were cruising. I sat in the second row and stayed dry but getting splashed would have been quite refreshing considering how hot it was. This was a highlight of our trip. P.S. I picked up a flyer in our hotel lobby that saved our party $5 off of each admission, so keep an eye out for discounts.
"You try to scream but terror takes the sound before you make it You start to freeze as horror looks you right between the eyes, You're paralyzed" No, you're not on set for the Michael Jackson "Thriller" video, but you're in line for something just as exciting...the Thriller speedboat tour, which just may have you screaming! Unlike other slow, boring tour boats and lame party boats with awful music and the ambiance of some awkward middle school birthday party, this boat goes quite fast, and will keep a speed junkie like myself satisfied.  Thriller, a white, plush leather-seated, yellow speedboat, goes at speeds of up to 50 mph, zipping in and out of waves, making sharp turns on boat wakes, and even zipping by swimmers and paragliders on the beach (at a safe distance, of course) while music blasts from their premium sound system! There is even a small drop as you head to Government Cut that might make your stomach feel funny for a brief moment. At the helm was the handsome Captain Trey-Trey (or is it Tray-Tray? Sorry if I misspelled that!) and the cute as a button Maria as Co-Captain.  They both did a great job making sure everyone was okay (including my kiddo, who actually wanted us to go faster!), and explaining all the sights and the houses of the rich and famous.   "You hear the door slam and realize there's nowhere left to run" Funnily enough, during this line of the song, Trey-Trey opened the First Aid Kit compartment door and slammed it (of course, you weren't expecting them to NOT play Michael Jackson's "Thriller" as you zipped through the Atlantic, did you? I mean, the boat is named "Thriller" after all!).  I had a huge smile on my face, as did my giggling kid, throughout this boat ride.  We got to see Star Island, Palm Island, Hibiscus Island, the SoFi area, Fisher Island, and even the beaches near Ocean Drive.  We saw Carmen Electra's home, Ricky Martin's, the Frost mansion (one of the most expensive if not the most expensive in Miami), the home used to film some of the Addams Family, and great views of the Miami skyline.   The tour lasts 45 minutes, which will seem short once you're on the boat because you're having fun.  I felt terrible that I had no cash on me and was unable to tip them because they were so nice. The only reason I took off one star was the photo package.  They take a photo before boarding the boat as you pose next to it on the dock, and then offer it to you for $20 only for the photo (but you must pay cash), or $30 for the photo and a frame (if you don't have cash, you have no other option but the $30 photo).  I thought that was an incredible ripoff, and considering that apparently, these were the photos they used to take (s3.grouponcdn.com/images…), it seems like they really lost their appeal.  I realize it's not the fault of the staff, but whoever owns this attraction made a big mistake with choosing this photo company and agreeing to their pricing.  My daughter was upset because she wanted the photo but I was unwilling to spend almost as much as what the ticket cost for a crummy photo, that was not even some exciting action shot.  Maria actually took a few photos for us and any other passengers for free, with our own cameras while on board, so at least this was a good alternative. If you're interested in this exhilarating ride, here is their schedule and pricing, you must make a reservation unless you don't mind finding yourself without a spot and waiting an hour or more for the next ride: Daily Tours: 11am, 12:30pm, 2pm, 3:30pm, 5pm (6:30pm in Spring & Fall, 8pm in Summer) Rates: Adults (ages 12+): $36, Children: $23 * $2 OFF FOR ONLINE RESERVATIONS, USE PROMO CODE (WEB)
i am a horrible tour guide so this boat is perfect when family and friends come to town.  it will cruise by some celebs houses. star island fisher island to name a few. fun. staff is high energy. 5stars. will be back.
$25 per person with 1hr tour, tourist guy is very entertainment.
Kick-ass fun right here! Get to ride a powerboat on the bay, wind in your hair and learn about your surroundings all at the same time. Tour guide is comedic and well-informed. Driver whips you around like you aren't on a tour lol Great fun and lots of Ohhh, Ahh moments. There's an 'Oh sh*t' Bar too so you can hang on if you need to.
An out-of-town friend was visiting, and the wife and I decided that it would be fun to take them for a tour of Biscayne Bay and see Star Island, Hibiscus Island et. all. We'd never done this ourselves either. We went with Thriller and didn't regret it. Thriller is a good bet because: (1) The boats are smaller, so you aren't competing for views with a ton of people on a double decker through windows. (2) The speed means you spend less time puttering from place to place, and can zip to the various attractions. (3) It's fun. The wind blowing in your face, music throbbing, ocean spray splashing you. It adds a definite "ride" aspect to the sightseeing, and gives visitors the amped-up, over-the-top "Miami experience". The portion of the tour that covers Star Island was fairly brief, as a lot of the time was spend caroming about the bay and cutting through waves for fun. But I feel you get enough "sample" of what Miami looks like -- from the islands of the rich 'n famous to a great view of both the Miami and Miami Beach skylines. If you are looking for a slower paced (and likely a bit more thorough) tour then Thriller probably isn't for you, and several tours actually depart from the same general dock area in Bayside Marketplace (a touristy downtown mall on the bay). However, I feel this is probably more entertaining and has a quintessentially Miami spirit. A word of warning: if you sit toward the outside of the boat, you will likely get quite wet and end up looking a bit bedraggled by the salt-water. Which seats will be the "lucky" ones isn't fully consistent, since it depends on the maneuvers the pilot decides on.
This is a must-do if you're in Miami. One of a kind, unique experience. The tour guide was hilarious. We took the 6:30 pm tour, with the sunset and skyline it was stunning. I had a slap happy stupid grin on my face the whole time, I'll never forget it!
Great time and highly recommended. Very fun and we were blessed with calm seas and beautiful weather. Definitely worth your while. However if your intent is to view all the houses around star, palm, and hibiscus island the cruise next to them might be better for you.
I feel like im speedin' through Miami Vice in this b*tch! PRO: There were times the powerboat hit the waves so hard we flew a few feet in the air... I wish there was more! CON: Stalking the celebrity homes. Total creeper status. Oh, word of advice for the ladies & gents... DO tie your hair back for this ride.
I have lived on South Beach for 11 years and finally broke down and fell into  what I thought would be fun but "touristy"I bought 9 tickets to celebrate a birthday and those were well worth it and even had me questioning why so long!? In the 11 years I have lived here it was honestly one of the best things I have done here!!!! We had such a good time from beginning to end and laughed so hard from joy!!! If you are visiting or live her you MUST MUST MUST do this!! We have already made plans to meet up at Bayside for drinks and jump aboard The Thriller again!!! can't wait!!!!!
We ended our Miami vacation with a trip on the Thriller Boat Tour. I booked it online for a tour the next day at 11:00 am. Their website offered enough details to make the go/no go decision. The tour itself was great. My family actually enjoyed the boat ride itself more than the sites you see along the ride. Sure you see the houses of famous people who probably don't stay more than a week or two a year in Miami, but the real fun part is when the music is turned way up and you head out past the no-wake zone into the Atlantic for some real speed boating. It was a lot of fun!
WAY COOL!!.  My 8 and 13 year old girls loved this ride.  I'm a local and this has to be one of the best things to do in South Florida.  I wanted an annual pass when it was over.....ha! no such thing....too bad.....they should consider it!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! This boat tour was so fun.It was by far the best thing I've done on my girls trip to Miami. The regular price for the tour was $36 online, but i had a $5 off coupon I got from my hotel( coupon allow up to 10 ppl to use). The tour guide was funny and had a good personality. They played music while you enjoying your ride. You get to see various celebrities masions, the atlantic ocean, and the beach. Highly recommend you try this out.
"I needs me my Dade County big booty girl she pretty" The above line from a DJ Khaled paean to our wonderful city nicely sums up my experience on the Thriller Speed boat tour, as well as piggybacking nicely with Hannah and Gustavo's recent Miami review. Bayside itself was my hangout spot while in high school and had become like that forgotten secret spot as I got older. A friend told me about tickets they had for the powerboat tour. On a beautiful sunny "winter" day like today, and with such cool company, who could say no? Lieutenant Dan - well actually Captain Dan - welcomed us aboard and his first mate gave us the required safety briefing. Feeling the anticipation build up with "Thriller" as we eased out of Bayside, the first "Worth Every Penny" moment came when we jumped the wake of another boat. What an effin rush! Appropriately enough, I think Flock of Seagulls "I Ran" was playing in a sound system loud enough to be heard over the motors and the waves gave the ride an awesome soundtrack. It felt like we were in a Miami action movie! We slowed down to see the requisite famous people's homes including my hero Alphonse Capone, including his observatory. Then open throttles and off shore we go. Heck yes, I'm talking out of the jetty, the Intracoastal and into the frickin Atlantic Ocean..said so on my GPS!! A couple of high speed turns here, another wake jump there and we headed back to our home port. We saw some pelicans on the way back and yes I said the famous line: "Look at the Birdie, Fly Pelican Fly" I'd be tempted to give this trip one star - but only because it had to end :( However, I'd be diminishing from one of the few cities in the world were you can enjoy a power boat ride in January and under a beautiful Saturday afternoon sun. That is one of the things that make me proud to say "I Was Born and Raised in the County of Dade".
It was great to be a tourist for the day. We went on a very choppy day, so once we got out into the Atlantic, it was a bumpy ride. Which I loved. What I didn't love was the wind shear that got me soaking wet. The people were nice, and did a great job with their presentation. It's like a roller coaster ride in the Atlantic.
Very cool tour. Paid $32 bucks a person, plus $10 for our picture. They take you on a very fast speed boat around star island and showed us celebrity homes, which was the highlight of their tour. Only downside, they basically beg you to tip them which is a bit annoying.
Just got back from South Beach, FL and Thriller Miami Powerboat Tour was the highlight of our trip NOT South Beach. The tour was sooo much FUN!!! Although the wind and saltwater made my hair very nappy, I would totally do it again whenever I visit Miami. My friends and I got our deals on Groupon...for $21 you get the tour and a group picture. The boat was definitely fast and they took us to all the major hot spots in Miami. It was a great experience, and best way to see Miami, Miami Beach, and South Beach. Thriller Miami Powerboat Tours...you guys ROCK!
The wind blowing in your face. The music blaring. A ride on Thiller is as entertaining as it is thrilling. The Thriller Miami Speedboat Tour is a 45 minute mashup of the typical sightseeing tour combined with adventure. On the tour, you will see a few of Miami's coastal sites including the downtown Miami skyline, the Port of Miami, Fisher Island, Miami Beach and a few homes of the rich and famous. Now, if you are looking for an informative tour or something a little more relaxed, try one of the many other tours that departs from Bayside, but if you are looking for a fun filled high-speed ride, look no further.
Just went on this tour with my boyfriend while on vacation and this is an awesome boat ride to go on. I love the water and this tour throws lots of it right at you. The tour guide himself was very energetic and informative. We went out into the ocean and it was better than I expected. My boyfriend on the other hand had been here before and went on a slower tour ride so this was definitely his favorite of the two. If you're looking for a tour with both excitement and thrills then this is the tour for you. Expect to get wet!!
Knowing that I was going to Miami for WMC, I hooked up with Miami's deals on Groupon. For $21, myself and 32 other passengers were taken on  a 45 minute tour of Port of Miami, South Beach, Fisher and Star Island -  Miami Vice Style: in a powerboat. Youre taken to Star Island  where celebrities like Elizabeth Taylor, Sylvester Stallone, and Brangelina supposedly live, and where the mansions filmed in Bad Boys and Scarface are. Its fun and entertaining (like when the driver goes fast, or when the tour guide's jokes are actually funny). It's definitely a tourist thing to do. I dont know if I would have paid $45 dollars- the price of the tour without the Groupon Deal.
It was a bit hard to find at first, as its on a pier obsconded by a mall near the Hard Rock cafe. We went on the 6:30 tour which was perfect as the mansions were seen in daylight, but the ride back to the city was during sunset. The music was hilarious, the driving was awesome fast and furious and my fiancee and I couldn't stop smiling. Plus it took half as long as the other tours to see the same amount of stuff. The sound system was great and the tour guide was funny and had some great info.
Lots of fun for a family trip to see the city. Boat goes fast and takes you out to the ocean and to homes of the stars.
Holy crap. This tour definitely live up to its name. It shoots you out on to Miami Bay and it feels like you are going over 100 miles an hour. I mean...you gotta ride a speedboat in Miami...its MIAMI! Mannie was our tour guide, and he was super sweet. My friend and I sat in the last row which is where you get super wet because of the back current so we got tossed around and pretty wet, but had such an awesome time. It takes you around star island, and you get to see different sights up close, like the house where they filmed Scarface. It is a little pricey, but definitely worth the cash. Mannie even let us sit up in the 2nd driver's chair for a second to snap some action shots. Another nice thing is the tour guides are locals, and they gave us great advice on where to go, and what restaurants to try. Super nice!
How could you come to Miami and NOT go on a boat ride, Miami Vice style?!! Ok, maybe not quite Miami Vice but good enough for a one-time tourist thing. You get a little bit of everything: scenic views (I recommend going on the tour at sunset), a thrilling ride (high speed & sharp turns in the ocean), random facts about Miami, and a Hollywood-esque tour of celebrity homes - Miami edition.
This ride is fun, entertaining and worth the money. You will get a chance to ride past some celebs homes, south beach, and you'll dip into the Atlantic ocean. Be sure to be on time. FYI: you can get a 2-3 discount by booking it online. Would I do this again? Yes, it would be great to do this with a group of friends. At the end of the ride they ask for tips and many people view that as a draw back from the experience.
I bought a Groupon for Thriller Miami. I had so much fun! The boat is really cool and they play great music. First we toured star island and inside the bays. Then we let her rip out in the Atlantic! The captain gave us a great and "thrilling ride". You will get soaked if you are in the back of the boat. The water was warm though and it added to the excitement! I would highly recommend this adventure.
I always bring visitors here - and always go with them on the trip (and always ask for local discount which they do not have LOL). Great ride - fun - and much more exciting than the usual slow boat to china type tour boats heading out of Bayside. It is probably the most pricy of all the boats, but it is worth it - always take the sunset one (last one of the day) and you will get AMAZING pics of SoBe from the ocean as well as downtown Miami and Biscayne Wall with a STUNNING miami sunset in the background. Get in line well before launch time so you can get a good seat (the farther back you sit, the more chance you have of getting a little wet. Also, remember to tip your hosts - they do a great job during the tour - and at least once on the tour, thanks to the music blasting - you will totally feel like you are channeling Don Johnson ;)
The tour is really fun and entertaining. The captains of the boat are very courteous and put an effort to ensure you have a good time. They take you around South Beach and also to see celebrity homes that belong to Will Smith, Enrique Iglesias, and many more. However, the individual promoting the tour and processing your payment is quite rude and unprofessional. While I was there, some people who stated they were from a foreign country asked for a discount and stated they had four people, the guy asked "four or poor?". Great tour regardless but just don't let the guy get smart with you!
Husband and I decided to try this one weekend because it sounded fun and we had a groupon. The guys running the tour were really nice and made the ride entertaining. The boat was clean and in good condition and they definitely went a decent speed as well as giving some cool factoids about the awesome houses on the water as you pass by.
Cruising down the Miami Beach coast, seeing Star island and flying over waves with a pro speed boat racing driver and great sound system to boot!  This is a 'must do' for anyone visiting Miami.
Overall a great ride and good tour. We had a groupon which made it especially worth it. Everything about it was good!
Well worth the price in comparison to the much slower water tours.  The boat really does clear 50 mph in some areas and when going towards open water we clearly were clearing jumps in excess of 10 feet off the water.  Very thrilling experience.  At some point though i felt the driver of the boat was going too fast through the 5 ft swells and that the boat would flip over.   Unfortunately it was windy causing the water to be very choppy so our boat was not able to complete the full tour (per coast guard) and in addition the boat suffered some malfunction causing us to only use 1 motor the whole ride back (~15 mph only).  For this malfunction I gave the tour 3 stars because i believe all these issues on a boat need to be addressed before going to open water. Hence, our tour was cut short and there was no secondary route planned as promised.
If your visiting Miami and you want a fun way to view just about everything.. then do this! it was a very exciting way to view the area. We wanted to do some tourist activities and we had a great time taking in the sun and going on this boat ride. It does go very fast at times but nothing to worry about :)
Awesome experience! Comfortable seating and the staff was very entertaining! Great music selection while sailing but you may not be able to think about it with this THRILLING ride! Goes about 50mph during the open ocean portion! The boat speeding across the water even jumping! U WILL get wet! But it was awesome! But it does slow down around the islands for short but sometimes funny commentary about the houses and their famous inhabitants Highly recommended! =)
This was one of the best "boat tours" I've experienced!   We boarded the Thriller Powerboat Tour at Bayside in Miami, Florida - a picturesque location from the shore.  From the water, the scenery is even better!  I found the tour to have achieved the perfect combination of wind-in-your-hair fun, did ya know facts and fun!  If you don't like your hair to be wind-blown and/or you have an aversion to a bit of spray from the ocean, then this tour may not be for you.   I will be happy to take future guests on this wonderful tour!
Totally worth it. Fast fun way to see Miami from the Ocean. Skip the slow millionaires row tours and sign up for some speed!  It ruined my hair for the day and I still loved it!
If you are in Miami, you MUST do the Thriller boat ride. The ride is super fun, the views of Miami are amazing, and the captain team are fun and friendly. Be ready to get wet though! We had a blast :) well worth the $$$.
A must if you come to Miami.  My best boat ride ever.
