I'm giving this sail 5 stars because it's just that GOOD! I purchased a groupon back in february as a valentine's day gift but decided to wait to take this sail till the water was  warm and weather was just right and boy was it perfect. We parked the car towards the back of bayside for $10 and got to the boat right at 12, luckily they waited an extra 5 minutes. As we got on I noticed only 5 other people had booked the trip. This was awesome because that gave everyone an ample amount of space on the boat to do their own thing. Once the captain finished giving us some safety tips we started to set sail. They had really good reggae music going and we were able to enjoy some beers we brought along with us. For those aboard that didn't bring drinks they offered beer/wine for $3 each and they also had unlimited soda for everyone. We sailed around some islands and through south point about 45 minutes into the trip we anchored at emerald reef. The water was so clear we were able to see right to the bottom even without the snorkels they provided us. They had a huge floating mat that was good to lay on and relax, But most of the time everyone was just really enjoying the snokeling. The weather so nice that even the captain didn't want to leave so we actually got to stay for an extra 25 minutes. You can jump off the side of the boat or go down the stairs they have either way water was perfect, drinks were cold and the staff was amazing. I also noticed that the boat was extremely clean. I would love to come on this catamaran again especially with a large group of friends.This was literally the best groupon experience i've ever had. I would recommend this catamaran to anyone looking for a day out on the water.
I still can't even get over this trip! it was so amazinggg and only 50$ for 3 hours!!!! Sam and Tyler were great and even gave us a mini tour of Star Island! They were very knowledgeable of the homes and fun to hangout with. We finally arrived to the mini island and it was legit paradise. Water was clean, beautiful sand and awesome water toys. I was so sad when it was over. They played music, 3$ wine/beer, and had an awesome trampoline, paddle board, kayak, and more. We wanted to go the next day too but sadly were closed on Tuesdays. When I go back to Miami, this is the first thing I will be doing!!!!!!!!!
I was so impressed by my experience. The boat was nice and spacious, not too many people. The staff was friendly.
Had so much fun! So relaxing, I had so much fun! And will do it again when I return! If you get a change it is worth every dollar I swear!
How is this place 5 star? My wife and i booked the $50/person "Island Adventure - Miami"... the shuttle picked us up from the hotel and drove us there. Due to traffic, we got there 15-20min late. After getting off, we were asked for $10/person for the shuttle. I was under the impression that the shuttle would be free - ok, shafted $20.. Got on board the boat with about 10 people and the boat took us straight to Flager Island (10 minute distance). The boat anchored. Confused, I asked the captain if we were going to go around and see anything, and he said "this is where we deport the water toys and hang out"...ok - shafted - NO tour...ZERO. There was a water trampouline, kayaks, and some floaty things to lay on. 2 hrs went by. NO water/soda/drinks offered, although there were 2 coolers in the back of the boat. Shafted - stayed hungry/thirsty. There was a plate with peanuts and another plate of pretzel sticks. Definitely dont know whose hands has been in either plate so i didnt eat these "snacks." Captain cracked open a coconut which was pretty cool. After 2hrs we returned back. I noticed we had finished 15-20 min early. Add that to being 20min late by the shuttle, and this whole event was cut 30min short. And we waited 20 min for the shuttle to pick us back up. VERY dissapointing and what a waste of $120 ($100 for the "tour" and $20 for the shady shuttle". This should be called "Shaft Island" I wouldnt reccomend this venue. Go put $120 on black...better odds.
I offered to my parents for their holidays in Miami the sunset cruise. They loved it. The team is very nice and the guide was a lot of humor. We had a great time and I recommend it.
The weather was a little rough but, we had a blast anyway. From the guy who met us at the dock to the two staff members on the boat, everyone was courteous, professional, and fun. They have an aux jack hooked up to the sound system so anyone can take a turn at being DJ with your own tunes. We cruised out to this little island where we pulled up to shore and got the party started. They pulled out the inflatable trampoline, paddle boards, and kayaks. I spent most of my afternoon chillaxin on the trampoline drinking beers. Then the sky opened up and everyone bailed back to the boat... except myself. A little rain wasn't stopping my good time. I had a blast out there bouncing around in the rain. The only thing that would have made our trip better was some better weather but Caribbean Spirit can't control that.
Awesomeness!! My friend found a Groupon and wanted to take a quick adventure. Let me start off by saying, this same friend was running late (public transportation is not the most efficient in the time of need) and all three guys, Diego, Brian, and the guy we sign-in to, did everything possible to wait for her...and she made it thanks to them! They did a great job trying to hype up the group which was a big group, but not uncomfortable. They have great energy and fun.   The ride was just great and relaxing. Once on the island, they brought down the toys. Two two-person kayaks, two paddle boards, some flat water floats and the water trampoline. Had enough time to try everything and relax on the water! Great experience and will be doing another tour!
I checked this place out last Saturday and it was the perfect amount of time and tons of fun. We bought the Ski & Splash Half Day Water Sports Adventure package and had a total of 12 people. We made it to the little island, got in the water and waited for the bigger group to do the activities first. There were jet skis, banana boat, HUGE water mat, kayaks, water trampoline, and noodles to float. The crew was very nice and friendly, and took care of the music, too! Now that I live here, I could definitely see myself taking friends from out of town for this fun day out on the water!
My wife and I had our first trip to Florida scheduled for last March. Due to a family situation we had to cancel our trip. I had bought tickets for our sunset cruise last year as well. These guys actually honored our purchase and let us sail with them last night. My wife and I had a blast! The crew was great, the music was great! It was all in all a great experience! My wife and I also were hit with a rogue wave and my wife got a new outfit out of the ordeal. She scored! We've never been to Miami and this was the first event on our visit and quite a memorable experience! Call these guys today and schedule your evening on the water!
I'm surprised we got to sail - we set out on a Wednesday mid-September with only 13 people on board and had the time of our lives!!! The captain was fantastic (as usual) - I've sailed with him before and he's super funny yet still professional.  The sail was smooth and fantastic.  Those assistants running around tending to your every need including complimentary waters and sodas was beyond fabulous.  I honestly could not have been more happy or satisfied, especially because seeing we had coupons and they went overboard to accommodate them!!! Whenever I have friends or relatives come into town I MAKE SURE - they always do a day with these guys.  This was our third trip out and it was reliably FANTASTIC!!!! Thanks guys - you certainly have earned and deserve your 5 star rating :)
Stellar time out on the water with these guys! Plenty of cruisers and pontoon boats to choose from, but these dudes really turn you on to a fun time! Despite the loud music (I may just be a bit crotchety when it comes to loud mainstream music) and the cloudy-ish day, we still had a blasty blast. The entire boat is decked out with fun items. Paddleboards, kayaks, masks and snorkels, and even a giant blow-up trampoline. The boat is also chalk full of coolers of beer, wine and other beverages. The captain and staff not only help you gallivant around the open water, but they also serve as your bartenders. One aspect that was a little unexpected was the tour of all of the luxury homes along the water. We had the chance to see celebrity homes and crazy houses that have been in popular movies. Something that caters to the tourist in all of us. I'd highly recommend these guys to anyone looking to go out on the water!
I came across Tropical Sailing through Groupon and was so impressed by my experience! The staff was super friendly and engaging throughout the cruise, the boat was beautiful and spacious, and the size of the cruise was perfect -- not too many people and not too little. Complimentary soft drinks, snacks, and glass of champagne rounded out a perfect evening. A Miami native, I would recommend this sunset cruise for visitors or locals -- the views of Miami's skyline are amazing and the cruise itself is so relaxing. Two hours is the perfect time to have a wonderful experience. I would definitely encourage anyone to try one of their cruises over other competitors. The crew members are really great and work really hard to make sure everyone has an excellent time.
Christopher Cross was on to something when he sang to me as a wee babe (youtube.com/watch?v=WVno…): Well, it's not far down to paradise, at least it's not for me And if the wind is right you can sail away and find tranquility Oh, the canvas can do miracles, just you wait and see. Believe me. And, then, when I was living the pop life (private planes, front row at the Grammys™, etc.; don't hate), 'NSYNC picked up the baton and harmonized (youtube.com/watch?v=Lqza…): It's not far to never-never land, no reason to pretend And if the wind is right you can find the joy of innocence again Oh, the canvas can do miracles, just you wait and see. Believe me. Believe me, too. I'm not a water sign or, even, that much into the murky blue stuff and I loved my time on/with the Caribbean Spirit. Dudes in charge Brian & Diego created a fun, relaxing and adventurous afternoon for my colleagues and myself. I mean, how can you not have a good time when you combine the open air, good music, good people, paddleboards, kayaks, noshes and... beverages (provided by the crew and brought by us), luxury homes, water trampolines, and a sort-of-private island? The answer: impossible. I jumped in the water. I swam in the water. I pushed folks into the water. I laid out. I luxuriated. I indulged in delicious beverages. I ohhed and ahhed over which Star Island home I would squat in first. Plus, the art of the selfie can't get higher elevated than to have water and skyline in the picture. Your duck lips will have an appropriate home and people will be jealous. Check and check. If you haven't spent a day treating yourself (what's one more? youtube.com/watch?v=-K4i…), you need to correct that now. Yes, now.
We took the jet ski and water sports adventure and we had an absolute blast! The guides were super cool and funny and we had a lively group which made the time pass by way too fast. This was definitely one of the highlights of our trip.
Highly Highly recommend!! me and my husband had a blast! they take you to monument island which is a cute little island about 15-20 min from the dock.  Its about a $15-20 cab ride from south beach but our doormen advised us a bus can take you as well ( this place is close to south beach but across the bridge)
Make sure you change to your swimwear before boarding. You go to a public island called monument island. It is pretty small. You spend two hours there (departed 2:30, 30 min boat ride, leave the island at 5:00) enjoying the island, water, and water activities. The captain and guide was very friendly and they help you out with the kayaks and paddleboards if you have never done it before. Bring cash to buy beer and wine and for tips. There is free water and soft drinks. You leave your personal belongings in the boat.
This is by far a great experience, I live in Miami for the pass 13 years and this is exactly what people want when they come to Miami, the staff was friendly something here in Miami is hard to combine, my girlfriend and I we meet some amazing people, Joe one of the team member (surfer looking) when above and beyond to make us feel like royalty.
Loved this two hour sunset cruise. So romantic and relaxing. The staff were amazing and attentive to our needs. The ship was very clean. The music was great! I would recommend this to anyone and I live in Miami
We had a great afternoon with Captain Gabriel and First Mate Joe! No one else showed up, so the Mr. and I had a 78' catamaran to ourselves! Snorkeling off of Miami Beach isn't that exciting, but they have a huge water mat and a blow up trampoline, so we enjoyed a few hours in the water nonetheless. Beer and wine are available for purchase ($3) and are ICE COLD! The perfect way to end a lovely afternoon on the water.
I loved this charter I felt great and best of all, all my friends loved it. The crew was nice, the boat is clean. It was just the right amount of time 4 hours.
My boyfriend and I went on the Snorkel and Sailing trip this past Saturday and found the experience to be wonderful! As a native of Miami, very rarely is customer service paramount. However, Tropical Sailing was a superb example of how a business should be managed. I was greatly pleased with the customer service, professionalism and dedication to safety. I will highly recommend Tropical Sailing to anyone!
Joe, Guillermo, and the captain Adam were extremely nice and remained attentive to everyone's needs to ensure everybody had a great time. The boat was beautiful and not crowded which was nice. The views were outstanding.
we loved our little sailing seesion.the boat was beautiful and the team and captain were just so so nice:)my familly and i had the best time:)
