Fantastic fun place for kids, teens and adults!  Had my son's 8th b-day party here and we had around 30 guests.  The staff was excellent in helping us set-up and were very organized with the overall party schedule.   We ordered sandwich wraps and nuggets from them, all very good and healthy! The Laser Tag:  the guns are great excellent, not too heavy, two shooting modes (phaser and blast), the vest is light and easy to wear, instructions are clear and easy to follow.  They allow up to 20 people at a time, divided in two groups.   The place is not too large, which makes it for a lot of encounters and fun battles. They also have a variety of token games, which are great for in between laser tag sessions. Overall, great value for the money!  I love the fact that their party packages are very flexible. Thank you for a great time!
My son was invited to a birthday party here by a classmate. We were excited to learn of a cool place where we live and not have to travel outside of Doral. Unfortunately, this is a pure waste of time and money!!!! If it wasn't for the party, I would have left already but I'm stuck pretending I'm having a good time. Here's the ugly truth....... 1. Parking and location is horrible 2. Service is a joke and I'm being nice about it. 3. Food options..... Barely a menu. Don't come hungry to this place. 4. Arcade is non-existent and half of them are turned off or not working. 5. No security in place for young children. Anyone can walk in and out with your kid. 6. Service is atrocious so it's listed twice. No one at the counter and when there is someone there they don't even help you. Definitely off my list of places to take my kids to in Doral.
They were good! The kids enjoyed it, its more for them then adults I think but the staff was really kind and the kids looked like they were having a great time.
Amazing place!!! Went with 4 friends and we had a blast!!! Played 2 games, a total of $13/person! Such a workout and a blast!!! Can't wait to go again!!!
Let me tell you, I feel I'm pretty old to play laser tag, but my co-workers and I bought a Groupon to come here, and we had a blast! I can imagine that kids have an amazing time here. They blast techno music and have traps and stations that give you rapid fire, etc. Overall a great experience!
I was planning in going there for the 2nd time, since I purchased a Groupon. I called to make the reservation (per instructions on Groupon voucher) when I was told that my Groupon had expired. I told the lady who answered that the expiration date was May 3, pretty much 2 weeks from now, and she told me that they would not honor it because they had problems with Groupon. She was very rude and condescending. When I told her that I would be calling Groupon to complain she hung up on me. It's really sad because we all had a great time last time we went. I will not be going there again since they can not honor what they promise. They are just a rude and deceitful establishment. Won't surprise me if they go out of business. They were pretty empty the time I did go.
Good times not to big which is a good thing!!! Was not too full will be coming back!!!
Horrible customer service! They gave away two different party times I had reserved. I would be told I had the time slot, tried to put down deposit twice, was told they would call me back the next day to complete reservation. Days later got a call back  and was told my time slot wasn't available anymore. Manager wouldn't even come to the phone. Don't understand how they run a business this way.
