The view at the back of this park along the bay is like something from a movie.  Well, it was in a movie perhaps, because I know Red Fish was featured in "What about Mary".  At any rate, I love to walk their walking path after eating at Red Fish or just walk their path period.  I have yet to explore the whole park.  However, they have some lovely old coral building plus a somewhat enclosed swimming area fed by the bay.  There is also a great view of the city of Miami across the bay from the parking lot area.
The perfect place to spend  a lazy afternoon! You just perfect for the little because they can just wade in the shallow water. There are lifeguards on duty which provide the extra layer of safety.  For the older kids, they can hang out and fish on the out skirts of the lagoon. Paddle boarding, biking, and kayaking are also available for the adventurous ones.
Gorgeous spot for a shady hammock hike! I've been told about Matheson Hammock for quite some time, and even though it's right next to Fairchild, I've never actually stopped by until this past weekend. A friend suggested that we take our dogs on the trails and I was quite surprised to find such a nice expanse of trails, shady hammocks and open field - all in one spot!!   Now, I know that I just scratched the surface of this park and I can't wait to go back!
We did a wedding there and it was absolutely perfect- the day, the sun, the ambiance was simply beautiful. Parking is about $5.00 and there is so much to do. One of the cons is that during our high tide- the area can really experience the high tide and can be a bit daunting. Beautiful place to have the small ocean pool as a background to your wedding!
Really neat place! Perfect for a relaxing day at the beach! Great for families with kids: small enough to keep an eye on the kiddos and separate from the ocean with a lifeguard on duty. Bathrooms/showers/changing rooms very close. The water is salt water but kind of murky. If you want super blue "clean" looking water then you'll want more of an open beach.
Dear Matheson Hammock Park, What an amazing park you are!  We had the most wonderful afternoon here last weekend, enjoying a lovely 2 hour bike ride through the ins and outs of your entire park. Starting off on the bike trail at the beginning, we made our way all around the park, the beach, and over to the marina.  The views are just spectacular and I found myself stopping often to take pictures.  The view of Downtown Miami is just breathtaking, as are all of the multi-million dollar homes. Making our way back the beginning of the trail, and not being ready to leave, we decided to start taking all of the side streets that we saw, which proved to be tons of fun.  We found that you have a creek where people can kayak and fish.  Then we rode our bikes over the bridge and to the other side of the marina, where there were tons of families enjoying there day.  Lastly we made our way down to the end of the main road, which led us to a slew of private little beaches.  Just gorgeous.   I am definitely looking forward to spending a lot more time here this summer.  We may even go for a late afternoon bike ride later today! See you very soon. All the best, SabrinaAnna*
Even though when many people think of this place, they think of the little beach, there is so much more to it. The actual park surrounding it is absolutely breath taking. I have officially found my new picnic spot. One thing you have to know is that this place is huge! When you first come in, to your right hand side (before you pass the visitor booth where you pay) is the cutest little area with the cutest little shelter (the nicest I've seen in Miami) a great walking trail, a lake, restrooms and beautiful oak and palm trees. You can go to it without paying the 6 bucks to get into the rest of the park (where the beach and Red Fish Grill is) even though 6 bucks is a good deal. There is a little man made beach in front of the actual bay which has a breath taking view of the Miami skyline. At night, this view is perfect. The little beach itself is nothing out of this world,  little dingy if you ask me. But the water looks pretty clean since I think it comes in fresh from the bay and there are plenty of picnic tables and sand to lay out on, it's a very small area so it's great to take kids in order to keep an eye on them, I'd definitely prefer Miami beach though. Red Fish grill is also literally right next to it, and the place is amazing, only open for dinner I believe, but it's a beautiful place with a great view and awesome food.
I love finding out of the way and secluded spots like this park where one can get away from the "hustle and bustle" of the city and get out and enjoy nature. A few of us went on a bike trek through this park on a recent Saturday.  I don't know if I'd have given Matheson Hammock as many stars if I'd come here for a day at the beach, as the line of cars to get in was moving at a crawl and was nearly 1/2 mile long, there was a lot of traffic once inside the park and the water at the beach didn't appear to be terribly clean. The beach area isn't very large, and the water in the swimming area is encircled by a bike/jogging path.  There are a few pipes that run under the path which supposedly allow water to flow freely to and from the bay, but after seeing it up close, I don't think I'll be swimming here anytime soon.   That being said, for a place to simply bike or jog through to get away from the city for an afternoon and enjoy nature and possibly to picnic or launch a boat, this place is perfect.  There are a few areas to explore in addition to the beach, such as the marina and boat launches, and a few paved but more out of the way fishing and kayaking areas. Other accommodations include paraboarding and kayak rentals, boating lessons, a walk up food counter near the beach, and plenty of benches and picnic tables to sit and just check out what's going on around you, or to have lunch in some beautiful surroundings.   When you first enter this park, prior to going through the guard station and paying the parking fee, you can park in a small lot to the left, and to the right you'll find a small lake, a few picnic shelters, and a wide open space for playing sports, etc..  This is also where the head of a paved trail begins that takes you back through a wooded area where you'll find lots of informative signage about the history of this park, how the ecosystem works, and what types of birds and wildlife can be found here (a few of the signs are badly weathered and should be replaced, however).  If you follow this path to Old Cutler Rd, you can cross over where you'll find the entrance to yet another unpaved nature trail on the other side of Old Cutler.
I grew up going to this park. Mom and tias packing up all the kids with enough food to feed a small army of loud children. That was back in the days of station wagons and Saturday morning cartoons. We'd always drive down Sunset passing the Bakery Center (Sunset Place's predecessor) and Whip n Dip Ice Cream Shop which turned 23 this summer. I loved the man made pool, for a little kid it was the perfect transition from a pool to a real beach. It was also cool to watch the wind surfers in the distance and try to make out the faraway skyline of downtown Miami. Unbeknown to me was that this park is also home to a great restaurant The Red Fish Grill. As I grew up I went to nature clean ups here and used their marina and dock. Matheson Hammock is located along Old Cutler which is the best road for a lush, scenic drive in Miami and it's close to Fairchild Tropical Gardens so a day with the kids is easily doable.
A good friend brought me here last weekend after extolling the virtues of its wide open spaces for my canine companions. We arrived, and after a 10 minute trek through the woods (more wilderness than I'm used to), we entered a ginormous clearing, perfect for my babies to run their little hearts out. And run they did. In some spots, the grass was almost taller than my little Luigi. He ran, he skipped, he smiled. And Bailey, my big boy, was ecstatic. I swear he sniffed every blade of grass on site. We sat by a little pond and let the dogs splash around. It was a lovely afternoon, and I swear, one of the best days of my dogs' lives. I will most definitely be back regularly - both for their sakes, and mine.
There is nothing I love more than to lay down and feel the sand between my toes. I also love tranquility. Unfortunately, you won't really find that (tranquility) in Miami's most famous beaches. Cue in my amazing boyfriend Nate M., a Miami native. Coming from New York, and despite living in this beautiful city for 8 years now, I still don't know many of the great hidden gems that natives know all about. I came to find out that Matheson Hammock Park is one of those. I had never even heard of it, if you can even believe that. Nate could not believe it and said we had to go immediately. I was taken aback at how beautiful this place was. It's like a little piece of quiet heaven in Miami. The park is great for picnics, bike rides, jogging, and oh, bring your Santana champ, your swim trunks and your flippy-floppies because you can bring your boat (trick)! We headed straight to the beach area and I staked a claim under a palm tree. We spent 3 hours soaking in the sun, watching the children play in the water and commenting at how beautiful the water looked. Although more and more people showed up as the hours passed by, it was still tranquil enough that I enjoyed every minute of it. We felt like two of the luckiest people on earth. Those are the feelings that Matheson Hammock brings out.   So, if you're over crowded South Beach but want to hit up the beach, I definitely suggest Matheson Hammock. And, hey, maybe I will see you there, since I fully plan on spending many weekends digging my toes into the sand.
Great place for a good long walk.  After a rainstorm the paths can get flooded.  This is a very pretty park with great places to have a nice picnic.  I especially like this park  on a cloudy day.   Biking is not all that great here since the paths are too narrow and the road in the park has too many cars coming and going for it to be a safe ride especially  with kids.  Much better a walking park.
After reading the reviews I'm inclined to think that I visited the park on an off day as the whole place smelled like sewage. Yes, it was pretty out by the pool and has a lovely view of the Miami skyline. The kite boarding was neat to watch. But when we tried to walk down a lovely wooded trail we were overwhelmed by the stink of sewage/ rotting muck. The path was also thick with mud and littered with garbage that had washed up from the ocean. It was pretty grody. It really bothers me how people have such a disregard for the natural beauty of their surroundings. I can't believe that people don't pick up after themselves after a day at the beach etc... I can see how the pool would be nice if you had kids, but I don't think I'll be returning to this park.
I had already walked over 1.5 miles from the bus stop (#57) on my way to Fairchild, when I was lured into this park from a description of an atoll pool and real mangrove forests on the trails.   The atoll pool turned out to be man-made but, it's an awesome place for kids to learn to swim, as it's sheltered but still real salt water and is the only beach with a lifeguard.  The beach and pool are beautiful and apparently the area is particularly good for kite-boarding, which is fun to watch even if you don't partake. I was also counting on being able to eat but the cafe here was NOT open and I saw no signs for it, though I saw a truck with produce unloading!  I was here between 11:30 and 1 pm on a Tuesday! I saw a number of racoons in the mangrove trail area and it was partially flooded so I kept getting forced back to the road.  This was the trail/road which gave me an additional two miles to my walk (out and back)! However, as I was leaving I discovered a cool hammock forest trail with wonderful signage. At first it looked like it was too long (I was tired and hungry... and knew I still had lots of walking ahead of me) but as I went a bit further I discovered it wasn't that long and most of the legible signs were further back in the shaded area, as the signs in sunnier spots were completely faded out. :( Then, it was back on my way to the botanical garden!  One more tip:  for those going to the gardens, you don't need to go back to the main road into the park and then walk back along Old Cutler Rd. (as I'd been told by a park employee).  That same path that leads to the northwest of the road into the Hammock Trail actually leads into Fairchild.
Reasons to come to this park: 1) Great spot for a picnic, lots of beautiful views of the bay and plenty of picnic tables.....to graffiti on....bring a sharpie :P 2) There's a man-made beach, segregated from the rest of the ocean with a large wall made, most likely, out of lime stone. Therefore, you can swim freely without being attached by a lime shark. 3) Lots of places to fish as well, although, all I've ever caught here is puffer fish. 4) They have a really nice bike trail, not very long, BUT you do ride under a canopy of mangroves, which I find really charming. 5) Sometimes, you'll find a dead vulture....or sting ray...and for some reason I think it's kind of cool to get super close to an animal that otherwise, you'd be incredibly scared to get within arm's reach. 6) Complete nostalgia spot for any kid who grew up in South Miami I believe it's $6 to get in (by car) nowadays but if you come in on a bike, it's free. Also, they have a marina, so if you're fancy enough to have a boat, you can do that fancy boating stuff here as well.
Dont be fooled!! Finding this place you must drive through a long raod of mangroves and seems like a road to no-where!!! Dont be fooled you've reach Matheson Hammock Park!! I grew up coming to this park Its one of miami's gems. Upsides great for biking, dining out at red fish grill or go swimming with your friends and family! You can watch the kite boarders surf across the bay.. its def a sight to see! Its gorgeous in evening and great walking path viewing the bay. Many people dont know about this park becasue it's hidden but so beautiful!!! Great for new families and its just a relaxing breath of fresh air everytime I com here! You can see Vizcaya and all the large houses from the distance. Great to bring children for a day. Also good for photographers :) I suggest you bring a blanket some snacks and just chill out and watch the sunset!
Matheson Hammock Park is one of those secluded gems and secret hideouts of Miami. Matheson is a wonderful park to have a quiet BBQ amongst friends. The BBQ areas are well spaced, so parties do not have to worry about other parties being too loud. After wrapping up the eating portion, a great way to burn off those calories is to walk along the nature walk to the bay. It is a little marshy so make sure to where closed toe shoes. It is scenic and shaded with views of lakes, oceans, and marshes, so it makes for a very nice stroll. At the end of the walk, you will get to see magnificent vies of the bay and downtown Miami. Also, there is a pool there, but I would stay clear as it is dominated by little kids. I am sure on the average weekend day hundreds of kids go peepee in there. The combination of shallow water and pee makes it very warm. Come here for a great afternoon with friends or for a stroll with a date and a plus it is right next to Fairchild.
So many good memories here.My family use to come here all the time when I was little to bike ride and just to go to the beach. My high school even had a senior sailing day here. Coming here by myself to just relax from the stressful fast moving life of Miami. We use to eat at the restaurant a couple of times to back in the day. I always come back here when I am in town just to reminisce on the good times.
This park brings me great memories of my first couple of years in Miami - it is an excellent place to bring your small children, the atoll is wonderful and safe place for them to wade in the water and the small cozy beach provides for an excellent place to hang out and chill as a family. Or simply bring a good book and a cooler and get lost any given weekday afternoon- it will be certainly cheaper and far more effective than therapy (no offense Denise). You can also come here and fish off the rocks, or launch your windsurfer or kite off the rocks on the north side of the parking lot. Just another great example of how good we have in paradise !!!
Like many other native Miamians, I've been going to MH my whole life. I've explored just about every square inch over the years, all places accessable and many places that I had to get dirty or wet(or swim to) to get at. The racoons used to be a major problem in the late 80s and early 90s but you hardly see them now. I've rented pacillions, used the boat ramps, swam in the piss pool, biked and picknicked. But my favorite activity is fishing. I've fished everywhere but I prefer under the bridge. You'll never catch many keepers, but you're out of the sun, with a cooler full of beer and you can catch dozens upon dozens of small snappers and pinfish if you want to. It's an outstanding place to take a kid(or anyone)to catch their first fish.
Having my grandma here in Miami for a couple of months, I knew she couldn't head back and out of the country, without visiting Matheson first. This park captivates the beauty of just putting everything aside, no phones, no distractions, to just enjoy the breeze and astounding view. All my grandma was missing was her bikini to tan. Kidding. She went home happy and relaxed. It is such a great spot to go with family and even a photo shoot! An afternoon can easily fly before your eyes. The only thing we left pending was to try Red Fish Grill. They were booked for the day  but I'll update when I do.
This is such a typical Miami treasure.  You have to visit at least once and experience the day just sitting under a palm tree and enjoying the gorgeous Miami weather. Its the perfect place to bring small children to play in the little lagoon, and the smells from the Red Fish grill will keep your mouth watering all afternoon.  Unfortunately Red Fish is only open for dinner. Ok yes, there is a croc warning but having lived here for 12 years I still haven't heard of anyone getting in trouble with one.  Just wanted to let you all know so you don't freak out with the signs.
Matheson Hammock, what memories.  I remembered wading in the lagoon as a child with my sister and visiting the park again as a teen, but I hadn't been back for about 15 years since I usually go to the beach where I live instead.   Although I only remembered the canoe/kayak launching location, which shows the Miami skyline and the wading lagoon, today I discovered a nature walk that loops around by the bay.  It's off the path toward the marina, as it forks.  You will see some mangroves, and as you drive through the canopy, you will suddenly be engulfed by the darkness.  The mangrove forest on each side of the path is very dense, extending for miles.  After driving for a short amount of time, you will exit the canopy, see the sun again, and small waves from the bay crashing on the shore among the openings of the mangrove trees.  The path circles around a grassy area with a grill and benches.  Great place to grill and have a picnic! The marina is your standard boat marina, rather small, not that impressive.  There is a restaurant nearby, the Red Fish Grill, which is highly rated, although not inexpensive, so keep that in mind.  It's more upscale cooking than your typical casual beach joint that serves sandwiches but would be a nice place to bring a date or celebrate a special occasion.   There were some people kayaking (including a Special Olympics team) and fishing, and nice views of the skyline of Miami, Miami Beach, and Key Biscayne were in the background.  I walked around and was sad to see that the children's lagoon was so full of junk.  How can people be so careless with nature and toss trash like that? I saw plastic cups at the bottom of the lagoon bottle caps, wrappers, and other junk, even though there are garbage cans around.  Seeing that makes me think twice about having my child swim in there and the fact that the garbage looks like it has been sitting at the bottom for a while makes me think the maintenance here is not paramount, which is another reason I knocked off a star.  I guess I have also been spoiled by other parks like Biscayne National Park and The Everglades so that although I do find it nice, I'm not in awe of the vistas and wanting to go back every weekend like I do with The Everglades.   I do hope that cleanliness is stepped up here, for the sake of the children, at least...
This is a great place to come with your little one.  My daughter is under 2 years and she loved splashing away in the water.   The beach area needs more sand but all and all a great alternative to driving all the way to the beach.
3.5 stars. This review is for the party shelter in the park.  My sister rented the Pavilion for her son's 1st birthday.  The park is very pretty, and the location of the Pavilion for the party was great.  The ONLY issue I had was that it was raining on the day of the party and there were many leaks in several parts of the shelter.  Even the birthday cake got wet from the leaks and there were several areas where people could not sit or stand because of the water dripping.  If they would fix this issue I would give them 4 stars.
I have been to two weddings in the past few months at this park and both weddings, while completely different, were beautiful and unique in their own way. Some people may think it is an odd location to have a wedding since they only have a small covered area, but they have benches that can be decorated and the entire place could be transformed into a beautiful setting for a special occasion. My only advise is to maybe plan your special event during the "winter" months in Miami. During the months of October-March you have less possibilities of rain ruining your decoration and what us Miamian's call, a breeze, to refresh your afternoon event ;)
Matheson Hammock State Park with its unique salt water lagoon, surrounded by huge sandy beaches and natural mangroves is one of the best kept natural secrets left in the Metro Miami area.  I remember going as a kid and enjoying both the tranquil lagoon and the adjacent beach, where you could walk out to sea for what seemed like miles and never go deeper than waist high!  I recently took my wife to see my childhood beach-romping place, and I was amazed as she.  She loved the natural aspect, and I was amazed at what's been done to improve and clean the area without endangering its natural mystique.  If you really want to see a natural Florida beach at its best, this is a 'do not miss' visit.  Plan a day trip for bathing, boating, swimming and grilling - its just plain great!
Matheson is a beautiful, classic Miami natural beauty.  I just took a little bike ride through here over the weekend and it's always so beautiful.  They have a path off to the left when you are entering.  You can either walk or bike there.  Just be aware, the path can flood when the tide comes in, and the path can become completely covered. The marina is a fun place to look at boats coming in and out.  You can watch people clean the fish they just caught. The swimming hole is a nice place to take a walk around and it's always nice to have a bite at Red Fish Grill which is a lovely restaurant.  Some parts of There's Something About Mary were filmed here.
I had never been here before, which is strange having lived in Miami my whole life... I think maybe once when I was about 2. I recently visited (about 2 weeks ago) with some friends to have some fun in the sun. It was a great place! While i'm not fond of the dirt water (also referred to as the beach), I think it's a nice place to go sit in the sand and tan. We brought our own eats, some cold cuts and chips and had a great party. A nice end to the weekend...
Great park, they also offer military discount! The kids had a great time, the restrooms were clean enough. Overall a nice way to spend the afternoon. Also while we were here kite boarding was offered but it is not included in the admission price.
P.E.R.F.E.C.T. We just spent our first few hours at Matheson Hammock Park this morning. The atoll was just right for my 16 month old to run and splash and face-plant in. We were glad we got there early to snag a shady spot, because as the afternoon approached shade became scarce. We'll bring our pop-up shelter next time, just in case. We didn't take a walk, but the trail we could see from the side of the road looked peaceful and shady, although it was partially underwater like a PP mentioned. Overall, love it. We will be making the trip at least twice a month from now on.
This park is a local treasure, like all parks it has good spots and so so spots, do not necessarily recommend it for boaters, unless its during the week. If you like wading..this is your spot ( the back of the park is ideal for that ( or kayaking ) I highly recommend it for out of towners looking for a good experience in town, the neighborhood is impeccable, your odds of getting mugged or ripped off are non existent. The beach may be disappointing,( water is not appropriate ) however, sunning, and relaxing are just fine.
Wasn't impressed. Great place to launch a boat from. But the Lagoon was nasty and not my first choice for a beach.
I have lived in Miami for four years and just found this place. There is a swimming area fully surrounded by beach in a nice circle. It has at least three different tunnels for water to come through and keep it clean. Great place to swim and bring the family.
One of Miami's greatest parks in my opinion. I have been here in many occasions from boating, picnics, photography, to bike rides Matheson is a great place for all ages and activities. They even have a little beach area for swimming. Last time I was there, I saw pelicans, raccoons, and an iguana. Great picture moment. I highly recommend you visit if you've never been. Just the homes in Coco Plum and the vicinity are gaze worthy. Great place to take an out of towner.
We recently put our boat here in their dry storage. It wasn't easy getting the spot but luckily my father had his name on the list for years and it was our luck I guess. The ramp is kept in great conditions with about 10 spots. The ramps are steep which make it a breeze to ramp our boat. It's a good 15-20 mintues from Nixon Beach and abotu 30-45 from Elliot. All the other people at the ramp are very helpful when it comes to docking the boat. Im a FAN!!!
I really like Matheson Hammock. It was one of the first Miami mangroves I had seen, and I laughed at the sign on the beach advising people CAUTION CROCODILES (do not hurt the crocodiles they are delicate beautiful species) right next to a bunch of little snack-sized kids playing in the water. But what I think is even better is right across Old Cutler Road is this weird and wild nature path. If you have a dog, like me, you will want to know about it, but it is a good place for a dusk walk too. There is a parking area with a blocked off dirt road. Walk down the dirt road through some of that sort of generic florida forest, and you will reach a nice jungly stand of royal palms a field with a house--seems like a weird spot for a house--and some vine covered old stuff. Take a right and there is a paved trail that winds through some nice tall grass with cane and little trails weaving around. Then there is some real jungly looking old oak groves with bromeliads and big big trees with tropical birds in them. At the end is an (alligator free) pond that my dog likes to swim in.  Last time I went there was some dew on the tall grass and when my dog ran through it really fast it looked like there were rainbows coming off of her. I wish I'd had a camera. Anyway, it is a cool stretch of a lot of little ecosystems all in a half-hour walk. I'm not really sure if this is part of Matheson Hammock or not, if there is another name I guess I'd love to know it.
What's not to like here? It is a beautiful park to ride your bike to (get in free), or drive to (pay $5 during the week, $6 on the weekends). Great place to go check out Adventure Sports and rent a paddleboard, kayak, or go kite surfing. Paula is great and super friendly. Also would be a great place to have a picnic, read a book, and just relax. Not pet friendly, so I am bummed about that, but I guess not every place can be.
Friends invited us to spend a beach day w/ them here and so we did.  Bummer you gotta pay 5 bucks to bask in mother nature but whatev.  The last time I took my son to the beach he was hardly old enough to enjoy it so this time he had a blast.  Went on a saturday so naturally tons of families w/ their kids but the crowd was mellow and friendly. Parking was ample.  The beach was nice, a lagoon type of area is where we were.  Very clean.  In fact, I don't remember going to a public beach that clean before!   We enjoyed ourselves so we're looking to come back again next week.
a visit to Matheson Hammock Park is worth the drive down Old Cutler Road alone. the tree lined streets and old-miami-money homes make for a curious drive to the park which is free and open to the public (unless of course you want to rent a pavilion for a party---tons of bounce houses on the weekend---or pay to park at the beach at the coast--about $5). ideal spot for hanging with friends for a bbq. there are fairly clean restrooms trails for hiking and biking shade trees---lots picnic benches and bbq space ponds/lakes wildlife: iguanas, birds, snakes, etc. tons of people to watch beach (or natural atoll pool), marina and a restaurant (the Red Fish) this past winter on sunny weekends i would go to the park with a blanket and a mini keg (you know the mini keg phenomena is amazing) to relax under the trees to people watch. two weekends in a row i witnessed a photographer shooting amusing pictures of women all decked out in little to nothing for what looked like photos you find at the end of the New Times classifieds section "call me and be lonely no more"! hours of park: sunrise to sunset
The closest and most convenient place to get away. If you live in South Miami or Kendall Matheson isn't far. Once you are here you can ride bike in bike trails have a picnic, paddle board, of have dinner at Red fish. Matheson is a great spot to watch the sunrise, hang out and have a little outdoor lunch.
A Hidden Oasis in the heart of the City, need to say more? Sure as hell beats the drive to SoBe & much more private and sophisticated. Off in the distance, you'll see the view of Key Biscayne , Brickell Key, and parts of Greater Miami. After coming here, Oleta doesn't stand a chance next to this place. I prefer it hands down anyday before any other Beach in Miami.
BEST... BEST... BEST beach for kids. I love everything about this place - This will be the only beach I will go to probably for the next ten years. What's so great about it (for kids) is that you have a barrier of protection from the surf - and the water stays shallow for quite a long ways out. You also have a lot of the natural stuff that most Miami beaches are lacking, like fish, crabs, and other fun wildlife for kids. Big Fan Matheson! I can't wait until the kids are old enough to bike ride with them through the park!
Great place for the family. Beautiful protected beach for kids and awesome view of Biscayne and Miami skyline.
Matheson Hammock park is great - you can go to the marina, have a nice meal, hang out on the beach (with all the kids!), take a long walk down the trail through the mangroves, picnic, etc.  Great for bike riding.  Do be careful not to park right in the entrance on the left - that's where the free parking is - they don't patrol it at all and they have "a lot of break ins in this section" according to the security guard after our car was broken into.  According to him, they have a lot of the smash and grab type robberies in this section of the park.  Take precautions!
I love Matheson I have been going to this park since I was baby! Whether the beach or the trails always an adventure! It is a great place in Miami to get out of Miami (if you live inMiami, you know what I mean) but if you are an out of towner a must to visit!
Matheson is a magical place. My home is less than 5 minutes from here so it has been a large part of MANY adventures in my life. I am so thankful for all the beautiful moments I have had at this park. I have unforgettable memories of picnics with loved ones, fishing off the rocks, and even hilarious mishaps on the boat slip. Matheson is a place where you can go and do anything you can dream of... Recently, my dad and I launched our kayak from the kite-surfing beach and sailed across the bay. The setting sun cast hues of gold and orange over the flats and into crystal clear water of Biscayne Bay. I pulled out my mask and dove in. I am so grateful to have Matheson so close to my home b/c I can, at any moment, choose to go to this park and have a truly awesome experience. My favorite part of Matheson Hammock Park is that there are a few mystical spots where you can actually watch the sun set (which is tough to do on the east coast from land). I always say that if you make it a point to sit down and enjoy a sunset every once in while you'll add years to your life - If that's true then I might live 'til I'm 200.
Great place with a great ambiance. I took my wife (then girlfriend) for the first time a few years back as she had never even heard of this place. Immediately, she fell in love with the views this park offers. We go back every chance we get which is usually every month or two at the most. Proposed to my wife here. Great place to just relax and unwind.
A place laced with memories and soft white-ish sand.. And even a small swimming area that's also caged off from sharks... I'm in. Oh sorry about the shark thing. But anyways a great park/beach that's been part of my life since I was born. Wonderful place.
I am not sure why I have never reviewed this park as I have been going here my whole life and I live a half mile away. This is where I first took swimming lessons in the saltwater lagoon. I have never forgiven my mother for that. The beach is ok, and it is nice to look out at the kite surfers on a windy day. Redfish grill is also great. The boat ramp can get quite crowded on the weekends  so go early. Adam O. is right ,one of my favorite parts of the park is the part on the west side of Old Cutler Road where few people ever go. Go back there and you might think you are a hundred miles away from civilization.
This is a great park when you're looking to spend some time with your family without the annoying parking at the beach. Also has a great park for picnics. Love this park.
How amazing is this place!!!  the atoll is great for kids.  you can bike, walk, swim, picnic and in the summer eat at the grill.  It is definitely a place for my friends when they come to town.  the mangroves, the views, the beach.  it is awesome miami
Wut i meant to review was the pools of hammocks : ).. since i don't own my own pool i like to SNEAK IN TO THE open pools in Hammocks parks... in addition,shooo there's no security guard watchin u ...oppsie : )... i've snuck into a few myselp do i enjoy ....yes : ) fun n awesome way to go swimming without havin 2 drive all the way 2 the beach .. guess wut???...the pools in the hammocks r actually very large..n  usually very empty shus.. don't tell anyone but it's totallt fun.. try that some time smooches...paula R
Awesome place to kitesurf
The drive to the park was amazing in itself. The pool was interesting. Alot of kids. The windsurfers made the view picturesque.
Great Park for boating, eating, or hiking! I visit this park probably twice a month.
When I used to skip high school in Miami this was one of my top two destinations next to the science museum.  This is the best place ever to sit under a tree and write poetry or read or just loiter... and it's FREE as long as you don't drive all the way in just to park at the beach.  I rarely even made it down to the beach part and just enjoyed the gardens and the mangroves.  The ten mile stretch of Old Cutler road this park sits on is the nicest road in Miami to just drive, bike, or run.  Possibly one of the most peaceful and relaxed places in a city overdosing on steroids, testosterone, guns and cocaine.
After eating dinner and realizing we had a little over two hours to kill before we had a play, I found this place by opening Google Maps! What a treat. This place has a lot to offer, scenery, a marina, fishing, recreation areas, and a beach. It's huge. The views are spectaular. One of the most breath taking places I've ever been. If you get a chance to check it out, do! Pack a picnic or snack and enjoy!
On the weekdays, you'll think you've discovered Miami's best kept secret. On the weekends, you may be wondering why you ever came. This place is great on a quiet day when you happen to have a day off, but the rest of the world doesn't. Weekends, holidays... this place is kind of a mess. The pros: incredible views, good amount of parking, shallow water you can wade into without waves, quiet place to read on the weekdays The cons: limited beach space (I've ended up on the grass on busy days), shallow water without waves (sometimes you want them!), public bathrooms that appear to have been forgotten about, an odd smell of dead fish more often than I'd like to admit, & more children than I realized lived in all of Miami-Dade Co. on busy days This is a great place for kids but at this point in my life, hearing them scream on the beach isn't my idea of relaxing. If you're like me, my advice is to head here during the week and avoid it on the weekends... and make sure to go to the bathroom before you leave home.
I got married at Matheson Hammock Park so the place obviously holds a special place in my heart. Since I've gotten a few messages from people interested in getting married there too, I figured I'd update my review with my tips for planning a Matheson wedding. First off, I rented the stone pavilion for my wedding near the entrance of the park and it was absolutely gorgeous. The park is a beautiful setting that needs minimal decoration to enhance the beauty. Plus its super affordable to rent! Tips for hosting wedding (or event!) 1. Rent early as spots fill up quickly 2. It will be windy plan to have heavy center pieces to hold down tablecloths 3. Plan on a battery operated sound system as there are only a few outlets and cords are a hassle 4. Plan for rain, sun, bugs and the cold ( I didn't expect cool weather in April!) 5. Create signs so guests know exactly where to go in the park 6. Use the list of approved vendors offered by the park ( we used Harveys BBQ for catering and it was awesome! ) 7. Avoid glass ( its against the rules plus see 2 about the wind) 8. Don't worry too much about the long set of rules of rental, they're pretty relaxed at the park as long as you're being respectful 9. Have fun!
Come if you have kids or want to hear loud screaming kids. The views are very scenic but to relax, not a place I recommend. Lots of red ants on the sand. The beach is man made but the water is nothing like the beautiful Florida waters. If bringing a date, pack a lunch and sit by the ocean. Panoramic views of the city @ ocean Free parking after 4pm
I love this " man made " beach .   If you have children , that is the beach that you are looking for ( no waves ). If you want to go alone and just relaxe , that is the place Always a lot of breeze . Also good for a picnic . "it features a manmade atoll pool flushed naturally by the tide, a beach, marina and boat launch. A prime spot for kiteboarding, you can also rent kayaks and standup paddleboards from the park's concessions."
No idea how people can be raving about this place. Must have been the grossest experience in Miami - from the changing rooms with a profound smell of urine to the "pool," which in real life is just extremely dirty stale water. I am pretty sure it's not sanitary either with everybody peeing inside. No idea how people could spend time in it. I had to rush my daughter right out of it as soon as I entered to get her. We live in Miami, people. So many gorgeous beaches. Don't go here.
Went here for the beach. Entered at 5.30. Paid $6 (for weekend price). Parking attendant let us in without telling us that the beach is closed at 6pm. Yes, we went on the beach, didn't have a chance to put our towels down and the lifeguard blew whistles saying the beach is closing. Drove out. But of course that parking attendant wasn't there anymore. On the gate it says OPEN SUNRISE TO SUNSET. Sunset isn't until at least 7pm okay. It's july, people. Other than that, the mangroves are cool though. I'll give it another chance next time.
If you're looking for a place to sit down and enjoy nature with a Corona or some wine in hand, this is definitely the place to go. I had been to the marina a long time ago since back then I had a boat but ever did I notice this wonderful quaint beach. Awesome for kids to have fun while being safely supervised by a lifeguard. Parents can just relax and unwind. Kayaking, windsurfing, fishing and more. It's awesome, my 7 year old and I really enjoyed it.
Enjoy taking my son here. Close by parking, shallow waters and hasn't been overly crowded the times we've gone. Nice scenery for taking photos. We've been here a couple of times and love it enough to keep coming back. Weekdays are pure bliss. Barely anybody. So much tranquility and peace.
This a great park with several ameneties. I am a avid fisherman and the boat ramp and marina is top notch and is well maintained. The beaches are a nice attraction but my favorite is the red fish grill that has the best view in miami. Great park for the entire family.
If you have young children you'll especially love the beach at Matheson Hammock.  Its cut off from the ocean waves and the lagoon provides still, warm water to wade into and play in.  There is a nice sized beach with a few palm trees for shade and lounging.  Even without children this would be a nice beach to go and relax in for a few hours. For the adventurous there were options for kite boarding or paddle boarding nearby, along with a marina for boating.  Six dollars for parking and your day is set.  Much recommended!
We love this park. I have been visiting for many years and never get tired of coming here. There's so much to do: walk, run, bike ride, kayak, kite surf, wind surf, or even relax on the beach/pond. The marina/boat ramp is great if you own a boat. It's very accessible and easy to put your vessel down. My favorite activities to do are: kayak, bike ride, and walk. You can launch from the parking lot across Red Fish Grill (a family favorite!). Take a stroll by the different canals to enjoy the houses and gorgeous views of downtown Miami, Miami Beach, and Key Biscayne. If you don't own a kayak, you can rent one (or many) from Adventure Sports. Their rates are competitive and they are really professional. happy adventurin'
