Sent my wife there for the first time to get a 90 min massage and a haircut/style Thank god our dinner at City Hall was nice.
I, too, read about Emena in Daily Candy and figured I'd give them a try. So, I go there and was super impressed. It's a very easy place to adore, as the owner is extremely personable, as is the staff. I received a wonderful facial and a pedicure and I think I may have fallen in love. The smart peel is the smartest thing ever made. My sister accompanied me and she couldn't stop talking about the wonderful service all day today. If you're truly  interested in making sure your face is taken care of, in a hygenic and oganic way ---- this is the PLACE!!
Loved the place from head to toe! From the gentleman on the entrance to my hairstylist the whole experience was wonderful, my blow dry was amazing, the staff is polite, friendly and very welcoming. I love the idea of the two treatments for $149 a month, great marketing strategy. It is right behind the shops which is super, you can shop, get pampered and even enjoy a glass of wine there. I think by far is one of the best places in Midtown for beauty services.  Everything is immaculate and they place great emphasis on keeping everything super clean. I plan on visiting again soon.
I've had microderm abrasion & laser hair removal here so far.   The place is tucked away on the top floor of a design district building - inside its very loft-style white and clean with new agey music piping throughout.   The second time I went, they were running late and I had to wait 40 minutes.  They did offer me fruit and a drink while I waited.  Prices seem mostly reasonable and while I don't really see any difference in my (thirtysomething) skin from the microderm at all, I notice huge improvement from the laser hair removal.  I got a special on groupon for $99 to not shave my lower legs again (so basically they work for tips on these services).  They use all-vegan-organic products which is a huge plus in my book!
The best spa in Miami!
my poor feet  were desperately yelping for help!  i searched for a nearby pedicure, found emena spa and figured i will give them a try. and  i am glad i did!!! rick said he was known as the foot master... he is not a master, he is the foot god in my book!!! the foot massage he gave me  sent me straight to heaven. that was by far the best pedicure i have had in my life!! seriously. 10 days later  i am  still cuticle free and my feet are still soft as a baby bottom. if you go, make sure you ask for a reflexology pedicure, and although the price is on a steep side ($70), it is worth every penny! thank you, rick!!
Hello my name is Alexis and I'm a procrastinator. I called the spa on a Friday night for an emergency mani/pedi for a Saturday day wedding and not only did they squeeze me in but they opened early so I can make it to the church on time. The spa is so relaxing, has great music and very talented staff. See Rick for the best pedicure ever and since I was in a rush I got the "short version". Cant wait for the full treatment.
I've rendered several different types of services since their opening and honestly always left satisfied. The staff is friendly, the facility is clean and kept up and the quality of products and services is up to my high standards. My last visit was for their incredibly low $99/ -6 sessions hair removal promotion. I went a month ago and my legs have yet to grow back.  Quality laser get you real results ( had been doing over two year elsewhere).  I will certainly stay with emena now.  Their continued treatments and special packages are the most economical I've seen.  I also highly recommend Power Plates; did for only 2 months and I was in one of my best shapes ever! Tight, Toned, and Healthy. Tip: Stay on top of their constant promotions, incredible deals not worth missing.  Emena has a loyal costumer in me.
So I bought a groupon coupon off a friend for laser hair removal about a year ago.. Instantly feel in love as soon as I started seeing the effect on my hair (lower legs) from the very 1st session!  that I ended up taking advantage of their half off promotion (they do that every now & again if you're on their mailing list). I ended up getting my upper leg/thigh area, full brazilian & bought a manzilian for my bf, each area priced at $150 per session. After thorough price research, I found this to be quite a steal. The venue has a relaxing energy about it  and I am also very impressed by their professionalism. They refuse to treat you if you had any sun exposure within 2-3 weeks. Something I definitely appreciated as I did not want any dark spots on my body. The 1 hour drive every few months is well worth it, especially if you can turn it into a Miami day, enjoying the lovely restaurants/bars in the neighborhood. I highly reccomend this place! As for people that are upset about their inflexibility with appointments and tardiness, they have tonssss of customers now as a result of Groupon. This is the price of going to a very successful establishment that you can trust your body with :0)
With their new location, we were pretty lost. The spa is on the 3rd floor of a building with not much marketing or advertising on the outside of it. The staff was nice. I didn't enjoy the massage because the room was pretty small and the massage therapist looked like she had a hard time moving around. There was also a huge fan on the floor that had fell over during my massage. I felt the massage was rushed and at first the lady was a bit chatty until she probably got the hint that I just wanted to relax. I do like the interior design and decor. Room was just small.
So I purchased a Groupon offer for laser hair removal... Let me say, as far as the laser treatment is concerned, it was short and painful! But it was my first time, so now I know what to expect. It feels like a sting or a pinch and you can sort of smell the singed hair/skin. Which is a little disturbing. Since the treatment a few days ago- my skin is a little red and bumpy in spots, but overall it's smooth. I have darker shin and coarse hair, so we'll see how things go and if I need to get additional treatments past the recommended six. As far as the spa itself, everybody was very friendly and discreet. The esthetician, Coreen, who did my laser treatment was very nice and she made an embarrassing situation much better. The price for laser treatment was reduced 50%, so I added a few other areas for a locked-in price. They seem to offer a lot of deals and discounts, so I think in addition to my next laser treatment I'll get that 60 minute pedi... I saw someone getting one while I was there and I think she was drooling!
I had a misunderstanding with prices and services but able to work things out, at least satisfactory after all. The staff is nice and atmosphere calm.
I have no complaints at all about Emena spa.  I've had laser hair removal, the reflexology pedicure, micro derm, threading and a blueberry peel here and have been beyond satisfied with all the treatments.  They are almost always running promotions and the prices are definitely reasonable.  They spa itself is immaculate and nicely set up.  The service has been outstanding each time I have gone and I love that I can book and pay for treatments online.
I bought three GroupOns for Emena - two for laser hair removal, and one for a facial and microderm abrasion.  I returned to Emena only once without having purchased a GroupOn, and it was for the facial and microderm.  I can see the points of view of all of the previous comments, since I have been to this spa over a dozen times.   On the plus side, the spa is very clean and modern.  There are a variety of spa services.  The laser hair removal really works.  They know what settings to set and don't cheat you by putting the setting to low.  I could not be any happier with the hairless-ness of my lower legs and gone are the sideburns that my Southern Italian heritage gave me.  I think the quality of the facial and microderm abrasion was pretty good - so good that I returned.  But if found those prices too high considering I could find similar quality outside of trendy MidTown for a much more comfortable price.   On the meh side, the customer service is just okay.  There seems to have been a lot of turnover in the year that I've gone to them.  The receptionists have tended to be a bit too young/a bit too into themselves to be the smiling chipper welcome you would expect at a place like this.  The owner, Kristen, of course is awesome to deal with, but she has a lot more invested in Emena than what I would think the others would have.  There is a policy to tip the specialists who perform the laser hair removal, which I find odd especially considering that all of the specialists that I met at Emena were either nurses for had been through PA school.  I would hope that these women are paid enough to not have to depend on tips.  Only my very first experience with laser hair removal was super negative.  I did my lower leg, and found it extremely painful.  Even after crying out in pain and asking her to stop, she kept rushing through the process.  I was scared to go back, but I did.  The next woman was great.  She would apply pressure with her hand over an area right after lasering it, she also carried on a conversation with me the entire time, quite obviously with the goal of taking my mind of the pain.  And it worked.  The third woman that did my lasering was pretty low energy, but professional and caused little pain (thank God).  Though, I had to make sure that she lasered my side burns evenly, one time I walked out with one shorter than the other.  I brought that to her attention, and she fixed it afterward.  I just wonder why there is so much turn over in the staff....   As for the parking, it's okay.  I guess it's what you're used to.  There isn't tons of parking, its metered on the street, and sometimes you'll have to walk a few blocks.
I have gone to so many other places, mostly on the beach and I have to say this is the best one I have been to!!!  I saw their brochure at The Daily, and I gave it a shot just like the rest of the places I have been to. I love the location, the interior design, and love how tranquil and quiet it is!  I have had massages, waxing, manicures and pedicures done here.  Christina is super sweet, nice and is very friendly.  The staff is very nice, fun and professional.  The best thing I like is that it doesn't cost an arm and a leg to get pampered like many of the spas in Miami.  Not only that, you get emails on what deals/specials they are offering too!
I fly into town just to get my hair done by Carla! She's absolutely Amazing...I won't let anyone else cut, color, or even touch my hair. I had a bad experience with a previous hairdresser who gave me a horrible color that was brassy.... a good friend of mine strongly recommended me to go to Carla. I love my friend's hair color so I decided to give it a try. She color-corrected my hair and took out all of the brassiness and to top it off she gave me a blowdry that lasted me a whole week. I have very curly, frizzy hair and for someone to blowdry my hair and it last me a week is a huge deal!!!!!  I'm so glad my friend recommended me to her because I will never leave  her!  I've also gotten mani's and pedi's from Marie...I love the fact that she takes her time and doesnt rush anything! The mani and pedi are each an hour so if you want to get a relaxing mani/pedi Marie is your girl! Amazing decor and ambiance overall at Emena Spa!
This place is GREAT. prices are reasonable and the staff is SOOOO NICEEEEEEE!!!!!!  I would go back for SURE.  they also use all vegan products which is a nice aspect.  Only downers..  limited color selection. I like bright blue, they didnt have any of that.  they have plenty, just more "normal" colors.  Just bring your own if you care that much about something specific in that regard.  I got a pedi only but I'm sure their other services are also great. Ill be back!
I am a lucky girl ! I received a Groupon for a 90 min Reflexology Pedicure at Emena Spa. It was the greatest thing ever ! Rick was my nail Tech who calls himself the"foot master". Ladies if you love a great Foot Massage and like to get your feet pampered I recommend you book an appt. here. Everyone there was Professional and very accommodating. My feet feel so soft and look amazing ! Can't wait to try other Treatments !
Painless and enjoyable microdermabrasion facial with Vanessa today.  I relaxed.  She extracted.  Perfect!
I, too, purchased a laser treatment deal through Groupon, and after reading other reviews, I must say that I'm surprised by all the negative posts. Although it was several months before they were able to get me in for my first treatment, I have not experienced long wait times (although I must admit that I have a very flexible schedule and am able to make my appointments in the middle of day on weekdays) and I've found the employees to be friendly and responsive. Plus, the facilities are clean and  convenient. Before the days of laser treatments on Groupon, I paid around $1000. Although they do ask that you tip on the original price, which I found to be a little strange (given that I've never felt it necessary to tip for this service elsewhere), at $99 for six sessions, I really can't complain.
I've noticed that alot of business's that do groupon like deals have no idea how crazy it can get. This was one of those businesses. Once I got ahold of them after trying for days, it has been all good. I make my appointments while I am still there (very key I think). The girl who does the treatments is friendly. So far, I am pretty content with my laser hair removal. Looking at the price menu, I would never pay such high prices for these services. I mean its only 10 minutes, not hours. So $100+ per area per treatment is very unreasonable.
Bought a guilt city mani Pedi for $25 so decided to check out this place. The place is very clean kind of a maze to find in the design district and I live in the area. The oky problem is the mani is $25 and pedi $35 or combo $50. They don't even have a pedicure chair little uncomfortable. The girl that does nails is very good. I just don't think it is worth the money.
I had no idea it was located inside the Buena Vista building so I drove looking for a storefront after I turned on 39th. Once I figured it out, I easily found metered street parking, but then noticed the free grassy lot while walking to the building FAIL :-/  After hearing from a friend that the ladies who work at this well-appointed spa are rude and abrupt when it comes to scheduling, selling, and gratuity, I couldn't believe how wrong she was. I walked in and was greeted by a very friendly receptionist and spa director. They offered me lemon water and fruit and I was seated to fill out my extensive paperwork for laser which included waivers, warnings, and details on how to avoid nasty burns or reactions, which neither party wants. I waited not more than 5 minutes and was taken to my treatment room by a PA, I believe, who upon seeing my tan skin, had to confirm once again when was the last time I was in the sun. I like this. Its for my protection and so far I felt this was waaay more legit than previous experiences I've had with laser. Once the treatment began I realized this was the real thing, not only did the machine look familiar from my online research but it hurt like hell. And I come from the school of "that must mean it's working." I'm so sorry I don't remember her name but she worked so quickly and thoroughly and explained to me I could upgrade for not much more to do more areas. I never felt pressured in any way. Upon exiting, they told me it's best to schedule my next appt at that moment to keep up to date with my sessions, so I made it as well as upgraded and still no mention of a gratuity. SO I finally inquired on the retail value of my groupon so that I could tip accordingly and they were so grateful to receive the tip I left. Nothing but gracious, attentive (really friendly actually) ladies in a beautiful setting. I even saw a special for mani/pedi so Im getting that done tomorrow LOVE THIS PLACE :)
I am rating 5 stars for a manicure and pedicure with Marie. She is amazing! No corners cut and my Pedi lasts 2 weeks. She uses top notch products. She is friendly and doesn't rush. The salon only uses organic products so no shellac there! Also, they do not use a pedicure chair, but It hasnt been a problem for me. They new management staff is on point and they also moved to a new location. The new location is spa heaven and very relaxing. Its is a very pleasant atmosphere. The prices are not cheap: $45 for a mani pedi combo. Also, they will serve a class of wine or water upon request. It is worth it once a month.
I had a living social deal for a mani/pedi. Honestly I was expecting the worse considering it was a special, but I was so pleasantly surprised. Marie was the best. She paid close attention to my cuticles and made me feel very relaxed. I would definitely recommend her to anyone. And unlike some of the other reviews, I thought the service was excellent.
I am so happy that I have found this spa. I LOVE it! Every member of the staff were extremely gracious and the services were fantastic. I had a facial and microderm abrasion with Janet who took her time and was one of the bast facials I have ever had! I did not feel rushed and was completely relaxed when I left. I also purchased the laser treatment packages, which were extremely reasonable compared to other places. I travel a lot for work and can't wait to go back to Miami and have a full pamper treatment! The reflexology pedicure and massage package looked divine! I have tried a lot of spas in Miami and Emena definitely at the top of my list.
I must say it was a great experience to walk into Emena spa. I purchased two Groupons for Dysport.  I was a bit nervous because I had never done Dysport before and I only had a treatment of Botox from a plastic Surgeon about 4 years ago that cost me 4 times as much ($800 vs $200) for the same areas. First of all I arrived super early because I must have heard my appointment time was at 1:30 but in actuality it was at 3:30! At first I was a little aggravated but I was like, Oh well, I am here and I am not driving home to come back because that makes no sense nor am I leaving without this procedure being done since I was excited and anxious to get my treatment. Immediately the receptionist Christine was so friendly and wanting to make me feel comfortable so she decided to tell me all about how Dysport works and she showed me around the beautiful spa. It is very beautiful and comforting so I felt relaxed. Then she tried to get in touch with the girl that performs the Dysport procedure but she was taking care of previous commitments and was about an 1 and 1/2 away because she had timed her appointment at 3:30. The fact that she attempted to make an effort to call her and see if she could arrive earlier made me feel better instantly because at least I knew they were trying to accommodate me and make me feel welcome and comfortable. Then Christine asked me if I wanted to get any other spa treatments done while I waited and told me about the specials for Spa month going on. I opted for getting a microdermabrasion facial that was wonderful for only $49.00 which was great because normally they are $125.00 so I felt that I had lucked out. Besides that I had never had a Microdermabrasion facial done before and the aesthetician that performed it "Nilsa" was great. Again, I was nervous and didn't want to walk out with red or peeling skin but she assured me it wasn't like that. I actually Loved it and am returning for another one in two weeks and I got an education on how the process works step by step. Also, according to her it is also good to get done before Dysport because it oxygenates your cells and allows anything that you apply to your skin to distribute and penetrate evenly. Well, now to the Dysport, I was a little bit nervous but the practitioner who is a physician's assistant was super friendly. I am also very scared of needles but it was practically a painless experience. Now I have to wait a couple of days to actually see results. I ended up purchasing 60 units for $198.00 through Groupon and that is a really excellent price. Now I am just hoping and praying that I get the results I was looking for. Either way, I will let you know. As for the Spa itself, the staff was Very Friendly and Attentive and it was beautiful, organized, pleasant and clean.
Emena is good option for microdermabrasion or facials if you're situated in the downtown Miami area. My first appointment was for a deep cleaning facial however Mirzza insisted on giving me a microdermabrasion. After a second micro, my third appointment was for an organic facial. Much to my surprise Mirzza proceeded to give me a micro-facial. She does know what she's doing because my acne immediately resolved within a few days before I left to go on interviews.
My sister introduced me to this place, since they love her and she thought they would treat me well. I was in serious need of some de-grossing after about 6 months of not doing any sort of beauty routine. The owner helped book my appointments, as well as my sister's, pretty last minute. And when we called to rearrange the times due to some appointments we had to attend, she didn't have an issue at all - and we had full days booked! I had a full body salt scrub/facial, a facial with microdermabrasion, and a pedicure. I would buy the woman who gave me the body facial for my own - she scrubbed my skin like she was sanding wood floors. I felt all new and clean and shiny!  She was also super nice. My facialist was really good at talking to me about using vitamins, etc and giving me information to research on how to get rid of some of my blemishes. She also plucked a dark hair (or 3) from my chin. Oh aging is fun... The things you discover. My sister and her friends raved about this pedicure dude, so I went to him last on my day of beautification. Well. He. Uhm. Has a 'thing' for feet. Definitely. I mean whatever floats your boat. The pedicure painting itself was all sorts of kindergarten finger painting, but my feet were BUTTERY soft, like a kindergartner! He did say he is not the best at painting, and that he wasn't really trained in that area.  No worries for me, as my feet stayed lovely and smooth for over a month. The owner was there to greet us when we arrived, as well as took care of us when we left.  she was SO nice and chatted with us about whatever. This place is great, and if I lived in Miami - this would be my spa!
Finally found the time and courage to redeem my laser groupon purchase. What a delightful salon. I am so sad I did not discover it sooner! I live just around the corner so it is ultra convenient. Front desk receptionists were so friendly and welcoming, just a complete delight. Each salon service is offered in a different room so everything feels very private, not exposed like every other salon. Justina, the laser technician was so friendly and very knowledgeable. The laser itself wasn't a tickle but what more can you expect, it is what it is. Would definitely recommend this salon to friends.
I booked the special $30 Manicure and Pedicure with Carolina - it was definitely a deal! She did a really nice job and wasnt rushed at all but also didnt take 2 hours. For the price it was definitely worth it!! I will definitely be back.
The spa was very relaxing. Marie the nail technician was amazing!
I recently went on vacation to Florida, and wanted a little pampering while I was there.  I asked around and heard about Emena from someone in our hotel.  I am so glad I went there.  The staff was awesome--they were super friendly. I got a pedicure from Rick that was probably the best pedicure I have ever received.  If you have not gone to him you are missing out. I also received a cut and color from Roosevelt.   I was a little nervouse going to someone other than my hairdresser but I am so glad  I did. He cut my hair exactly how I wanted and gave me highlights that looked natural and not streaky (which is always what I am afraid of). Overall I had an awesome experience, and next time I am in town I will definitely go back.
Went to Emena today for a Mani/Pedi with Marie. The experience was great from start to finish; the place is modern, clean. stylish and has good vibes. Great customer care also. Marie was wonderful and did a great and very detailed job. Best mani/pedi I've gotten in terms of precision and end result. My only suggestion is that they could have a bit more selection on their nail polish colors.
I purchased a Groupon for laser hair removal. While the groupon price was a great deal, I felt the treatment I received was worth what I paid for it. I have been there 4 times and each time I had a different technician. The first 3 had indifferent attitudes and did not explain what they were doing, were haphazard in their technique (I could tell they were missing areas) rushed me, and one even argued that the price I paid was wrong and that I should have paid more. Mind you, I am a great tipper, and gave them each tips based on the full retail price of my treatments. The only technician worthy of working in a supposed upscale spa was the one I had the last time, who took the time to tell me exactly what she was doing step by step and the results I should achieve. She made sure she was thorough and covered the area to be treated thoroughly. I have received laser hair removal treatments before and know what results to expect, and I can say that I believe this spa is not effectively treating the area in an effort to have me pay for additional treatments when my Groupon runs out. After 4 treatments, I still have to shave daily, and in the past, I've had excellent and noticeable results after 4 treatments. The ultimate insult came yesterday, when I called to say I'd be running a few minutes late for my appointment (mind you, I've sat in their waiting area before while they run late) and I was informed that they would have to cancel my appointment and re book it...oh, and by the way, I would be charged a cancellation fee, even though they were cancelling me, not me cancelling them! No customer service stars for them! I suppose they have never been caught in traffic and ran late for an appointment. I do not plan on returning for my final 2 treatments, and instead, will go to the doctor's office where I had my original treatments done and pay the price I should have done all along. You get what you pay for!
Don't bother going to this place. The laser lady is so rude doesn't even explain what will be done. I wanted to lay down to be more comfortable she would NOT allow me. I also got micro-dermabasion done it lasted less than 30 minutes, she only went over my face once and than put a bunch of sticky products on my face. I ran home to wash it off. I get micro-demabasion done every month for the last 3 years and they usually go over the face  3 times. Quality is just not worth the money....
I purchased a laser hair removal voucher from Groupon from Emana Spa.  My first few treatments with Shirley were great in 2011.  Since then they have had major turnover and new management.  I still had laser hair removal sessions available from my voucher so I called to make an appointment a few months ago post new management.  When I arrive for my appointment, the laser tech takes me into the treatment room without saying hello or anything.  Very cold. She then tells me that my Groupon has expired since it had been a year since I had purchased it and that I needed to pay for the treatment.  However my Groupon did NOT have an expiration date for when every single session needed to be used up.  The only expiration date was for when the first session had to be booked, written very clearly in the Groupon.  After discussing this with the rude front desk staff, they told that this new policy was in the fine print on their website.  I dont care what is on your website!  It is not in the fine print of my Groupon, and no where in the Groupon did it say to check the website for additional policies.   After  a debate with the front desk staff, I told them I was leaving and not doing the treatment since I was not ready to shell out $425.  Their response was "cool".   Luckily Groupon refunded me for the treatments not honored. Also they require you to tip on the non-discounted price which Ive never heard of for laser hair removal (considered a medical treatment).   My treatments required $65 tip/ 20min session at only 15%.  Imagine how much these techs are making each day!   I have done laser hair removal on my whole body at several different med spas and this spa was by far the worst in terms of service.  Be wary of new policies appearing after purchasing a discount voucher like Groupon.  Save yourself the stress, there are many alternative spas to choose from in Miami.
This place is OK, but I wouldn't go back. For a single 10-minute microdermabrasion session, it costs 125.00. I also bought a Groupon for IPL services originally but was told upon arrival that because i have darker skin, I wouldn't be a good candidate. That was fine but since no one was there to perform an alternative service, I had to wait over an hour for the esthetician to come in. I appreciated that she did show up but then I felt very rushed afterward, as they were solidly booked due to the influx of responses to their promotional offers. They also sold me some Eminence skin care products which I felt were grossly overpriced as well. I can think of at least 2 other places in Miami to go for better quality treatments where people actually take their time to work on something as important as one's face. I'd rather drive to Parker Dentisty in Hollywood and see Ivonne any day, which is a lot considering it's 20 plus miles away from home.
emena spa is my choice for a refreshing, spotless, Powerplate-fueled start to my day. won't bore you with the obvious details. i am a publicist & discerning NYorker. the level of EVERY service at this spa/fitness/wellness/anti-aging nest is reminiscent of the Four Seasons, The J-Sisters, and Standard Spa all in one convenient little package. i am relieved and congratulate the owner, Christina for further elevating the Wynwood/Midtown/Design District with her vital business. Just Do It!
Went in for laser hair removal and received burns on my face... The tech did not mention it. Just put aloe on my face and wisked me out... I hope I don't scar.
Emena is great in general and I have been going there for a long time and love it.  But tonight I had my first pedicure with Rick and OMG, it was the best pedicure (and in fact spa treatment) I have EVER had.  I get my nails done twice a month, and honestly, I can't even explain to you how amazing this pedicure was.  It's expensive and it is so worth it.  Run don't walk.
This place is easy to find and valet parking was only $3.  I was scheduled to have my massage first and then my facial.  The massage therapist was stuck in Miami traffic and was running about 30 minutes late.  The receptionist acted quickly and set me up with the facial first and then the massage after.  The person giving me my facial was very nice and knowledgeable, able to answer all my questions about microdermabrasian.  Once done she checked and said the massage therapist was going to be there in a couple of minutes and she escorted me to her room.  On the way, there was the therapist walking in with a big bag of McDonald's.  I waited several minutes for her to finish her McDonald's and to come in and start.  There was Christmas music playing which did not help me to relax, the therapist changed the music right away to more appropriate spa music.  She was very good and nice to talk to.  The only draw back is that the walls are paper thin and you can hear all the noise in the salon and inside the halls of the building they are in.  I would go back for a facial and for a massage if they invest in some sound proofing or locate the massage room to a quieter section.
three of us went to see "Rick" today. for pedicure connosseurs like me, it will be well worth the trip. i can name on one hand three people who can meet or beat his skills with both pedicure specialist and masseuse. good for u footmaster!
This is just the second time I have ever written a review. The other time was my fabulous visit to Italy and the hotels there. I felt I must let people know of the incredible experience I had at Emena Spa yesterday. I was so in need of a day of peace and relaxation. However, I also felt I should do a little exercise. I found Emena Spa reviews and it sounded like the place to go. My first encounter was with the lovely Naomi on the phone who helped me book my day. I then met the beautiful owner Christina. She was fabulous in encouraging me on the Power Plates that I actually enjoyed.  I then had the best massage I have ever had from the talented Tamara. Next was a very thorough, very good and relaxing manicure from Janice or Janet( I think that was her name). She was also very professional and nice. Next... was the most amazing part of the day. 90 minutes of an expert named Rick giving the most unbelievable pedicure I have ever had. The care he puts into his work is just amazing. Christina has put together a great team and as usual it comes from the top. Her love of what she does is evident in the atmosphere and her staff. RUN there during spa month. I have already booked another day with my fiance to have him experience the joy I felt. I will be going back even when I have to pay full price...worth every penny. It was JUST what I needed.
I absolutely love this place and never did I think I would find it with a groupon Usually groupons can be tricking you don't get the greatest service and you get the "groupon" treatment.. But not here!! I walked in and was greeted extremely cordial by the spa director (Ken) he showed me around the very stylish spa located on the 3rd floor of a urban style cute building in the design district; he immediately offered me organic tea, coffee or wine (I picked coffee and wine!) Then the moment of truth who will they give me for my hydrating hair mask, cut and blow groupon.. They gave me wonderful Deanna! She applied my hydrating hair mask while we talked about what I wanted for my hair cut.. She perfectly combined what I wanted with her expertise and ta da!! Perfect hair style and amazing blo :) Well needles to say I will be going back to Deanna for my weekly blo :)
Best experience by far.. Deanna is an amazing stylist. She has transformed my hair from black into this chocolate brown with bayalage. I couldn't be happier. I get numerous comments on my hair and she has brought life back to my hair. I would definitely recommend her to anyone. You would be amazed at the abilities that she has when it comes to hair. Take my word for it and most definitely go to her. The salon is amazing and you will feel relaxed :) Thank you Deanna for my hair and for sure I will be going back to you before my trip to California :)
Friendly staff and great products.  Every time I come to the spa I leave feeling like a million bucks. Everyone knows my name, they greet you with a warm smile.  I have the monthly membership which is a great deal !! Voted Miami's bear spa for a good reason, id recommend  to friends and family.
I have been coming to Emena for maybe 4 years and I really enjoy it very time. Masseuses are wonderful - esp Marcy and Erika. Erika was my therapist today and she was terrific. The new location is tricky to find the first time but a breeze after that. There's always parking, the spa is immaculate. Like it very much!
By far the best place to get laser hair removal at a fantastic price.  I was nervous getting my Brazilian done but  technician made me feel so comfortable and it didn't hurt nearly as bad as I thought... I would def do it again a million times over... Great results ! Friendly staff ! Super clean environment! HIGHLY RECOMMEND
What a wonderful hair salon! I cannot get over what a great experience I had today with Deana White. She is truly an expert and a professional. I left with silky soft and perfectly cut hair. Ken, at the front desk, was incredibly welcoming as well. The salon is beautifully decorated and uses top notch products. I can't wait until my next cut!
Best haircut ever! As testament to what  a great cut and style I received, after my appointment as I waited for my for my car that I valeted at the restaurant across the street ($3), a guy who was eating inside came dashing out to hand me his business card and tell me how gorg I was. Needless to say, I feel pretty confident in my claim that this was the best haircut ever. Some people dread going to the dentist, I dread going for a haircut. I've just found that too many hair stylist are either not interested in giving you what you really want, or they are scissor-happy, or some I'd even swear were blind. But today, Mercedes gave me such a great cut and blow dry and my whole experience at Emena Spa and Salon was fantastical. I loved the decor with all the funky art and cool colors, and with the laid back and happy vibe of the place, it set things off right. I was greeted immediately and taken care of right away, everything was in good time, but I never felt rushed at all, nor did I find any inch of that relaxed sluggishness that I often come across at spas. Mercedes was so super sweet, and started off my appointment by telling me how beautiful I was, and who doesn't like that? She knew within a minute what it was I needed and after a short discussion, she was off to work. Never once did I feel at all paniky like I typically do. Even as inches of hair started to cascade down to the floor, I felt totally comfortable that I was going to get a great cut. As Mercedes went along, she gave me great tips and pointers too, which I will most definitely implement into my hair routine. My cut came out ah-mazing and the blow dry was one of the best I've had too. I walked out with a bouncy, victorias secret-esque 'do. Other than the fact that the name of this place is much to similar to "enema,"  eMena Salon and Spa offered me such a great experience and I so highly recommend it here.
I visited Emena for a massage however received much more. You walk into a large building in the design district not your typical spa location I would say. After a short elevator ride and walk down the hallway you have arrived, this oasis is truly more than I ever expected. From the friendly staff greeting me, to the kind knowledgeable masseuse the entire time was an experience. I felt calm, relaxed and stress free. The lighting was perfect not too light, not too dark and the music was the exact level that one could relax but also didn't feel to dull.   Now the massage WOW, truly the best massage I've received. Christina the owner is a pleasure to work with and her staff rocks.   I highly recommend!!!!!!!!   #MiamiMust
I've been coming to Emena Spa for several years now. I love the quality of service. The staff members are friendly and are always accommodating. This spa is situated in the artsy design district with great access to parking, near shops and restaurants. The ambiance is very relaxing. I've always been happy with my color, cut, & keratin. Carla is awesome!! I recommend selecting this full service spa for all beauty needs including Botox, facials, laser & massages!
I love Carla! My hair color is perfect now. She is the best in Miami!  I relocated from San Diego, CA and tried several salons before finding Emena Spa. Emena Spa lived up to my expectations and Carla is the best at hair color. Thank you Carla!
I've had several hair color jobs done all over and usually never impressed and always resort to black as my safety tool, but after bleaching and processing my hair so many times it was fried and looked brassy... Thanks to Carla this color guru has not only given me the best color she also managed to perfectly dye my extensions!!!!!
If you are a seasoned spa junkie, just treat yourself on occasion, or even a novice to services, look no further.  I've been a client for 3 years now and would give Emena 10 stars if I could. From the second Ken answers the phone to the months following my services,  I've been pleased with the entire experience.  Nails, hair, laser, facials, etc it is a one stop shop that has never let me down. Christina the owner treats you like a friend: honest, supportive, and encouraging. When I've been  skeptical about a service the staff educate me and give me the entire run down, making sure I feel good about it. Christina treats her employees very well and it shows through their happiness and positive energy in the building. Nobody is there to 'sell' you on anything and your happiness measures your value. The club membership is a MUST for $149/month you get 2 services which helped me maintain and save time and energy of shopping around for other deals. No brainer. The level of trust they've earned from me is priceless. Prepare to feel and look amazing....you deserve it!
Was going to another salon and my hair was at this stunted growth stage with her and my hair usually grows like weeds. So I decided to switch it up, went to a girl named Carla...... Let's just say 3 inches and month and a half later my hair is happy, I'll never cheat on C lol. Even the texture of my hair has changed, I can actually wear it curly now as I have ethnic hair. She's amazing!!!!
Having just moved to Miami to start a new job -- needless to say I was stressed and in desperate need of a massage.  I researched on Yelp and found Emena Spa.  My experience was delightful.  I had a 90 minute Deep Tissue with Marcy. The online appointment scheduling works perfectly for me and the reminders are wonderful.  Of course I forgot to confirm my appointment via email reminder but Ken, the Spa Director, was kind enough to try calling me and then emailing.  Bless.  Now that I know the system, I'll be more on top of my confirmation! I got lost trying to find the spa, stupid GPS, but after calling the Spa,  Christina was very helpful and concise in her directions.  Tah-dah!  The entrance is on the side of the building, which if you didn't know would be a little confusing. One of the things I've heard time and time again from residents of Miami is, "oh you must not be from here you're nice."  Well....the team at Emena are very nice....which is wonderful.  While I waited for my massage Ken came over, introduced himself and asked how I discovered the spa.  I then learned about their various services and whoa....they even offer a glass of white wine! My massage was great.  The pressure perfect and Marcy understood when I told her about my problem areas.  The room was calming, dim lighting and relaxing music.  Several times I was almost out like a light.   The only downside was the several woman in the hair styling area who were very gregarious and discussing which bikinis looked best on one of them etc.  It was difficult to tune them out at times as they were so loud - so I mentally had to focus on relaxing and breathing and enjoying my massage. However, at the end of my massage, when Marcy said, "rest a while".....I did and then suddenly I found myself drifting off to sleep!  HA!  Time to get up and get going!  It was exactly what I needed....thank you Marcy! They have a great club package - choice of two services out of a list of 28....for a low monthly fee.  Needless to say Ken didn't have to twist my arm....sign me up....I can't wait.   Also, with my card on file I don't have to wait in line to check out --- just simply tell them to process, including the standard 18% tip and off I go out the door.   The spa is perfectly located between work and home so I'm already planning my next services. I would definitely recommend Emena Spa!
I am EXTREMELY impressed by this spa. Marcy did an INCREDIBLE job with my Deep Tissue Massage... I feel like a whole new person! She was such a kind, positive person from the moment she greeted me. I can't wait to have another massage with her! I had some Spa Wish certificates that I was having issues redeeming and Ken literally invited me to sit with him and helped me every step of the way... AND WITH AN EXTREMELY POSITIVE ATTITUDE!!! I find this so rare!!! I am just impressed from the cleanliness, the options available, to the amazing staff! Looking forward to my next visit already!
6 months and 20-something visits later and I'm still in love with Emena. Mirrza is one of the sweetest people I've ever met, and she is a skin magician, my microdermabrasions are amazing. She always has the best advice for how to care for my skin and nutrition, too. Mindy is great with organic chemical peels, they use a blueberry peel and it makes my skin glow for a week after the treatment. I am addicted to this peel when I have a big event. Carla is awesome for hair - I wasn't super happy with the results of my keratin treatment, but I know it was my hair texture (very fine and frizzy) that didn't respond well. I just met Myrnelle this week, she gave me a great blow dry and was so sweet. I'll definitely be booking more appointments with her, so happy that she has joined the Emena team!!
Very nice spa. Juan was excellent, and my husband loved Marcy. Customer service is very good.
Yesterday was my first time at Emena--am already looking forward to my next visit. Parking is easy. Valet is only $3(!) and right across the street. The spa is on the 3rd floor of a clean DDistrict modern building. The spa carries products that Madonna swears-by; and offers an array of services and packages.   Got lash extensions with Gisell Hernandez. She.Is.INCREDIBLE. Gisell is so gentle, I fell asleep. No joke. Was fully out! When I woke up, she was just finishing up...and I could already tell that she was an expert. When I looked in the mirror, I was shocked (in a great way!) My lashes were amazing! Me, Miss-No-Lashes, finally had enviable lashes that scream natural and luscious! Years ago, had a really bad eye lash extension experience and swore I would never do it again. . . I am so happy to report that I will most definitely do it again--with Gisell!!!!!!!!!!
I can once more up my stars here. I would say its a 4.5 after today's experience.  Came here with a friend and 2 pre-purchased vouchers for a massage, facial, manicure and 1 glass of wine each and we had an overall pleasant experience. The front desk staff is very friendly and modern.  Maybe not exactly the "warm" kind but they have good customer service manners. Facial with Mirka was one of the better ones I have had in a while; only down-side was the duration.  Our voucher adverstised 55 min facial and we each only got 25 min max.  The facial made up for it, but it bugged me a little about the misrepresentation in time. Massage with Marcy was very good. I usually have my fix massage therapist that  I have been going to for the past 2 years, but I think I would come back to Marcy.  She made me feel so relaxed and hit exactly the right spots.  Very pleasant lady. Manicure with Marie was fun.  She did an excellent job and was very friendly and courteous.
So far so good! I have a Groupon and was very worried because of the lack of times available, they are booked SOLID.  I take this as a good sign though, they are busy so therefore it means they are probably good. I got there a bit early and started filling out paperwork.  They are very nice, and yes busy, but busy in a good way.  After I filled it out they called me in and I was very excited as we were completely on time.  I like punctuality. I was made to feel comfortable (no, I am not usually very comfortable with these things) and completely at home.  It was quick and I found that a few days after there are significant changes. YAY! Afterward the girls at the desk were sweet and made it obvious they are interested in the clients, we chatted a bit and I made my appointment for the next time.  Can't wait!
My first time at Emena was at an event where they 'sampled' some of their services.  That day I had a manicure and one of those chair massages, both very good.   Fast forward some months, they ran an offer on Groupon and, even when it's an hour drive for me, I decided to purchase it based on my previous experience.  I knew I could trust them, that they have experienced staff and great customer service. I have not been disappointed.  Both front desk and technicians are really nice, very welcoming, and make you feel very comfortable.  Plus, knowing how busy they get, always book my next appointment that same day, making sure I don't miss one or have problem booking later. They offer just about every service to make you look and feel good.  Facials, massages, manicures, pedicures, laser, power plate training, body wraps, and more.   Plus they're constantly offering good deals, like Groupon and Spa Month specials, so take advantage of them.
I've been coming to Emena for several months now for laser treatments, and I have to say that each time is a treat!  The facilities are spotless and the atmosphere very soothing.  The service is excellent; everyone I've met from the receptionists to the therapists have been very warm.  On my last visit there had been a long delay because they were understaffed; however, I was treated to a gratis pedicure by Rick, who is known as the "Foot Master."  His work is simply amazing-- Rick really took his time with me, and by the time he was finished my feet were so soft, and all the rough spots and hardened skin from wearing abrasive shoes and high heels--gone! As for the laser treatments, I would highly recommend Yamiley.  She's very skilled with the machines, knowing how to adjust the settings for both the client's comfort as well as treatment efficiency.  Very easy person to work with, and I am happy with the results so far.
I come here for laser hair removal every 6-8 weeks, and I've also been here for a facial and massage (2 for $99 during spa month).   Emena offered an incredible deal through groupon and I think the response was overwhelming because it was a little disorganized at first.  Appointments were made for 15 minutes, which clearly was not enough time, and I had to wait OVER AN HOUR twice (at least I got an apology).  Either way, I'm on laser treatment number 5 for lower legs, and I expected a better result this far into treatment.  The machine works, but I feel that the appointments are hurried and the Physician Assistants do not really have the time to be as thorough as they should.  There are sections on my lower legs that are missed as a result.   The massage and facial were great.  I went with my best friend and we enjoyed our time there.  The appointments were on time.  For the facial, they used Eminence products, which are organic and felt great - light, not greasy.   The spa offers great deals and lots of variety so check their website!  I'm not sure I would come here without them!
Disclaimer: I have been visiting Emena Spa since it opened. I was having a crappy day at work and I looked up all the spas in my hood on the Miami Spa Month page. I called Emena because I hadn't heard of it before and it was so close. The woman who answered the phone was the owner and she said "we've been open a few months, come on over." It was love from that day on.  It is one of the only day spas in the NE Corridor (my hood) and it is my favorite. That said, I have never bought a Groupon  for their services and have no experience with scheduling laser hair removal. I called Emena the other day because I had strained my neck. I needed a massage bad. The phone rang and I asked the receptionist if I could book a massage appointment for that day. Any time. She said "Of course you can, let's find the right time for you." I like answers like that. I have in the past had a few issues with getting appointments, but to be fair, I never call or book in advance. I am a spontaneous booker. I was on-time for my appointment, and greeting warmly at the door.  My therapist was waiting for me. We discussed what my issues were and then I was led into a tranquil, dimly lit room for my massage. My therapist was well trained, really focusing on what we had discussed and offering some helpful therapy ideas for post-treatment. She worked out my kinks. Masterfully. Some things I love about this spa. It's super clean. Nothing more disgusting than a dirty spa. It's modern in its vibe and furnishings.  The services are top-notch. It is centrally-located. There is lots of parking available. Both street and affordable valet - thank you Craig Robbins. The people are friendly. I have read the other posts and I have to say, I have never had an unfriendly interaction with anyone there. And finally, they always have specials - every month, not just Miami Spa Month. Do yourself a favor. Book a regular appointment and enjoy yourself for an hour.
Emena Spa is awesome and offers a variety of services from facials to laser hair removal, power plate exercise to mani/pedi. As I mentioned earlier, I have been going to laser my lower legs (which are coming out great btw - I only shave once a week for a smooth finish, bc there is minimal hair growth) They have worked out the kinks in appt scheduling. Each time I have been I am greeted by a new therapist, not sure why so much change, but the 3rd therapist, was my favorite to date.  She drew lines on my legs to mark off by sections to make sure she got every spot. She was super friendly and asked me a bunch of questions about the laser and just random other life topics. The first and 4th were just ok, rushing thru it. I saw an advertisement while I was checking out, that they were offering 2 30 minute power plate for $20 - which is a great price, since each class is usually over $25. I signed up and went in for my first appt and wow did underestimate that machine. It vibrates at a very rapid and intense pace while you do lunges, squats, pushups, step-ups, etcetc on it which intensifies the workout. The trainer was a total sweetheart. She was really encouraging and motivating and understanding that my quads were really sore from the previous nights workout, so she improvised the routine for me. The best part of the machine is that each routine (squats, pushup etc.) only last for 30, 45, or 60 seconds, depending what the trainer selects. So you only have to do it till the machine stops vibrating. Then she explains the next routine and you do it for xx seconds, for a grand total of 30 minutes, including a cool down stretch. Overall a great quick and easy workout (but definitely pricey). I also recently had a facial during yelp spa week and it was awesome. they use eminence products and the facialist was reallly nice and friendly and talked me thru the whole way, explaining everything and trying out cool new products on me. She told me about the line without being pushy and trying to sell me the stuff.
love emena spa... the staff, products, services...everything! marcy gives the most amazing massages ever. and mindy is the best with facials. i love ken at the front desk and christina, the owner, is lovely. so happy to have emena in my neighborhood.
So through Daily Candy I receive a message that Emena Spa is offering free facials.  Whaat?!  Where do I sign up?  So I booked a date, received a confirmation call and found their spacious place in the Design District.  The woman who gave the facial was very knowledgable about all things skin care related and even provided a free LED Light Therapy treatment.  As a customer I was also offered a special $99 facial and massage deal and also $99 for unlimited Power Plates for a month.  Both awesome deals.   I felt this was a great community service the spa was offering and hope to make another visit soon.
I came here with a Groupon for laser hair removal. After struggling a little to find the place (hint: call the number, listen to the directions they have recorded on the phone. don't rely on you crackberry) I arrived. The atmosphere was relaxing. The staff was friendly. My treatment (lower legs) was quick but thorough. They offered me other services (as expected), but did not pressure me.
I recommend Emena Spa to everyone! My boyfriend bought me a package consisting of a massage and facial for my birthday...what a present it was. I had an absolutely wonderful and relaxing experience. Christina, the owner, is sweet and is very passionate about bringing the best to her customers. The massage was AMAZING and the facial was just what my skin needed! I will be going back ASAP and suggest everyone should give Emena spa a try.
Hi, my name is Nicole and I cannot tell a lie, I come here for laser hair removal and I got it off a Groupon. The technicians are really nice and the woman at the front desk always remembers me and my sister when we come in together. It may also be because we like to buy dresses when we come. There are adorable little flowy party mini-dresses in the lobby and I just can't resist how cute they are! Anyway, I really love how clean this spa is. Plus with it's trendy art and hip decorations, I always leave feeling cooler and (literally) smoother each time. It's my favorite place to come every two to three months!
I LOVED IT! A beautiful and calming environment, loft-like space. The owner, Christina is super nice and accommodating. The services were great also! Go when you want a truly, relaxing spa day, I wouldn't go for a quick in and out service, you will want to stay and chill out! I had a manicure by someone who doesn't normally work there and was called in for the day- either way by my standards awesome mani! Second came the facial, by Mindy who was very sweet and had a nice touch. Her facial massage put me to sleep- literally it was very intoxicating! My only complaint is that she wasn't as aggressive as I normally prefer with the extractions... however I definitely will recommend this spa to all my friends and clients.  I can't wait to go back for my "reflexology pedicure!" Love you Emena.
I love this salon! The ambience is calm, relaxing, clean, and I love the staff.  Carla and Marie are top notch.  Carla gives the best color and blow dry in Miami.  No one can surpass her.  She also cares about her clients.  I was scared to do a Keratin treatment because of an allergic reaction so she tested the product on my skin and waited 24 hours to see if I got any reactions.  There was no reaction and wasn't nervous to the treatment since I knew I wasn't allergic. No one has ever done that before.  Her blow dries are super fast yet always full bodied and perfect.  When she colors your hair, she makes recommendations, she won't just let you do any color if it won't look good with your skin tone.  Marie is the best manicurist! The staff at Emena are professional and friendly.
I was able to experience Emena Spa earlier today.  My stylist, Carla, was fantastic.  She was able to execute exactly what I wanted (cut and blow dry).  The salon is gorgeous, clean with great music and wonderful people.  I definitely recommend Emena!  Thanks Christina!!!
My father and I came all the way to Miami from Southern CA to golf for a couple days.  Unfortunately, it rained almost the entire time here, so we looked up "Things to do in Miami when it's raining", and I'm so glad and fortunate that it listed visiting one of Miami's numerous day spas.  So naturally, we looked for the closest day spas to the condo we were staying in on Yelp, and we found the Emena Spa.   Christina, the owner, gave us an amazing deal including a 90 minute foot reflexology pedicure with the footmaster, Rick and a 90 minute massage with Connie all for $165 a piece.  Prior to this treatment, my father had only received one professional massage in his life, and personally, I feel bad for anyone that has to touch my feet.  However, we both walked out of there feeling completely relaxed with a new-found sense of peace.  My feet have never felt smoother, and I see where Rick gets the "Footmaster" title.  He loves his craft, and he takes so much time and makes a connection with each customer.  Connie used the perfect amount of pressure during the entire massage, and her strength is amazing.   What can I say about Christina?  Well, she's a young, entrepreneur who loves what she does and creates a connection with every customer that she sees.  Thank you Christina.  Your spa is amazing, and we'll definitely make it a stop on our Miami tour the next time we're here.
An overall amazing experience. From the beginning to the end, all of the staff was friendly and generally pleasant to be around. Although I did have a little bit of confusion finding the place (it is inside of a building that houses other great small businesses), once I got inside I was transported to zen bliss. A clean and well organized environment, the gentleman (Ken) that greeted me was the same friendly voice that took my reservation earlier in the day. I came in for a facial and then chose to upgrade to include a peel in the service. My skin has never looked so amazing. The super friendly woman who actually did the facial was helpful and extremely informative. I look forward to booking more services with her in the future. Basically, from the moment I called until the moment I walked out of the spa, everything was exactly how I would expect a lovely spa experience to be. Their menu of services offered is extensive...mani/pedi, facials, massage, botox, hair removal. I look forward to another blissful experience at Emena.
Emena Spa is AWESOME!! The vibe is welcoming and it reminds me of a spa in New York. There's no annoying expensive valet like the spas at the hotels on the beach and no pretense. They have this awesome monthly club special where for like $149.00 you can pick 2 services per month and these services are amazing. I had a swedish massage with Marcy. Ask for her, she has hands from the heavens. It was from a Gilt City offer but if you're paying full price for a massage THIS is the lady to ask for. He technique is fantastic and the pressure gets out the kinks perfectly. It's a day later and I still feel the results. Emena has tons of services to select from and Ken the reservations and spa Jedi holding down fort is a sweetheart. PS there's a $3 valet or easy street parking right near the building.
I have never felt excited to write a review on a business...until now. I am so thrilled to have finally found an AMAZING salon/spa. I have been here twice. When you call to make an appointment, you are usually greeted by the warm and professional Ken, who makes you feel welcome over the phone. He fits you right in and a follow up email confirmation awaits you in minutes. The spa itself just moved to a new location in the Design District. It is on the third floor of a new building but once everyone else has moved in I feel like it will just get better! The interior is very clean and relaxing. They offer tea, water, wine.. you aren't waiting for more than minutes before you are getting whisked off to 5 star treatment. I had a mani/pedi with Marie who really exceeded my expectations. She takes her time, and the polish stays on for weeks... actually mine's on for going on 5 weeks. oops! (they don't have as many colors as a reg nail salon, so if you're picky, bring your own) I had highlights refreshed with Carla. I was apprehensive about booking with her as I had heard Rosevelt was good but CARLA is my new girl! Finally, my highlights are EXACTLY what I asked for, and I didn't even have to really tell her... She was friendly, knowledgeable and funny! She didn't pressure me to get a hair cut, which I knew I really needed... which I loved. I hate upsells! the best part about this whole experience? LESS THAN TWO HOURS.... I have very long hair and i'm usually sitting down at the salon for 5 hours... Thank you Carla!!!! I also ran into the owner, who was actually getting Carla to dry her hair as I came in and she stopped her so I could sit right down and left with wet hair. Now some of you may think that's standard but I was very impressed. She was very nice and professional. Basically everyone I met at Emena I adored, and I was seriously impressed by my services!
This place is well worth every penny I've spent! I got two Groupons and although I pay quite a bit in tip each time, I'm still saving so much. All the laser technicians are SO nice -- once it was so painful they let me reschedule without a problem! They always call me to confirm in advance so I never forget about my appointment and everyone is really welcoming and nice. I've been 5 times and I see such a difference. I shave once a month now! It does hurt, but they always try to make me as comfortable as possible! All the girls that have worked on me have either been physician assistants or nurse practitioners so I feel really safe about them working on me and they are always so thorough. They take great notes and make sure they get every inch. Overall, this is how a laser facility should be. I definitely recommend them :)
I highly recommend Emena Spa.   I purchased a Groupon Emena coupon for laser hair removal.  I have never had this procedure done before and was concerned about the details (pain, duration, side effects, etc).   The personnel at Emena made every step of the way simple and easy for me.  Not only were they extremely helpful, friendly & charming, they were also honest, sincere and transparent.  They are truly professionals.  The facility is luxurious, super-clean and beautiful.  The ambiance is gentle & calm, you don't want to leave.   Both times I've been there, I've left extremely happy!!!!  I look forward to my third appt in July 2011 . . .
I've been coming to Emena for laser since March of 2011. I absolutely love this place. Why, they are open on saturdays, and sometimes on a sunday. The PAs are sweet as can be. and the wait time has never been more than 10 minutes, which I appreciate. What's even better is that they are always running specials, and if they quote you a price and put it into your profile, when you decide to purchase, they honor that price. So it's nice, because it truly is a no-pressure to buy type of place. They don't have parking which is a bummer, but usually you can find something on the street, I've yet to have a problem with that.
Emena Spa, what a beautiful spa, you find it in an unexpected place!!! I actually went there with a Groupon for a hair cut, mask and style and I have to tell you that everyone there is so super nice, the spa is so beautiful and clean and Clara, our hair stylist is great! They have a great spa membership, just $149/ month for 2 services, any two, different each month or the same as you wish! I will get it as I think is a great deal and I love the spa!
Went to Emena twice this past week, for a massage, manicure and facial.  I bought a voucher from TravelZoo for all three at a great price and have a friend that raves about the salon... so I had to try it out.  Prices are quite reasonable even without a voucher or groupon. Everyone there was very friendly and helpful.  When I booked, they even sent me email reminders for each appointment.  When I arrived my therapists and appointments were right on time and the services were great.  (Parking isn't bad, its metered on street, you'll get a spot within a block or two) Marcy was my massage therapist and not only does she have lots of experience, but she asks the right questions and listens to what you want to focus on. Marie did my manicure; she was super nice and my nails looked great. I was scheduled with Mirrza for my 1 hour Organic facial.  When I got there, she offered a 30 min microderm session instead of the facial.  I took the microderm and my skin looked amazing after!  She explained the process and products and was very nice. Highly recommend going to Emena (check out their spa membership packages... it's a great deal)
I purchased through Groupon 6 sessions of laser hair removal at Emena and I'm  already done with all 6. I just decided to write this review to say I am completely satisfied with their service, they are very professional and really nice people. The only thing that bothered me a little was that every time I went, it was a different technician. But other than that, they always treated me very well and they all did a great job. The treatment really works. Oh, one other thing I didn't like was when I missed an appointment (they said they called to remind me, but didn't) they charged me $50! I understand they loose money if I don't show up, but $50 was a little too much since my appointments never took more than 5 minutes. Ok, so this is why I just removed 1 star from my rating.
What a great staff and experience! I'm  very picky when it comes to getting my hair cut so I was super nervous when trying this place but Myrnelle took time and patience to understand what I wanted and shared her thoughts for my feedback. I purchased the cut/mask/blow deal off groupon and I was so surprised at how nice they were- I loved my hair when I left and was very pleased with the experience .. I will be back .. Thank you!
