I absolutely love this place!! I'm about to let you in on a little secret... The best masseuse is Yazmina. Or at least she is in my opinion. I hope by saying this it doesn't mean she'll be booked every time I go. The spa's attention to detail is amazing and both massages that I have had were fantastic. I recommend the Chardonnay treatment. The oils they use smell delicious and don't leave you feeling like you need to shower. I will say this... The Miami Spa Month deal they offer is great. With only one issue, the amount of people. It was a little busier than the first time I visited but other than that, I have no complaints. I can't wait to go back!!
I've been seeing Tilza for my eyebrow wax before she came to the Biltmore Spa.  I have to say, this just makes the experience that much better. Tilza is AMAZING at what she does.  She takes her time and you never feel rushed.  Would not trust my eyebrows to anyone but her.  Yes, she's that good. Coming to the Biltmore Spa is an added bonus.  Even if it's only for 30 minutes, it's a very relaxing atmosphere.
One of my favorite spas in Miami!! The building is beyond beautiful. Make sure you get there early to spend some time in the relaxation room. The view from there is amazing! You will not be let down.
What a great place to chill at on a lazy Sunday. There are the biggest hotel pool in the states. I was lucky enough to spend my money.
Still love going to this spa and now my eyebrow artist is there. Tilza is amazing. She will shape your brows beautifully but call ahead because she gets booked quickly.
Simply divine!  My massage at the Biltmore was exactly what I needed to relax and unwind.  Once I was escorted into the ladies locker room area, I was able to change into the cozy white terry cloth robe.  Then on to the relaxation room where I lounged around sipping ice-cold water with slices of lemon and eating grapes.  As I dozed off into oblivion, I heard my name being called by my masseuse with his lovely French accent.  It could not get any better than this... but it did. Andres, my masseuse, escorted me to my private massage room.  Perfectly dimmed lights and soft music playing in the background sets the perfect tone for my massage. Then Andres begins the Restorative Massage Ritual.  In his French voice, he tells me what he is going to do step by step -- first, I will apply a full-body exfoliation then I will fineesh with a Swedish massage.....ahhh...music to my ears. Just as he described, he did the exfoliation and applied very warm moist towels to scrub away the exfoliation cream.  Then, he proceeded to do the massage with a rich, buttery cream that left my skin feeling like silk.  Just as I was fully relaxed and dozing off, Andres asks me "how du you feeeel?"  which is code for "it's over."  I reluctantly tell him "great," but what I REALLY wanted to tell him was "please don't stop now!!"  I could have stayed there another hour.  So, I slowly come back to reality and get back into my robe and Andres walked me back to the relaxation room.  I stayed there a few minutes to come down off the "massage cloud" and join up with my friend, who was also there to get her massage.  After about a half hour of comparing notes, we head out for a late lunch and some shopping.  It was a perfect girl's day out. I will be booking my next massage very soon!
Had a great experience here for Miami Spa Month - what a great deal and value!!! Arrival was easy, self parked and it was free!!  The lobby is divine, live harp music, assorted teas, fascinated wood work with cathedral clothed ceilings complete with gargoyles and gorgeous fire place and furniture. Spa was easy check-in, attendant provided a tour of the well-equipped facilities All nice and comfortable without being overstated or pretentious. Service was very good (facial with body exfoliation and moisturizing).  They used top-of-the-line Sothys products which felt and smelt wonderful!!! Everyone was really nice.  The spa was clean.  Comfortable relaxation area pre and post treatments.  Nice fresh fruits, snacks and tea service.  Comfy robes. All in all - a definite 5 star experience!!!
Very mixed experience at this spa. The massage was fantastic. The mani/pedi I would rank 5 out of 10. I asked for a buff only on nails and polish on toes. She left polish all over the toe and the polish itself was uneven. Even the buff was poorest I've ever had. The worst was the express eyebrow service. They were running about 20 minutes behind and in too much of a hurry. When I asked the front desk what it was; they just said the technician was the best. When I finally laid down, before I could even take a breath she had slapped wax on and ripped without asking anything. I have sensitive skin and react horribly to wax so I stopped her and said please tweeze the rest. Hours before a wedding I ended up with swollen eyelids that lasted for 48 hours. The manager did refund that service but I'd never use their spa for beauty services. Stick to massage only.
Great massages & able to use the fabulous pool after! Tilza is the best at eyebrows!!
I had a chance to try the Biltmore SPA during the Miami SPA Month and found the spa and ambiance to be quite nice. However amenities wise, the spa is lacking plenty. There isn't much to do before or after your treatment.  They have a tiny steam and sauna room that fits like 4-5 people max and the locker room is small.   there is no jacuzzi or hot tub.   They do have a very calming relaxation room and offer fresh fruits, hot tea (my favorite: chamomile citron), yogurt and ice water with lemon.   I had the restorative massage with Enrique, he was good and got all the tension out of my body.  But I found him to kind of sale pitching  the body scrub he was using on me during my treatment a little to much which i dont mind but it did kill my relaxation a little.  Other then that he has hands like a god because my muscles were relaxed and my skin was very soft. Overall (4/5) the staff was very accommodating and nice and the service i received was good but one star off for the lack of amenities and the slight discomfort i did get.
I had a gift card from the spa sitting in my wallet for 2 years, so I finally decided to make an appointment for spa month. Check in was easy, they immediately gave me a tour of the spa and its amenities (i.e. lounge area, locker room, a small table with fruits, teas, and water, and  the sauna) . As soon as I came out Liz greeted me for my treatment (She speaks both English & Spanish, which is surprisingly a rare find in the south Florida area.) She led me to her treatment room. It was extremely clean and clutter free, but she made sure to let me know that if it got too cold or hot or if I wanted to change the music to let her know. The products that she was going to use on me were already set up, so there wasn't any idle time spent waiting. At the end of the service she recommended some items that I can use at home, but it does not feel like product pushing. When I checked out she had left them with the receptionist and left my decision if I should but it or not at my discretion. Pro tip- try adding an extra service, the time went by faaaast and I left wanting more! As for the parking it was a bit of an issue since I drive a huge car and I was over stepping BOTH lines. But I won't knock of stars for that since it isn't part of the service lol
I saw Tilza for the first time 3 months ago and was beyond happy with my brows. They were thick and just perfect to my face shape. I went for the second time a few weeks ago, and results weren't the same. She waxed and over tweezed them way too thin and took out the hairs I had grown out for months. It's very pricey and I was not happy. Don't know if I'll be coming back
Tired? Stressed? Need to unwind? Well, then look no further than The Biltmore Spa; the perfect place to help melt away any iota of, well, anything! I've been here twice, both times because my husband bought me a spa package, and both times I loved him even more. The spa is on the 7th floor, and when the elevator doors open, you instantly feel relaxed. The spa has a very Asian influence to it- very minimalist- which contributes to it having a zen atmosphere. The ladies at the front desk are all very courteous and helpful, and they give you an itinerary for your day there. You are escorted to the changing room where  they give you a locker, and they give you a wonderful robe and slippers to change into. You can use, and are encouraged, to use the sauna and steam room before your appointments. They were very clean and relaxing, and although small, there weren't too many people using them. Also, it was nice to see there was always an attendant  checking to make sure everything was tidy and making sure everyone had what they needed. I had a massage, facial, manicure & pedicure, and style included with my package. The massage was wonderful- the masseuse was very courteous and professional. They have soothing sounds playing in a dimly lit room, and the exotic smells of lavender, jasmine, & other aromatherapy fill the room. After the massage I had a facial and although it may sound like an oxymoron, it was quite pleasant. The esthetician was gentle but thorough. At the end my face felt refreshed, rejuvenated and oh so smooth- and I didn't leave looking splotchy and red. The nail technician did a phenomenal job as well. She took her time and painted the nails so perfectly they didn't even look like they needed to be cleaned (but of course, she did). One thing I must say that I truly love and appreciate about this place is that no one tries to sell you a million of their products. The esthetician actually asked me what products I used because my face looked so well- and she never pushed selling any of the products to me (which I have so often been suckered into in other places).  At the end of the day, the one thousand and one things I had weighing me down were gone and I left feeling renewed, invigorated, and ready to face the other one thousand and one things that awaited me the next day.
I was excited to have received a gift card for a spa day at the Biltmore from the BF. It has been almost 2 years since I last had the Biltmore spa experience and they have done major renovations and upgrade. Before, the spa was located in the lower lobby, it had the dim lighting and a very traditional spa atmosphere. The new spa (not so new, it's been 2 years now), is located on the 7th floor of the hotel with an almost panoramic view of the city and natural light brightens the rooms. I know I've said about liking the dim spa atmosphere better but I've definitely changed my mind. Though it's bright, it's still private. And with the mood music playing throughout the spa, you really don't think about were you are. Upon arrival, the receptionist presents you with a printout of your spa schedule and the names of the therapists providing the services. Then, the locker room attendant brings you into the spa and give you a mini tour of the facility. She  then takes you into the locker room to give you the robes, slippers and a key for your assigned locker.   Once you've undressed and are ready be attended, you wait in the Relaxation Room to be called by the therapist. This is about the size of an average hotel room which they have wood lounger for the guest to lay down and each lounger is separated by curtains for privacy.  Right outside of the Relaxation Room, the spa has set a refreshment station to further help you get into the relaxing mood. The refreshment station offers fresh fruit, water, tea, coffee and trail mixes. I went for the Revitalizing Package and received a bamboo lemongrass body scrub (30min), deep tissue massage (70) and an European facial (60). The body scrub and the massage were done by the same therapist, Luce. She was amazing. The pressure was just right and she was great. She said she's been a massage therapist for over 17 years. If you ever get her, you're in good hands. With Andrea, I had a great facial and we chatted up the whole time. I had an awesome experience at the Biltmore Spa and cannot wait to go back.
This review is for Tilza and her brilliant eyebrow skills. The spa itself is gorgeous and welcoming and Tilza followed thru with the same warm inviting. Tilza explained to me where i needed to grow them and what shape was the most enhancing to my bone structure. She truly has an eye for perfection of the brow!!!
I saw that the Biltmore was one of the spas participating in Miami Spa Month. Unlike many of the other places, your $99 deal got you not one but TWO treatments: a 50 minute Swedish massage, and a 30 minute facial. Considering I could see the Biltmore from my dorm at UM, and lived so very close for four years but never actually managed to make it over there, this was an opportunity I just couldn't pass up. I made two reservations: one for myself, and one for my mother. I figured it wouldn't be much fun having a spa day by myself :) We got down there a few hours before our 3 pm appointments, so we could get complimentary passes to use the pool. We could've easily spent all day out there - it's nice that they let you have the passes if you have a spa appointment. When it came time for our treatments, we changed into our very comfy robes and slippers, and waited in the relaxation room to be called. She was whisked away for her facial, while I went to get my massage. My massage therapist (I believe her name was Robin) was very nice, and did a great job. I usually tense up when I get massages, but I felt completely relaxed the whole time (so relaxed that I fell asleep during my facial afterward, haha). After the massage, I went back to the relaxation room, which wasn't all that relaxing because a few women in there were chatting and laughing loudly the whole time. I can't afford this place with their regular prices, so I'm glad they participated in the Spa Month so I had the opportunity to visit. By the way, this was my mom's first spa experience... I think I've spoiled her ;)
Facials are the ultimate in relaxation and rejuvenation for me. Couple that with a head to toe message, and I truly am in heaven. I don't get to do this often, but I do like to treat myself when I can, and I am so pleased that I spent my hard earned money here. It was well worth it, and I am really looking forward to coming back. As soon as I walked in the door I was relaxed. The environment was very peaceful & the staff were very peaceful. The entire place just had that good energy feeling to it.  A rare thing indeed! Needless to say, the experience was fabulous and I got a complementary skin treatment because they were running a bit behind with me (like maybe 10 minutes, but I did not even notice it until they mentioned it :-) I was treated very well here and had a difficult time leaving.
I just have to say---I love this place. I wish I could live here. The service is perfection. The facilities are so clean and the smell everywhere is amazing. We went for a girls day and got manicures here. One of the best manicures ever- just look up their description. It's exactly how it sounds (I was in another world, staring out at the golf course and getting lava scrub massaged into my arms and hands. The steam room/sauna and everything here is just great. Highly recommend, and I can't wait to go back-
Perfection is the only way I can describe this place... seriously! My friends and I decided to take advantage of Miami Spa month and booked the 70 minute Swedish massage - which was well worth every penny. Obviously, the massage was amazing, but the staff and the atmosphere really put this place over the edge for me. Everyone is so nice and professional, and the spa has a wonderful relaxation room along with a snack bar filled with fresh fruit, yogurts and coffee/tea. When you're looking to treat yourself, this is the place to go.
This spa is top-notch quality. On arrival you recieve your day's itinerary and are pleasantly greeted by the front desk. Two years ago, I spent a mother's day with my mom at The Biltmore Spa and since then, I've been dying to return. I've had other spa treatments since then at varying locations and nothing has stood up to the quality at The Biltmore. My mom and I booked one massage, one facial, and one mani-pedi each. Both of us loved our treatments. Every specialist/technician was amazing and very therapeutic. The spa is very luxourious. They have a snack bar filled with fruits, varying snacks, bottled water, and flavored water. If you get a couples massage, you are also given a box of chocolates. Yummm. This spa will definitely surpass any expectations you may have of them.
I have been to all 3 incarnations of this Spa. They used to be in the first floor right by the gym. It was OK. Then they started remodeling and moved to the 10th floor. And finally to their final destination which is now the 7th floor. I have to say that by far this is the best of all 3 places. The place feels open, elegant and very relaxing. I had a facial and a massage planned for the day. My facialist was excellent and knowledgeable. I loved it!!! Then I went to the waiting area for my massage. The front desk lady told me that my masseuse had an emergency but they could accommodate me at 12:40 (it was 11:00 am). I had nothing planned for the day, so they gave me a lunch pass as well as a pool pass. I was very grateful for that detail. It was a spectacular day!!!
What a great place to chill at on a lazy Sunday. My friend and I came a bit earlier to check into the spa and got pool passes. They claim to have the biggest hotel pool in the states and I believe them! It's huge and heated! We laid out until our massage appt. The locker room is clean, modern and simple. There are changing rooms, showers, a sauna and steam room. They provide slippers and a robe. I love the cucumber + lemon water and the snack table in the hallway by the waiting room. The relaxation room is so nice and calming, there are lounge chairs with cloth dividers so my friend and I hopped into one with 2 chairs so we can chat and read magazines until our massage therapist came and got us. Our massage therapists were so cute and so sweet. My massage felt amazing and at the end, they gave us a box of chocolate. yum!!! The service here is awesome and I will definitely come back!
I was lucky enough to spend my honeymoon at the Biltmore Hotel this past week.  Although I am not really a spa person, everything about the Biltmore was so incredible that I had to check it out! Since I have no desire to get a massage (I know, I am strange), I decided to call up on a whim on Wednesday afternoon to see if I could book a manicure.  I was invited up to the 7th floor spa immediately!  After checking in at the desk and being handed a copy of my "itinerary" (LOL!), I sat in the salon waiting area located within the spa shop.  Naturally, the spa sells many of the products they use on the premises, plus some cute jewelry, books, t-shirts, etc.   Less than 5 minutes later, I was greeted by Irma, my nail tech, who was the sweetest woman ever.  She escorted me to the salon and offered me a beverage.  Her manicure skills were excellent, and being used to the Jersey nail salons, I so LOVED seeing her open BRAND NEW implements right in front of me!!!  The Biltmore Spa's own mango scrub and lotion were divine (and, of course, available for purchase - but no one pushed the products, which was really nice).  When it was time for my nails to dry, I was escorted to the famed "relaxation room", which deserves its own paragraph. Imagine a peaceful room with relaxing music playing, fully equipped with a pretty fountain, comfortable chairs and lounges resembling beds to enjoy.  No noise, no distractions,  Just time to relax.  What a concept!  I read a book about feng shui while my nail color dried, and enjoyed a lovely spread of fresh fruit, chocolate-covered pretzels, and lemon water.  So refreshing! I think it is worth pointing out that even though I merely booked a $40 manicure and not a full-day massage session, I was advised to utilize the relaxation room and the sauna for as long as I wanted.  As a hotel guest, I already had pool access. 18% gratuity was added on, but I was happy to pay it - and the cashier even advised that it could be adjusted upwards or downwards if I desired. I would definitely return for another manicure, and encourage all of you spa lovers to visit the Biltmore for all of your spa needs!
I loveee the Biltmore spa.  The hotel itself is gorgeous so it's always a pleasure to be on the premises.  It is a really relaxing experience.  I have gotten massages from Alicia and she is 1 in a million.  The aromatherapy massage is just ahhh... perfect! The locker room area is very nice and well kept, there's also a sauna and steam room available.
Nice place to relax in. Friendly . I had the couple-massage with my hosband and it was great! The place is very clean and relaxing and I will come back again. The only thing I did not like is the noise from another room while I was in therapy.
I love this place. When I'm there, I never want to leave. I always imagine security escorting me out because I refuse to go home. Today we had a girlfriend spa party there...8 girls in the Zen suite for four hours. It was AH-MAZING! It had two of their comfy chaise loungers, a table with four chairs, full ammenity bar, jacuzzi tub, hot sauna, bathroom, a million head shower and two massage tables for facials or massages. We brought our own champagne, and they brought us buckets of ice to put them in. We ordered room service for lunch, and the food was all great. Oh yeah, and they decorated the suite with rose petals and balloons because I told them we were celebrating a birthday. Overall, it was an incredibly relaxing day with the ladies and the staff were all great to us. Besides the Zen suite today, I have been to this spa five other times for various services. The staff are all very friendly and every massage and facial I have gotten here have been at the top of my best list. The atmosphere is calm and relaxing...they have tranquil music piped into the air and water fountains trickling away. The steam room and dry sauna in the locker room are awesome. Did you know you can burn up to 900 calories in a 30 sauna session?? I do, because they display that info for you in the locker room. Their prices are a bit high, but pretty typical for a spa of this quality. Most 70-minute services cost between $150-$200 plus gratuity. However, they almost always have some sort of spa promotion deal if you ask! Also, having a spa service entitles you to also get a gym pass for the day, and they do have a great gym with good classes. Overall, this place has become my mommy sanctuary. It will always be a special place for me.
Spa Month is second only to Miami Spice as my favorite time of the year and the Biltmore is of course second to none. I headed out here with two girlfriends for a day of pure relaxation.  We arrived for our appointment about 10:30 a.m. and headed to the seventh floor spa. We checked in and were escorted to our robes and a small tour of the facilities, which are just beautiful.  The fruits, water and coffee bar station is a nice touch - loved the chocolate covered pretzels! The staff is incredibly professional and just plain nice. I hate going to a spa and being sold on products and this was definitely not the case here, gaining them major points in my book. I had the Babor Regenerating Facial, which was 70 minutes and absolutely decadent.  I think I fell asleep at one point! My friends also raved about their massage when we met up in the relaxation room later. Feeling and looking radiant, we changed into our suits and headed downstairs for lunch and a dip in the phenomenal pool. (You can ask for a complimentary day pass when using the spa). You'll feel a thousand miles away while here and thousand times better when you're back home.
Biltmore's Spa provides excellent massages.  They leave you in a waiting area until you are called in.  You can help yourself to some fruits, water and tea while you relax in the comfy chair.  Then you are called in for your massage.  I went with a group of friends and we compared notes. We had different experiences but in the end the massage was excellent.  I will go back again soon.
I heart spa days. And I heart spa days even more when I'm at the Biltmore Spa. I went there not once but twice this summer during Miami Spa Month because it's really that spectacular. During the first time, I went with a couple of girlfriends for a day of relaxation and girl-talk by the pool.  It was pure bliss. The ambiance at the spa is just perfect.  They lend you these soft, plush robes and slippers, and delightful assortment of snacks and refreshments are available before and after your treatment.  I booked the 70-minute massage, which was much needed after a stressful couple of months at work, and it was marvelous.  Of course, no visit to the Biltmore is complete without a visit to its magnificent pool (you get a day-pass to the pool when you use the spa).  It was a cloudy day but that didn't stop us from having lunch at the poolside restaurant, followed by a few drinks in the pool. It was simply a fabulous day. About six weeks later, my face decided to freak out on me, and for some reason or the other, it started to get really dry. Nothing was working and then I remembered my friend raved about her Babor Refreshing Facial at Biltmore. I immediately made an appointment for the following day after work, and it was so worth it. My face felt - and looked - fantastic after the facial. I loooooved it .... so much so that I am definitely returning for another facial even after Miami Spa Month is long done.
Wonderful ambiance, staff, and services. Beautiful location, great views, and the treatments are to die for! Would definitely recommend either a Bliss mani/pedi (they massage you with hot stones and add a super amazing paraffin treatment!) or a Signature Chardonnay massage (smells like heaven)! You can call anytime and they will pretty much always try to fit you in (which is great for last-minute always late people like me)! They offer massages, facials, manicures & pedicures, body wraps, scrubs, soaks, and have a full service salon!! BTW they only use Kerastase products so you know your hair will look amazing!!
Got a day pass for $50. Used the sauna, steam bath, and showers. They had nice fresh fruit, snacks, coffee, and tea to enjoy. I love saunas, so I was an easy customer. It is very zen. I went on a weekday and it was me and one other person for 3 hours.
I LOVE the spa. I love everything about it. The relaxing yet depressing music that's played, the smells, the SILENCE...sigh, the silence is golden for me, and of course, those angels that massage me like I'm a piece of play dough ( I rather think of myself as play dough rather than a raw piece of cow meat  ). But, there is just something about The Biltmore Spa that sets it apart from any other! My first time here for a full spa day was a birthday/pregnancy gift from my husband 4 years ago. I've been coming every year ever since ( for my birthday, not pregnancy!!). It is quite pricey but so worth it. The entire floor smells incredible. The smell is so intoxicating that you'll want and won't care to overspend on several of the tiny tea lights they sell for $10. just so that your house can capture a glimpse of what it feels like to be here. I've had an amazing experience every time. The therapists are extremely professional. I've had a different one every time and they've all been equally great! They barely talk, which to me is the best thing they can do. They make sure to target every area you have problems with. The manicure/pedicure area is equally pleasant with the same sense of tranquility all throughout. The waiting area is a waiting area where you won't mind waiting for a long time, although you will not since they are very good with keeping track of the schedule. They have refreshments, coffee, tea, fruits, little pastries, etc. for you to enjoy. If you're doing a facial, you will not have to worry about coming out of it looking like you just got beaten up. They do it in a very effective, yet gentle way where you won't have any marks afterward. If booking an entire day, lunch can be included and you'll be able to use the entire facility, including the pool and gym after you are done at the spa, for as long as you want. This place REALLY DOES live up to its reputation! Note: If you don't want to spend a lot but would still like to experience this heavenly place, wait for Miami Spa month which happens during the months of July & August. They usually participate with $100 treatments/packages.
The Biltmore couples massage was awesome!! My husband and I did the 70 min couples massage and enjoyed every minute. We arrived about 30 min. early to relax and wind down in their relaxation room, where we enjoyed teas, coffee, fruits, and pastries. We then let our bodies escape into the clouds with a wonderful massage!!! Afterwards we were allowed to use the steam room, sauna, and showers. I would highly recommend for any couple needed to relax and enjoy some "we time!"
Gorgeous spa!  A must experience.  Tilza is the best eyebrow artist I have ever encountered.  The staff were pleasant and very helpful.  It is pricey, but you will definitely get what you pay for.
i went back to biltmore spa about one month ago with my 2 cousins, one was the blushing bride, for some pre wedding day pampering. they were running a promotion- book one 70 min trmt, get a 30 min trmt free. but it was only mon-wed. i asked if they would honor it on thurs, especially since it was christmas eve and i cannot imagine they would be too crowded that day. they said no, flat out. didnt even care when i basically begged. lack of customer service for a repeat customer made them drop a star. we booked our 70 min trmts anyways. they got massages i got a detox wrap (which included a scalp and foot massage). i was super hungover that day from the rehearsal dinner at anacapri and absolutely way too much champagne, and this wrap was just what i needed. first an exfoliation, then mud massaged all over me, then wrapped up in a heated cocoon. then shower. then moisturizing renewing firming cream massaged all over. pure bliss! and btw this wrap is supposed to be a slimming wrap as well. i never believe that crap but i think im a believer now, my strapless bridesmaid dress that had just been custom tailored the day before was super loose on me. like at least 1 inch on each side couldve been taken in. anyways the biltmore continues to be a great spa and convenient location for me. the snack bar is awesome, those chocolate covered pretzels are addictive. and its overall a super pleasant experience for some great r & r!!
Though I am not a spa expert by any stretch of the imagination I truly enjoyed this experience. The Biltmore has always held a special place in my heart with its beautiful golf course, pool and general architecture. The hotel's class mixed with a sleek spa made for a lovely combination. It is located up stairs with lots of windows to allow for sunlight to pour in. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Though they seemed very careful to not speak too much or too little. They escort you through the spa and bring you to the locker rooms to change into a robe and slippers while you wait for your appointment. The locker rooms are spotless with brushes, lotions, razor blade, showering cap and lots of other little toiletries you may require. I enjoyed relaxing in the sauna between appointments. It wasn't big or anything but cozy. They have music playing through out the spa and it changes up from time to time. The waiting room was charming with reclining chairs where you can read a magazine, sip on your tea and nibble on some snacks. They had the most delicious strawberries the day I went. Over all I would recommend this place for a little pampering time.
Well 3.5 stars... Really nice place but the service wasn't all that great for the price.  I booked 2 massages, my massage sucked - it was by this skinny little girl her massage felt like she was just touching me.  I'm used to guys but they only have women massagers.  Anyhow, it wasn't for my birthday so I didn't complain much but I could have just saved my money and gotten something else, or they should have put me with a stronger woman since they knew I was used to men.  Anyhow, the waiting area is nice and peaceful they have fresh fruit and great tea.  My bf's massage was great though, he had the deep tissue.  Oh and by the way the don't give you chocolates unless you get the couple massage.
Of course this place is amazing and getting any spa services includes hotel amenities which makes it worth it alone but my massage was a total let down. I came here because i need a serious massage and they had a march promotion of 99.00 for a Chardoney massage but my masseuse Andre had the lightest touch. I thought he was just warming up but when he told me to turn over i realized he wasnt. It was disapointing but overall a great experience because the place is spectacular.  Oh well.
I just went to a bridal shower here and can not wait to go back. I love love love the free parking lot compared to other large hotel spa at the beach. The hotel and the grounds are just beautiful. The spa staff was very friendly and professional. I enjoyed the relaxation room a lot. It really got me in the mood. I went for the deep tissue massage and a quick facial. Both of my treatments were great. Definitely recommend this spa and would love to go back soon.
So I came here thanks to Miami Spa Month. Got an awesome deal ($99 for a 50 min massage & 30 min facial). The amenities were spectacular. I loved the serene waiting room and I liked the fresh fruit & drinks they provided while you waited. The staff was highly professional. After my services I relaxed in the sauna & then took a dip in that beautiful pool. Ahhhh..I wish I could have stayed the entire weekend!
The massage I had were amazing both times. When i went for the second time I had both mani-pedi and a massage. The Mani Pedi was not worth the money AT ALL! They dont even clean your cuticles. The spa itself is very beautiful and relaxing and the staff is great.
I got a weekend " spa" get away with my husband for our 2nd year anniversary . The hotel is beautiful, the food is amazing and the service in any of the restaurants or pool is one of the best i have seen. Now let s talk about the service of the front desk..... we were supposed to receive a VIP welcome, well the girl just gave me an envelope saying all  explanations are inside ( well I guess your job is not to get me through with my questions, sorry to bother you ). Now let s concentrate about the spa ( we reserve a massage for my husband and myself), they welcome you very nicely and escort me to the deluxe spa suite ... very nice , my husband had to wait to a regular bedroom . then your masseuse come to escort you to a regular bedroom where they pushed out the sofa and chair to install your massage bed....there are no candle, no smell no ZEN atmosphere . At least my masseuse put her Ipod to have relaxing music my husband got the radio ( Horrible) . I have nothing to say against my massage it was very good, my poor husband wished his was only 10 mins instead of 50 mins . it was for him the worst spa experience ever ( we do a lot of spa around the world ) . Come on guys.... when you see the rate you apply ( $140 for a 50 mins swedish massage, i think we can expect more from a luxurious hotel like the biltmore!! Now i need to make it up to my husband !!!! :) In conclusion : the hotel and food is amazing , the spa ...never again !!
I came here expecting an AMAZING relaxing experience and left with a sour taste in my mouth and with my bank account wishing it would have never WASTED (because that's what this experience was) that amount. First of all we got there and were escorted by an older man whom from the beginning was rushing us to change into a robe. I got in and as I was putting away my clothes in the locker, I hear this man screaming my name so that I would hurry and get out. Then he is rushing us to our room making me feel stressed out because during the short walk to the room he was checking his phone saying we we were late. I quickly told him "I was told to come at this time" and he said "well you were told wrong and now you are late so hurry". I then said "I feel more stressed now than how I came here" and he added "ooooh you are? (In a condescending way) I felt so insulted, I asked to speak to the manager. HOW DARE HE rush me. As I was walking towards the reception area I heard him yell he would talk to the manager and I ignored him. The sweet receptionist helped me immediately while this older man told her "she says she feels STRESSED" I was boiling. Then the helpful manager came out and accommodated us with a later time for our massage. We were escorted by the manager to our room and waited for the our massage therapists to come in. When we hear the old man knock on the door and say "ARE YOU READY?" I knew it was him. Then he comes in and expects to give me a massage after that condescending attitude and ridiculing treatment he gave us earlier. We refused and the manager helped us once again. We were given a champagne bottle complimentary for our STRESSFUL experience. The massages were okay, the ambience was okay but for the amount of money you are paying, you expect better service, pool usage (which you are not allowed to use) and a much more stress less transition. I will not come back here or recommend this place to anyone. And 20% gratuity is included! Thank goodness I wasn't stuck to that rude man, he would have gotten my money and probably left me with torticollis. Two stars were given because the manager was helpful and the therapists were very nice!
I would give it 3 and 1/2 if I could but since I really liked my masseuse I'll let her bump it up. I went for a deep tissue massage and a scalp massage. As I said I really liked my masseuse, she was friendly, quiet and professional. The thing I did not like about the spa was that I thought it would be higher quality. The changing room was ok but when you looked closely you could see little things like see the grout needed to be cleaned and the shower heads were rusty etc. Also, I don't know if it's because I went on a Saturday but people would just throw their towels down wherever like in the steam room and they we not picked up so the changing rooms we messy. Water was not refilled and lastly the towels, and robes looked like the towels at 24 hr fitness. They we thin, old and dingy. My biggest pet peeve was that they leave you to wait in the "relaxation" room which is a tiny packed room with reclining chairs and a drape for "privacy". It's not very relaxing or soothing when it's so full and people are talking really very loudly. Over all, I think the actual service was really good but the spa itself and the 'relaxing environment' needs some attention. There are other spas that are better taken care of, bigger and offer the same services for the same price. In terms of convinience for the gables, I guess it's good and they do let you use the pool but make sure it's not on a weekend because it's very very packed.
