This is the worst place ever in Miami!!!!!!! I took an appointment for 11am and had to wait ONE HOUR for the haircut to finally come!!! As i have light blond hair, I have asked for a golden blonde as the famous actress Blake Lavely, i believe it is really natural and classy.... AND YOU KNOW WHAT???? i  got out from the hair salon 7 HOURS LATER with BROWN HAIR!!!!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE. During this 7 seven hours, she almost burst my eyes with her comb, pulled my hair so much as she did not care, put water on my eyes when doing shampoo,had an ENORMOUS HAIR KNOT that took forever to fix it and beside this have to deal with this unfriendly people for this whole time!! This is the worst experience ever!! Sincerely, i am never going back to this place again i am advising people to be patient and ready for the disaster.
I am writing this based on my phone call to the salon last weekend.   I've been searching for a salon where I could have a combo appointment, acrylics, cut, blow out (and maybe color).   To begin the web site is not working.  For that reason I called to get more info.   The lady who answered the phone was so rude when I mentioned the web site, but I overlooked it.  As soon as I said word "acrylic", she cut me off saying "we don't do acrylics here"....no sorry, no excuse me, and with such a dismissive tone of voice that I was left with no choice but to thank her and hang up.   Forget about the cut and blow and color.   I can only imagine if this is the attitude by phone....what the attitude must be in person. No thanks.....I'll take my business elsewhere.
GREAT MANI/PEDI! I went for a mani/pedi service I bought on Groupon.com and it was great.  The lady Osvelia (I think that's her name), was very nice & sweet.  Great service.  Will I go back and pay the full price...I don't know.  But overall it was great! Thanks!
I'm a long time resident of the Central area I travel quite frequently for work; as some of you may know customer service in Miami is not always up to par nor our best asset as a touristic town compared to other cities in the nation and/or abroad. I've landed at the Roberto Giordano Salon by coincidence and at the hands of my dearest Patricia whom with her exceptional hair cutting skills and vast expertise, having been educated with Vidal Sassoon won my out most respect and will forever be a follower of her technique. She is by far, one of the most caring hair stylist I've met and always very professional and highly committed to her customers satisfaction. Although I am part of the their Blush program membership, and not always blow out my hair with her (she has her own technique, which in my opinion doesn't damage your hair as other hair drying), I only cut and/style my hair with her and no one else! I truly recommend Patricia to cut your hair! She's amazing and you will love her as much as I do!
NEVER AGAIN!!!! I have been going to this place for 2 years now and was probably one of their most loyal customers. I referred over 5 people to change their haircut place to go to this one. I hope you understand I was extremely disappointed if I have to write a review like this. I HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE! I originally scheduled a 5:00 PM appointment, which made me leave work early so I could make it. Once I am on my way I get a phone call telling me they are running late and if I minded coming back at 6:30PM. Knowing I had a dinner at 7:30 PM I made sure to ask the caller if she was 100% sure it was not going to be any later because I had a dinner. As I get to the Roberto Giordano their Valet parking is full because obviously it is rush Hour. I have to find another parking around the block and pay $10 assuming I would get it reimbursed. Already upset from all the drawback I walk in Roberto Giordano to go to my appointment. No one inside greets me it's as if I was transparent. I decide to engage the conversation and say I am here for my 6:30 PM appointment. Without even telling me anything the manager tells me to sit not knowing what I was waiting for... ...time passes and at 6:50PM I finally get someone to wash my hair. (great shampoo, I have to admit!). Once the shampoo is done, my hairdresser still isn't done with her client. I wait an extra 10 minutes when I decide it is enough and I have to leave for my dinner. I get up and go to the reception not making a scandal just asking to get my parking reimbursed (the least they can do after making me wait for 2 hours and 10 minutes). The very cocky manager seeing it was not from their lot (which was full tells me he can not reimburse me). That was enough to make me explode I tell him if you don't reimburse me the 10 dollars I will never come back, to which the manager answer was: "OK don't come back". I left and will never come back I told all my friends that were going there never to go back and they wont. What a lack of customer service. Go to this place only if you have over 2 hours free! From best to worst. I now go to Trini across the street where everyone is very friendly, they greet you with a drink and cut your hair just as good even better.
I was tired of going to the same hairdresser, asking for different types of cuts, and getting the same exact cut everytime. Leaving $50 short and dissapointed for the last time, I decided it was time to go to a new salon where they could give me a fresh, sexy cut while still listening to what I wanted. After weeks of telling myself it was time for a cut, I finally checked on the savior of all problems, YELP!! Roberto Giordano came out in the top 5. It's close to where I work by so I called in and they scheduled me an appointment for that same day. You know you've arrived when you walk in to the huge sign and electro music blasting. You take the elevator to your right (that is full of mirrors, which is perfect for all the vain people like moiiii who like to stare at themselves after hair cuts). You end up in this lofty open space that is over looking brickell. I let them know I was there for my appointment. My new hairdresser Damian, IMMEDIATELY came out. No waiting, yayyy! He asked me what I wanted done and got to washing my hair with two different types of shampoos. I wanted side bangs, layers, but most importantly to keep my long hair length. Well... check, Check, and CHECK!!! He parted my hair in pieces and made sure the right side was always the same length as the left side. Precision, love it. He also blow dryed it and did these curls at the bottom. It was so perfect. I left feeling like a hair model. The price was a little expensive. $95 in total. But considering hair cuts occur every 3 to 6 months and I left so happy, I considered it well worth it. I can guarantee I'll keep coming back
Walk-Ins welcome is music to my busy little ears. I've called Robert Giordano for days throughout the past two weeks and asked if they could take a walk-in. And every time they've been friendly and helpful. I finally called AND made it in and sure enough I was welcomed as soon as I walked-in. Angie, is a nice stylist. She is young, understands what you need and makes light-hearted, easy conversation. Often, the stylists' social nature is equally important to their technical skills.
My first "real haircut", I tried Roberto Giordano because I was tired of spending $20 for a haircut at Supercuts and walking away PISSED that they screwed up my hair, yet again. I walked in, met with Paola, told her I wanted something cool and modern, i gave her free reign to do whatever she wanted, and she did a GREAT job! I recommend using Paola on your visit. My first time in a real salon like this, what a great experience it was. They offered me a beverage, I got one of those really nice soothing shampoo treatments (felt more like a massage. haha). And then let Paola cut my hair however she wanted. My wife loved it and Ive had a bunch of compliments since I got it. People say I look younger than before! Not too bad for a haircut. They're also pretty reasonably priced. They didnt break the bank for me, and the overall experience was so positive I didnt mind spending a little more than usual.
This review is for the other 367 people who also purchased the travelzoo deal for the mani and pedi. Their deal states, "A complimentary glass of red or white wine. With this deal, receive a 30-day membership to Blush, the salon's blow-out program. Membership includes shampoo and blow-outs for only $15 per service (normally $40), 10% off all hair services and 15% off retail hair products." 1. I was only offered water or soda, no wine as stated. 2. The 30-day membership is only valid IF YOU PAY FULL PRICE FOR THE FIRST BLOW-OUT.  When I pointed out to the receptionist that no where was it stated on the deal. She replied, "Well, our regular customers know this." I was visiting from California and therefore am not a regular. I left disappointed with a useless travelzoo blush membership that I can't ever use.
I'm a diehard RG fan. Found them on Groupon and never stopped coming back. The Blush membership is a great deal too. The staff is efficient and professional. Great blow dries, great mani pedis. They do your blow dry at the same time as your nails so you're in and out. Feels much more upscale than it costs. They use quality products (Kerastase, Goldwell, Essie, OPI). Janette and Yurdakis are the bomb for mani/pedis. They last forever. I make sure to tip well because they don't charge what they're worth.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  All I can say is that Emiliano is a FREAKIN' GENIUS!  That man is soooo talented with hair its ridiculous.  He can make your hair look so fabulous you will want to pinch yourself.  He has blow dried, cut and colored my hair and each time I just wanted to hugh him.  And, I have been to upscale salons before (Oribe) and whole in the walls (Xtreme IV).   Recently, he died my hair from blonde to brunette and I absolutely LOVED it.  Not only me, but my family as well.  My husband adores my new look and cant stop looking at me.  Thanks Emiliano!  You're awesome! Also, they do great pedicures and Indira does a really good job with eyebrows.  And, btw walk ins r welcomed.  What is not to love??
For a looooong time I have been wanting to get my hair cut but was always afraid to go back to a salon.  The last time I went to a salon I told the hair dresser that I did not want to get my hair cut too short and before I can finish he cut my hair at shoulder length.  Anyway as a dancer it is important for me to have my hair long and healthy.  Well, my roommate had recommended this place and being that it is only a block from were I live I decided to go in today. The place is really nice.  Everyone at the salon is so friendly.  I asked for Damian Lopez since he is the one that my roommate recommended.  As soon as I saw him he asked me what I wanted and gave me suggestions.  I then was taken to get my hair washed (Loved that! I almost fell asleep).  Damian explained to me what I should do with my hair with out cutting too much.  He then asked if I wanted my hair diffused.  What I loved about it is that as he was diffusing my hair he was explaining to me how I should do it at home and what I should do to keep my curls looking radiant ;-). I ABSOLUTLY LOVE MY NEW HAIRCUT.  I finally found a place where they actually pay attention to what I want. My bill came to about $85.00 but it was worth it! If you go, ask for Damian.  He is awesome!
I'm a diehard RG fan. Found them on Groupon and never stopped coming back. The Blush membership is a great deal too. The staff is efficient and professional. Great blow dries, great mani pedis. They do your blow dry at the same time as your nails so you're in and out. Feels much more upscale than it costs. They use quality products (Kerastase, Goldwell, Essie, OPI). Janette and Yurdakis are the bomb for mani/pedis. They last forever. I make sure to tip well because they don't charge what they're worth.
Aside from the new girl at the front desk giving me completely wrong directions to get to the salon, which was really inconvenient because it was pouring rain and I was wearing a white top and four-inch heels, I had a very good experience at Roberto Giordano. Indira shaped my brows to perfection in a pleasantly quiet little private room with big windows and a softly ticking clock. Then Gavin took care of my hair, giving me unbelievably subtle, thorough highlights and a very stylish cut that managed to keep my length while adding layers. I felt very pampered over the several hours I was there, with plenty of eye candy magazines to thumb through and some very delicious coffee. The prices were surprisingly reasonable and the results speak for themselves. This place has excellent reviews for a very good reason. If you're looking for an upscale salon experience in a cool part of town, Giordano is a good choice.
Patricia Barone. She is the reason why I come back and don't look anywhere else. She will make sure you leave happy and satisfied with your fresh cut. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. Not cheap but worth every penny.
Just left Roberto Giordano's salon and I'm feeling pretty, so pretty.  I finally got a cut that totally flatters my face and doesn't require a whole team to maintain.   Dee, my most awesome stylist and new BFF was very professional and thoughtful when matching a cut and color to my face and personal style.  Thanks to Dee, today is a good hairday.
I went for my first time yesterday and loved it! Parking wasn't a big deal, I parked across the street. The staff was very friendly from the second I walked in and Jennessa did a great job with my hair! She took her time with me and made sure I was getting exactly what I wanted done to my hair. Definitely recommend her!
My new found salon Haven!!! I am so excited to have found this place!!!  From the moment I called over the phone until the moment that I left the salon, it was an AMAZING experience.  This is truly what a salon should be.  A place were you go to get more pretty and just feel great about getting there.   Not only did I go for a haircut for myself but also for my two year old.  He did an amazing job with my baby and to perfection. It must be mentioned that my Son was not the most cooperative.  Regardless, BEN was GREAT!!!!  He was sweet and caring and actually understood what my moody little man was demanding. I practically had to beg & drag my husband there for help with our toddler and once he got there, he loved it!!!  He even took me for a glass of wine after-wards.... LOOOOL!!!   Ben will definitely remain as our family Hair Dresser.  My Husband even told me he was regretful that he was not due for a haircut. Thank You Ben!!!!  See you AGAIN soon!!!! Love, Jillian & Timo P.S. - I also LOVED how the staff came around to help to entertain Timo when he was being "Difficult".  Very much noted!!!
The first American outpost of the widely famous & professional salon from South America. They have locations in Buenos Aires, Lima, Caracas, Santiago, Bogota, and so on... and this is the Latin American equivalent of TONI&GUY (I couldn't think of a better example at the moment). Prices are standard, ambience are nice, stylists are friendly and skilled - and they took my concerns well. And they make it even better by having a rewards program - come often enough and you can get free services.
This girl's hair was in desperate need of some TLC, so after reading so many reviews decided to give this salon a try. First off....I love brickell...so this salon has the perfect location...right smack in the middle of all the action! Once I walked in I was gladly greeted by the receptionist and right away my stylist came out..her name is Maria Jose. She is so nice! Just started working  four months ago. Let's just say I came out looking fabulous! My hair is so shiny, soft and manageable. She gave me a great cut, color and blow dry. At the last minute I decided to get my eyebrows waxed and had no problems being squeezed without an appt. Yes, it is a bit expensive but is totally worth it. I'm thinking of going back to get some highlights.
So only a few weeks after I got my hair done at RG, I saw on Groupon that they were offering a deal for a massage. I hadn't had one since February so I decided to purchase the offer. Only a few days later, I called to schedule my massage as I had a cold and my entire body was very achy. They promptly had an opening the same day. I went to the massage and the room was extremely awkward. First of all, it doesn't give you the relaxing feel. You can hear the music from outdoors playing the entire duration of the massage, not to mention everyone yapping outside the room. Now onto the massage, it was NOT very good at all. I had severe pains and he did not get any of my knots out. It wasn't something that I could tell him to put more pressure as his overall techniques were not working at all. I could just tell he was not very experienced and it was just a really awkward massage. I ended up going to the Icon brickell where I live and getting a massage directly after this one. I will definitely never purchase a massage here and wouldn't recommend it. Better luck going to Icon down the street as I am NEVER disappointed there.
I really like coming to this salon.  I don't have "the" hairstylist yet... and i still keep hoping that i'll find one i connect to to act as my haircut therapist for those magical 45 minutes every three months... but no luck.  but you know what makes up for it?  cappuccinos and sauvignon blanc.  works every time.  every single time.  muahah.   now... on to the other side of the salon... my favorite part.... the nails!  Obeyda is amazing and sweet and awesome.  And excellent at her job.  I love coming in and catching up with her and getting OPI "i'm not really a waitress" maroon all over my fingers and toes.  :).  super modern loft space too... and did i mention cappuccinos and sav blanc?? Only negative comment is that they are hard to book sometimes.
Had my hair done by the beautiful Laura Cozar.  Totally changed my look upon request to a very European clean cut.  Left her a very generous tip and I'm definitely coming back...
I went to the Roberto Giordano salon for a living social deal I purchased which included a kerastase chronologiste hair treatment (had no idea what that was) and a blow dry. After checking out several reviews online I decided to purchase the special and check it out. I have to say I had a great experience. To start off, I was almost 30 minutes late to my already late 6:15pm appointment and to say the least I was nervous about my reception. I soon as I arrive my stylist, Laura, was there to receive me with a friendly smile and as far as I could tell, no resentment or attitude for my tardiness. She was so sweet and welcoming I felt very relaxed at the salon. She even gave me a little massage while I waited for the treatment to seep into my hair. The blow-dry she gave me was fabulous! My hair hasn't look this good in years. My hair was shiny, manageable and beautiful. I will definitely be going back to the salon even though the prices are a bit expensive. Sometimes you just have to pay extra for the job to be done right! I highly recommend this salon and ask for Laura when you go!
Came here after my sister-in-law had an amazing blow out for a wedding and some research I had done for highlights. Cristian is amazing!! Absolutely loved the end product and service! Will definitely be his new regular customer!
Ask for Patricia. Shes amazing!! And so sweet!! Best haircut I've ever had!! Worth every penny!!
Great mani-pedi!!! The salon is beautiful, and the staff is very friendly. The only thing is you HAVE to watch out for them thinning the polishes (as with any salon) it makes for chipping nails a few days later. Even after the chipping started I was still pleased with the quality of work done on my hands and feet, it's the quality of polish that needs work (I bring my own polish places now just to be totally sure unless you inspect the polish for any cracking or separating)
Great salon. Fabio is a maestro with scissors. What impressed me is that he really took the time with his initial consultation to understand what I wanted. Then guess what....he was able to deliver exactly what I was asking for. Best cut I've had in a while because he took the time during the cut to make sure he showed me HOW we were achieving what I asked for. What to go Fabio! I'll definitely be coming back!! Couldn't give 5 stars because it was my first time but I'll update this review after my second visit, but the staff is friendly so they are on pace to getting that 5th star shortly!!
Just showed up for my 5:00 pm appointment and "someone cancelled it". No explanation. No offer to somehow make up for the mistake. I knew I shouldn't have given them a second chance.
Just had the best haircut of my life with Sylvanna and thought I would share my experiences going to this salon. From mani pedis to hair color these guys are amazing!
Had a mani pedi here a month ago.   Probably one of the longest lasting manis I have ever had.   Only disappointment was that I had to wait 35 min for my appt that I was on time for because they were running behind ( came here with a friend and because of the wait we couldn't sit together)
Amazing salon.  I just went in for a manicure/pedicure but loved the whole experience.  I didn't get the name of the lady that did my nails, but she was awesome.  Fast, precise and not overly chatty. Easy to make an appointment and they have pretty late appointments available in case you want to pop in after work.  The rest of the salon looks amazing, I would definitely try it out for a hair cut!
Today was my first time at the salon - very nice!  I went there for my stylist, Patricia.  She is the best!!  She always takes her time and cuts my hair perfectly.  If you are perfectionist about your hair - definitely see Patricia!
I've never been one to get my nails done every two weeks but I found someone that does good enough nails for me to drive from Westchester to Brickell. After reading some reviews I found a few ladies that mentioned "Obeyda". Nothing but good things about her. So off to Robert Giordano's I went, armed with my expired Groupon. They honored it with no problem for the base price. The shellac mani is $35. It might be expensive but I find it totally worth it since it's scratch- and chip-free for more than two weeks. Obeyda is a sweetheart. Very courteous and completes the job in 20 MINUTES. Today was my second visit and upon arrival, just like the last time, she attends to me immediately. The girls at the front desk are also a pleasure. To say the least I'm pleased with my manicure.
I've been here for manicure twice, and so far so good. I went without an appointment and they were able accommodate me both times. The staff is nice and friendly, and my manicures had lasted for more than a week. They also have a good selection of nail polishes.
Unfortunately my experience was not what I expected. Me and two of my girlfriends (All stay at home moms) bought a grupon and booked the three of us together to enjoy an afternoon off. It stared off wonderfully with a nice blonde receptionist taking our info and setting us up with our nail technicians. Then things went downward from there. My friends nail technician was visably ill leaving several times to go to the bathroom to thrown up. When my friend went to tell someone about this and find out if she could get a new person she was told there was "Nothing" they could do for her. This was just UNACCEPTABLE. This was not my friends problem to solve this was the staff at Roberto Giordano Salon to solve. After several rude back and forth arguments nothing was resolved. The owner was called in to no avail, he too was extremely rude and only after my friend insisted she has some type of service complimentary did he with bitter agreement give her a wash and blow out. This was suppose to be a wonderful day out for three hard working mothers who never get the chance to treat themselves to this luxury. But in the end it was a failed, disappointing day that ended in tears and frustration. We will never be returning to this establishment and although it may mean nothing I will do my all to spread the word of  our horrible treatment!
I needed to get some last minute highlights for a wedding, but my usual  salon (Trini) was booked so I decided to try out Roberto Giordano.  After checking the reviews on Yelp, I can validate that this salon earned the five starts.  I chose Paola to do my hair - she was super friendly, very experienced and did a FANTASTIC job!  I strongly recommend her.   Other than being a little overpriced (and charging for a glass of wine), I give this salon five stars.
Bought a Groupon deal for 3 blow outs.  I used to get my hair cut there with a hair dresser who has since opened up his own place, but was not sure what to expect since I had not used anyone else. Each time I went I had a different person do the blow out.  So I was amazed that all three of them were equally FANTASTIC!  Janessa, Laura, and a male hair dresser (can't remember his name, sorry!) each put their own twist on the style and it was fun to try different looks.  They were all personable and friendly, professional, and all did an exceptional job in a short period of time (one time I had to be in and out in 25 minutes, which she did, and the blow out still came out great).  The salon has some sort of membership where it is $15/blow dry out if you join. Am definitely going to check it out after having such a great experience.
Love this place. Found it on groupon and have been getting fabulous blow outs since then. I highly recommend it: professional staff, great location, amazing deals.
I am so happy to FINALLY have a hair stylist and salon that I love again!  Having moved from the North, and living here for 3 years, I could NOT find a stylist or salon I liked.  Finally, a stylist from my old salon in the North moved down so I was saved, for a year, until she moved back!  My husband recommended Giordano-since he knew them from Argentina.  I am thrilled!  The Salon is very nice and clean-it has a little bar and they offer you complimentary beverages when you arrive.  It's also a nice waiting area if you're early.  I brought a bagel, they made me a latte and I waited for my appointment!  On to my stylist-Emi, who I adore.  I completely lucked out.  When I first called, the girl on the phone recommended him and I feel like I struck gold!  He is amazing!  Super helpful, talented and fun to talk too.  He's not bad to look at either!  He's always given me the perfect cut and color.   I also get manis and pedis there.  I don't have a specific woman that I go to, I've had several and they are all wonderful!  Long lasting, quality pedis and they have a great color selection.   Prices are reasonable for this type of a salon-not cheap, but definitely not expensive...I think they are very fair.   Another positive is that they are great at accommodating last minute requests or walk-ins. Finally my search has ended!  Thank you Emi and Giordano!
I've been seeing Cristian and Lissie for bang trims the last couple of months and they fit me in the same day, after hours.  I love it. The salon is clean, beautiful and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  The prices are very good, especially for the great service.  5 stars for sure.
Friendly staff and appointments with ease.  My stylist is Cristian and he always does an amazing job. If you have blonde hair, then he is your go to guy.
Damian is the best hair stylist I've known. He did exactly and more than my hair needed. I moved to NY and I still go back to MIA for my cut. Long layers, off side bangs and with minimum hair product and no blow dry my hair looks spectacular .. If you are in doubt or sad about how you hair looks.. Go see Damian!
This is my hair salon. I go to Silvina, she is sweet, listens to whatever it is that you want, gives you her opinion and then does her thing. There's a restaurant inside, nail salon, tanning salon, spa...u name it. Excellent service. They also have events all year round with tons of nice specials.
What a mess, booked appt,showed up on time and they had no hairstylist for me. They tried to pass it off as "we have no record of your appt" yet i had a record of their reminder phone call. Had to return the nxt day. They comped the cut but highlights were over $100 on my short hair. I am left with the worst hair cut,
Love love love this place!  I purchased two vouchers: one from Living Social and one from Groupon.  Living Social offered a deal for a Kerastase Chronologiste treatment plus a blow-dry.  Groupon offered a package of three mani/pedi's with wine. My first appointment here was for the mani/pedi with wine.  From the moment I entered, I was greeted and asked to sit while my manicurist was informed of my arrival.  I was offered my wine right away, but decided to drink it while at the pedicure station.  My manicurist was Oveida and she was awesome!  She did both the manicure and pedicure in less than an hour!  I was shocked at how fast she worked and clean everything came out.  No cuts or smudging on my fingers and toes.  I already made my next appointment with her. The second experience I had was for the Kerastase treatment and blow-dry.  My beautician was Marleny.  Another great experience!  She offered me something to drink the moment I sat down at her station.  She walked me step by step on the treatment process.  My hair came out silky soft.  I asked to have my hair styles with lose curls and she did just that.  I was very happy. The salon has a membership called Blush.  You pay $10 a month and get to enjoy unlimited blow-dries for $15 each visit.  They also offer discounts for other services and products with the membership. I think I found my new salon.  :)  I can't wait to try their other services.
Damian is great. Super nice and listens. The salon is beautiful and modern. The prices are fair with upscale salons.
Okay, so I read the reviews and saw all the high ratings, decided to take an executive lunch (ha!) and get my 'do did at the salon.  Took the brickell loop metromover, got off on Tenth Street station and it's practically right under the station.  Walked in at 11:55 a.m. on a Friday no appointment, was seated at the hair washing station about 7 minutes later.  I have shoulder length hair, but I'm Dominican and it's very thick, not everyone knows how to deal with it (I'm talking about you Metamorphose Salon). Luckily, that was not the case here.  The stylist (lost the card -- darn it!)  blow dried and flat ironed -- but still left it with some body since i told her I hate limp hair --  in 45 minutes! And when I came back to work, everyone was complimenting me and asking me where I was able to get it done so well and so quickly. This will definitely become an every Friday routine!
This place is amazing! Very clean and professional. I wanted to color my hair blonder than it already is and Patricia told me the truth about my hair, that if I were to dye it any lighter the hair would become extremely damaged and she did not want that happening to my hair. I felt like I could really trust her because instead of taking my money and damaging my hair she took the time to tell me what would be best for me asthetically and health wise. Then, she gave me an amazing hair treatment that left my hair perfectly soft and gave me an incredible hair cut. Not only did she make sure she cut my layers to perfection making sure there wasn't a single strand longer than the other but she gave me an amazing blow dry and curls too! I love Patricia, she is so talented and professional. Will definitely be coming back.
Damian is awesome. Just had my 3rd cut from him. He is the type you can tell "do whatever" and it always comes out great
I love this salon from the minute u go up the elevator to the minute you walk out everyone is polite and nice I got a hair cut, blow dry and color by Emiliano his not only the best he's the owner and really nice  but everyone in the salon is nice, good environment deff coming back!!!
These people know how to cut and style hair!  Damian gave me the best haircut and blow dry I have ever had.  It will cost you more than a hair salon in the mall, but in my experience, it's worth it!
Both my husband and I got our hair cut here by Patricia she is amazing! Maybe the best haircut I have ever had. Cristian did my color and he too is very talented. We are new in town and feel blessed to have found such a wonderful salon!
this place is so conveniently located but  i wish it wasn't so pricey :/  However, they have numerous offers and coupons that help. Staff is attentive and professional. Its all very clean and organized. I went in this last time for a haircut smapoo and blowdry, using a couptessa coupon . Heard Gavin was good from this forum and so I went with him. He did a great job. Gives you great advice, cuts with cair, and is sooo niiccee. you can tell he enjoys what he does. Paid attention to my worries about keeping length.
I went in for a cut and highlights. When I called I specifically asked for a stylist that specializes in cutting fine hair as I have very fine hair.  The receptionist told me that she would.   I went in with a picture of the color and asked for long layers with the cut. When I was done everything look OK. I didn't get a true feeling of the cut and color until I did it myself. The highlights were done so far from the root that they look like they have been grown out for a month.  The cut was also done with short layers so my hair looks even thinner and stringy then before. I went back to the salon to see if they could address my concerns. The hairstyle Damian said there was nothing he could fix and acknowledged that the roots were colored and it looks grown out!  The receptionist said "I guess your hair has grown!!". I believe that it is very impossible For my hair to grow half an inch in 2 days! Needless to say, I did not get the services as requested. The salon will not refund my money. They were willing to give me a gift card but I don't know why they think I would come back!!
Patricia Barone is a stylist at this salon, who used to work in south beach. i followed her across the causeway and continue to despite the presence of numerous outstanding salons in south beach and my dislike of driving.. She is professional and responsible wrapped in a blanket of enormous talent. I could not make a stronger recommendation
One of the best salons I've ever been to. Friendly service, cool atmosphere and great value. The hot towel service while shampooing is a perfect touch.  Ask for Emiliano, he is an amazing stylist, I always leave very happy.
Called and was able to book same day.......huge in my book! Asked for someone who specializes in curly hair got exactly that and then more in my end result! Very professional and nice and offered me a beverage like asap! Got an awesome neck massage with my hair wash:) I never had someone style my hair like Yethe and boy did she glam me up! Been rockin the do for 3 days now and my curls are still there! I guess I found my little gem after all!
Came here after purchasing a great deal for a manicure and pedicure. From the moment I walked, I was treated extremely well. The manicurist was polite and knowledgeable. You can tell she knew what she was doing and that she has had years of experience. Everyone was extremely friendly and my free glass of wine sealed the deal! I was able to even squeeze in a consultation with a hair stylist over what I should do with my hair. I cannot wait to come back! This place may be on the pricey range but its worth it.
After having an awful dye job from my longtime stylist i raced to Roberto Giordano nearly in tears and that is when Sheila came to the rescue. i came in first thing saturday morning 9am not expecting anyone to have time for me on such a busy day but Sheila felt my pain and was so amazing and made room for me, thankfully  my whole day was free as i was not going anywhere with my current hair situation. She got started on me right away and got to work, she would squeeze me in between her clients and i was so thankful for that. not only did she do an AMAZING job on my hair but she was so kind and made me feel comfortable as if i had been going to her for years. i can now say i finally found an amazing stylist minutes away from home, she did a great job giving me the best hombre and lowlights, she also did my extensions and cut my hair. I will definitely be back!!
The first time I went for a blow dry, which I do almost weekly, I was with Gavin who is absolutely amazing, and he understood exactly what I wanted to the point where I was almost scared at how much volume and bounce I had. You can tell he's seasoned. Oh and he teased like nobody's business. The next few trips have been a bit of a disaster. I had one girl on her 2nd shift, did not even blow dry upwards when I mentioned how much volume I wanted, and after that I had a girl in between who gave me a nice plain blow dry, but no one really could tell, since I can do the same job myself. I always try and make requests, but they won't honor it because I signed up for their 'blow dry club' called blush which you pay monthly and get unlimited $15 blow drys. Sounded like a great deal until I realized it was a 3 month min, and now I am stuck paying the next 2 months and not wanting to go back (unless I am in an emergency situation). Another note: My first time there, my appt was at 5pm. I was not shampoo'd until 545pm, so good thing I didn't have dinner til 8pm or I would have been late. The next time I waited a little bit. The third time I was the first person in the morning so I didn't have to wait but the shampoo girl washed me with FREEZING cold water, and I kept telling her to make it warmer and she kept telling me she's sorry but she doesn't speak English. Isn't that basic for a shampoo girl? She did not even massage my head to make up for it, and for some reason my feather extension turned white (used to be purple!). Not sure what product she used, and I didn't notice until I left that my feather was bleached out! Probably because my head was frozen.
Paola did an AMAZING job with the cut in color of my hair! It looks like brand new!  The entire salon was extremely friendly and they gave me loads of suggestions since I'm new to the area! The prices are a bit expensive - $210 for a cut and partial highlights/lowlights - but my hair definetly looks awesome!
I had a gift certificate (not a coupon) and i was also treated like a 2nd class citizen. The expirience was stressful, the staff unfriendly and snobby.  The Mani/pedi was done fast and sloppy. I will not come back.
Paola is great! I accidentally only scheduled a color, but she was able to fit in highlights, lowlights, a treatment, cut & blow dry. The treatment was her suggestion and was a tad pricey but my damaged hair really needed it - and the cut & color turned out fantastic! Little pricey but worth it for the service and the atmosphere.
Been here twice - once with a 50% off coupon and once at full price, and loved both times. I see Paola, and she spent 45 mins. making sure that my (fairly simple) mens haircut was exactly how I wanted. The shampoo is great and the staff seems very on their stuff and nice. Would highly recommend, especially in Miami where good service is pretty hard to come by.
This place is just ok.  The front desk does not make eye contact, they do not offer you water -- nothing.  The nails (dependign on who you get) can be anywhere from good to down right bad.
Loved this place, it is very modern and cool, Emiliano made me very happy with my new haircut. It was exactly what I wanted to be. I'll be back for sure!
Excellent hair salon. If you are looking to change hair color, do highlights, or fix a color, please go with Emiliano! He is awesome at it! I went there yesterday to change haircolor and I absolutely love it. Emiliano did magic in my hair. The color came out way better than I expected and everyone just loves it. I also did a hair cut and side bangs and I absolutely love it too. I am 100% satisfied with the services Emiliano provided me with.
I went here this morning b/c i got a deal on couptessa. The place is great and receptionists were helpful and friendly. The salon is huge and well-decorated. I truly enjoyed every moment there. My stylist was Jose Maria and was a pleasure in figuring out extactly what I wanted my hair to look like. I highly recommend and would tell every man or woman to go grab the special deal on couptessa. This place rocks!
I'm always on the look out for the next best place where I can get a mani/pedi and Roberto Giordano Salon & Spa was next on my list. I arrived right on time for my appointment and I was immediately lead to the woman who would be doing my mani/pedi. There was no waiting around for her to finish with another customer which I found great. While I was getting my pedicure I was offered a glass of wine. I'm not quite sure who invented offering free alcohol to customers while getting services done at a salon, but thank you to who ever did! The mani/pedi came out very good and lasted me almost a week. This is a long time if you ask me, most manicure's last me just 3-4 days before I have to take off the polish. Overall, I really liked Roberto Giordano Salon & Spa and I would definitely go again for a mani/pedi and to try out the other services their salon offers.
After buying a few Groupons, I visited this salon a few times for both my hair and my nails. In regards to the hair salon, I love it! I like how they've done my hair and left it very nice. Both times I've had it done for a wedding and it has been beautifully sculpted. However, for the nails I'm not too much a fan. I have to say that nail polish is hard to work with and some people just don't know how to paint nails. While I had an OK job done, I did not appreciate being rushed (the lady told me she had an hour and no more to do both my manicure and pedicure). I like to take my time and unwind when I'm at the salon; it's the one place I really just don't want to be rushed. All in all the place is good and I might return, but not for the nails.
Was nice however the prices are crazy for a m/p I found a place down the street that does an amazing job at much less!
Nice atmosphere great staff very professional.  Marivi is a great manicurist.  A manicure + pedicure in one hour and it's perfect. She's focused, happy and wonderful.
Cristian is great, partly because he asks how you heard of him and if you'd write a review which already shows how much he cares about his work. He is professional  and he explains to you what he is doing and why.  He also threw in a blow dry and curled my hair and didn't charge for it which is refreshing because nowadays stylists tend to do that without even asking.   The salon is really big and clean, great atmosphere and the service is great.  They validate parking which is also a plus. There are only 2 things I would have changed about this visit: 1. It would have been great if they could have gotten started on my hair while I was getting a mani/pedi to save spending half my work day at the salon, 2. it is so expensive - $225 for partial highlights and cut
The 5 stars are for YUSIMI - she is the only reason I come to this salon! The salon is very nicely laid out, the shampoo station is great and they offer you coffee or a soft drink. YUSIMI is the best stylist and colorist in Miami. I have been with her for over 10 years and will never let anyone else touch my hair. She can do it all, from a simple trim to a complete makeover. I have very curly hair and it is difficult to maintain and cut but she does it.
Cristian is the best colorist I have had in miami. And I have tried a few in Brickell. He fulfills the 3 essentials, (respectful of my time, understanding of my needs, and down right perfect highlights/cut/style). you had me at hello!!!!
I am a regular at Roberto Giordano I always get my mani and pedi done here. Have tried almost all of the beauticians, and each one is just as good as another. The only reason I gave them four star is because sometimes, they give you an appointment and make you wait. One time I waited for close to an hour. I dont understand what is the significance of the appointment if you have to wait. Otherwise, its a good place, good people and great service.
I called for a first time appointment. Suzzie answered the phone. As a possible new client who lives in the Brickell area you would think the receptionist would be as helpful as possible! Especially when it comes to bringing new revenue to the salon. In my opinion a customer should never hear what is not in her "job discription" and and things like "wow"  "really" when you asks questions. Ladies we all know when were in search for a new stylist were going to ask questions instead of leaving the appointment entirely up to faith by a rude girl you don't even know how she looks! Way to go Suzzie! Maybe the stylist who missed out on a great client should revise you on customer service?!
I love this salon!! They are talented and not over priced! Love it! Sil is my favorite! She is a perfectionist, always gets the color right, is a master stylist and is also quick.  By far my favorite salon and hairdresser!!!
received a groupon for 3 mani/pedis. Great service all around (from the front desk to Yudarkis the nail tech - she's amazing). I'll definitely be back.
Loved it!!!
BEST HAIRCUT AND HAIRSTYLE I HAVE EVER HAD.  If you are looking for an incredible haircut and a perfect hairstyle you must make an appointment with Patricia Barone.  After meticulously cutting your hair she insures perfection by blow drying it and reexamining it until you are 100% satisfied with the results.  She is not only very professional but is personable and charismatic.  I have never had so many compliments on my hair since I started going to Patricia Barone.  I highly recommend her!
The salon had a last minute appointment available and upon walking in I thought the salon was very pretty and upscale looking. The shampoo was uncomfortable and kinda hurt my neck (no padding under my neck on the sink - ouch). But I'm not much one to complain so maybe I should have said something. Anyways, my stylist was very friendly and enjoyable to chat with however did NOT listen to what I said I wanted. Pet peeve! I have long fine hair and about a year and a half ago had a lady at a very expensive south beach salon cut a MILLION layers in the back, super duper short at the crown of the head and only left a super thin "long" layer at the bottom. I was devastated all my length got cut off, since I asked her to just freshen up my "long layers" (aka 2 inches max above the full length of my hair). Anyways so I was traumatized and have been waiting FOREVER for the layers to grow out. I told him not to touch them more than just to dust off split ends. Of course he didn't listen and proceeded to shorten the layers a lot and cut lots of layers by my face which I didn't want. Why is it so hard for hair stylists to listen?!?!?! He blew out the cut and it looked great, because he round brushed it and all the layers were fluffy and pretty. However thats not something I do on a daily basis so the layers are sooo annoying because they look terrible straight / flat ironed and i don't curl my hair everyday (or barely ever). Long story short the blow dry was great but I was not in love after I washed it again myself. I think the cut was $65 before tip which seemed reasonable at the time when I was pleased, but I prob would not return to the same stylist I had.
just moved to miami from nyc, and finding a hair salon as good as ny was hard.  love love love this place.  patricia is absolutely the best!!
Patricia is amazing! My first time there, she took her time, analyzed my hair before wash cut and blow dry. I did not feel rushed at all! The cut was perfect and she did not steer away from what I asked of her. I would def recommend her!
I bought a travel zoo deal for a massage ($59 instead of the regular $140).  I came in and the place looked nice, so I asked if they could do a manicure after my massage.  Sure.  I confirmed that a manicure cost $15, and the less than friendly front desk girl, said yes and they could do the manicure.  Onto my massage...The deal came with a glass of wine, which was never offered to me, nor was water, tea or coffee, despite there being a huge bar for such things.  A man came up and the oddness started there.  His English wasn't great, which for a massage is not so helpful, as my Spanish is terrible.  He had me fill out the typical history and desires for the massage, most of which he didn't understand.  He was verrry awkward throughout the whole massage.  I continually asked for him to increase the pressure, but he didn't.  His phone rang multiple time during the massage.  The soothing music stopped halfwya through the massage and I could hear all the noise going on in the salon.  I think I came out more stressed than I went in. Then the manicure, I went back to the front desk, re-confirmed the price of the manicure was $15 with the same girl, and sat down.  I had brought my own polish which seemed to confuse people.  The manicure itself was great, but the paint job was terrible.  The manicurist got polish all over my fingers and waited until the end to remove it.  It wouldn't have been so bad, but the polish was navy blue and stained my fingers.  Throughout the whole manicure a few staff members were sitting nearby, being extremely loud and vulgar with one another...not such a relaxing atmosphere.  Then, I went to pay and the manicure was all of a sudden $20 and the girl claimed she never told me it was $15.  It took a manager to get the $5 back--just the principle of it.  And when the girl got upset with me, she stopped answering my questions and looking at me...very unprofessional. Skip this place.  There are plenty of better places in Brickell that are worth any money spent there.
I recently purchased a groupon for 3 blow-dry sessions. Since I have a few extensions (which are not long at all), I was very careful to read the fine print and the Q/A to see if they would charge me an additional fee for having extensions; however, I found nothing related to that. When I got to my appointment and sat down to wait, I casually mentioned it to the receptionist who told me that they would charge me an additional fee. I mentioned that nothing like that appeared in the description of the offer nor the fine print, and all she could say was "sorry, I cant do anything. You have 2 sets of hairs". I asked to speak to one of the owners, but they wouldn't see me because they were busy. I walked to one the owners instead to voice my opinion, and all he could say, is that he would call groupon so they would add a fee for extensions. I told him that him doing that wouldn't fix my problem and instead of honoring their mistake, he just told me to get my money back from groupon. In a few words, the receptionist was rude, the owner was rude and ridiculous, neither one of them understand the meaning of customer service. I usually blow dry my hair at a salon once a week. First time, I am treated to poorly at one. Left after paying for parking, getting no blow-dry and very upset. Groupon refunded my monies with groupon bucks. Giordano Salon was nothing but disappointed to me. They are definitely not getting my business.
I was looking for a nice local hair salon after moving to Miami from Boston, and all Internet research pointed to RG in Mary Brickell village.  I went in today, and my colorist was Damian.  Although his first language was Spanish and he did not speak much English at all, the results of his work (lowlights and highlights in my dark brown  auburn air) were amazing.   I must say, I have probably never experienced  such an artistic touch and such a marvelous result of these two processes.   I am definitely going back, and the only reason I am somewhat reluctantly giving 5 stars is because it was more expensive than I anticipated for Miami.  BUT - the result is fabulous, the team was super-friendly, the atmosphere was trendy, and I am looking forward to going back in a while.
My girlfriend followed her guy to this place when it opened late last year. She had been telling me to go see him but I wasn't a fan of the salon he was working at. After I saw this place, I was impressed. It's big, clean, modern, the music is great. Even though I wasn't having anything done, three different people offered me wine, until I fnally took a glass. On a Friday night, the place was pretty busy but starting to shut down. I didn't see one person leave that didn't look really pleased. I saw they were doing a couple guys, also a guy was applying make up. Almost every one spoke Spanish, I think just the one guy is American. The desk if bilingual though, so if you aren't they can guide you to the people you are most cofortable with. You get all the flavor of Miami without language being a hasse.  The stylists here are really on top of their game - and the salon staff are very friendly, helpful, and make sure you enjoy the service. I would put this salon up against the very best anywhere.
Excellent Place!! Outstanding Service, very professional. The salon is quite spacious, thus, is not the typical small and crowded salon!! Feels like you are in NY at Miami prices!!
The only thing this salon has going for it is it's location. The staff is a mess and is incompetent when it comes to making appointments. I made an appointment twice in a row for a manicure and pedicure, the first time I show up to the salon and they tell me I'm not in the system so I reschedule. Second time around I decide to call ahead of time to confirm my own appointment, round two I'm not in the system. I make my appointment for the third time and they call me an hour before my appointment to tell me they can't attend to me that I'm going to have to reschedule. If it weren't for the fact that I had a special deal paid for off travelzoo I'd never walk into this place again. I guess their horrible service explains why they had to make special online deals to lure customers in.
After having a really bad experience with Biguine Brickell Hair Salon, I went to this place. Damien is really good and he gave me a very good cut & color. The frontdesk is not very friendly, they do not even make an eye contact. However, I am happy with my hair now thanks to Damien.
I have to say from all the salons I have been to in my lifetime thus far RG salon is definitely the best there Is! They just understand hair, they get it! I did a complete color change and they were the only ones to just get it!  I mean I was blown away it was perfect I am so sad I don't live in the area as I moved across the world, i must say they did an excellent absolutely perfect job! They stayed after hours with me and worked with me and am so grateful to their hard work, they LOVE what they do, they LOVE their work and it just shows how dedicated they are in making everything perfect. They strive to make a big smile on every client! If I lived in Miami Florida this would be my place to go always hands down!! Thank you for making my experience perfect! I also did my wedding hair with them and so far every time I have been to this salon I leave the happiest with gorgeous hair never disappointed! Best there is, stop reading reviews and just go give them a shot, promise you will be more than satisfied!
It was my first time going to Roberto Giordano in Brickel, I like to get my hair cut about every 6 months and I have tried different salons in miami such. As soon as I walked in I knew this was a professional salon, and I was in for a quality experience, although I was sad I requested a guy to cut my hair the receptionist insisted I book with Patricia a master stylist. She turned out to be the best stylist I have ever experienced in my life. She happened to have an amazing background from a New York top styling school. Let me start by saying how caring and attentive she was to give me exactly what I wanted. I told her a style and she insisted to pull up a picture on her ipad to make sure it was the one. Then she gave me the best wash, she has very gentle hands and gave me a relaxing head massage. As she began to dry and brush out my hair she started cutting. Her cutting techniques were great, she is all about symmetry and perfection. She really took her time adding all the layers piece by piece. She knew exactly how to frame my face. Then she blew out my hair and styled it, I swear it felt so light and fluffy i felt like a movie star. She also is true to her word and keeps the length exactly how you desire it. My hair stayed styled and glamourous all through the night and even the next day, not falling flat! Overall best experience of my life and completely affordable. I 100% recomend Patricia Barone from Giordano. This woman could have her own salon, she was so focused and detailed, unafraid to snip my hair to make it beautiful and volumness. She truley is an artist when it comes to hair.
Today I had a haircut with Patrica Barone and I must say she is simply the best!  I went in and my layers were very heavy and not sitting right on my face.  She explained this to me and showed me what she was going to do.  She is super precise and quite amazingly perfectionistic, which I appreciate very much.  She used to work at Gustavo Briand Salon in south Beach.  I also had a color with Christian and he is absolutely awesome too!  I definitely suggest these two!  My hair looks great!
DO NOT let Sheila color your hair blonde!  I asked to have my dirty blonde ombré hair lightened and made overall blonder... She dyed my hair an unnatural yellow/orange blonde and, when I complained, tried to tell me she didn't do a bad job!  I had a bad feeling from the beginning due to the fact that I don't speak Spanish and she seemed to have a hard time understanding what I was trying to tell her I wanted.  And the entire time (8 hours!!!!!!!) that she was working on my hair, she kept asking another stylist questions.... It was like she'd never done blonde coloring before!  After she "fixed" it by adding some low lights (which made no difference), she told me she wasn't charging me for the blow out, as if that made up for the fact that she charged me for the low lights!  I went to Roberto Giordano because I live in the building and it got great reviews.... From now on, I'll make the trip out to Portfolio in Coral Gables!  They do a much better job!
If you are looking for a nice atmosphere, friendly relaxed staff, this is the salon for you.  I just got a haircut from Fabio Cucchaira - he is a major talent.  I am impressed!
I went in for a mani/pedi.  The manicure wasn't near what I have experienced at other places.  She was brusque and fast.  She didn't take the time to do a thorough job and it was not relaxing at all. I had to ask for something to drink. My manicure was almost finished when my drink finally showed up.  She said they were "busy", sorry for the delay.  The regular patron next to me got her coffee within three minutes!  Give me a break.  The people at the salon weren't friendly....only to the "regulars".  I would not come back to this salon!
After Robert Giordano had opened near my building I wanted to check them out. Although fear of trying a new salon kept me away for too long. It was when they offered a couptessa deal for a hair cut and blow dry that I could not turn it down. I was nervous using one of these coupons bc you never know what you are going to get but to my surprise I was treated exceptionally well. The receptionist was very friendly and Patricia my stylist was so personable and sweet. I was extremely impressed by how detailed she was in my cut and blow dry/straightening. She took her time and made sure my cut was just right. I am still so impressed that she was able to make my hair stick thin. Going from curly frizzy to shiny and beautiful definitely deserves an applause. My favorite part of the night was when she offered to do a blow dry for a girl that arrived right at closing time. She could have said no but she really takes pride in what she does and that is what a good salon is all about.
Cristian is definitely the colorist of miami. I have followed him from Gustavo Brian's studios and wouldn't have it any.other way. He is one of those unique talents that can take one look at you and know what color will create the most beautiful you. Try him trust me you wont regret it!!!
Yes, it is pricey, but they do give you a great haircut. Plus, they use the best products...
one of my friend told me that this place is so nice!!i went after 2 month for a haircut and i will be there every time i will go for a wedding bcz this people know there job thats very easy go there and you will not be disappointed for sure thanx for every body works there
So last week I went first time ever for my Shellac mani, the work was not good, I was sure it was my first and last time in this place. Week later I decided to go to complain and have to say the people in this place are so nice and very understanding, without any questions they offer to me re-make my nails and woohoo my nails looks amazing, I'm so happy and I will be definitely back! Judi really knows how to do her job!
I got a really good haircut here yesterday.  I saw Martin who was efficient and pleasant.  Ran $75 for a women's haircut which I think is reasonalbe.  I'd definitely go back.
(Note, I just moved to Miami from NJ.) My experience was AWFUL! It ruined my face and my day!! The front desk girls were not helpful or personable. (They are too young to be handling such an important position). The woman who did my eye brows may or may not have understood a word I said (in English). I showed her a picture of what I wanted, and she said 'yes', but did whatever she wanted- which was BUTCHER my face! Not only was it the most PAINFUL wax job, it was the WORST job in my life! BROWS UNEVEN, LOOKED TERRIBLE! Not only that, but in the services menu they gave me, it said "$16 for female brow wax". They charged me $30!!!!!!!! (Note: It's $15 for amazing service and job in Jersey. I would get compliments on my eye brows before RG S&S eff'd me. And who gets compliments on their BROWS?! So you know it was good work.) My brows looked like I let my 3 yr old niece wax me. I complained about the price and the job and they basically said I got the "most qualified waxer and that's why it was so much, and too bad you don't like it, that's life, now please leave." Regardless of the shitty job, the service, from the Salon as a whole, on this particular day, was definitely NOT UP TO BRICKELL STANDARDS or my expectations of any brow job- anywhere! Never going to return; not even for hair cut or color (like I was planning). They could've made $$$$$ off me, because I like to get everything done at one salon (nails, hair, wax, facials, makeup, hair products, etc.) BUT TOO BAD RG S&S- you get nothing!!! RIP OFF! Pretentious, unfriendly. I didn't even get the names of anyone who worked there because they have NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. NO PERSONALTY! NOTHING EXCEPTIONAL ABOUT THIS PLACE! They're basically a volume (factory) salon, that gets new customers all the time from their good location; Instead of a good business that make 80% of their business off 20% of their customers who are return customers with high spending. So instead, I went to their new competitor, CREATO, just a few blocks away, who is owned/run by two previous RG S&S stylists, and they know customer service, personality, being exceptional, and providing an amazing experience! Check them out. They've gotten 5 star reviews on YELP and have only been open for two weeks! You know they've got a good business model when that happens!
I found this salon after years of searching in Miami for a great place where i could take my business to, and leave satisfied. I was just so tired of going from salon to salon, searching for that one person that would "love" my hair as much as me, and wanted to genuinely care for it. Well after a long search, i found it!! And this hair "God" is Damian Lopez at Roberto Giordano!! He doesn't speak english very well, but holy crap he can do some amazing hair! I went in there with my hair bleached, lifeless and gross, and came out looking like a model!!! He transformed me completely, with subtle changes like lowlights, and hair extensions i brought in myself. He even bleached my extensions to match my color and i look amazing! The compliments started to come left and right and i look and feel gorgeous. Love, love, love my hair! Hes the best! Will not go anywhere else for my hair from now on. The only thing is that its pricey, but screw it! its my hair! Better than having to pay someone else to fix a crappy job right?
I happen to be recommended after a change with my previous stylist of 4 years. I was in a rush and needed someone to step in and give me a haircut and that is when I met Patricia. She is a true professional and someone that takes the time to ensure I'm happy and looking good before I leave. Gentlemen, I strongly recommend Patricia for your grooming needs! I'm a satisfied customer and it's almost two years now.
I thought my pedi was going pretty well, aside from the few cuts I had sustained. Until I realized there was NO foot or leg massage. DEAL BREAKER. Now I am waiting for my mani...the tech, whose name I don't know, disappeared 15mins ago without a mention. I asked where she went, all I've heard is "don't worry." Ummm. Time is money. This is supposed to be a relaxing treat, instead I'm just annoyed. Never again.
Woof. Just glanced down at my nails after a recent mani/pedi at Roberto Giordano and they look like a Jackson Pollock painting -- in a very bad way. I'll take the blame for my fingers...I type all day, scratch things, scuff my nails at yoga, etc so when the paint chips after a day or two, I'm not surprised. But my toes......they're usually my saving grace. They rest comfortably in my shoes all day long and should maintain pretty polish without a hitch. I've never had an issue with this before in my life. So, when I notice that my watermelon polish is withering away already on each big toe and it hasn't even been a week....Roberto, we have a problem. Thank god I went with a Groupon (which might explain the lackluster service), because if I had paid full price for this, I wouldn't be a happy camper. My advice: go to Giordano for hair services only. They give a fantastic blow out and offer "blush membership", which gets you unlimited $15 blow-dries for one $15 payment per month.
I have been to the salon several times - for both blow dries and hair cuts.  First of all - Sheila is amazing.  Amazing.  Fantastic hair cuts, blow dries, etc...  Other times when I have gone for a blow dry it is hit or miss - usually its excellent, but sometimes not much better than if I did it myself.
Bad attitude, poor communication and inept management all rolled into one. If you value your time, this is not the salon for you. They overbook and have the audacity to tell customers with appointments, to come back another day because they can't manage their books. Thinking the manager would be helpful, she made matters worse with her "I can care less" attitude, and was concerned more with showing customers pictures of her dog, then problem solving and providing customer service. I don't write bad reviews, but this place is beyond infuriating. Beware, they do a lot of groupons and living social deals, that seem enticing.... But your better off paying full price and going to a place where they treat their customers with respect and common courtesy.
I did a mani-pedi with a Groupon a year ago and had a great experience.  This is the only place I've been to in Miami where they do the manicure first, and I wish more salons did it that way! This gave my nails the opportunity to dry while I got my feet done. The glass of champagne was the frosting on the cake. Service was friendly- I was not treated any differently for being a Groupon customer.
Worst blow out ever. :( I asked for a sleek style which I could revive the following morning before my meeting. Instead I got frizzy and messy hair right out the door. If it wasn't for the fact we had dinner reservations I would've asked the stylist to fix it. (To be honest the quick and dirty blowout was so bad, I don't even think he could've done anything to fix it except add gloss drops which would've left me greasy and frizzy.) So disappointed after having read all the great reviews. I have another appointment in a couple of weeks as I got 2 blowouts on the groupon I purchased, so I'll update the review then.
This time I came in for full hair highlights. I met Yathelier. She was very nice, listened as I showed her some pics of the style I wanted and she gave me great suggestions. I am usually anxious about hair changes and she made me feel very relaxed since she was so professional. The hair came out great! She listened to what I asked-a more natural look. The salon is also really nice.  I will def. Return here as I always leave satisfied :-)
Absolutely awful. I had 4:15 appt, which I arrived at about 15min early. As I sat and waited, one receptionist and a stylist stood around chatting. I had no idea that that was the stylist assigned to me. At 4:20 I asked the reception when they would be ready for me because I was in somewhat of a rush. She said "right away." After 5 minutes the receptionist as stylist walked past me and out the door for a break. At 4:35 I asked another receptionist what was going on and she assured me I would be taken care of right away, the result was getting my hair washed and then sitting in at a station with wet hair and no stylist in site. At 4:50 I walked back to reception to complain and se told me my stylist was only supposed to be gone 5min and she was in her way back. So in fact, the woman who walked past me 5minutes AFTeR my appt was supposed to start was my stylist who had no regard for me or my appointment time and whom i crossed paths with in the elevator as I stormed out 40 MINUTES AFTER MY APPOINTMENT!!! The receptionist offered me a complimentary service and apologized, but after having been lied to repeatedly by multiple receptionists and finding out that the stylist literally walked past me while I was supposed to be getting my hair done, I will never go pack their. I had a groupon for a blow dry but I would rather forfeit the money than be treated like that again. Absolutely despicable.
This was my first time entering this establishment. This review is strictly for the salon itself. The salon was clean, well maintained and easy on the eye. The front desk could've been a bit more kind or had better communication skills as there was little to none. After all a front desk reception is the face of your salon! No one to offer a drink and not very inviting. As far as my hair stylist. She came highly referred. She is the reason the salon is receiving such a high star rating. There are plenty of pretty salons in Miami but the front desk was the biggest down fall. I myself run a spa in South Miami and have worked for 5 star salons for the past 6 years and that is the most important part to welcoming your client with open arms. Jenessa is excellent. I went it for a color correct and she gave me exactly that. She was sweet, understanding and helpful. I will definitely return to her for all my services and I will recommend her to all I know. She is a asset to that salon. It's only because of her that I'm giving this place a 4 star. If not I would rate the front desk alone a 2.
I'm so glad I chose this salon!! I'm originally from Chicago and so finding a salon in Miami was not an easy task since I clearly did not know any great hair stylists in the city. After visiting here for the first time I can honestly say I was so happy I came here because I loved my hair. Emiliano is amazing when it comes to hair styling, I showed him an idea of what I wanted and he took it and worked with it even added his twist to it. Plus everyone was friendly including him. Go to him if you want your hair done.
Let me tell ya about my $70 mani-pedi. No sterilization bag in site. The stations were full of used nail files that were clearly not cleaned or sterilized either. My nail tech was very nice but the nail facility is just gross. Uncomfortable pedicure seating with ugly cracked leather. The gal at the front desk cut me off twice to take calls will I was paying without even as much as an "excuse me". No "Thank you" or "Have a nice day" or "come again and over pay for crap service and facility" Never again!
I was browsing Groupon and I saw that Roberto Giordano salon was selling deals for blowdrys. I bought the package for 2 blowdrys, and wow I have never been more impressed! Their scheduling was very convenient, they were able to fit me Friday afternoon quite quickly and I LOVED their text confirmation system. I was a couple of minutes late since I was looking for parking in the area, another Yelper mentioned that they have free valet parking which I didn't know :P The blowdry in itself was quite quick and very well done, I got Natalia who was very nice and thorough. She was very good at massaging and washing my hair, and the blow dry came out fantastic! It was exactly what I asked for, bouncy with volume and my ends flipped. I was also offered the choice between a complimentary coffee or tea which was nice. Very good customer service, the locale was very nice, the interior decor was very sleek and the place was big! 5 stars all around, I would definitely come back again.
I used Lizzy for hair and makeup. And she did an amazing job!!! I highly recommend her.
This is my new favorite salon! It's located in an amazing area and they even have FREE valet parking (just make sure to get the sticker to validate your ticket) I did my blow dry with Jennessa and she was a sweetheart!  She knows how to style hair very well & she did my hair in like 20 minutes which is record timing! I will definitely be coming back. They have the coolest deal called the "Blush Membership" where you pay $15 on a monthly basis. This allows you to get unlimited blow dries at $15 a pop; it doesn't get better than that!
Lizzy is the BEST!! She is detailed and does a great job with blow dries. The salon is very modern. Great restaurant inside the salon for breakfast and lunch while you get your hair done.
Great salon! Get a blow dry membership, so worth it! Excellent service, comp valet parking available and the entire staff is super friendly. I love my girl Laura Lima, she makes such a difference. Nail service is also available can be combined to save time.
My 5 Start is for Haircutter Patricia Barone... Not for the service at the front desk. I was recommended to Roberto Giordano Salon from a friend who also lived in Brickell. I wanted something close to home but also wanted somewhere that had a NYC edge since that's where I relocated from. Well the NYC edge fell flat when it came to the front desk. Unprofessional, helpless and no knowledge that a receptionist is the face of the salon,  They are the first person you meet and your  introduction to any company . When you go, do not let their attitudes intimidate you, just demand the courtesy you  deserve. The'll back down lol. As far as the service PATRICIA,,,you are amazing. I highly recommend her to anyone seeking perfection. I've gone to the best salons in NYC and she has the talent and brings it to Brickell. Most definitely worth the visit She is very professional and listens to what you want. She takes the time to explain her thoughts clearly and although I didn't want to cut much, she explained what needed to be done and she was most definitely right. It is the best haircut I have Ever gotten. I hope this helps anyone out there. Put yourself in Patricia Barone's hands and you will look like a million. Just a note: I really do hope the owners of this salon read the reviews, it seems that more than half agree that the front desk service su*ks
Good experience.  Great for people on the go.  Free valet parking.  Good experience but blow dry does not include iron.  Iron is included in other blo bars, and iron is often necessary in Miami.
Patricia is amazing.  I felt really comfortable with her advice.  And extremely happy with the end result. .. she took the time to listen to what I was looking for; then gave me couple of options and I let her just surprise me with her talent. .. omg!!! She did...!!! Love my new look! Thank you Patricia
Martin is amazing! He had been doing my hair for over two years.  He can really do anything with color.  I have gone totally brunette and also had him do my highlights.  Plus he does amazing curls!
Gavin Pratt can blow dry hair!!! OMG! I walk outta there looking amazing! Thanks Gavin!
I had never been satisfied with my haircut as much before I visited Patricia. She is the most caring hairstylist I have met. Patricia did a great job bringing my hair back to life. She knows how to treat you and your hair professionally and makes sure you leave happy. It was a pleasure to work with her! The haircut was a little pricey; thus, only 4 stars.
Hi guys, I would recommend Patricia to everyone whose looking for a perfect cut and style.
the manicurist did a mediocre job.  the place is nice and clean. However,  theres a $5 surcharge for a regular nail polish. which they claim that last 7 days. and the blonde receptionist did my total calculation wrong. I asked for 18% tip instead she added $18.
I just moved to Miami recently so, naturally, when the time came for me to get a haircut, I turned to Yelp for some advice...which led me here. I scheduled an appointment with Patricia as she seemed to be the one to turn to based off of previous reviews. Boy, were they right! Patricia really went out of her way to make sure I was comfortable and helped me pick a style that was best for my hair. I was looking for a change but nothing too drastic and she absolutely nailed it. She took her time with everything, making sure I had the best experience possible. From the shampooing to her meticulous and precise technique, I was thoroughly impressed. I'd recommend her to anyone looking for a new stylist. She'll take good care of you and you won't feel like just another customer. Her personality is also very pleasant (not pretentious or stand offish at all)--which can be hard to find in this city sometimes.  I'll absolutely be going back in a couple of months. As far as the rest of the salon goes, the location is pretty good and they offer up to 3 hours of validation if you park in the lot next door. The atmosphere inside is clean, modern and welcoming. I'm absolutely looking forward to trying out some more of their services in the future!
I have gone to Roberto Giordano Salon following one of its present employees, her name is Patricia Barone.  I used to go to a salon closer to where I live and work where I first met her, but as she left there, I followed her to this salon, and would go to wherever she would move next, given that it is a reasonable commute.  She has taken care of my haircuts with tremendous care, skill, professionalism and I wouldn't hesitate to encourage anyone to choose her for their hair needs.  She gives 100 percent attention to her customers and does not socialize with other stylists when she is concentrating on her clients.  Noone would possibly say that they would leave without complete satisfaction of her abilities. Martha
Let me start by saying I spent more dough here than I ever did for any hair appointment in New York. Granted, I had to get black stripped out of my hair so the correcting probably cost half of the overall bill. However, I did flinch. That's the only thing keeping it from a flawless review. The atmosphere is nuts (in a good way). I went at 5pm on a Thursday and it was insane in the membrane. Their open-concept lofty style gives you the ultimate people watching experience. I love the mixture of English and Spanish, old and young, straight and guy, brunette and purple-haired.. It's a sexy three-ring circus and I expect nothing less out of a creative space like a salon. Christian is adorable. He's amazing at what he does and is completely in love with his craft. It's refreshing to be around someone like him because you know you're going to look fabulous. I asked for "sexy Miami hair" and totally got it. The big curls, the subtle ombre, the coppery color.. I love it. I got over 75 likes on Facebook for the picture I took of it.
