I love going to spas and I'm always trying different places in different cities. Since I live in Miami, the Miami Spa Month is a must for me to try different places and I'm glad that I went to the Spa at Mandarin hotel. Starting with the valet service: the guys were very helpful and provided a great service explaining me how to get to the spa. Even better: with the spa validation it was free. Their service is superb. While you are waiting for your check-in, they give you a cold tea and a cold towel and the forms to be completed so they are informed if you are allergic to something. One of the questions is your birthday. Then, the lady brings some slippers for you and she asks if the size is ok. You give her your shoes, so not contaminated shoes get into the spa, exactly like the Japanese culture. After that, the lady gives you a tour of their facilities. Everything is so beautiful and zen. I had a relaxing massage and it was spectacular. The room was beautiful and the service outstanding. My only complaint: the facilities are not so big. They have a sauna, steam room, a sensory shower and a regular shower. Good, but not enough to spend a few hours relaxing. At the end, when I was checking out because it was my birthday month, they gave a card and a beautiful box with two delicious chocolates. In general, an amazing experience and highly recommended.
Had such an amazing time at this spa! My boyfriend and I went for spa month and we both enjoyed every aspect of the spa from our massages to the relaxation area to the steam room and amazing shower. My therapist was so nice and made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. By far my favorite part was the relaxation area. The only bad thing was that there are no gender neutral areas, everything was separate. But other than that we had a wonderful time and would go back.
Amazing very much a place that men can feel special, great massage, steam and showers. Clean and valet is Free! Not going to the beach joints again
I love the Mandarin Oriental hotel chain. I've stayed in many of their properties, and, used many of their spas.  The Miami spa is probably the best in Miami if you want a relaxing massage, and for deep tissue its really great (Ask for Mari!!).  I give it a four stars because while the service, massage and atmosphere is great.. there is sometimes noise issues (once construction, once just general racket, etc.)  You can tell the therapists notice too because they turn up the music..  It's just a little too close to the action for a spa.
Love this spa.  They are extremely comforting and attentive to detail.  After a day of partying and hanging on the beach, there is nothing like hitting the spa for a nice Thai massage.  if you are in Miami, please make it a point to visit this spa.  They valet the car, greet you with Tea and also send you on your way with a glass of bubbly.   Everyone deserves to have this treatment at least once in their life.
I was here today to take advantage is spa month. The packages they offered for spa month was one of the best and most complete I found, hence why I chose this spa. The people were very nice, the spa was very well maintained, peaceful, clean, and had plenty of things to do while you waited. Me massage and scrub was AMAZING! Kudos to Wendy!!! I left feeling 10 years younger! I also love that they sell the Moroccan oil line for your hair, skin care creams etc... Best of all worlds!
Found out you need to ask for Yolanda...other than that the actual massage was a surprising 4 instead of a 5.  I say this because the spa decor/tranquility/freebies etc were AMAZING.  If you can get a 5 star massage with all the ambience exuding from the spa set up...then you're in business...also July is spa month...they don't actually tell call-ins that, but take advantage of the lowered price!
Terrible service, failed to move appointment up one hour as agreed on phone, no therapist available, wasted 45 minutes of my time and not even an offer to comp anything.  For a place that charges as much as 300 dollars for a massage one would expect better.
The SPA was ambiances was calm and relaxing. From the staff to the service it was impeccable.  The best i had in a long time since moving to Miami.   My only gripe was that my facial treatment room was outside in the spa lobby and i could hear everything in the spa lobby.  It was not really relaxing at all so i'm taking half a star off for that. But my facial specialist did her best to keep me relax. I think she knew i was uncomfortable with the noise. The spa is expensive but worth every penny in my thought.  I have not yet tried there massage but my best friend said it was good. Overall 4.5/5 stars from the stars
I have chronic back pain due to several issues I won't be getting into, so when my husband schedules these massages for me on special occasions, he knows he's giving me exactly what I want and NEED. With that being said, although my favorite spa for a complete spa day continues to be the Biltmore (there's just something about it that is special), the Mandarin Spa, BY FAR, has the best therapist I have ever experienced! Her name is Liz. She has been a massage therapist for over 20 years and you can tell she KNOWS what she's doing. After having a conversation with you about your medical history, she has you choose what oils you want to be used on you, as well as the parts of your body you want her to focus on, and the amount of pressure you want. Then, she goes to town! So many other therapists just do pressure points without actually warming up the muscle enough first. Liz does the complete opposite. My massage was 55 minutes and I could have been there for 55 more. Her massage was extremely effective and I felt relief the entire day. The facility is definitely a wonderful place. The hotel ambiance is as serene as you get, with beautiful, clean, minimalistic design, where all the senses are taken into account. From the beautiful views, the peaceful sounds of water falling, and incredible aromas, you feel like you're in heaven from the moment you walk in.  However, what made this spa the BEST in my opinion was what I actually came for, which was the BEST MASSAGE OF MY LIFE! It is expensive, but completely worth every penny! If you are considering doing something amazing for yourself (which us moms often forget to do), schedule a massage with Liz!
Five Star Decadent Pampering. I'm a lucky gal.  On more than one occassion, I've been here courtesy of generous gift certificates. This Spa is unlike any spa experience you'll have in Miami or other cities for that matter.  Even the check-in process is slightly decadent and so you should heed the Spa's advice and arrive 45 minutes before your appointment.  You'll be greeted with some elderberry tea and a cool towel while they whisk your shoes away and put you into "spa sandals."  After putting your shoes away, the attendant returns with your locker assignment and escorts you to the gender specific locker room.   In your locker you'll find a comfy robe and a bottle of water.  The locker room is delightful-- a couple of vanities that are stocked with everything you could possibly need to change back to your pre-spa self: q-tips, hair products, individually wrapped combs, brushes, contact solution, contact cases, toothbrushes, toothpaste, face cleanser and toner, etc. Once you get into your robe, you stroll over to the steam, sauna and relaxation room.  This room is what I think makes the experience.  After you've had a turn in the steam and sauna rooms, you can chill by a waterfall, drink water or more elderberry tea and snack on some banana chips. Your therapist will come to the relaxation room to escort you to the treatment rooms.  You must check out the website for the plethora of experiences you can have here.  Today, I opted for a deep-tissue massage.  All the treatments here are ritualistic.   The therapist talks about any problem areas you may have and then lets you pick the scent for the massage oil.  Then it's on to the heated massage table for the massage!  Pure bliss!   Come here during a weekday and you can enjoy the outdoor pool oasis for free.  A $30 charge for pool use applies during the weekend.  Treat yourself to lunch by the pool in between or after treatments -- you won't be disappointed. This is the place to go if you are looking to splurge on an experience that will literally melt all your troubles away (well at least temporarily).  Yes this place is pricey, but with some clever hints you too can earn a gift certificate from friends, family or co-workers (hint: group gift). The Spa also offers a Pilates studio, Yoga classes, Tai Chi, belly dancing and personal training. Also, there is a fully-equipped fitness center with state-of-the-art cardiovascular equipment.  And if you want to chill like Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer, well you can check out the outdoor massages for singles and couples performed in private cabanas at Oasis Beach Club. Valet Parking is validated at The Spa -- $11.
Most amazing massages in the world!! This hotel is Immaculate, love the location and the pool and jacuzzi. This Spa is just the Best!!
This is one minute away from our condo so my fiance booked a couples massage on Valentine's Day for us which came with champagne and a view over the water (indoors). It was really nice the way the couples room was set up but I didn't feel the massage was comparable to the price that he paid. We both weren't WOW-ed. The champagne was a nice touch. Good luck getting out of here as in the evening it is almost impossible to get your car from the valet. We gave the valet our ticket and 20 minutes later (mind you it's Valentine's Day and people have further plans) the same valet attendant asked if he could help us! There was a manager who saw us waiting and said nothing. We then were outraged and told the valet attendant that he had already taken our ticket! He then ran to get our car and the manager could see that we were flustered but said nothing. No wonder this hotel went from 5 stars to 4 stars! As far as the massage goes, I don't personally feel that it was worth the money but we did arrive late (when we parked the car, checked in, waited for them to get us, etc...) so maybe they were rushing a little bit? Still, I don't think we'd ever return here for a massage.
Couples massage was great. The only annoyance were that we could still hear the wild screaming kids at the pool since the room over looked it. I also thought the massage was wayyyy too pricey...I am sure you can get the same quality without getting bent over.
4.5 stars. The only reason this spa does not get a 5 from me is because the pool is TINY... honestly, it looks like it belongs in someone's backyard as opposed to a hotel as nice as the Mandarin.  Approximately 20 chairs surround the pool so get there early or jump in and stay in until someone leaves.  This hotel does have a "beach" area with great views of brickell and the rickenbacker causeway.  The beach area has nice cabanas and large, comfy seats/beds, but don't be fooled - there is no beach access. All you really have is the tiny pool. ok... so let's cover everything else. I went there for Jen R's birthday. 16 girls. all day. treatments, pool, sauna, steam room, showers, we tried it all.  The minute you walk in, you feel relaxed. It smells, looks, and tastes the way every spa should. The smell is clean and relaxing, the lights are dim, and fruit, almonds, tea, and water are served.  The service is excellent. Upon arrival, you complete the usual spa questionnaire and are given slippers, tea, and a small towel for your face or hands. We were then escorted to the locker room and the waiting area (which also includes the steam room, sauna, and 2 showers).  The locker room was stacked - blowdryers, flat / curling irons, qtips, toothpaste / toothbrushes, deodorant, bruches, combs, razors, etc.  I loved the waiting area. The couches were so comfortable - I almost fell asleep BEFORE my 50 minute aromatherapy facial... and now the facial.  The facialist went over the questionnaire with me, asked some questions about my skin / likes / dislikes, and she also asked me to select my aromatherapy scent.  when i finally laid down - OH MY GOD.... the bed! The bed is heated and electrically adjustable.  She made sure I was as comfortable as can be and started the facial.  This facial was one of the best I've ever had (please note - they do not extract at this spa). It came with the THE BEST head, neck, and face massage.  I was so relaxed that I'm pretty sure I snored once and woke myself up. After the massage, we had lunch at Cafe Sambal, and enjoyed the rest of the day laying by the tiny pool.  LUCKILY, we were able to get a bunch of chairs together in the small space.  When our day was over, we each received a complimentary spa gift (mor body butter in different scents).  I'm not sure if this is standard or if we were given this for being such a large party / birthday - either way, it was great! I would LOVE to go back and try the massage - many of the 16 girls tried the massage and were very happy with it.
PURE ECSTASY . I was treated to this Spa for my birthday and I will never forget it, The service was remarkable, the massage relaxed me in to la-la land. There was no need to count sheep. Finally, the spa had a amazing steam room and a ridiculously awesome shower! It definitely made an experience out of my day. Caution: extreme relaxation may lead to...extreme happiness
so my 16 friends and i spent the entire day on saturday at the mandarin. here is a glimpse of my fabulous birthday... we arrived by 10 am to the overly excited and nice valet attendants. walked thru the gorgeous lobby, down the stairs to the pool and spa area.  the pool is definitley underwhelming, and gets packed quick as there is not that much space. you'd think such a nice and grand hotel would have a huge pool, infinity, swin up bar, waterfalls, something... nope just a standard pool here but the "beach" area more than makes up for it with its white soft sand, beds and cabanas with stunning views of brickell and the rickenbacker causeway. we entered the spa area to 3 ridiculously nice greeters. we were immediately entranced with the scents and aromas of the spa and the perfectly dim lighting. they had us relax and take a seat while they got everything ready for us. they brought us cold towels, tea, and slippers and our shoes vanished within minutes. we filled out our paperwork, were assigned lockers, and then were guided to locker room. in the lockers we had a bottle of water and extra plush robe waiting for us. we got ready and moved over to the tranquil waiting area where they had almonds, plantain chips, fruit, tea, and water available. there was also a color therapy sauna, aromatherapy steam room, and 2 multi jet showers. we sat and talked while we waited to be called in for our treatments, then 1 by 1 we were gone. my masseuse came to get me, but took me out a different door than everyone else had gone. they had upgraded me to a 5th floor private spa suite as a bday treat! with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay/brickell, it was gorgeous. i got to pick which oils i wanted for my massage. i laid down on the heated and electrically adjustable bed and began my hour of pure relaxation. every detail of the massage was perfect. i took every chance i would get to sneak a peak of the view and confirm that i was living lifestyles of the rich and famous (although just for an hour) after my treatment i decided to go back downstairs and join my friends although i was tempted to stay in my suite and enjoy the oversized chaise lounge, the huge whirpool tub, and jumbo jet showers!! we waited for the rest of the girls to finish their treatments and went over to have lunch at cafe sambal (separate review) where we sat outside under a large covered area and watched the afternoon shower go by. we headed back to the pool area, and with the sun shining received our complimentary frozen drinks and made the most of the late lazy afternoon. after a few hours we finally decided to call it a day. so we went back to the locker rooms to get ready to go home. we used the multi jet showers and they did not miss a beat with the toiletries available -- q tips to combs, blowers to curling/flat iron, tooth brush to razors, you name it they had it or would get it for you!! when checking out, we got our shoes back and turned in the ultra comfortable slippers. we paid for our services and recevied a complimentary spa gift - each of us received a mor body butter! what a nice touch!!  2 friends actually stayed behind because they enjoyed the first treatment so much they decided to add on 2 more and stay till spa's closing. the rest of us went back upstairs paid the $11 for validated valet, my car appeared within the minute and we drove home in a purely relaxed state of mind for a night of extra tranquil sleep!!
My hunny and I both appreciate a good massage. We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for our minimoon and obv booked a couples a massage for the day after the wedding. A year and a half of stressful planning melted away and we both felt like we were in heaven. I opted for the aromatherapy massage while my hunny got the deep tissue massage. The room was lovely and the soft music was extremely fitting. Oh and the experience shower???!?! I can't even talk about that. I must have been in the shower for an hour trying out all the different settings.
Meh, is what I would say to the actual massage.  I think the big hype is because its THE "Mandarin Oriental".  The hotel itself of course is very high class, valet, Bentleys on the driveway, the view is gorgeous.  The staff is very nice and gracious.  The sitting/waiting room before the masseuse comes to pick you up is very nicely decorated with all the different flavored water and tea available to the guests.  Maybe I was stuck with a rookie, but my massage was definitely not worth $300 I have had waaay better massages at the Victor Hotel in Miami Beach for half the price.
Absolutely the best massage experience I've had.
Had a hot stone massage.  It was wonderful.  Therapist was excellent and had a great balance of chat and quiet.  Room was comfortable.  Bed was great.  Oils were perfect.  I was there on 50% off day and got charged full price.  Getting the bill corrected has been a project.
I love a spa but this experience has been my favorite by far!  My boyfriend and I were guests in the hotel and chose a couples massage and it was a great experience.  From the teas at check in, the showers with dancing lights and various jets, the relaxation and couples treatment room - was fabulous!
I've only been here three times with one time good and two bad.  First time I had a massage and facial from a birthday gift certificate.  The facial and massage were each good and the therapists were very nice.  I would not go back for a massage but that's only out of loyalty to the guy I usually go to at Standard.  Otherwise totally recommend the facial and massage to anyone looking.  Top notch.   Now.. the other two times I went were for a manicure-pedicure.  *Both* times they murdered my cuticles.  As in I bled and got a scab.  Gross.  And each time was with a different technician.  This has never happened anywhere else to me and to have it happen here twice is pretty bad. Bottom line: the place is beautiful, the amenities here are great (and separate for men and women which is great if you're self conscious) and everyone is very nice, but I would only recommend it if you're not considering a mani-pedi. Place overall- 5 stars.  Mani-pedi- 0.
I got my wife a spa day at the Mandarin and she had a pleasant experience. The relaxation area though small is well kept and stocked with fresh fruits, tea and water. The reclining chair beds are great! After check in your therapist picks you up from the relaxation area and you proceed to the different treatment areas, which are all spacious and clean. The locker room has everything you'll need after except their blow dryers are wimpy :( After you are done at the spa you can walk out and relax at the pool side, which has a full bar. The wifi in the hotel and poolside is not available to spa patrons, but luckily since we were also guests that wasn't a problem. I've to commend the cleaning lady at the spa who kept the place neat and well stocked as the day progressed. The experience showers and sauna are a delight after treatments, so do save some time for those.
I went during Miami Spa Month for a massage and facial.  Both were good but nothing extraordinary.  The spa area itself is elegant, but rather small.  The relaxation room, where you have to wait for your therapist, has only a few chairs.  It is very un-relaxing to stand in the room for 10 minutes waiting between treatments.  Very poor management/scheduling.  Also, the relaxation room is used as a hallway by employees, carrying laundry, etc.  Poor design.  There are also only 2 showers.  Since we finished up around dinner time, there was a line for the showers.  There are many really nice spas around town, so I doubt I'll be going back any time soon.
What can I say about my favorite spa in Miami?  This is what a spa should be always be, focused on a high end experience in a beautiful setting.  If you have yet to try it, here is your chance!  Mandarin is part of Miami Spa month. Adding to that, the Cafe Sambal is on the Miami Spice Program and you can have a great massage for $99 and a 3 course lunch for $25 or dinner for $35 overlooking Biscayne Bay. It is a great way to spend the day. My two daughters both live in New York and "Mandarin is back on Miami Spa Month" always guarantees an immediate visit home. I have gotten the same response when offering the Spa visit during regular priced service and it is always worth it.  You have to have some tricks up your sleeve as a South Florida Mom,  the Mandarin is one of my favorites.
Could there be a more perfect spa in South Florida.  My hubby and I had the couples VIP suite and had facials and massages. This spa is pricey but well worth it. everything is immaculate, professional, super clean and super relaxing!  from the moment you walk in you are treated like a star. As we checked in someone comes out and kneels down to remove our shoes and place slippers on our feet. we were then taken to the relaxation room, which was so relaxing I could not wait for the massage to start then the therapist came to get us, sat us down , asked some questions about our goals and what we expected from this experience.  We were given a choice of about 12 scents to accompany each of our massages and facials and started the treatments. We could not have left happier and more relaxed. so much so we went right to sleep when we got home. LOL
