Canyon Ranch is awesome.  Offering pristine and calming surroundings, amazing spa amenities, and all kinds of fitness and wellness classes, you can detox and become a whole new person with a bit of time spent at CR.  But this is Miami Beach, and Canyon Ranch (thankfully) serves alcohol.  Let's be honest - detox is hard. I recently stayed at CR for a girls' weekend getaway for a belated birthday celebration.  We secured a phenomenal rate for a 2-bedroom suite with an ocean view (word to the wise - go during the off-season).  Since we were only staying one night, we arrived early to take full advantage of the spa and wellness amenities - but we were really pleasantly surprised to be advised our room was ready for us that early!  How incredibly lucky were we?! As for the wellness classes, we opted for the Burdenko water fitness class on Saturday morning.  The wetsuit/floatation devices were a bit off-putting at first, but the class was a great mix of water aerobics and pilates.  Word to the wise - opt for the diaper-like floatie rather than the vest - it's easier for some of the exercises.  On Sunday we took the TRX class, which really kicked my butt.  Using your own body weight as an anchor, you do various squats, lunges, planks and other exercises.  My quads were sore for days after this workout (but then again, I'm not a big workout buff). We also took advantage of CR's awesome spa offerings, booking our Miami Spa Month massages in advance, and then using our extra time to check out the various showers, hot tubs, and steam rooms/saunas.  The spa facility is huge, so if you're coming for a treatment, be sure to build in extra time to get the most bang for your buck. We also dined at CR's restaurant and took advantage of the Miami Spice menu.  The food was delicious and pretty healthy.  Names of dishes are escaping me a few weeks after the fact, but I can say everything was very tasty and none of us were disappointed with our selections.  We also took advantage of the breakfast buffet at the restaurant the day we left - great selection of fresh fruits, salad bar, and more traditional breakfast options. Overall, whether you're going to detox and fully commit to all the wellness offerings that CR can provide, to just chill with your girlfriends for a weekend away from the chaos of real life, Canyon Ranch offers a phenomenal break from reality.  I cannot wait to return, and hope it's sooner rather than later!
This review is solely based on my experience at the spa. I had the pleasure of visiting the spa at the Canyon Ranch earlier today. As it is currently Miami Spa Month, I was able to receive a 50 min spa treatment for only $99 (+18% gratuity). I opted for the "Body & Sole Renewal", which is a full body massage and foot treatment. My masseuse, Tania Jesus, was fantastic! From the get go, she was so welcoming, polite and genuinely caring. She focused on the areas of my body that were the most tense and left me feeling amazing. I have had many Miami Spa Month services, but this was the certainly the best simply because Tania tailored the experience to me. The extensive spa facilities, known as Aquavana, are also accessible during the Miami Spa Month promotion. Here, you definitely get your money's worth in the facilities alone. The hot tub, sauna, multiple steam rooms, and showers are enough to get anyone relaxed without a spa service. This spa is definitely in my top 5. I look forward to returning sooner than later. Luckily, spa month runs through the end of September!
LOVE.  I stayed here for four days and LOVED everything about it.  The staff was remarkably and exceptionally friendly.  The beach is awesome with lots of chairs and space (they would help you sit in the seat you wanted and we accomodating).  Food service on beach was quick (I was worried based on the reviews).  I did not really stay at the pools because the beach was so nice but the adults only rooftop pool was nice (I went there for an hour).   The spa was awesome.  I also went to their spa in vegas and this one is nicer.  Great staff, awesome space.  I came every day for a couple of hours. The gym was lacking in their ellipitical section and the space to do alternative work (abs/stretching). Classes were super challenging.  I have no idea why people think the classes cater to the elderly because almost every class was too hard (which is a good thing).  The teachers are listed on line only but you can ask a good teacher when they are also teaching classes if you find an instructor you like.  The barre classes were okay--not uniform but good (but if you take barre regularly, I'm not sure you would like it that much).  I wish I could stay in the studios after class to do more exercises with the bar but they kick you out (which was my one complaint). They have a 20-20-20 set up that is good to do.  I found the classes way better than the gym. The food was solid.  My trip came with breakfast and I liked it a lot.  The continental breakfast was expansive and all good.  You could do trail mix, bread, smoked salmon, fruit--it was pricey but worth it.  The omelette was the best hot breakfast thing I had.  The food has all the calories counts and is supposed to be healthier so some flavor is lost in that process. I felt so relaxed at the end of my stay.  It is away from the crowds which is great and there is good food nearby.  There is also a publix for snacks across the street and a cab ride to South  Beach is about $10 (bus is $2.25 cash only and picks you up about three long blocks from the hotel.)
This review is only for the spa. I come here every year during Miami spa month. I am a self proclaimed spa snob and have been to many spas over the years. Hands down canyon ranch is my favorite. It has the best pre-treatment water features of any spa I have been too. As soon as you get to the resort you feel like you are not in Miami and I love that! It is very zen and luxurious in an understated way. While I have had better massages at other places this place wins out because of the spa amenities offered. I have never had a bad massage here, they are usually okay to very good. I always come a few hours before my treatment and spend time using all the different water treatments. My favorite are the different rainforest showers that each have unique shower heads, sounds, lighting, and smells. I also like that it is immaculately clean in the locker room and spa areas with people constantly coming around to clean and mop. The locker rooms and showers are top notch with everything you could ever need provided for you. They have hairspray, lotion, razors, cotton and so on.  I especially like the private change area attached to your shower so you do not have to walk around naked if you don't want to. Some small things I love: healthy delicious trail mix and flavored waters provided complimentary, luxurious robes and super comfy flip flops to wear. Another tip, if your coming for spa month they also have a discounted special fixed menu at the restaurant so we always enjoy a healthy lunch before our treatment. Every year I try new Miami spas but I always find myself comparing them to Canyon Ranch and I always end up coming back to them.
Beautiful lobby and great location.  Group workout classes look fun and vibrant. Pool is a bit uffy...but directly on beach.
Best massage ever for Miami Spa Month and top 3 in my life. Got the body and soul special which was incredibly relaxing and luxurious. Go to the shower, then sauna, finish with the igloo. Then they serve u chamomile tea while u wait for your massage. Perfect end to a holiday weekend.
From start to finish, an amazing experience. Got a nice spa package as a bday present. Best gift ever. The spa was awesome. With aromatherapy, hot/cold rooms, different saunas, indoor and outdoor jacuzzis and pools. I think you could participate in a fitness class too if you wanted, depending on the package you got. My massage was great! 60 min went by so quickly. They have a restaurant...The food did not disappoint either. You will love this place.  I left refreshed and relaxed. And smelling like lavender ;) I want to come back for Miami Spa month!
Enjoyed a wonderful Spa Day at Canyon Ranch in Miami Beach during Spa month in Miami. This is the first time I had been to the Canyon Ranch in Miami Beach as I have been to the one in Las Vegas which is amazing as well. I got the Body & Soul Massage which was amazing and enjoyed all the sauna's and steam room's offered at Aquavana. I will definitely be back for more treatments. I also enjoyed lunch and drinks at the restaurant.
Visited the Spa today for Miami Spa Month. $99 + 18%. This is a great deal! I chose the 50 min soul massage and my masseuse was Michelle. She was excellent!  I highly recommend her. After my massage we got to enjoy the spa ameneties including the Igloo room. All in all, it was one of my top spa experiences.
Truly an amazing and unforgettable experience! I just spent a long weekend here and it was one of the best trips I have ever taken! Everything from the beach, the 4 pools, the beautiful surroundings, the classes and workshops, the spa, the food.. I could go on and on because all were some of the best I have experienced. And I have been to some of the best hotels/spas in the country. The purpose of my trip was to unwind, unplug, reflect, and refresh. And I was definitely able to do that. My heart rate slowed down noticeably when I arrived and stayed that way throughout my weekend. It is nearly impossible to feel stressed or anxious here! I never left the property and felt like I had found my quiet, tranquil oasis amidst the buzz of Miami. Plus, I was upgraded to an ocean view room upon my arrival.. what a wonderful surprise!! And they let me check-in early and check-out late..so nice! My favorite things were my 80 minute hot stone massage (With Debbie, who was one of the best massage therapists I have had), the grass-fed burger at the Grill (see my other review for details..yum!), the property itself (spectacular views!), and the overall peacefulness and tranquility I experienced at Canyon Ranch. This place is also so quiet! No obnoxious people partying all hours of the night.. Some of the negatives were the staff...while most were kind, friendly, and gracious, others had a huge attitude and seemed so unhappy, almost angry. Again, how can anyone be angry at such a magical place? With perfect sunny 80 degree days? Crystal blue ocean outside your window? I don't understand.... In any event, I will definitely be back. I miss it immensely and I just left last night... can't recommend Canyon Ranch highly enough. Go... NOW!
Awful. Just awful. The Tuscon location puts the Miami one to shame. Horrible customer service. Lost THOUSANDS of dollars gifted to me and had no explantation. Do not waste your time.
Amazing. Great staff inside and out. Clean all over. Tons of exercise classes, several pools, great views, right next to the beach. Juice bars, restaurant with buffet, spa, personal trainers, you name it, they have it. You can stay here, never leave the premisses and not miss the outside world. Quiet. Canyon Ranch is like a toned-down version of Fontainebleau, without all the parties and wild tourists. It is expensive but well worth every penny.
Very good customer service, we went in to get a gift from the shop with a certificate we had over 5 years and YUP, still valid (believe it or not). The team was helpful to get the certificate working in their new systems and most importantly were so welcoming to all our questions in terms of the products, etc. Very nice hotel, great location and great service.
#Welcome/Check in: Staff were welcoming and the check-in was quick. They noted our request for a slightly early check in which we appreciated. Initial impressions were that the lobby was gorgeous and sparkling clean. Welcome bags are always a nice touch. #Classes: We did 3-5 fitness classes a day and they were fabulous. The best instructors were by far Jeff, Adam, Barbie, and Susie. (they teach the boxing classes, 20/10 fierce, and beach boot camp). There were also 2 cold and downright mean instructors - the male AA instructor for swim class/weight training and the thin caucasian woman who does cardio kickboxing (we don't know their names bc they never introduced themselves!) Avoid these classes people! Not worth the time to be around such unpleasant people! #Room/pool/amenities: One great thing to note about this property is that everything is IMMACULATE. The turnover service at night is perfection (not a lame put-the-slippers-out kind of turnover service) and if you use an area in the spa then leave, once you blink it will be sterilized and reset for the next person. The pool and beach service guys were extremely accommodating and always looking to help. The cleanliness and attention to detail is remarkable throughout CR Miami. # Spa: Aquavana is great and CR again does a great job with attention to detail - the sounds were peaceful (faint bird noises), the lighting was perfect, the tiling on the walls was artistic and elegant. My favorite experiences were the heated chairs (always my fav at any spa), herbal sauna, and the jacuzzi (of course). My massage itself (Canyon Ranch massage) was not my style at first, but after some guidance  and adjustments my therapist and I hit stride. #Restaurant: the food was hit or miss on taste given that the concept is to have healthy food options. The flatbreads are decent but the portabella sandwich was dry, tasteless, and inedible. The service (in contrast to the service in the hotel) was awful - the servers did not know what ingredients were in the food (ie is this a cream based soup?) and all of the employees there were clueless about the rest of the resort! We tried to ask how to get to movement room 3 after eating lunch and they were clueless. There's a serious disconnect with the restaurant vs the rest of the resort. #Check out/ check in: Sadly after our great stay this really left a sour taste. Eliza was the employee helping us and she was unprofessional and oddly condescending. We were checking out and it was taking a while to process out bill, probably about 10 minutes. During that time she managed to speak ill of her fellow employees, frankly insult us, then attempt to instruct us like children on how/when to go to the airport. We were polite but she was so pushy we actually had to say "Thank you for the advice but I think we can manage. Now can we stop discussing this?"  I am not sure how/why we warranted this treatment from her but it was not a great way to end the trip and reinforced negativity at the finish of our trip. In summary: Classes 4 stars, Facilities 4 stars, Restaurant 3 stars, the rude send off 1 star = averages to 3 stars overall. Not sure if I will be returning.
As I should already know, I should not have any expectations of a place with a big hype around town. I went this week to this property to join some friends who were celebrating a Birthday with a relaxation day at this property. Prior my arrival they were at the Spa and had very disappointing reviews about the service over all. We met at their restaurant at the lobby. First of all the hostess was very persistent about us identifying ourselves and explaining who we were. After we were finally seated, things went south... The menu was short, simple and not inviting at all. The waiter didn't know his specials or the soup of the day. Then he offered us a black bean soup with tomato sauce (ewwww). We proceed to order a club sandwich and 2 Caesar salads. Neither had a good presentation or taste. We order every condiment available to make it taste like something, but our efforts were in vein. They do not offer commercial drinks as Pepsi or coke. They have "in house" sodas I ordered a ginger ale, which turned out to be my favorite thing about my entire day at this place. My friends watermelon lemonade was an OK rendition of a kook aid. Meanwhile, it started to rain and those who were out in the pool started to come in to seek shelter. To my surprise the floor was extremely slippery and 3 people slipped and fell in front of us. No hotel personnel was there to aid those guests or at least put up signs or something! We told the waiter and he just said "oh yes, the floor gets slippery" and walked away... So after our disappointing restaurant experience, we went to the beach. A nice young man came set up the lounge chairs and an umbrella. We asked for a server to maybe place a drink order and the only thing he could offer was room temperature water on tiny cups. He mentioned that someone will be there shortly... You can imagine what happened.... no one ever came!!!! The only person that we sever saw again was another beach attendant who came to tell us that in about 28 minutes we had to return our "equipment" because they needed to end their shift and put away the umbrellas and the rest. So after all we got kicked out!!!!!! What else an I say about our birthday celebration that went sour!!!!
Let's start with the positive: Great spa area that's included when you stay at the hotel (minus services) and steps away from the beach (which was beautiful). Now onto the rest: First off, I booked on Hotwire and feel as if we were treated as second class citizens from the moment we walked into the door. This is the main reason for my low score and review of this hotel. I don't care where people book, they should all be treated the same way. The room: We were put in what I consider to be the worst room on the property: second floor, right next to the elevator with a view of a wall and a teenie tiny sliver of ocean... if you stand on your toes. When I asked if we could move to a different room, my request was promptly denied because no other room at "our rate" was available. On top of that, the room was not five star standards: There were long female hairs all over the shower and bathroom floor (my parter and I are both men with short hair), the bathroom finish out was cheap and the TV in our living room didn't even work. The bed and pillows were very nice. Food and Beverage: Overpriced. Heads up to management: you can make organic, healthy food that still tastes good. I'm all about eating healthy but what we had was not cuisine up to par with a five star resort. Our french toast was sliced bread that had been warmed up with a mediocre fruit cup. Cocktails were not up to par either. Very strong pours (if you're into that) with little attention to how the drinks taste. I don't know about you, but I would rather have a drink that tastes good and is a bit weaker as opposed to a strong one that tastes gross. Spa/Resort: Was great. Pricing on par with what you would expect for a high end spa and a really nice treatment area. The grounds were well kept and the best part was the beach. A few steps from the hotel and very nice staff that are happy to set everything up for you. There is a cocktail waitress that works very limited hours. We arrived to the beach at 9AM and were told she didn't arrive until 11A. That in itself is annoying but was even worse when she didn't show up until 11:45A. Five star hotel should equal five star service, especially on the beach! We didn't partake in any group fitness classes during our stay but that didn't stop us from hearing them the entire time. Even all the way on the beach you can hear Timmy's Boxing class. Nothing says relaxing time on the beach like some dude screaming at people. All and all: Not worth the price at all, would not recommend.
Spa was great.   Massages have been good to great.   Prices are very very high.
Do you ever have a day that you wish all your stress could be squished up in a little ball and thrown Jordan-style in the trash?! Canyon Ranch can do that! I love their attention to detail. One thing that made me feel great was right before the treatment you are taken to an area with a bowl of beautiful stones. You can pick a stone and use that as reflection of your stay. I still have mine and I still can say this was Awesome! I remember first coming here for a Yelp event, and Canyon Ranch stuck in my mind ever since then. It has such a relaxing feel even when you first pull up the driveway. So when I got the opportunity to get the full experience of Canyon Ranch with one of my nearest and dearest best friends for a spa day, it was everything I remembered and more. Two services you MUST try: The Aquavana Experience and the Mud Rooms. It will change your life! Ok so here it goes: The Aquavana Experience is like an aqua-themed lounge, It's perfectly equipped with custom steam rooms, saunas and themed "rain" rooms. Men and women are separate, and I liked this a lot. You change into your bathing suit, get your robe and it's like a kid in a candy store, err um, spa store!- my advice: stay in here as long as you can! They have thermal baths to melt your problems away. There's also an array of aroma rain shower rooms complete with different settings like monsoon or summer mist- they emit fragrance and specialized heat according to the setting as well as the water pressure..... Aaaaaaaahhhhhh If you dare, there's an ice room with fragrances like peppermint and eucalyptus , but don't worry, no Popsicle freezing- the water only sprays as a mist in this room (whew!) Ok another Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh Stay in the Aquavana area for at least an hour here.... At least! There's so much more to enjoy,because that was only the beginning! (but those were my favorites!)     one more Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, and it only gets better :) When it's time for your treatment you head to a room where they serve you tea and fresh apples. By this time you have transformed to bliss- mode I kid you not! So my friend and I had the opportunity to do a Dead-Sea mud treatment. Make sure you go with someone that is comfortable in their own skin, because you do need to strip down for this one...Oh but it is life changing!!! No worries about strangers here...you get a private room and locked doors. You get 3 types of mud: One for the face, one for the body, and one for the hands and feet. Step 1: Get Naked, Step 2: Apply Mud Evenly, Step 3: Eat Apples and Drink Cucumber Infused Water. ;p Let the mud dry a little and then you step into the connecting Private Sauna Room. Sit on a towel and close your eyes...You sweat, you breathe in, you breathe out, you relax, you talk, you laugh, and your skin absorbs all that mineral rich mud...and I swear time freezes for a moment. Ok here's the cool part: 45 minutes later the showers from above automatically turn on and it's the most refreshing feeling ever! Smooth, baby soft skin never felt better! The service was impeccable, every detail made an impact on my friend and I, and we enjoyed every minute of our stay here. I cannot wait to return! I guess it's only fitting to end this review with another Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh! Thank you so much for a wonderful time!
I owed a certain someone a couples massage and was at the point where I could no longer dodge scheduling said massage, so imagine to my delight when I saw banners for "Miami Spa Month" flying around the city.  After reviewing all of the spa deals out there, I decided to go with Canyon Ranch since they seemed to offer the most for my $116.82/person ($99 Miami Spa deal + 18% included gratuity).   They say to be there for an hour before your massage appointment so you can have an hour of the "Aquavana Experience" before you get your massage.  I'd recommend arriving an hour and a half before your appointment, because by the time you're done with all of the check-in stuff and orientation (and the fact that you should be in the relaxation room about 10 minutes before your appointment) that will be enough time to give you a solid hour in the Aquavana area.  Aquavana, for the uninitiated, is an area with a jacuzzi, 2 saunas (one regular hot sauna and a warm, scented sauna), a steam room, a cool room (that you can jump into from the steam room), a couple of foot soaks, showers (where they play nature sounds and have mood lighting), and heated loungers.  Aquavana is connected to the locker rooms, so there is a men's and women's area but no co-ed.   Since I arrived an hour before my appointment, by the time I was done charging my card and going through orientation, I had about 25 minutes to do the Aquavana thing before my appointment, so I was dashing around from the jacuzzi to the showers to the steam room just figuring out what I liked the best.  But here's the best part, even though I didn't get to spend much time before my massage, I was really sampling everything for afterward, because they're basically no-rush.  After the massage appointment, we were told we could stick around in Aquavana as long as we wanted.  The front desk clerk went so far as to say we could leave, get lunch (Canyon Ranch has its own restaurant and Norman's is right across the street), come back and get right back in there.  I was impressed, to say the least.   After my initial Aquavana time was up, one of the locker room attendants escorted me down to the relaxation room.  The relaxation room is basically a bunch of loungers with a few magazines spread around.  It's really just a place for you to cool down from Aquavana - nothing special.  I had the Swedish massage.  I can't say I'm much of a massage connoisseur (heck, this was the first time I've ever been to a spa in my life), but the massage was nice but nothing Earth-shattering.  I was relaxed enough that I dozed off for a few minutes near the end of the massage.  The only thing I remember thinking was that the massage felt kind of short.  The 50 minutes went by pretty fast.   After the massage, I went back to Aquavana and hung out for another hour between the jacuzzi, showers (the Caribbean and Atlantic settings were my favorites), and sauna.  The locker rooms there are full-service - as in, you can go to there and they'll provide you everything you need to clean up - showers, razors, shaving cream, toothbrushes, toothpaste, combs, brushes, hair dryers, deodorant so you don't necessarily have to budget time to go back home and get ready if you want to go somewhere after.   I was further surprised after I was about ready to check out, that they told me that I could check out the gym below or the rooftop pool, if I wanted.  I didn't even think that I had access to that stuff included.  YMMV, maybe the staff was just being accommodating on that day, but needless to say I was quite pleasantly surprised.  In that same vein, I have nothing but compliments for the staff.  They were amazing - very helpful and nothing but nice. I give this place 4 stars, because I'm not a massage/spa person, so there may be better out there and maybe my results are fairly typical of a high-end spa and nothing extraordinary.  But I can't really think of much else that could've the made experience much better or more relaxing without involving Megan Fox.  Ha ha ha, just kidding...maybe.  So, if you're looking to get a massage, I definitely recommend Canyon Ranch and say go for the massage and stay for the amenities.
Still the Best Spa in Miami Beach. A friend and I came back this week for the Mayaimi Hands & Feet treat, emphasis on the feet. Our legs, feet and toes were treated to a bubbly coconut milk bath, scrubbed with honey, lime and brown sugar, wrapped in paraffin wax and meticulously groomed and massaged. We even got to keep the bottles of polish that we chose for our nail color. The manicure was nice too and provided much-needed maintenance for my cuticles and nail-beds. I think my friend is now a fellow Aquavana addict. Love this place!
2nd time here and I love this place. The service is fantastic.  The food is healthy and delicious. The spa is sick!  I loved the igloo and found it hard to leave. A very relaxing place without having to deal with drunks, drugs, smokers and annoying party scene. Def not Fontainebleau or Lowes.  I want to buy a condo here.
There are little slices of heaven on earth...and one of them is Canyon Ranch Spa.   My friend and I have super stressful jobs (doesn't everyone ;) so we decided to splurge on ourselves for Miami Spa Month. The gorgeous aquarium at check-in instantly relaxes you, then you are escorted to the most exquisite locker room complete with private shower/change rooms, all the necessities you could possibly need (even a swimsuit dryer!), you change into a plush robe and enter nirvana- I mean aquavana. My favorite of all the aquavana experiences was the Herbal Laconium. Not as hot as the Finnish Sauna, but warm and soothing with lavender scented oils and meditation inducing alcoves to nestle in.  The Tropical Rain shower was a close 2nd, sending you for a moment into your own private rainforest.  I also liked that when I was enjoying the foot soak, a spa attendant smiled and offered me a refreshing lemon-infused ice water. mmmm...I was then sent into bliss by my wonderful masseuse, India. We stayed for hours, having lunch at the Grill overlooking the tranquil ocean waves and cloudless blue sky. Try the artichoke "fries" and watermelon mint water, delish! The only regretful part was having to leave.
Horrible customer service.  After a suggestion from a fellow Yelper to contact them to see if they would honor discounted rates for our large group, I couldn't get a straight answer for 20 minutes.  I was transferred from the main Canyon Ranch line, to the Miami front desk, who transferred me over to the spa line, and the receptionist person wanted to transfer me back to front desk.  Horrible.  I never got a straight answer, even after explaining to every single person that we had a large group for a bachlorette party and heard they had th best spa.I wanted to see if they would honor Massage Month's prices or at least offer the prices of the competitors' prices.  The last person I spoke with was Alex, with the spa area and he was very unhelpful guess it's a no go to Canyon Ranch.
I suppose this is more of a three-star (read: meh) review for my Miami Spa Month treatment more than anything. The hotel is gorgeous -- well appointed spaces, cool decor, sweet location blah, blah, blah. But I went to the spa today (it's extremely gorgeous and spacious and there's even an IGLOO!) and was absolutely disappointed with my Miami Spa Month special facial. Yes, I know I was only shelling out $99 but still, I expected a little more than a face mask and facial massage. I mean, seriously, I expect extractions and a nice, deep neck massage at the least. But the Miami Spa Month facial is literally a steam, mask and a pimple or two popped. Fail! I am a huge fan of Spa Month yet at the same time, I don't think it's an excuse to offer sub-par services. My gal pals got massages and they said the same thing -- barely any pressure whatsoever. I say, of you're going to open your doors to all, try to impress us.
Ok kids I have been here three times now..first time it was a poor mans version of CR Tucson ...second time it was cool but not quite right..third time it was awesome! Can't be compared to Canyon Ranch Tucson at all. It is it's own place and has come into it's own power. If you have been to another CR before you will see and feel the same philosophy and concepts but with it's own special twist. An international vacation/urban feel. Food is unique and healthy and a fine addition to Miami,  the staff is a very professional Latin style and the rooms are ultra modern but each one is a vacation home in and of itself. The gym is gorgeous with a spectacular view, the spa is one of a kind and world class, the body workers are tops but overall the thing that makes this five star is the combination of service, style, philosophy and a very talented management team. Not to mention a world class medical, lifestyle and fitness team. I left with a fitness plan that works in my life...not a concept...something I can live with and do regularly in a busy day even! Environment is stronger than will and in CR Miami I vacationed, had fun and yet left a few pounds lighter, more flexible and most of all clear headed and ready to tackle the world! Don't miss it!
Really they deserve 5 stars for the facilities and most of their staff members, but they lost one to a nasty spa receptionist. When I arrived they were slammed with spa month goers, but there was one receptionist who was free. Yet, she still ignored me until I spoke up. Then when she begrudgingly checked me in she was not welcoming or pleasant and as soon as I paid for my salon and spa services she failed to tell me where to go next when the other staff members were walking people in so I felt that the day was not off to a good start. However, once inside the staff were wonderful and accommodating and even pleasant despite all the traffic from the spa month people. My massage was wonderful and the waiting area is very relaxing and well stocked with great magazines. I also love the hot tea they offer. But, the reason to go here is clearly Aquavana. It offers unparalleled relaxation and luxury. There are 7 different largely water-related ways to relax which are all wonderful and meant to be intermingled with visits to their rain showers that offer 3 different temperatures with  rain-like drops and light therapy which work together to melt away your stress. The herbal laconium is one of my favorites parts of the spa, but I love it all. They also manage to keep their pristine showers fully stocked wwith wonderful bath gels and products. They ensure that each person has a towel and a wash cloth waiting. The dressing area offers lovely vanities and most any product you would ever need including face wash, sunblock and even hair bands. They do however need a few more hair dryers and be sure to be prepared to bring your own hair styling products and facial moisturizer. While they do offer hairspray, deodorant and gel the products are not exactly of the same caliber as their cleansers and lotions so I recommend bringing your own. I also highly recommend ending your spa day with a meal at the grill- their  food is healthy and delicious.
So far our stay has been great. All of the staff are very nice and helpful. We had some juice from the juice bar made with beats. I never knew beats could be juiced. The spa is amazing. Go to the igloo.
This is a hidden treasure.  I found it only because I was crashing a friend's friend bachelorette weekend....ok..I wasn't really crashing....they knew I was coming...but I didn't know the bachelorette or most of the ladies until this weekend.  Now we are besties! Ok...back to Canyon Ranch Hotel - first of all-- this can be an expensive get-a-away...but they worked with us -- there were 10 of us so they gave the group rates.   There was a minute where they lost my keys - but totally forgiven - it was on another peg...they comped my parking for the weekend for the inconvenience. The place is clean, quiet and the staff is pleasant.  They honored the $99 Miami Spa Month Special...otherwise the prices can be pricey.   They have complimentary Aquavina -- sauna, steam room, showers, polar room etc. The suites are large - two beds and living room...some suites have two bedrooms (4 beds/2 baths).  The bathtub is deep and the shower separate.  The loo is in it's own little room...so English! The pool/beach staff are polite, prompt and professional.  Remember to tip.   If you don't just want to lay around tanning - you can join the many health and fitness classes offered....all included with the room rate - with the exception of the rock climbing class. I MUST find time (and money) to make this a regular treat.
I had a wonderful time here with my friend during spa month. After a disappointing experience at and Spa V at the Victor we had our hopes up on a wonderful Sunday. When we arrived we were cordially greeted by the valet and then escorted to the elevator. When we checked in we were given a yummy green tea with pineapple and and mint. They tell you at Canyon Ranch to get there an hour ahead of time to enjoy their Aquavana room and I thoroughly agree. They have the craziest facilities to indulge in and for no extra charge! There are these little alcoves with three different buttons: Artic Mist, tropical storm, and Caribean monsoon ( something like that). Anyway Artic mist soothes you with mists of cool water and accompanying sounds. The tropical storm changes water pressure with different spurts of warm water along with color changing lights. The monsoon one was my favorite. Changing warm water pressure along with noises of the tropics and blowing winds and then the lights flash like your in a lighting storm. It was so cool. I just closed my eyes and daydreamed. The steam room was delightful. I never felt claustrophobic like I do in allot of steam rooms and the heat wasn't overwhelming. There was also another warm room that I can't remember what it is called but it was all tile with four different thrown-like chairs that you sit it. It was only 108 degrees and was filled with herbal scents. The whirlpool was great as well with all these lovely bubbles enveloping you. After hanging around in the aquavana room all day you start to get hot and they have this amazing room called the Igloo. Its a fully tiled domed room with three different buttons that distributed scented mists: Eucalyptus, menthol and mint...AMAZING! This place was my heaven When it was time for my facial I was taken to the relaxation room to wait for the lady to come get me. The facial was OK. It was only 50 minutes which is not long at all. I can only imagine that when it's not spa month a 50 min facial is probably double and I wouldn't pay for that ( except maybe for the aquavana room). When I get facials I RELY on the extractions and she barely touched them. I left with the same amount of blackheads that I came in with, which is really disappointing. Anyways besides that like I said the facial was alright, its really all about the aquavana room! Customer service was amazing and the only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because my facial was not the best it could have been.
So expensive. Holy cow. But if you have the money, it's well worth it. The spa is incredible and the staff is so helpful.
White Sand Beach & Blue Ocean Warm Waters & Balmy Breezes.... I love this place.  Healthy mind, spirit and body is the point of all my visits. A few tips:  The light show rain showers in the the spa are a MUST.  The mango martinis by the pool or beach are divine.  And definitely try the Sunset pool in the afternoon.   I'm a repeat guest at least a few times a year.  Nuff said.
Spa and Salon really good here, I get my haircut with lead stylist Michael, I completely recommend it, their salon staff is awesome. I love to take care of my feet and hands, so pedicure and manicure with organic products is the best. Ladies, love the pedicure and manicure treatments, you'll love the Canyon Ranch especially my girl Marisel, she's pretty awesome. If you get hungry, and want some good healthy clean food, try the Canyon Ranch Grill, thats where I always enjoy my "Purple Pillows".
This has to be one of the most amenities filled vacations ever. You are invited to attend one or all of their ongoing daily classes or just walk on the beach. The rooms are amazing and the scent of lavender and chamomile fills the air evoking relaxation. The meals at the Grille were all exceptional and it is especially nice to know that someone else took the time to count the calories and fat percentages for every meal. This is the perfect long weekend get away.
SO.... since it was Miami Spa Month I decided to check it out! The SPA is amazingggg! I got the aromotherapy massage.....mmmmmmm so nice~ then after headed to the waiting room for some apples, snack mix and tea. Then headed to the whirepools where it was sooo relaxing There have ice cool showers and rainforest showers with different themes was s nice I was meditating and in a different world! $99(tip not included ) deal for miami spa month was sooo worth it!
Not nearly as good as it used to be. Kids everywhere. Spin studio is hot and stuffy. Meredith was a great instructor and room was nice. Better hotels in miami for same price.
I've never written in yelp before, but this one really made me do it. Do NOT stay here! You don't get what you pay for. Very disappointing
Amazing amazing spa facilities! The best I have gone to ... by far!  Love the acquavanna experience.  Its not as large as the Lapis Spa at the Fountainebleau but I think its more interesting as there are a variety of experiences and I love the infusions of aroma therapy alongside the water experience. My favorite is the igloo room!  What a refreshing way to cool down after you spent some time in the sauna.  No one else I know has something like this AND the hotel and gym facilities are great!  Again, not as big as some of the other big named hotels (Fountainebleau) but facilities are still nice without the pretentiousness of Miami Beach.
I was able to experience Canyon Ranch during Miami Spa month and found it to be amazing! You could spend an entire afternoon enjoying their water experience, lounging and of course getting a great massage. The water experience includes a variety of things from an igloo room, steam room with lavender scents, rain showers and more.  The variety of temperatures is supposed to be great for your body and was different from anything I had previously done. I found everyone to be very friendly and helpful, especially considering they were much busier due to the Miami Spa month special.
Stayed here for a week over Thanksgiving - there was some good and some bad. Here's my take: Fitness classes were really inconsistent. Some were incredible and some were just meh. I was expecting every class to be amazing (since they pride themselves on healthy living here...) but I had a few instructors that were really disappointing. My favorites were hands down Meredith and Alex. Also, took a really good spin class with Jason. The instructor names weren't on the schedule and I didn't want to be rude and walk out so I ended up just asking my favorite instructors what they were teaching each day so I could make sure to go to their classes and avoid the sucky ones. This was just a little irritating. I guess I just thought Canyon Ranch would have the "best of the best" and that wasn't really the case. Also, I was annoyed by the pool layout. There was only one pool that was adults only and it was really windy and kind of cold and there were aqua classes there throughout the day with loud music. Every other pool I went to - North Tower, Sunset, etc - were just overrun with shouting kids. It didn't make for a very spa-like experience. It seems like Canyon Ranch should just make the pool with the snack bar the one for the kiddies and let the adults have their quiet time at the other 3 (or 2! Just give the adults a better option!) Things that were great: The beach! The beach was relaxing, gorgeous, and the attendants are amazing. They set up your chair wherever you ask and even give you tips about how to angle yourself depending on the sun that day. I also loved aquavana. It was so lovely and relaxing, and again, the spa staff was accommodating and friendly. They were very attentive without being pushy or intrusive and just helped to create a "zen" atmosphere. I might be back again later this year, but I think management has some work to do with the class schedule. I'd love to see a Step class added (maybe there is one and I just missed it?) and more introductory yoga in the ocean studio. In general, it was a great vacation, just not the five star experience I was hoping for. I've heard the Mandarin Oriental treats guests better and offers superior service. Might try that next time.
Never returning to this spa ever again. The first thing my boyfriend and I did once we got there was go to the beach. I was dying to lay out, have a cocktail and some nice seafood while enjoying a beautiful day in Miami. We were taken to our lounge chairs and I immediately asked for them to send us a waiter since we were starving. After about 20 minutes of waiting for someone to come the waiter finally made it over. When he got to us he asked if we were ready to order, I told him there was no way we could be ready since we had not even received a menus or gotten anything to drink! He seemed like he was too lazy to go back and get us a menus so he told us four different dishes off the top of his head and again asked us what we wanted to order. I asked him if those were the only choices he had and he said yes. Feeling skeptical I asked him that I would like to see a menu anyway and we ordered piña coladas to start. After about 15 min he came back with menus (no drinks) and I was not surprised that the menus actually had many more options to choose from than what he had originally said. We finally ordered and hoped things would turn around, of course they didn't. It took about a half hour for him to finally bring out drinks and the piña coladas were discussing. They were not even drinkable, both of us had to toss them. The food came about an hour later in a brown bag, the waiter dropped it off, made us pay the bill and left. I honestly don't even remember what I got I just remember it was awful. Needless to say the waiter NEVER came back to pick up our dirty glasses and plate ware or ask us if everything was ok. About two hours later we saw him with what seemed to be his friends whom he took to sit in lounge chairs right behind us. The waiter sat with them and smoked a joint right there in the middle of his shift about ten feet from us. At this point I was sick of being around dirty dishes and ridiculously bad service so we decided to go to the spa... I get to the spa after that horrible dining/beach experience in the need for some serious relaxation. I enter the locker room and stop at the front desk where there are about three women chitchatting. I'm standing there for at least 1 min before they acknowledge me and ask what I need. I told them that it was my first time there and that I needed a locker. They give me a pair of shoes and tell me I could use any open locker, they turn back around and keep talking amongst themselves. I walk in and find a locker. As I'm changing a cleaning lady parked a huge towel bin right behind me. I uncomfortably slip into my robe with the limited space I was left and walked towards where they have the water treatments. Once I got in the aqua lounge I was lost, there was no one round to give me a tour or show me how each water room worked. I was so irritated at this point that I went straight to the "relaxation" room until my time for the massage came up and skipped the aqua treatments. The music in this room was really loud and there was a rattle in one of the air conditioner vents that was also extremely loud. Defiantly no relaxation going on here. The masseuse called me in a and to make a long story short after 2 hours of massage I walked out of there limping, literally! Hands down worst massage ever! I repeatedly asked the guy to go softer and he would progressively start massaging harder and harder until I had to stop him again because I was in so much pain. This happened over and over again about 5 times. I was dying for it to be over! At the end he massaged my feet and did something that made my foot cramp so bad I limped all the way up to my room... The end.
Never returning to this spa ever again. The first thing my boyfriend and I did once we got there was go to the beach. I was dying to lay out, have a cocktail and some nice seafood while enjoying a beautiful day in Miami. We were taken to our lounge chairs and I immediately asked for them to send us a waiter since we were starving. After about 20 minutes of waiting for someone to come the waiter finally made it over. When he got to us he asked if we were ready to order, I told him there was no way we could be ready since we had not even received a menus or gotten anything to drink! He seemed like he was too lazy to go back and get us a menus so he told us four different dishes off the top of his head and again asked us what we wanted to order. I asked him if those were the only choices he had and he said yes. Feeling skeptical I asked him that I would like to see a menu anyway and we ordered piña coladas to start. After about 15 min he came back with menus (no drinks) and I was not surprised that the menus actually had many more options to choose from than what he had originally said. We finally ordered and hoped things would turn around, of course they didn't. It took about a half hour for him to finally bring out drinks and the piña coladas were discussing. They were not even drinkable, both of us had to toss them. The food came about an hour later in a brown bag, the waiter dropped it off, made us pay the bill and left. I honestly don't even remember what I got I just remember it was awful. Needless to say the waiter NEVER came back to pick up our dirty glasses and plate ware or ask us if everything was ok. About two hours later we saw him with what seemed to be his friends whom he took to sit in lounge chairs right behind us. The waiter sat with them and smoked a joint right there in the middle of his shift about ten feet from us. At this point I was sick of being around dirty dishes and ridiculously bad service so we decided to go to the spa... I get to the spa after that horrible dining/beach experience in the need for some serious relaxation. I enter the locker room and stop at the front desk where there are about three women chitchatting. I'm standing there for at least 1 min before they acknowledge me and ask what I need. I told them that it was my first time there and that I needed a locker. They give me a pair of shoes and tell me I could use any open locker, they turn back around and keep talking amongst themselves. I walk in and find a locker. As I'm changing a cleaning lady parked a huge towel bin right behind me. I uncomfortably slip into my robe with the limited space I was left and walked towards where they have the water treatments. Once I got in the aqua lounge I was lost, there was no one round to give me a tour or show me how each water room worked. I was so irritated at this point that I went straight to the "relaxation" room until my time for the massage came up and skipped the aqua treatments. The music in this room was really loud and there was a rattle in one of the air conditioner vents that was also extremely loud. Defiantly no relaxation going on here. The masseuse called me in a and to make a long story short after 2 hours of massage I walked out of there limping, literally! Hands down worst massage ever! I repeatedly asked the guy to go softer and he would progressively start massaging harder and harder until I had to stop him again because I was in so much pain. This happened over and over again about 5 times. I was dying for it to be over! At the end he massaged my feet and did something that made my foot cramp so bad I limped all the way up to my room... The end.
My credit card was charged for a night I didn't stay after management said it wouldn't. Upon leaving an extra night was added to our statement. This hotel is hurting for money. The key-lime pie at the lounge was small and expensive. After talking to other guest we decided not to eat at the restaurant. We will stay at another resort the next time.
I have been here twice, and I have mixed reviews.  My first stay was amazing, Canyon Ranch staff are generally excellent, top notch, and can see stress a mile away.  My second visit was off, the staff seemed unhappy.  I was confused as I understand that staff happiness is a key principle of Canyon Ranch.  I hope that was an off visit and that  when I return, all is well again, so I can be.
So I finally found heaven in Miami Beach. I was always intrigued by Canyon Ranch since seeing their spa at the Venetian in Vegas. I went on a recommendation by a friend, I had already gone to the Ritz in Key Biscayne and Doral, and this one blew them away. We made reservations for the 50 min facial at 2pm but got there early to take in the spa services and the beach. The personnel at the spa were beyond helpful and sweet. One of the attendants kept bringing me water as I was laying on the hot stone bed without my asking. The amenities and services at this spa were better than any that I mentioned above. We also had lunch at their grill place. Their whirlpool was worth the money alone. It had individual seats with different configurations of jets. The hot stone beds were a godsend. Ooo and they had this neat little contraption that dries your swimsuit in one minute. The best part was my facial. I went without makeup for five days, my face was glowing. Three weeks later and there is still little breakout along my problem areas. Definitely recommend this place and can't wait for Miami Spa Month next year to visit them again.
yesterday i spent the day at canyon ranch spa with the miami spa month 99 deal. i had been looking forward to it for weeks since their reputation is outstanding. i arrived about 1.5 hrs early (should have done a solid 2 maybe even 2.5) took the elevator up the 4th floor for check in, i thought it was a little weird that i had to pay in advance, including automatic tip. what if i wanted to give extra? they escorted us into the locker area where there was another check in for slippers and locker assignments. i was quite shocked how big the locker area was, over 100 lockers. my friends locker key didnt work, so the attendant who was supposed to give us a tour of facilities took it back to clear it, but never came back. after several minutes my friend went back to front desk to  request the key so we can get started. we waited for the girl to come back for tour and when she didnt we just asked another attendant. the acquavana experience is amazing. a scented steam room, a regular sauna, a scented mild sauna, the igloo, an infinity jacuzzi, 3 heated loungers, foot soak, 3 experience showers. you could spend hours in there testing everything out.   the igloo was my favorite bc its the only thing i had never seen before at other spas. its a really cold room, there are 3 scents (mint, menthol and eucalyptus) you push the button of your choice, or all 3, and a strong freezing mist comes down on you to cool you down after the hot treatments. there were some girls being very loud and un-spa like, which was a bit distracting. the place was pretty packed for a weekday. i thought canyon ranch wouldve been more exclusive. but i guess during the 99 deal you have to expect the unexpected. you are escorted down to the relaxation room where there is a 3rd check in (starting to think they are keeping tabs on you) the relaxation room really wasnt too relaxing since people (including the employees) were not using their whisper voices, but it was dim and cozy with reading material and fresh water. they do use plastic pitchers and plastic cups which i thought was a little bit of a let down for canyon ranch. they also bring you tea bc they dont have a tea/ snack station for guests to use on their own. my massage therpaist was the last to pick me up. my 4pm appt was delayed until 409. i figured i would still get my full 50 minutes, but was shorted since i was the first to arrive back at the relaxation room at 453. after discussing with my friend, i missed out on the scalp massage portion of my abyanga massage.  also my therapsit had a weird hiccup/snort thing going on the entire massage which was quite distracting, literally he made this sound several times per minute. i guess the ocd part of me started concentrating on that instead of my deep breathing and full relaxation. i did love the abyanga massage. its an indian ritual using hot oils and long strokes. i have to give credit where credit is deserved, my therapist had great hands. only if he had a muzzle and a watch, it wouldve been perfect!! i went back up to the acquavana to relax and use all the facilites again. it was great bc there were only 2 other women using it now since it was getting late. it was nice and quiet and peaceful, and i was finally able to relax. but that was shortlived since i had to go home and walk/feed the dog - loll. overall canyon ranch is very nice, its a huge facility, i recommend going on a weekday to avoid crowds. they offer a variety of treatments that cant be found anywhere else in miami. they arent pushy about selling you products or giving recommendations, which is nice. my only other minor gripe is that i dont like having an actual key, i prefer the locker combination locks; its just easier to not have to worry about a key, especially since ther are no pockets in the robes. but their acquavana experience is worth it in itself.
Wow is all I have to say.  I had the most amazing experience at Canyon Ranch for Miami Spa month.  My girlfriend and I read the reviews on Yelp and planned on getting to Canyon Ranch an hour or so early to enjoy the Aquavana experience.  Right when we valeted (valet parking is free btw--great perk), we were escorted by a very friendly concierge to the elevator.  It was really nice having somebody greet us like that.  When we arrived at the check in, we were served a delicious green tea/pineapple/mint drink.  It was a nice touch to the experience.  After being given our key, we went to the locker rooms where we were able to pick out our own sized slippers.  I have tiny feet, so whenever I go to the spa and have to wear the ONE SIZE FITS  ALL slippers, I end up feeling like Bozo the clown in huge boat shoes.  I liked having small slippers that actually fit me. Once we changed, we went into the Aquavana room.  We had a blast.  The rain shower was UNREAL.  I have never experienced anything like it.  You go into a shower and press either POLAR MIST, CARIBBEAN MONSOON, or ATLANTIC RAIN (something like that).  Depending on what you choose, the water is either cold, hot, misting, pounding, etc.  The lights flash, just like a thunder storm and in the background you can hear the sounds of the Caribbean or the Rain forest.  SOOOO COOL!!  They also have an Igloo room, which has 3 different scents of water: Eucalyptus, Mint, and Spearmint.  The water mists down on you and is chilly, but it is so refreshing.  There is also a steam room, sauna, scented room, heated marble lounger chairs, whirl pool, and foot baths.  I was in heaven. When you walk to get your massage, you are told to pick out a rock to keep from this healing rock pile.  I picked out a tiger eye rock.  The rock was supposed to keep me grounded--another interesting touch to the experience.  My massage was interesting.  My masseuse did all sorts of stretches with me which was great.  He also used a lot of oil which I loved.  I am used to getting deep tissue massages, so this was nice change from the usual.  I was a little disappointed though because my masseuse did not put an eye mask on me.  When the massage was finished and I was putting my robe back on, I noticed an eye mask sitting on the counter, but he never asked if I wanted to use it.  Also, my massage was supposed to be 50 minutes long, and it definitely was not 50 minutes...more like 45.   After our treatments, my friend and I went make in the Aquavana area to enjoy the whirl pool and sauna.  Although I got gyped on my massage, the Aquavana experience made up for it.  We spent about another hour relaxing there.  After that, we showered and got dressed.  The shower/changing room has everything that you could possibly need (brushes, combs, hairspray, gel, deodorant, etc etc).  It was very nice.  When we left, we went up to the rooftop pool for a bit.  It was beautiful and EMPTY.  Nobody was up there.  We then went down to the beach and were able to get chairs and towels--for FREE.  I think we wooed the towel boy.   Over all, I left Canyon Ranch completely relaxed and in a happy place.  This has been the best spa experience I have ever received in Miami.
We checked in for the weekend recently, and could not have been more pleased. No snooty attitudes, no fashionista competitions beachside; a true relaxing, healing, elegant vacation! We decided to stay on the property for the entire vacation to really experience the intention of wellness. This was a great decision, there are several fitness/stretch/relax technique classes every hour. The only difficult choice was trying to fit it all in. We tried gyrokinesis and loved it, then kinetics, and enjoyed that, too. We showed up for the pool power hour and were pleasantly surprised by the difficulty level. Every class offers the participants a way to "bump it up"; they do a great job of coaching all levels in the same class. The classes ran small, which I prefer, and very few required a sign up in advance. Truly a go with the flow atmosphere... As for the spa, fantastic! We chose off hours, and found the experience to be very quiet. The aquavana is amazing, and the first day I had the rooms all to myself. The attendants were wonderful, they came to cushion my head on the heated lounger, and to offer a cold compress. The towels were plentiful, the cleanliness exceptional. I clipped my electronic key onto the belt loop of the robe, no biggie. They have thought of everything you may need in the shower, the changing room, and the vanity. The products they offered were very nice. All three days I enjoyed a spa service, and all three days I was in heaven. The teas offered gave me a nice warm, relaxing feeling as I waited for my service. Both of us had three excellent days of deep tissue, thallosian, canyon ranch massages. The deep tissue was exceptional. The food was very good, and offered each of us a chance to shed our need for loaded carbs. Meals were laced with fresh fruits and vegetables expertly prepared. they were filling and reasonable priced. Our favorite each night was the shrimp ceviche appetizer to start, with jicama and red pepper matchsticks it was delicious. We sampled many of the organic wines, and found several that we enjoyed. We were seated alone each night, and truly felt like we were able to converse; no loud people, no cell phones allowed...heaven. The grounds include lots of calm places to rest. One evening we lounged in a large, partially covered lounger for two and watched the stars. During the days, the beach and both pools offered lovely, quiet lounge choices, and refreshing places to cool off. The resort was the best place to spend a nasty, rainy day; we just called the salon and spa and stayed indoors! For three days I never blew out my hair, never had the urge to apply make-up, never felt rushed or hurried.... and never felt as if I was out of place. Mission accomplished!
This place is amazing.  I went off season, so it was relatively cheaper (lower rates, plus they had a "stay three nights, get the fourth free" special - a definite plus.  They had fitness classes all day (everything from stretching to yoga to cycling to boxing to zumba).  If you're not into the fitness thing, no problem.  They also have a variety of lectures.  And, the best part: the spa (Aquavana)!  They a number of steam rooms, foot baths, whirlpool-type thing, and an igloo room (cool mist).  I loved the "experiential showers" - basically you stand in a room and you can select which rain shower you want, and the shower is complete with light changes and jungle sounds, for example. The spa services are wonderful (a bit pricey, but really relaxing).  The beach is great - the staff sets up an umbrella and beach chair for you, and they even bring you a menu so you can order food on the beach.  If you're sick of the beach, they have 3 or 4 pools. The crowd there was an older set - not a lot of 20/30-somethings, but it could just be a function of when I went.  There were a lot of older folks, and a few families.  If you're looking for a hoppin' kind of place, this may not be the place for you.  But if you're looking for relaxation, definitely come here!
Don't bother ;( spend less money elsewhere with a better experience.
While my primary focus will be the restaurant, I would like to talk about the hotel itself. It's sort of off the beaten path in my opinion, or at least far from the action. Regardless, the hotel was pretty nice and exhibited nice ocean views. The pool failed to impress me, seemed a bit small and outdated. The attentiveness and kindness of staff varied from person to person. I made the trek to Canyon Ranch because I like nice hotels and I like vegan food. Canyon Ranch Grill has a few vegan and gluten free items and having been unimpressed by virtually every other vegan-friendly place in the city, I decided Canyon Ranch would make for a nice visit. I will say I was pleased. The atmosphere at Canyon Ranch was very mellow, there were no drunk, crazy people in their 20's and 30's rolling on ecstasy. A nice change of place compared to other hotels I had spent time at their week (Fontainebleau). The quietness and tranquility of Canyon Ranch is great. I ordered a watermelon lemonade, it wasn't very strong in taste but it was refreshing. I then proceeded to order the vegan pancakes with a side of fruit. Surprisingly enough, the vegan pancakes were absolutely amazing. I was very impressed. I have had vegan pancakes at several vegan establishments and Canyon Ranch might just have the best. After my late breakfast, I decided to have one of their signatures cocktails, the Cuba Libre, which was quite good. I would be very curious to also try the "Perfect Ten" and "Raspberry Hibiscus" martini. The hotel provides immediate access to the beach and in my opinion would be perfect for a RELAXING time in Miami. The smoke-free environment makes it perfect for kids as well, there were several by the pool. Definitely an older crowd, not in a bad way, but definitely an older crowd.
My friends and I booked a condo unit listed by the owner for a weekend trip. Canyon Ranch is a very nice facility - definitely 4-5 stars. Very luxurious and beautiful. It has its own spa and several pools. You are steps away from a beautiful beach and the staff is very nice. The restaurant has outdoor seating with a beautiful view. The food, however, was only ok. I would have expected better for such a nice place.
This spa is simply amazing.  The facilities are great and the staff are all super helpful and friendly.  The massage was probably one of the best I've had.  It's worth the money to go even when its not miami spa month!
This is my second trip to Canyon Ranch since they first opened in late 2008.  I'm glad I waited to review them, because it's obvious they were working out some opening kinks during my first visit.  5 years later, CR Miami Beach has come into its own.  Service was noticeably improved and much more consistent; the food was more varied and flavorful, and the classes were SO MUCH BETTER. I couldn't justify the cost of a spa service this time, so I cannot comment on the quality of those services, but Aquavana is every bit as blissful as I remember.  And the rooms are HUGE.   The beach is still lovely-- noticeably busier than my last visit but not as overrun as South Beach proper.  If you're looking for "night life" this probably isn't the place for you, although it's easily accessible by cab ($15-$20).   A few more specific comments: - The highlight of my stay was probably Paul's Zumba class. There's a reason it fills up even though it's in the middle of the day.  Awesome, high energy class-- ever seen a room full of happy runners?  Me neither.  Paul's class on the other hand?  Smiles from ear to ear even as we dripped sweat and panted.  Loved it-- no wonder he has devotees! Jean Carlos's yoga classes were also wonderful and I enjoyed Jessica's pilates class.  I also heard great things about Burdenko and the ballet classes, but they conflicted with my nap schedule. - The cocktails suck and the coffee gave me no buzz whatsoever. If it was a forced detox, it worked. - Why is the juice bar in the gym closed in the off-season?  A thousand boos. -As others have mentioned, there seem to be a lot of children on the beach and in the pools.  The solution is the Atlantic Pool (Adult's Only) which is the best pool in any event. - Had a lacklaster stretch for women class with an instructor I can't name because she didn't give us her name.  No idea what she had going on that day, but she seemed like she'd rather be having a root canal then teaching us.  Also I echo Kris L's comments below:  the cardio kickboxing instructor is AWFUL.   Berating your students isn't the motivation most of us are looking for.  I didn't even take her class, but I heard her b*tching at her students while I was at the pool, and I wanted to cardio kick box her in the taco. - And speaking of tacos...if you need a break from Canyon Ranch cuisine, there are decent choices within walking distance.  We enjoyed Las Vegas Cuban and Mr. Taco.  I heard something about a hot dog joint down the street exalted by Anthony Bourdain, though we never made it there (I didn't sweat through Paul's Zumba classes for nothin'!)  There's also a totally awesome Publix directly across the street where you can stock up on water and snacks.  And also sunscreen since the fascist TSA won't allow you to carry that on anymore. I'll also say that my 5 star review is based on the price we paid: about $300 per night with a deal and off season.  Would I pay $600 a night?  Negative.  Would I come back for a promotional price?  In a heartbeat.
Wow....I have always been curious to check out this spot and absorb the natural feature's I never knew that it also contained a restaurant. I recently came with my BF and had an AMAZING lunch. From the start...the smoothie made with all natural fruits was delicious and refreshing. We then had our plates which were perfectly presented. The wheat french toast and fruit salad were so good. The omelet with the spinach and all cheeses minus the onions, peppers and mushrooms was perfectly cooked and the flavors all blended well. The egg Benedict was good in a tomato sauce. Overall, the food was just great....tasted and felt so fresh and organic and reasonably priced for the quality. I definitely recommend this spot for those visiting and locals!
I had a stressful morning and needed a place to unwind so I stopped by canyon ranch spa to see if they had any last minute appointments. The closest appointment they had was 2 hours away. I took it. I spent the two hours at the aguavana(sp?) area which had sauna, steam shower, hot tub, foot soak station, rain shower, igloo and more. The spa attendant by the name of Marisa was very attentive to my needs and super duper friendly. I was able to relax and clear my mind. The massage was very nice. My massage therapist didn't really say much. I was kind of bothered that she didn't ask me what areas of my body did I need special attention in at the start of the massage. But during I realized she didn't need to ask me because with her hands she'd be able to figure it out. She worked on the knots in my back without hurting me. The massage was really pleasant. When she was walking me back to the lounge I noticed the other therapists talking to their guests while my therapist stood silent. She didn't even tell me to drink water which is a standard thing for a massage therapist to say. But honestly, not a big deal. Overall I was happy. I would recommend this spa to any one and everyone. Great experience.
Okay...So...The Spa is awesome, the food in the restaurant unusual and very tasty... I would expect that considering what i paid for my "Spa Day"... The utterly pleasant surprise I got, while at Canyon Ranch South Beach, was the "Gift" store...WOW !!! Not only was the staff attentive and SUPER nice, their selection of books, jewelry, metaphysical things, clothes, etc was EXCELLENT. I wandered around there like a kid in a candy store...Whoever runs this store, knows what they are doing... $200+ later, I walked out a happy woman....
this is an amazing place for Heath and Well Being.  which is a very important part of my life.  I cant wait to stay there again for a week.
I was at this spa this past weekend. Two of my girlfriends and I took advantage of spa month and enjoyed a 70 minute massage. My masseuse's name was Lisa P, and she is AMAZING. I've been to many different high end resorts that offer massages and she is by far the very best one ever. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because you don't get access to the pool area with the purchase of spa treatments, which I found odd since usually it does. However, the service and attention to detail by their staff is unlike any other. Guerty, the gal who helped us check in to our spa treatment and showed us around the facility and the amenities, was just the sweetest, and most helpful person ever. Loved the herbal lanconium, and the steam room...and pretty much every other room. I'll definitely be back because they won me over with their service and attention.
I visited this spa last week with a Travelzoo voucher for a 50 min massage. It was my first visit to Canyon Ranch miami. From the moment i entered the hotel, i was confused. Upon entering there are about 4 desks with 2 people sitting at each one. After figuring out where to go, i promptly checked in and was directed to the elevator. More checking in. Finally i was led to the locker rooms (yet ANOTHER round of checking in), shown a locker and left completely unaware of my surroundings. After changing into my bathing suit i went wandering around to find the pool. A spa attendant saw me, asked had i been shown around Aquavana yet but when i explained i wanted to use the pool first she said OH! And there she left me, alone again. I finally found another guest who was as lost as myself to explore with. At the adults only pool, i was told i was unable to order food and would have to go to the other pool(with kids). Out of the question. Aquavana here i come. The rain showers and whirlpool were my absolute favorite. The face cloths soaked in iced water made my entire day. Remove the spa attendents walking in and out constantly, talking and laughing , rolling carts and baskets, the man inside fixing the sauna (whom my nude body and i had to be held hostage in the steamroom for until he left), the only helpful spa attendant who was also on speed and would not leave my side or stop talking and it was pretty relaxing. Finally massage time! After following the signs and leading myself to the treatment area i met adolfo. He was very professional, magic hands of joy. Couldve married him. After i was under the covers he came in and touched each and every part of my body that was bothering me. Just by looking at me i guess i dont know. Im still a little spooked. Needless to say, he was the best part of my day. No wait!! What came next was even better. The showers.. 3 shower heads steadily flowing with the best smelling body wash ever. The products were pretty great. After changing i went back downstairs to check out but the desks were rearranged and shifts changed which meant new faces from my arrival. Once again, total confusion. The  employees were busy talking amongst themselves totally oblivious to me standing there wondering who to pay. Just as I began to think the service was free a woman asked did i need help. Valet took over 20 mins to bring my car, i literally went to get and ate sushi from publix across the street! All in all, not a very relaxing day and unless i get another extremely great deal i wont be returning.
This place purports to be "pet friendly" and in actuality they have 2 rooms where they allow pets. When I first called to check my reservation they said they still did not have it so to call back. When I called back and I reminded them I had a small dog, the guy's response was to making clicking and tsk tsk sounds which I found amusing because I could not believe it. Then he informed me they only had 2 pet rooms and they were taken and as I had already paid for my stay, I was basically screwed. The man who I spoke to was someone at the front desk incharge of reservations and I told him it was their fault and not mine as I had called him earlier to find out. He basically told me I was going to have to pay and I told him I wanted to speak to his manager because when I made the reservation I stated I had a dog. Eventually, the guy called me back and said they would refund me the money. He continued to be really unapologetic and rude.
I went to Canyon Ranch 7/28/2009 for the 99.00 miami spa month deal. I am writing now because I also visited 2 other spas and it is nice to compare them. I also visited Espa at Aqualina and Icon at Brickell Viceroy hotel Canyon Ranch was #2 for me. I really enjoyed the Aquavana experience it was very unique and really relaxing. It was a nice spa but no one told me about the rooftop pool or offered use of the gym. The workers were not too friendly compared to the other 2 spas. The relaxation room was very nice but for food all they offered was a bowl of fruit. I was almost asleep when a rude woman sat next to me and started biting loudly into her apple. Espa offered cookies trail mix. The valet was inluded at Espa and here but not at Icon at Brickell. Canyon Ranch was very nice but #1 is Icon at Brickell in Viceroy hotel definetly
In a word, my recent stay at Canyon Ranch in Miami Beach was amazing.  It was the perfect spa getaway for me and 5 of my girlfriends.  The service was excellent, the classes fun, the beach pristine, and the spa/Aquavana heavenly. Upon arrival we each received personalized water bottles and CR totes (which were very convenient to take to the beach, class, and spa locker room).  We stayed in two Carillon Queen Suites which were huge!  The kitchen was fully equipped with everything we needed.  The beds were plush and comfortable.  The bathroom was incredibly spacious with a separate shower (including both an overhead and hand held shower head), deep soaking tub, large mirror and sink and separate vanity table with chair, and separate toilet room.  The suite also had two large plasma TVs with free internet access and a living room with plenty of seating.  Turn down service was great as well.  A delicious chocolate and inspiring affirmation card were left on everyone's pillow each night which was a nice touch.  Note, however, that CR is into conserving energy and air conditioning is motion sensored.  Therefore, every time we left our suite for an extended period of time, the AC would turn off and the room would be warm by the time we returned.  This was my only issue I had while at CR.  Also note that unlike other reviewers, I did not feel the hotel was overrun by young children.  I only saw two toddlers by one pool one day.  In fact, the hotel was not overly crowded period whether visiting the beach, Aquavana, Atlantic pool, classes, or gym, which contributed to a very relaxing environment. While at CR I got a Mayami Tropical Feet Treat at the salon which was heaven to my feet.  I also got a Firming Body Wrap and Massage at the spa.  I saw results immediately after the wrap and the massage was the best I ever received!  I used Aquavana every day during my stay.  I loved all the suites in Aquavana, but my favorites were definitely the hydrospa and herbal laconium.  The locker room was also pristine and had every amenity needed. My favorite part of CR was probably the classes.  There were so many to choose from and offered all throughout the day.  I attended a range of 3-4 classes every day from meditation and breathing to core training.  Each instructor I met was informative and friendly, and the classes were small and intimate ranging from 3-10 people.  My favorite was definitely Buff Ballet Booty.  It was a great workout that was fun and made me feel like a ballerina!  LOVED the music and instructor.  Restorative Yoga was a great way to end a day.  Core training and Gyrokinesis gave me some great exercises to bring home.  Qi Gong and Meditation/Breathing were a great way to start my day and get me centered for all the fun activities that lay ahead.  Gotta Dance was a little disappointing as I thought it would be more of a hip-hop version of Zumba but turned out to just be your basic aerobics class.  My sister attended the Rock Wall class and it was her favorite.  The fitness room was equipped with state of the art equipment. I also spent some time at the Atlantic Pool.  It had a great view of the ocean, but I actually preferred the beach.  The beach was very clean.  The cabana boys were very attentive.  There were ample loungers for everyone.  Amenities included beach towels, umbrellas, and even buckets to build sand castles.  There was a sandbar in front of the hotel which was great for relaxing in the water.  I did get a chance to walk by the other pools that CR has to offer and none seemed to be crowded.  There were always ample lounge chairs available.   The other thing I loved about CR is the location.  This is definitely not South Beach.  The neighborhood is quiet and surrounded with multiple small restaurants.  Directly across the street is a Publix grocery which was convenient to stock up the kitchen in the suite with snacks and drinks.  If you do want to leave the property, it cost us $21 to get to South Beach (7th Ave. and Collins) and about $23 to get to the Design District (Michael's Genuine Food and Drink).  Just be sure to call the valet ahead of time for a cab so you do not have to wait.  Otherwise, there is no need for a car rental.  Some people complained that this CR has a bar with happy hour.  To be honest I almost didn't notice there was a bar as it is tucked behind the lobby.  It definitely does not exude a South Beach party atmosphere or contradict the CR experience of health and wellness.   We got discounted rooms and a spa credit for our stay at CR from Ruelala so this was a definite steal for a much needed girls' spa getaway.  Everyone had a fabulous time and we are already planning our return trip for next year!  And since we loved the "a la carte" experience this Canon Ranch offers as opposed to Tucson and Lennox, we will definitely be returning to the CR in Miami Beach!  Everyone we met was so friendly and accommodating.  Definitely a five star resort!
.Booked a massage last Sunday for my husband and I. We arrived at the Reception and nobody greeted us. Lindsay checked us in and the only she asked us was for our credit card. We were directed to the spa facility, nobody explained to me where anything was. I had to ask my therapist to use some pressure during my massage. My husband got aromatherapy and I didn't. On our way out the Staff was chatting and nobody asked us how our treatment was. Lindsay checked us out and never said a word to us, kept talking to her colleagues. We will NEVER go back.
Perfect introduction to a destination spa - and significantly cheaper (maybe 50% less if you plan it right). I visited in early Fall 2010. It was like rehab. Serene and peaceful. I am a health and wellness nut, so I loved trying all the classes and attending the seminars. Best of all - the ocean - I am always at home there and I had plenty of time to lounge. The instructors are great and I feel like they really get to know you quickly and remember you throughout your stay. I went there seeking refuge and rest - and I surely got it. When I left, I felt like a new woman and had a few new tools to navigate through life. You won't regret it if you take advantage of all that they offer (just don't overdo it on the classes - classic newbie mistake). The only thing I did not like - it's open to kids.  Now I love (other people's) kids, but not in this setting.  Nevertheless, there were only a few and they were adorable and well-behaved.
