I wish I could give this place TEN stars!!!  Gustavo gave me my massage and it was incredible!!!  The spa rooms are gorgeous and I got to have some my nice peace time at the outdoor pool with my spa appointment. My massage was done with a foot soak and the view out to the ocean from the treatment room is quite spectacular.   Highly recommended!!!!
The Setai as a hotel is phenomenal. The decor, the feel, its all amazing but the spa leaves much to be desired...so let's rewind and start from the beginning. Valet is $15 only if you get it validated at the spa, otherwise a whopping $25. Upon walking in you're immediately immersed in a very upscale contemporary and luxurious hotel. It took us a while to find the spa, not enough signage or possibly even exposure because it was difficult to locate even after asking several employees. Once found, I was so underwhelmed. The area for spa check in happens to be the same area where you're expected to relax prior to your spa experience- this is also the area where you would pay at the end and even shop for spa whatevers ...huuuge thumbs down for that since its impossible to wind down when you've got people coming in and out and you're "sitting upright" on a regular couch. Spa facilities are tiny and they only have a steam room located inside the locker area. Everything just seems cramped. The actual massage rooms are all set up for two with beautiful views to the pool area and its probably the only impressive part of the spa experience but its not a  view you really enjoy as you're whisked into a foot soak with your back facing the view. My therapist stayed in the room as I removed my robe which was different...and I must admit my spa experience was not as pleasant as most describe. The therapist was professional but I just felt uncomfortable the entire time and wasn't able to really relax. At one point she asked me to grab her wrists while I layed on my stomach and literally supermanned me off the bed...lol it was so awkward but I'm gonna blame myself and just assume i picked the wrong massage! Among other things, you could actually hear dance music over the spa music playing in the background...really? At the end, she offered to help me with my robe and stood there as I struggled to unwrap myself from all the blankets while still covering my goods...another awkward moment. I think some seem to confuse the glitz and splendor and rate the hotel more so than the spa experience but truthfully the spa alone is no more than a two...because I really and truly have experienced better elsewhere and that is what a two star stands for. Yeah...the service was nice but its a spa...I expect nice at the spas and I also expect more than just pleasantries- You know when a spa has it right and when they're just riding the coattails of their other accolades. On a positive note...I did see real housewives miami star Adriana and her French husband but neither here nor there the spa was no bueno....
I went to the Spa at the Setai last year for Miami Spa Month to have a body scrub. The spa is located near the back of the hotel before you get to the grounds of the pools. It was right before they closed the pool for renovations so we were able to enjoy our time outside the spa there. One thing I will say is that access and use of the pool does not come with the treatment. We had to purchase pool chairs to enjoy. The facilities inside the spa are mixed. The waiting area and locker rooms are very small. There isn't much else as compared to other luxurious spas in terms of plunge pools, steam rooms, etc. That all changes the moment you walk into the treatment rooms. All are setup for two people and are very spacious with their own bathroom and private shower. There is a sitting area with a soaking tub near the windows overlooking the pool. The shame of that is while you sit you are facing the door and not the pool. Couples looking to have private time- they offer a service where you can have your treatment together and then they have the soaking tub with petals and champagne. I was alone for this treatment but imagine it could be very romantic. My masseuse was extremely professional and gave me a great body scrub. My friends who had the massage said it was on the best they ever had. I was able to shower and get changed in my private room. Wish I would have been able to spend more time in there as that is the best part of the spa. I am a total spa junkie and have been to most of the ones in Miami. Have to say hands down, this is my second favorite spa in Miami.
What I love about this place: The rooms - totally trumps other place I've been to.  Most massage rooms have just four walls, but here the rooms are spacious, with a gorgeous view of the pool and the ocean beyond.  Unfortunately, as I soak my feet with the back to the windows and get my massage face down or staring at the ceiling, I only get to enjoy it while changing.  Maybe if I get a pricey half day package I may get some time to lounge in the room.   The pool - instead of one big pool, they divide it into three long rectangles.  The pro is that all beach chairs are pool side (if you've been to Fontainebleau you'll know what I mean) and if some kids get too noisy you can always go over to the next pool. The con is it makes for very small pools. Masseuse - very nice and professional.  Really try to work out the kinks. What I don't like: small locker room - just a little bench and small dressing table, without even an ottoman to sit on.  There's a closet size steam room but no other facilities.  No place to relax after the massage.  For me, that's a big part of my spa experience and kind of a deal breaker for me...
I took my mother to the spa at the Satai for Mother's Day. Unfortunately, they made an error while booking our Appt and we were moved an hour later, which didn't bother me. What did upset me, the way Aldo treated me when I tried to explain to him my mother doesn't move very well and it would take us 20-30 minutes to walk back to the lobby to get a drink and wait for the hour to pass. He corrected me several times and told me no it's only a 2 min walk, his customer service skills and compassion are repulsive. My mother has cancer, and can barely walk because of all the treatments she's had to endure, I was trying to make her Mother's Day special. Thankfully Ramses stepped in and kindly walked us poolside, where Richie took great care of us. Had my experience only been with Aldo, I wouldn't recommend the Satai nor would I ever come back. Thank you Richie and Ramsas for saving my Mother's Day, your compassion and kindness is acknowledged and appreciated!
I have a confession to make: I'm no longer a spa virgin thanks to an incredible treatment I recently had at The Setai's Spa. As a birthday present from my boyfriend, I experienced a blissful 2.5 hour treatment and it was nothing short of amazing. I arrived a bit earlier than my scheduled treatment to take advantage of the sauna (access to the beach and pool is also included which is wonderful). The staff in the lobby were very pleasant and had everything arranged without any worry or fuss on my part. After securing my belongings in the locker room and getting settled in (bathrobe, slippers and towel), my massage therapist Dee came to scoop me up and took me up to the spa. The room was a decent size with two massage beds/tables and a giant tub overlooking the pool area. The treatment started with a foot polish and then progressed to a body scrub that was a delight. I admitted to Dee that this was my first time having a full body massage, and she was great in putting me entirely at ease - and before I knew it I was in heaven. The treatment continued with an hour Balinese massage that was absolutely incredible. After the massage I had about 20 minutes alone in the room to relax in the bath tub and lounge around. Needless to say, I left after my treatment feeling like a brand new woman entirely relaxed and rejuvenated. Whether you're a local or a hotel guest staying at The Setai, I would definitely recommend checking the spa out. As Vivian pointed out, parking is normally $25, but I was able to have my valet ticket validated for free from the staff in the spa lobby.
Although it was named on "Top 50 Hotels and Spas in the US" by Conde Nast Traveler this year, my first impression was a bit underwhelming. The Setai is a beautiful hotel with immaculate attention to detail, but I have to admit I had some difficulty finding the spa. After asking a couple different employees where it was, I found it in an unassuming white building between the hotel and the pool with a single, small sign next to the door identifying it.   The locker room is small, compared to most others in Miami Beach hotels, and there is no waiting lounge. Like Elisabet R. mentioned, you just kind of wait in the lobby amid all the other hustle and bustle. There's a small steam room and some showers, but no other real amenities. Their treatments, however, are top notch. I received the [Miami Spa Month special] Ancient Balinese Massage which involves a variety of techniques including kneading, palming, acupressure and reflexology. My masseuse also use aromatic oils that simultaneously smelled grassy and citrusy. My masseuse, Pom, was friendly yet professional and was actually from Thailand, which I guess is close enough to Indonesia, lol. The Spa at the Setai offers a myriad of Asian massages, facials, wraps, and romantic couples bathing ceremonies hailing from the Himalayas to Japan to Thailand. I left feeling relaxed and refreshed. My muscles seriously protested doing any work afterwards, including riding my bike back to my apartment. If you want a unique, quality treatment or ritual and don't care about a bunch of other frills, then this is your spa!
The best spa in Miami. I've been three times already with different therapists and they all have been great. Everybody is professional and friendly. The facilities are beautiful and well kept. But what has made the difference is the people. Ps. Great for couples.
The wife and I went down to Miami to enjoy some sunshine and relaxation. And what better way to relax than get a massage from the Spa at the Setai? As a massage aficionado I've had a number of massages from many places and I can assure that the Spa at the Setai gives a 1st class massage. The atmosphere of a spa is really important as it is the first really the first impression it make on you. The Spa has a nice calm vibe. Classy decor but not in a snobby way at all. To get to the Spa, you'll need to walk through the enormous and elegant lobby of the Setai then enter the courtyard surrounded by greens in planters that envelope you, insulating you from the outside world, preparing you to enter a relaxation zone. My wife and I elected to have our facial and massage (respectively) in the same room. Our masseuses were very friendly. I love it when my masseuse has a big smile, just instantly puts me in a good zone to fully enjoy the massage. I had the "awesome" Balinese signature massage which isn't too hard or too weak, juuuuust right for me. I also love how it really emphasizes my feet area. As a basketball player I really give my feet and ankles a beating. My wife also loved her facial. Highly recommend the Spa at the Setai, obviously. Although it definitely ain't cheap. I think $200 per massage.
I embarked on a spa journey after hearing so many great things about the Setai resort. I was not disappointed when I arrived. The minute you step into the lobby you are greeted by almost the entire staff. A manager escorted us to the spa since we had never visited before. He also told us about the restaurant which also has great reviews (I'll have to try it next time). We passed through the beautiful courtyard which I was already daydreaming of a wedding ceremony taking place...ahhh..someday.. Moving right along..The spa was small but welcoming. The locker room was cozy. We each rec'd a locker, bathrobe, towel & slippers.  We arrived early to take advantage of all the amenities. When it was time for our massage we were all escorted upstairs to the rooms. The only small thing that bothered me was that all the massage rooms were for 2 people. My cousins were in the same room which I didn't know if it was a bother to them but I sure as heck enjoyed having a room to myself. My massage therapist, also named Viviana, had hands of an angel. She did the ancient balinese massage which used an oil with lemongrass & ginger. If I had sinus issues it would have cleared that up. The bed was very comfy. The sheets felt like they were 2000 thread count. I felt like I was on a cloud. The room has a beautiful tub overlooking the pools. I would have liked to enjoy a soak with the view but I guess its used for other treatments. After being in a zen state I rinsed off in the shower under the biggest shower head I'd ever seen. It felt like a rain massage. All in all I was really happy. The staff made us feel like a million bucks even we are not high rollers =). Another piece of info I'd add is that valet is $25 so we ended up parking at a lot right across the street for half the price.
I've been to so many spas since I am a true spa junkie.  You tell me a spa has a special and I am there!  Back in October of 2011, Spa Finder was offering a deal for The Spa @ The Setai for their 25th anniversary for $250 which included a 90 minute Balinese massage, 60 minute Setai facial, and 30 minute ritual bath.  I purchased it in a heartbeat even though I was four months pregnant.  I knew that once I was done with the pregnancy and nursing, I would be here.  I couldn't wait for the day to come!  I had always wanted to go to The Spa @ The Setai since I heard marvelous things about it. Finally, the day came and I was so excited!  It was perfect from beginning to end.  The changing room is small compared to other spas, but that was the least of my concerns.  I was booked in the couple's room, which I clearly didn't mind.  The view was spectacular and the room was beautiful.  The view is of the pool and the beach behind it.  The room is a complete suite with bathroom, shower, and tub.  It was all so peaceful and serene.   My therapist's name is Gabby.  She advised me that since Tropical Storm Isaac was a possible threat, the City of Miami Beach had turned off the water supply for a few hours, the ritual bath would have to be substituted for something else.  That was totally fine by me.  She started off with the 90 minute Balinese massage.  I felt so relaxed and care free.  She was tender yet knew where to apply pressure.  Following the massage came the 60 minute Setai facial.  It was amazing.  So many great products were applied to my face as well as a steamer for extractions.  My skins felt great and continues to glow.  Since the ritual bath could not be done, the package was complimented by a hair treatment and foot reflexology massage.  The hair treatment was amazing.  I kept the product on till the following day.  My hair is silky soft.  The reflexology massage was great too.  I'm constantly on my feet with my baby and the pressure applied came in very handy. This is one of the best spas I have ever been to.  Like I said, it was perfect and pure bliss from beginning to end.  I can't wait to return!
Great Spa in Miami.  I meet Kim K here, shows you the type of clients that frequent the place.  Great spa treatments and wraps.  Great Location in Miami  Check it out, you'll love it.
I took advantage of a Balinese Massage on special thanks to Miami Spa Month.  I have been looking forward to experiencing the spa at this high end hotel for some time. I have seen my fair share of good spas, and I have to say that I was underwhelmed by the facilities.  The ladies locker room is very small with a small steam room.  The amenities are very few, and you cannot comfortable sit and do your hair (only one hair dryer and no seats).  Most disconcerting was that there is NO separate lounge for relaxing before or after a treatment.  You have to sit in the lobby in your robe where all foot traffic comes in, phones ring, etc.  Although someone promptly offered me tea and a cool towel (which is a nice detail), it still felt like the Setai scrimped on space for the spa. On the other hand.....the treatment.  Christopher gave me an absolutely transporting Balinese treatment.  Even the treatment rooms are a cut above -- the one I had was a double room with a jacuzzi tub, and WINDOWS!  Natural light!!! That is a rarity in spa rooms!!  At the end of my super-relaxing treatment I got to open my eyes to a view of the pool and the far line of the ocean on the horizon.  Sumptuous.  I did feel a little hurried out of the room, which was unfortunate.  I really wanted to linger and relax somewhere with my feet up after that much-needed treatment, but the best I could do was the bench in front of my locker.  Bummer. In sum: Facilities: C  Treatment/Staff: A  Might go back again just to get a treatment but I wouldn't go for a spa day.
Colas... This is as good as it gets..... The best mani-pedi I have ever had...  The best service and worth every penny... It was the most relaxing  and pleasant spa experiences vie ever had.
