I loved this place. Very cozy, quiet relaxing n best of all, is a tiny house hidding. The massage was amazing n the customer  service was very professional.  I will return n referred all my customers.
Just had a very deep tissue massage here and loved it! Theres nothing worse than getting a massage that doesnt take my knots out. The place is very warm and cozy. They have tea while you wait and the staff is extremely friendly. They also did it right by asking great question on the form, preferences such as if id like minimal conversation during the massage or if i want unscented oil vs scented. The massage was a full hr not 50 mins. I even asked if i could stay in their lobby a bit after my massage to drink another tea and continue relaxing before i go home to my two toddlers. Gotta max out my mommy personal time! ;)
I've always loved this place. They design your experience specifically to your liking. This past visit I had the 45 min facial & 45 min massage w/ the groupon and I feel brand new. I will definitely continue to visit this spot!
Went there for a day with my girlfriend for our birthdays. I found a groupon for 40 dollar massage. It included a 45 minute facial and a massage it was great. They where very nice the pros where excellent. Soft hands with firm pressure. Felt brand spanking new afterwords :) definitely gonna do it again :)
I bought a Groupon for a massage and facial.  The place is not that easy to find but once you find it you won't let yourself forget where it is. What a gem! The ambiance is very zen and tranquil.  It truly provides a Spa experience.  The waiting room is quiet, cozy, and calm. I had tea while I waited and enjoyed the zen atmosphere. The massage room is decorated as if you are in an oasis of foliage in the rain forest due to the floor to ceiling windows over looking a tiny but lush garden.  They provide you with a nice robe to transfer you from one service to the other.  They are very polite and professional.   The massage was good but the facial was great.  The tip was not included in my bill or maybe I missed it and if so I generously tipped again.  But to tell you the truth they deserved it, in particular the lady that did the facial.
Came here twice with a birthday gift certificate and throughly enjoyed both experiences. I received massage services from Maria the first time and Selena the second. The massages both times were superb. Everyone at Body Mind Spirit is respectful, relaxed and gracious from the front desk to the massage therapists. Unfortunately I am no longer in Miami and badly missing BMS. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing break from their day.  All sorts of options for oils, extracts, services etc. Wonderful spot :)
Bought a Groupon for a 45min massage and facial. I paid an extra $15 for extractions, which was much needed. Location: a tad tricky to find, but I called and they were more than helpful with directions. I came on a Friday evening and it was beautiful and relaxing inside. Everyone was extremely nice. Great massage, great facial! I walked out feeling awesome. They give you an option of adding to your massage or facial of needed. I decided to sign up for their monthly membership which is $35 for a facial OR massage. And if you'd like to add to that, they give you 15% off additional service. One thing is, at the end of the visit, gratuity is included. This doesn't bother me at all. But heads up if you didn't know.
Love this place.  I was relaxed and zen from the moment I walked in.  Everyone was wonderful.  I had a groupon for a facial and massage.  I left there renewed....I will be back!
New location: 9449 Old Dixie Highway Body Mind Spirit has moved to another location. They have bid adieu to their hippie, chakra ways and opted for a new, more modern spa-like environment. The best part is that they've maintained their great prices. I love coming here for a complete relaxing experience. The owner is working on creating a zen garden right outside. Great specials, check out their page. My previous review still stands. They have moved to the fancy location but you won't overpay for it.
I had a really great massage here recently. This place is kind of like another world: they have a lovely garden out front, hot tea while you wait, a serene atmosphere, and seriously the most comprehensive massage form-thingy I've ever seen. They did the standard "new customer" fill out your name and address form thing, but I also got a sheet asking me how I wanted to customize that day's massage (there are free add-ons like a eucalyptus face steam), including whether or not I preferred the masseuse to talk! They seem all about making your experience serene and wonderful. Everyone was very kind. The massage itself was also very, very good. I was injured in a car accident recently and noted this on the aforementioned super-detailed form, and the masseuse noticed and talked to me a little bit about my injury and why I came in. I got a 60-minute hot stone massage and she definitely didn't skimp out on other parts of my body but she focused a lot on the injured parts of my shoulder and back, which was great. I also like really intense massages and this didn't disappoint. I noticed too that they're less expensive than a lot of other places- massages can be really expensive, and I just can't usually afford them. About a week after I went, I noticed they had a Groupon special for a massage and a facial (for an insane price) so I snapped it up. I'm really looking forward to it!
This place is great if you need a relaxing experience. The house is very charming from the moment you walk in is another environment. Is not an upscale place, is very laid back and it's perfect. The prices are right on point, I have used their services with and without groupon and haven't been disappointed. You need to book with a lot of time in advance, specially if you have a groupon, but it never disappoints :)
I just had a facial and massage there today and it was great. They offer you tea when your there which I did not try. They set me up for a facial which was relaxing. As someone said previously there are huge windows that let in all sorts of light but once you close your eyes you can't see anything! The place is super cozy, very tranquil. They gave me water and a nice big 20% gratuity tip to pay. But it was worth it! Highly recommend.
Purchased two groupons on different occasions for both massage and facial, I highly recommend BMS. I've honestly enjoyed my massages they've been truly relaxing and the environment in there is just awesome. The place is set up very zen like and while you wait for your appt you can help yourself with a cup of tea.
Relaxing and nice. I plan on going back. The front area floods, so I recommend rescheduling on days with heavy rain. I really enjoyed the facial, but I was stressed upon leaving because my feet got wet and dirty when I was leaving. New customers should check out their website. You might get a $5 off coupon. A warm Buddhist feel, not like some ultra sterile facial spas.
I concur!! This place is mellow, spiritual and inspiring. I am all about karmic repair and I felt rebalanced and centered when I left. The therapist was attentive and they have numerous articles about holistic healing all over the spa. I convinced my friend to get a massage there the next day. I went with her and enjoyed a foot massage while I waited on her. The foot massager is free for people in the waiting room; I can't remember which drink I had, but there were various teas to choose from. The prices were indeed reasonable for Miami and the experience is better than the superficial, beauty-centered spa experience that is so common in Miami.
I visited the spa base on yelp's recommendations and groupon. Previous reviews on yelp are SO WRONG! My 45minutes facial with extractions lasted only 30mins.  She was the worst facialist I have ever been to. I giving this experience 3stars because of the massage therapist...she was GREAT.   The spa charges tips automaticly which emotivates the facialist to provide the best services to the customer.  The massage therepist deserves way more tips than the facialist.
Body Mind Spirit is a gem...a diamond at that.  Last week I had the good fortune to return for a facial and a massage.  This was my second time here.  I will be back. The massage was extremly relaxing, exactly what I needed & requested.  The facial however, was ahhhmazing!!  It was the best facial I have ever had. I went with a friend & we both had a groupon.  With the groupon, they add the tip at the end. The services were so awesome we added to the gratuity.   Ladies, do yourself a favor, give yourself a break...do this!  Hopefully you will enjoy as much as we did.
I purchased a 1 hr massage as a gift for my fiancee as a Christmas present from couptessa, and just called to make an appt. Apparently Couptessa went bankrupt and  the worst part is Mind, body and spirit is not honoring the coupons. The only thing they will do, is charge me again the coupon price.  I should pay twice!!!!! I understand they didn't get paid, but they set up this deal with couptessa, not me!!!! Bad business practice. Sorry to everyone who purchased this deal! I will now have to buy him another gift, good thing this was just a stocking stuffer!
Went and got the hour facial and massage. Both were very relaxing. The 2 things I'm not crazy about are 1) In the massage room, there are huge windows that let in all sorts of light. For a massage, I like the room dark with low lighting or candles. I think it helps the mind/body relax much better. 2) They add 15% gratuity to each service you get. This is not optional. I understanding tipping is very important, however, I like to tip what I believe it is worth. Usually I tip more for a massage; less for a facial, but here you do not have a choice. I also was charged for a product I did not agree to purchase. I did bring this up and they gladly took it off of my bill. However, if I was someone who didn't look closely at my bill, I wouldn't have noticed it. So, have I been to better spas? Yes. However, everyone here is very nice and I am pleased with the services they offer. I just would change those 2 things to make it a 5 star experience.
Love Body Mind Spirit.  Everyone is great.  I had a 45 minute relaxing facial with extractions.  Crystal did my facial and she is fantastic!!  Celine is a wonderful massage therapist. -- so happy I got her again!  :)  Highly recommend -- Love this place!
I was lost somewhere b/t South Dixie Hwy & Kendall Drive before I found my zen place. . .@ Body* Mind* Spirit*... I gotta admit, when I first parked and took a look, I was thinking is this it??  I'm the first to confess, I can be a massage snob, I mainly go to the ones located on the Beach or in some Hotel around the Beach, but I think I found my alternative when I don't feel like going waaayy out East.   Rebecca was her name and she is Fantastically Fabulous.  She hit all the right points, and was very thorough with every body part, but you can definitely tell her specific spots where you need some extra TLC.  The pain from bootcamp just seem to melt away with every move she made on my tired and sore body.   This place is definitely a hidden gem (literally) in South Miami. Sure it may not be the Mandarin Oriental, but the service more than makes up for the lack of sauna and maids with ginger tea and orange water.  And the prices won't break the bank! ;)
Lovely. They have a monthly plan that allows you to chose between a facial or a 1 hour massage. The location is secluded and the ambiance is serene. I loved my spa day here!
This place is really cool and relaxing, very different from the regular spa where everything is white and minimalistic...I arrived at this place and the masseuse was on time for my massage...the tech constantly asked for my approval and feedback to continue on, the massage was good and relaxing...I'm not giving the 5 starts because the massage rooms need an update as they look a little old. Overall good and will go again.
I used my Groupon that had expired last week but when I called the day before and they didn't have any open appts they said they'd still take it today which is awesome! I loved the tea while you wait. Everyone is super nice. I liked how you could customize your massage on the sheet you fill out. I had asked for nothing extra but when my facialist looked at my face she asked if I was sure I didn't want extractions. So on her advice I went with it but she wasn't pushy at all, I just really needed it. My face is so smooth now, I'm in love. My massage was very relaxing and just what I needed. I can't wait to go back and join their club! highly recommend!
Originally found this place when I purchased a deal off of Couptessa (no longer in business) and was so surprised by this little gem, hidden behind Soccer Locker!! I have been back since finding it and tell all of my friends who are looking for a great massage in a relaxed location. Very unassuming building with great energy and friendly staff. As soon as you enter you cannot help but to start relaxing as soon as you walk in the door!
What a find!!! Received a gift certificate for a 90 minute couple's massage at this spa and I am more grateful for the discovery than the gift. A down-to-earth, sincere, peaceful place like this is needed sooooo much in Miami, it reminds me of something you might find in a smaller, more quaint city. For me, going to the spa is a little about indulgence and a lot about restoring spiritual, emotional and mental health. Body Mind Spirit provides the perfect setting for accomplishing this opposed to bright lights, snooty women and having products pushed on you. Thank you, thank you for existing!
I went in today and it was because of a groupon. I also bought one for my hubby. It was such a great place. I work in a spa and the girls are grand!! I got a hot stone massage with Celine and she was wonderful.My husnand got a hot compress massage. He loved it, too. I got a relaxing 45 minute facial. I must say that we are sold on this spa. Its right by our home and we love the atmosphere. No pushy sales people. You fill out a questionnaire when you go in and extras are priced right there in black and white. The tip was included in the bill at the end and we became members and will get a treatment on a monthly basis and preferred appointment times. We will be back!!!PS I recommend this as a gift for someone. Great Father's day gift or anniversary gift. They have a room with 2 enormous massage beds for couples massage.
My third time coming here. It has been a wonderful experience each time. The staff is very nice and friendly. I've brought my skeptical husband with me and he was pleasantly surprised. Their monthly plan is great as well.
So hard to make an appointment here! When you call to speak to someone, no one answers and even when you leave a message, no one calls back. I called to make an appointment, next one is in 2 months! Who knows what will be happening 2 months from now. Just not convenient
My husband gave me a Groupon for a massage and facial as a gift last year. It was so awesome I just became a member and go every month. It is the most relaxing and wonderful experience. Everyone that works there is excellent. To find it easily just look for the soccer locker sign. It's on the street behind that. I highly recommend.
I bought a combo facial massage from Groupon this was the best investment I have recently made  The  service is excellent, the spa is tranquil and the technicians are out of this world. Do not hesitate and pamper yourself. Worth it!!  Have been back several times and always wonderful!
I have to say, my love affair with this place began all thanks to a Groupon offer I decided to buy. Honestly, it was the best money I spent on a Groupon to date! I was lucky enough to get Celine as my masseuse. DEFINITELY ask for her, she is small but WOW her hands are AMAZING!! She always reads your requests and focuses on your problem areas. When you get off her massage bed you feel like a different person and definitely more relaxed. They just got a new girl doing facials, I haven't learned her name yet but the facials are AMAZING!  From my very first visit they  WOW-ed me so much that I became a member. I am so happy I did because for a low price every month I get my choice of one facial or one massage. This has helped me so much with managing my stress and sleeping better since the knots on my neck aren't keeping me up as much anymore from all the tension. I love Celine so I recommend you ask for her. You will feel like  a new person afterwards. So now about the actual place, it is a little hidden. It's on US1 right after Datran Dr. you're gonna make a right at the following street which has a Veterinary hospital on the corner and follow the street which is a one way and makes you turn right. It is right next and before the Herff Jones office. It's a small house/office like place so first outside impression is usually kind of questionable but remember the saying "don't judge a book by its cover."  I parked and walked in and when I did it was like walking in to Zen town. It's small and quaint but it has such a positive and relaxing vibe. The staff is super nice as well. I love going there. One other thing I love is that you get your full 60 minutes. They don't believe in deducting the time you take to change from your actual massage time.  The massage beds are nice and cozy, the rooms are nicely decorated and the ambiance is perfect with relaxing music playing. The experience is always amazing. I really do recommend this place! The prices if you're not a member are very reasonable. I consider this place one of Kendall's best kept secrets. I took my mom for a massage and she is a huge fan now! :) Hope you go and then Yelp about it!
I have been going to Body, Mind, Spirit for a year now and have been impressed with their massage services every time!  I I used to work for a spa at The Ritz-Carlton Hotel and their therapists use techniques I've only found at places that charge $150.00 and up.  I have found their therapists to be thorough, skilled, and consistent, regardless of the therapist you have.  The beds are large and heated!  Always a plus, especially since I just had a massage at a hotel spa with a much larger spa environment and the bed was narrow and not that comfortable.  I gladly return as often as I can.
BEWARE: I chose a couples massage here because their reviews were so good. I had a couptessa coupon--and I thought it was a good price. BUT they charge 20% gratuity of the ORIGINAL price! So I paid $65 for the coupon/massage (for both me and my boyfriend) and $40 for the tips! It's ridiculous. On top of that, they kept us sitting and waiting for 45 minutes. Even though we had an appointment. I had an office holiday party that I was then late for--needless to say I was more stressed than relaxed. The massage itself wasn't bad though... But I asked for lavender scented oil and got unscented. My boyfriend asked for a scalp massage and didn't get one. I dont think that they took our business seriously and didn't respect our time or offer apologies for screwing so many things up.
Ahhhhh. This place is wonderful!  Thanks to a good friends recommendation I scheduled a much needed massage. Wow, so relaxing! My body just melted in the cozy massage bed. A little hard to find but once you get there you'll never want to leave!
I just came back from having a facial. Crystal is amazing!!!! The minute you walk into the door ...you're surrounded by a soothing and calming atmosphere. You're offered tea as you wait. You're given a questionnaire that is very detailed (even asking if you would like to talk or not talk during your session)!  Then they take you to a room that has a very relaxing ambiance. Spa-like music is playing in the background, which I personally enjoyed.  I let Crystal know the type of skin I have and really catered to my skin's needs. Included in the facial are some massages which are amazing! Crystal has great hands. I finished my session and immediately booked a couples massage for next week and will be booking again the week of my wedding! This place is such a gem!!!
I love this place.  I first tried it with a Groupon, and have been back several times, each visit has been great.  Before each treatment, you are given a form to fill out indicating how you would like your treatment that day.  Everyone is so nice, and the place is simple and so relaxing.  A little hidden Gem.  It 's not a glitzy, glamorous spa, but it's just the zen-like place for getting away from it all.
The facial was great.  I used a couptessa coupon.  I, like the others, was questioning  myself for buying this when I pulled up to the building but it was well worth it.  The only things that kept me from giving it 5 stars is I checked off that I preferred my facialist not to talk during our session and she did anyway and the way they hand you a bill for the tip.  I actually had that same amount in my hand ready to give the facialist but I don't like the way they handled it.
