In a city with tons of spa options, Exhale Spa is one of the best options in Miami.  My wife is a member of Exhale for the classes and I have been going regularly for over a year now for massage work.  I've been to several spas in Miami and other cities as well as many resort spas during vacations, but Exhale has been the most consistent for me.  Service in Miami anywhere can be very unpredictable, but Exhale has always been run very well during my visits. The Spa itself is situated within the Epic hotel and the treatment rooms are all appropriately secluded from the rest of the hotel traffic. I have found the desk staff to be really helpful when I call or come to check in...  The spa areas are really nice, but I'm personally not all that concerned with decor, etc as I generally only appreciate quality and value. I've had treatments (mostly all deep tissue work) from several different therapists and received solid service from all.  However, Patch is incredibly talented and is my first choice when she is available.  Patch clearly "gets it", is very knowledgable, incredibly professional and personable.  She has a genuine interest in curing what ails you and is a master of her craft. I've found Exhale to be fairly priced for a high-end spa and the annual 50% off coupon for your birthday month is a nice kicker.  Tip:  Pre-pay for a massage package of 6 and you can receive 25% off for the set!
I took Jason Mastrian's Wake up Yoga class this morning.  #1 the spa itself is beautiful with great amenities.  #2 the yoga room overlooks the bay facing towards Key Biscayne. As for Jason's class, it was a perfect morning flow. He started class by warming up our spines then allowed our shoulders and hips to open with a lot of slow flowing circular movements.  I will definitely be back for more classes at Exhale.
Classes:  5 stars! Spa facilities:  3 stars I LOVE taking the core fusion classes at Exhale.  Alexandra and Julie are amazing instructors and I absolutely love the one hour workouts that I get with them.  I've tried various kinds of barre / workouts, including Physique 57 (NYC), Bar Method, Pure Barre, etc.  The great thing about the core fusion classes with these instructors is the variety of classes they have- you can do core fusion sport, barre, bootcamp, cardio+barre... the variety keeps things interesting and always works new muscles that leave me feeling sore in the best possible way afterward.  I love Physique 57 and this is one of the only other places I've found that pretty much matches the intensity and quality of Physique 57. Prices are fair and comparable to other boutique workouts.   The spa:  I've only really done a manicure here, but from what I've seen the facilities are very okay.  Doesn't come close to the Mandarin, which is fine because it is cheaper and they always have specials.  I'm not a huge fan of the spa ritual products as I find my nails don't last as long as other places I've been to, so word of caution if you're coming for a mani/pedi!
Massages fit for a King and Queen... and that's exactly how we felt as we walked down the stairs leading to the Spa. We were greeted as soon as we walked downstairs and given a brief tour of the area and shown the lockers where we could change and get ready for our massages. Once ready my wife and I met outside and were walked to our massage rooms; Camillo did a great job and its highly recommended if you are able to get him. We enjoyed the sauna afterwards followed by an afternoon by the pool. If we could only do this every day!
I've been taking classes at exhale Miami for about two years. I occasioanlly get a massage and I've had acupuncture there as well. Everyone is always very knowledgable about their specific department. The therapists really know their stuff. But overall I really enjoy the classes. Core Fusion will always kick your butt. My favorite classes are Core Fusion Sport, Core Fusion Cardio, and yoga. I really enjoy Alexandra's yoga class on Saturday mornings at 9:30am. She's great at explaining the poses and why they work. She's not too hard, not too easy but you walk away feeling like you got a good work out and more relaxed at the same time. Plus, she always plays a great mix of music. If you live or work in the Downtown/Brickell area or are just visiting Miami, I recommend trying a class.
When in the area I always look forward to an Exhale Power Yoga Session with my fave Marisol Tamez, not only does she challenge you to be present, aware of your breath and body but she allows you to "LET IT GO" and "Leave it all behind so you can make room for new things to show up in your life". These are just a few of the insightful messages she sprinkles her classes with, along with a killer playlist-I can never stay still only in shavassanna which by the way I always pass out in... Laura Ortiz, Miami Beach, FL
I get a gel mani/pedi every two weeks at a local salon, but had broken a nail and needed to have my nails done before tomorrow. I went to Exhale for a gel mani/pedi, which is apparently five different services if you come in with gel nail polish on and want to leave with gel nail polish. After I checked in, I waited for 30 min. in the "Quiet Room" for someone to come and get me. No one did, so I had to walk back upstairs to the desk to ask for help. I will have to have my nails redone at another salon this week. The application is sloppy, uneven and there are remnants of the color I had on when I walked in this afternoon showing through. There are also large areas on the sides of each nail where there is no color at all and there are bubbles in the top coat. This may be caused in part by the fact that the nail room is a cramped six by 4 four space with no natural lighting and no room to move from the pedicure chair to the manicure table. The service was $200.00, including an undeserved 18% gratuity. I was given 10% off for the wait, which doesn't even begin to make up for the fact that I walked out with nails that look worse than when I walked in and that I will have to spend time, and more money, having redone during the work week
Jose Sarazen is my favorite massage therapist.  There is a point under my right scapula which always hurts and Jose massaged my trapeze using a special technique to losen my  fascia and worked his magic to give me full relieve.  This reminded me there is no need to live with pain.  He also found and worked a few trigger points which helped resolve all of my upper back pains.  Jose's massages brought my energy and joy back.  I fully recommend Jose!!
4 stars for the massage 2 stars for the facility 1 stars for the staff (except the front desk girls) I always go to fountainbleau and I guess fountainbleau spoiled me.  It's my first time at exhale and probably my last time for the following reasons. 1. It's really small...  The changing room is small, the sauna is tiny...  When I say tiny I mean it can only seats 3 people and if you want to lay down,  there won't be space for others. No massage tub, not even a hot tub. 2. The pool has a nice view. When we went, it was half full. We were really happy because one of the only thing we don't like about the fountainbleau is the pool is always full. So seeing a half empty pool area makes me smile. We laid down and enjoyed the sun. When I was just about to fell asleep, a waiter walked over and told us we have to leave. He said that all the chairs with towels are booked. So the pool area is basically all booked and there's nothing available even there's nobody at the pool. So we decided to just take a shower and go home. 3. So here comes the shower. There are only three  shower spaces and one was out of order. So we have to wait to use the shower. The shampoo bottle has "shampoo" on one side and "conditioner" on the other side....  The water pressure was up and down (so basically if somebody flushes the toilet, your water pressure goes down). And the cleaning lady pushes the door open without knocking when my friend was still in shower.... 4. When we first went into the changing room, there are two male staff inside fixing the sauna....   5. Men and women use the same waiting room...   So that being said,  I'm not impressed. With the same money you get much more at fountainbleau...  So I'm not going  back even my massage therapist was really good.
What I like most about this Exhale is that you are guaranteed an excellent spa treatment no matter what you do or who your esthetician is. This place is absolutely consistent. Mitzi gives the most incredible facial I have ever had. Camilo is a massage god and Maria does great manis and pedis. If you are "results-oriented" then you will like this spa. Gym is also fantastic as are the classes. With that said, it does lack some of the accouterments of other places (like the Mandarin) with regards to facility and administrative service. The other drawback is the parking situation at Epic, with its nightmare carousel of a valet. Make sure you text as soon as you finish your spa appointment to request your car! Nevertheless, the spa itself is really great as are all of its treatments.
Epic has amazing and very diverse mind and body classes. My favorite is the Yoga class with Jodi. The yoga studio is very serene and Jodi has an amazing energy, her class is both energizing and relaxing at the same time. The staff is also very friendly. I must say that I am very impressed and would highly recommend the classes there.
The BF snagged a deal during spa month treating me to a mani pedi. As expected, pricier than other places but worth the splurge. The spa is absolutely beautiful. They serve complimentary exotic teas. Front desk staff was very friendly and I was promptly greeted my Carla who did both my mani and pedi. She was very gentle yet thorough. The whole process took a good hour and a half and they add nice touches such as hot towels and this awesome sugar scrub that smells like dessert. They also validate valet parking for a reduced $5 rate, although it takes forever to retrieve your car. Downstairs is a mad house... All in all however, one of the better spas downtown.
I'm a very regular practitioner of vinyasa yoga when I'm at home in San Francisco and was looking for a class that would challenge me while visiting Miami. I was staying at a hotel across the street from the Epic and decided to try out Exhale for a Vinyasa Flow 2 Class.  Mia was a great instructor, a bundle of happy, assertive energy.  She pushed us and gave nice individual attention with appropriate adjustments.  The studio itself was clean, had a nice view of one of Epic's balcony areas/skyline, with beautiful wooden floor. I'd put the overall experience on par or above Yoga Works, Yoga Tree, or Bhakti Flow in San Francisco.
I was ready to give up on getting in shape. I've always been moderately healthy, but as most girls, always striving to lose that extra fifteen pounds. I had experimented with yoga at Green Monkey, but needed something to combine with it for that extra push. I had found out about Exhale through their Namasday outdoor yoga event which was pretty cool. The Epic in general is one of the best hotels in Miami because of it's beautiful location, Zuma and of course, Exhale...  I found out Exhale is nation wide + the turks and caicos. How did I not know about this? I bought a week of transformation for $30 and attended five core fusion classes. The first one I literally was shocked. I've never in my life had that much of an ass kicking. It really pushed me and motivated me to get better and to ONE DAY....be able to keep up with the rest of the class. The instructors for core fusion are hands down, incredible. This class incorporates pilates, yoga and ballet. they have other fusion classes such as core fusion cardio, sport and core fusion yoga. Big props to Alexandra, jackie, and Julie!! Yes there are SOME pretentious people around this spa but most of them are the residents who live there... totally normal in Miami. ignore them.... The week of transformation allows you to use the locker rooms, steam room and fitness center so essentially, you are a member for that week. It really is worth it. If I wasn't moving soon, I would dig into my budget so that I could afford this wonderful membership... they have one for the classes and another for spa treatments monthly. I have yet to receive a spa treatment but did get a manicure with Carla who was fantastic as noted by other yelpers. As far as the 'transformation' I did see results after five very painful core fusion classes in a 5 day period... I can only imagine how much your body would change after months. So yelp...I've found the answer... Exhale is a legitimate life changer.
Just had the most amazing massage ever with Robert Howe...If you are ever in Miami, treat yourself to a 90 minute Exhale Flow Massage with Robert.   You will not be disappointed!  I do however agree with other reviewers about the front desk staff.  Two of the three were friendly and helpful... The third should not be in the customer service business.  She did not point out all of the amenities and came across as pretentious and rude. Robert is the only reason I stayed with a five star rating.
The spa was lovely with a great choice in activities. Loved the facial. The gym was adequate. The yoga classes are fabulous. The tea is a nice touch. The staff was great especially Mitzie. I would go again anytime  #exhale #kimpton
- Using the Gym/Core Fusion Classes: 4.5 stars - Chillin' at the Spa: 3 stars - Spa Service: 4 stars Got a great deal during spa month - a facial and 5 Core Fusion classes for $99 to use in the next 2 months. As outlined above, my ratings vary a bit depending on what I was doing. - Gym/Core Fusion Classes: 4.5 The class I attended was packed, but I reserved and got there early. I was completely lost during my first class and I was impressed that the instructor noticed I was new immediately, gave me a great spot in the class where I can watch the pros do their thing, and remembered my name immediately. I felt very taken care of, and despite how freaking challenging the bootcamp class what (note: I am a total inactive weakling), I could totally tell these classes are very well-thought out and of very high quality. Challenging, but effective. - Chillin' at the Spa: 3 Some history: I've only been to the spa at The Standard, Viceroy, and the Fontainebleau, which are very large, very fancy-looking places. Coming into Exhale, I didn't know what to expect but was underwhelmed. While the place was much smaller, it was definitely cozy. Someone else here described it as more of a "day spa", although not sure what that really means. The relaxation room you're at prior to your service has some chairs to relax in, some tea, and spa music. Although all the elements were right, it still felt like a waiting room, but with not much else to do but sit. I was thankful I was alone. I think it would have been awkward with more people. The steam room in the ladies area is a total fail. I think it only fits one person comfortable and non-awkwardly. I had to keep checking to see if it was empty. - Spa Service: 4 Although initially, the facialist who came to get me seemed apathetic and bored with life, she gave me one heck of a facial.  Kudos. I guess at the end of the day, who cares if you're not particularly nice? You made my face look freaking awesome.
I scheduled a 30 min brighten facial a few weeks ago. The facility was nice. I liked their waiting room with the cozy chaise lounges and plush throws. They offered tea while you waited. Most spas usually offer more than just tea but maybe I was asking for too much. I enjoyed my facial..the therapist had a soothing touch. She also did my friends massage and she loved it too. The drawbacks were the size of the locker area. I agree what another person said. They put me and my friends locker right above someone else's while there were a plethora of empty lockers on the opposite side. And the door to the locker room was so heavy..it was a little annoying. Oh and it seemed like they ran out of money when they made the bathrooms..they were standard compared to what the rest of Epic looks like. But I'll return because they have a resident special..check out their website for more info.
I work nearby, so I've been taking evening gym classes here.  The core studio is shiny, new, and clean, with an impressive view of the downtown buildings.  The core instructor Julie is energetic and professional, and because she uses a microphone, the whole class can hear her instructions.  A unique feature that I have never seen in other gyms is a wooden "hang bar" that we are recommended to hang from to stretch before and after class. The temperature of the yoga studio is elevated and the room is not as impressive as the core room (the curtains were kept closed).  The instructor Nora was lighthearted and her music selection included nontraditional selections like neosoul, jazz, etc.   The 60 minute massage I had using a Gilt City voucher was excellent.  The full price is out of my price range, but I could always cut back on the going out to eat to save up and return. The spartan restroom does not match the rest of the luxurious surroundings, and I agree with the comment below that says it seems that they ran out of money before building the restroom.
I got a massage here during my last trip to Miami, and it was amazing. The spa itself is gorgeous and very serene. I felt so relaxed and loose after my massage. My massage therapist let me pick the oil that she used, and she asked if I wanted a relaxation massage or a deep tissue massage. I opted for deep tissue, and there were times that she got up on the table and pulled my limbs in ways that I had never experienced before during a massage, but it felt amazing. Definitely one of the best massages I've ever had. My only complaint about Exhale is that the staff at the front desk is stuffy and pretentious, to the point of actually coming off as rude. I don't expect anyone to kiss my ass, but for what you pay for a massage, would it hurt to smile at a customer??
this gym is absolutely georgeous! I came here with my bff for our first core fusion class and wow! our instructor kicked our little buts!! She was so nice and understanding..but at the same time..she pushed us to keep on, even when we wanted to give up.. I mean..literally every muscle in my body hurts..but I liked it so much I can't wait to go to class again tomorrow. The gym is complete, with changing rooms, sauna, steam room, they have a whole section of apparel and of course the spa! They sell some really yummy protein bars and they give you complementary fresh juices in the morning. Like someone already mentioned...u can't beat the views! but yes..the $5 valet is kinda of a downer. Major perk is that after a long workout you get to enjoy the hotel's pool, so that's always nice. My friend and I were able to relax and enjoy some really cold pina coladas!
I stayed at the EPIC and took core fusion classes daily. I loved the instructors, the studios were gorgeous, and the gym equipment was terrific. I wish I could stay forever and take classes all day! I also had a 60 minute fusion massage one day, which was amazing. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars was the GRN manicure/pedicure. For the money, it was not worth it. My nails ended up breaking and cracking the same day, and I thought the pedicure would have been more luxurious. My technician was totally rushed and stressed out. Still, I would recommend the classes and massage to anyone!
Overall, not a bad place for spa-food-drink. I took advantage of Miami spa month and booked myself into a morning yoga class followed by a 30 minute organic facial, some lunch at Area 51, time in their fabulous Hamam and a 30minute deep tissue massage. I finished off my spa day with some relaxation in the quiet room with herbal tea in hand and a toasty warm neck pillow straight out of the "oven". The highlights were the yoga space, the Hamam (coed) and the skill level of therapists. Also, I very much enjoyed my lunch at Area 51- had the rush hour bento box special and it exceeded my expectations. The low points were the tiny and cramp changing area where guests were made to stumble around each other in order to access their lockers- some even had to relocate in order to change-NOT RELAXING! Why they didn't spread people out I will never understand. Also, the non-coed sauna is very small and the water pressure in the showers leaves much to be desired. Basically, I found the spa amenities very minimal. They were out of some of their herbal teas and did not offer any fruit or any blood sugar enhancers, which I feel are must haves in spas that expect people to stay longer than an hour or 2. This place is somewhat more like a day spa given the minimal amenities. Finally, I thought I was taking a vinyasa yoga class, but it must have been a core fusion class as it was more like power yoga class on crack - a bit on the advanced side with only 5 minutes dedicated to relaxation of a 75 minute class. Overall, A-OK-  I would return for a class or a service or even a lunch, but not my choice for a spa day.
Book a mani/pedi your nails will LOVE you and while you're there get a Z-peel facial, the estheticians and nail technicians are wonderful. If you're in the mood for shopping, check-out the boutique, they have a great selection.
My mom and I went to Exhale to get our nails done for my wedding. We had actually purchased a deal on Groupon for half off a mani/pedi. We loved it! It was a relaxing break from all the wedding planning. After we left, I got a $20 off promo code via e-mail, so I went back for another manicure. Melissa did my mom's mani/pedi and did my nails the second time I went. She's great!
I stayed at the Epic over the weekend. While I was there I did the Exhale Spa for a Deep Tissue massage. I must say that is was great. The Quiet Room with the custom blended teas set the mood for me as I wait for my service to begin. OH, let me say that I walked in at 1:15pm without an appointment and they did not flip out or get the stink face because of it. They were able to fit me into a 1:30pm massage for an hour. Afterwards, I went to the Hamman Steam room. I didnt really like because I like the wet steam better than the dry. Then I went out to the pool and lounged until I was ready to eat lunch.  I really liked this spa and the custer service I recieved. Then to top it all off, when I woke up this morning. Exhale had sent an email to me for 20% off my next treatment within 30days. I really think I am going to use it.
If you're in the hotel, as we usually are, it's great to just to be able to go down to the spa in your robe from your room. The massage was a good "standard" without any real versatility or deviation from a set formula but still efficient to iron out the wrinkles from a long day shopping. As we are in love with the hotel, we would have liked to give the spa a higher rating but....the reception staff are a little on the rude side, not very attentive or knowledgeable, and the girl who was on at the end of the day when I went (9pm) was obviously pissed-off to be there and couldn't wait to leave - rather than taking my booking for the next day she suggested I "call in the morning". All said and done, I would go back for a massage.
Oh so disappointed! Nothing about this spa is cozy, luxury, relaxing. The facilities are underwhelming whether you're in the lounge/waiting area, the bathroom, the front desk. So many issues I don't have the energy to go through the shortfalls.
This was my first visit to the spa. I received a wonderful pedicure from Carla. I wish I had more time to use the Hammam and steam room. After my visit the spa sent me a coupon for $20 off my next visit. That is excellent customer service!
Used a gift certificate to have a 50 minute massage.  Therapist was very very good.  No complaints.  Agree howver with the comments about the locker rooms with minimal amenities (as compared to the Sports Club LA in the Four Season where I work out).  It was impossible to relax in the relaxation area as you could hear noise from the restaurant above and I could also hear it in the massage room.  There is better value for the money in Miami where you can really unwind, be pampered and relax.  Mandarin Spa, Four Seasons etc.
I have to say, I had the best mani/pedi ever! The only reason in giving Exhale 4 stars is because the of the facilities. Compared to the hotel and service by the employees- the nail spa and locker room/bathroom are disappointing. Daniela did my mani/pedi and is SO knowledgeable and friendly. I genuinely enjoyed talking to her and learned a lot about how to care for my hands and feet. The only things I wished they offered were a blanket or robe to me because it was a little cold in the room and something to drink. While the price is steeper then I usually pay (I bought a Rue La La certificate do I could try it out), I can honestly say it is worth it. The products used are organic and vegan and they did not irritate my very sensitive skin.  I really don't think I can ever go to another nail place again!
Could not live without them.  They are the only ones that can take my mind off of work when I all them to pamper & spoil me!
This review is for the spa. Get the Zpeel, if you have combination skin like me. Incredible! Your skin will glow for days afterwards. You can add it on to most of the other facials as well, most of which are also great. I try to go once every month to keep my skin in top shape. Is it cheap? No, it's not. You want skin like a new born baby? You get what you pay for. Every esthetician I've had is leagues beyond cheaper places. Product wise they are not pushy either. Some of the other reviewers noted that the front desk people were not so friendly, I haven't had that experience. Minus a star because the parking is a mess on a weekend and for the ongoing construction.
Patch is an excellent masseuse. I can't recommend her healing touch enough. The front desk could use some help. They were slow and confused and what should have been a five minute checkout took fifteen.
The best mani/pedi I have received in quite some time. Carla was sweet, thoughtful and simply amazing.  My hands and feet have never felt so soft! I only wished the salon carried more diverse Essie colors. If you stick with their standard colors, you should have no problem.
Perfection in every way. I started going to exhale when they first opened in 2010. I suffered back pain and the instructors were great.  Kimberly from the Boston location spent time with me privately and sent me exercises via email. These were the same exercises that I got from my physical therapist at Cleveland Clinic Florida. Let's just say that my monthly fees at Exhale were significantly less expensive than my CCF bill even after my insurance chipped in. Since June 2010, I've gone to Exhale locations in NYC, Chicago and Atlanta. I would still have to say that the Miami provides the most challenging yet exhilarating classes of all. Each instructor has a different teaching methodology, but you always feel like you've accomplished a lot there. I returned  to Miami in August 2011 ad even after receiving a diagnosis of hypothyroidism, I still feel like I'm making progress physically in spite of. I went to 3 yoga classes by Jodi and Julie back to back since Friday. I feel awesome. I haven't been to the chiropractor or physical therapist since I returned. The spa services are also top notch. Daniella makes a mani/pedi feel like you're going to visit a girlfriend. My nails look great days after.  I make  it to 7 days minimum with just regular polish when she does my nails. Consider this place a mind, body investment for your overall health. The benefits are endless.
The WORST experience I've ever had at a spa. Was charged for services that I didn't receive and it has taken me months of arguing with the director to get my money back. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Director is always "away from her office" or "in a meeting". Mind you I've never seen a customer in the spa so how busy could she actually be. 6 months later I was offered a refund by another manager so he took my credit card info and still no refund was posted. Called the director back and was told that my card was not accepting the refund. She tried again on the phone and it went through. Obviously someone doesn't know how to do their job and then she had the nerve to bring up on the phone how she bad mouthed me to my general manager at my old job which is located in the same building. Mind you my previous job and the money that was wrongfully charged to my card have nothing to do with each other and I've never even met this lady! COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. Would not recommend dealing with this company or director ever in your life.
