What a cute little shop in a cute little plaza! This place is a "cannot just walk pass" situation. Once you notice the display of chocolates you have to walk in. Besides the tons of chocolate presented there are also different types of candy location on the wall and shelves. In the back there's also an area there you can order drinks and sweets. Such a cute place to check out if you're in the area.
During my second visit to City Street Sweets I had the pleasure of trying their milk chocolate potato chip bark. It was AMAZING! I was nervous that my piece would not have enough chips inside, but boy was I wrong. Each bite was perfectly salty and crunchy. It was absolutely scrumptious! I cannot believe I walked out of the store with only one piece. Seriously willpower today...
Exceptional chocolate store. Mostly everything is homemade. Also has great coffee and ice cream. Fun place for kids and adults alike.
This is a great place to meet friends for coffee and dessert. My favorite has to be the chocolate covered caramel with sea salt. Plus I am on their mailing list and receive tons of coupons and updates on new flavors.
First trip, not impressed.  Have had better.  They do have some interesting flavors.  The chocolate covered potato chips are pretty good, really expensive overall.
Good place for homemade chocolate with a good variety but for the price I would probably go to Qachbal's on Channelside they are not necessarily cheaper but definitely a bigger portion. Why 3 stars..... the owner appeared to be a bit grumpy on that day.
Very nice guy, gave me a sample of the white chocolate and I got hooked
I have been coming here since its previous location. I have never been unhappy with anything. As a matter of fact I can't say enough good about Ashworth Artisan Chocolate. Their handmade chocolates are unique and delicious! You don't just get chocolate like theirs anywhere. Their Frozen Hot Chocolate is ridiculously delicious. Can't get enough! If you are in the area and you don't stop here you really are missing out!
What a fancy name, right? Well, it's fancy chocolate...fancy, delicious chocolate. I saw a few things when I walked into AAC. Actually, I saw a lot of things but a few stood out right away. The first was the amazing chocolate display, and the second was everything else. They've got truffles, and turtles, and chocolates, and...I think just started drooling a little. I even had the pleasure of sampling their Pumpkin Pie fudge! I will be back for more of that. You can count on it. At the end of the day, I finally decided on an artisan chocolate called Margarita Nights. It was dark chocolate with sea salt. Almost too salty, but it danced along the borderline gracefully. While the cashier was ringing me up I dazed off into a wall of gorgeous local art. I absolutely love it when a business supports the arts from a local standpoint. Tampa is chock-full of talent! Talent and chocolate...that's a feast on two levels.
Really cute little shop here in Hyde Park Village. I hadn't been in until recently but had heard lots of good things, so I was super thrilled to give it a try. Something I noticed about Ashworth was the big variety of chocolates/fudge they had. I'd say they had a little bit more than an average chocolate store. I sampled some fudge -- pretty good, not amazing, but an interesting taste. They had tons of holiday stuff which was awesome and I really want to try out their chocolates on the wine and chocolate runs. Just a cute place near home, so I'm a fan.
This place has some of the most beautiful hand made chocolates I've ever seen.  We arrived near the end of the day, so a lot of the flavors were gone, but even the few that were left were unique enough that my wife and I were each able to get three different post-dinner treats.  The chocolates were the perfect consistency where you can bite into them and get a little bit of a crunch before all that delectable butter fat starts to melt.  They are a little pricey- the six chocolates we chose were about $10, but honestly it was well worth it. My only complaint is that they just have K cups for coffee, but considering Indigo is literally across the street it isn't a huge deal.  It's just nice to get a rich coffee with your chocolates sometimes.
I have found a taste of heaven here in Tampa, and that taste is in the form of Jalapeño Pepper Fudge. Sounds a little off, right? Sounded just weird enough to me that I tried some, and WOW. Chocolatey fudginess with the slightest burn at the end that just kept me wanting more and more.  Not too hot, not too sweet, just perfect. It's a good thing my place is kind of a hike from here, or I'd be signing up for Jenny Craig because of this stuff. This place is a nice little joint to hang out in, with coffee and seating for a few people.  The staff was just as polite as can be, and the location is right in the heart of the shopping/art gallery district known as Hyde Park. So come shop for art and doggie treats next door then stop in here for the jalapeño fudge and a cup of coffee.
We went to CSS last night for their Friday Fudge night. Oh my how fun and YUMMY. We had a white chocolate martini tasting and were offered many many decadent homemade sweets. I loved each bit! The Pepper Fudge is very very nice though mild, but my heat tolerance is very high. On their website they list events and last nights event takes place monthly, we were each given a bag a different sweets to take home. MMMM I also bought a variety of chocolate bark. They have the largest gummy bear (5lbs) and a Giant Gummy worm! They also take care of those who cannot handle sugar with a small selection of sugar free products. We drove all the way over from Clearwater and loved the Hyde Park area. Great reason to take a little trip to explore! Definitely check this little nugget out!
Wow! What a place! Fantastic chocolates, and some stunning art work for sale. SOOO glad I stopped in!
Custom in -house made chocolates? Creamy and delicious? Oh yes, please. Fudge to die for... dark and milk chocolates mixed with nuts and fruit and all manner of other waist threatening sin... yes, oh yes.
I consider myself a chocolate enthusiast. I've been here many times. My impression has declined across visits. There are many types of chocolates. The display case houses specialty chocolates and truffles and chocolate barks with all types of fillings from oreos to potato chips, etc. There is a good selection of fudge and you can sample any fudge flavors you like. There is a large display of nostalgic candy items covering a side wall and a sad little freezer of less than a dozen ice cream varieties (these are not made in house and are very run of the mill flavors). The store also makes chocolate for holidays (Easter bunnies, Santa's, etc. ) and you can special order favors for baby showers, weddings, or parties. Overall, I feel this store is overpriced and the selection is lacking. Quality and taste are average.
I have a friend in Florida who has twice sent me these chocolates as a gift.  They are seriously the best chocolates I've ever tasted.  I'm in Southern California.  The only other chocolate that's been this memorable to me is hot chocolate at Angelina's in Paris.  I'm thinking I should try Ashworth's sipping chocolate.  These would make great gifts to business associates, any gift giving occasion or some special person you're wanting to impress.  I could become an addict to these chocolates...
This is a cute shop in Hyde Park Village with a good assortment of house made artisan chocolates, truffles, white, milk and dark chocolate barks, chocolate-dipped treats (marshmallows, Oreos, pretzels, apples), chocolate turtles and a variety of homemade fudge flavors. They also offer ice cream (not homemade, I think it's Blue Bell), milkshakes, soda floats, regular and frozen hot chocolate, cookies and some nostalgic candies including some different gummy varieties, taffy, rock candy, lollipops, jelly beans and molded chocolates for different occasions.  There is also a small variety of sugar-free chocolates.   We've been here on several occasions and have tried a couple of fudge flavors that we enjoyed - key lime pie, birthday cake and pumpkin pie, as well as some of the dark chocolate pecan turtles.  Everything was good but none really blew us away.  We tried the hot chocolate on one of the two cold nights here in Tampa this winter and it was excellent - rich, thick, creamy and deadly sweet, but would have been even better if they had added some homemade marshmallows.... It's a cute place to get a locally-made gift for a chocolate-lover or indulge in some super-sweet treats yourself.  In my opinion, I think you can get better chocolate at Godiva, but I like to patronize local shops so I'll continue to come back to City Street Sweets when I'm in Hyde Park Village and need to satisfy my sweet tooth.   Be prepared to pay handsomely though, on our last visit we bought two flower-shaped lollipops for our friends kids and they were $4 a piece, fortunately the kids seemed to enjoy them :-)
I liked this place.  We found it because my husband wanted ice cream, and it was the closest place that had ice cream to where we had dinner. He said the ice cream was great.  I don't know because once I saw all the candy, I forgot about ordering ice cream. I had the salted dark chocolate caramel.  It was great.  I also had some bacon potato chip chocolate bark.  Everything was fantastic.  The bacon and potato chips were still crispy despite the chocolate.  I love salt with chocolate. Prices are on the high side, but c'mon, it's Hyde Park Village.  Parking is also a bit of a pain.
Ashworth Artisan Chocolate is a high-end chocolate store in Hyde Park. My husband and I usually stop here after seeing a movie at Cinebistro. I had to dock off a star because the chocolates looked prettier and tastier than they actually were. Also, the prices are extremely high so I usually only splurge on a piece or two at a time. if you are looking for a decadent treat or a unique stocking stuffer check out this chocolate store!
