I'm a stick figure drawing type of person.  I am not even capable of drawing a straight line with out some type of curvature or a perfect circle. But why I love this place so much is because you don't have to be perfect. You don't even have to know how to draw!  These step by step paintings are easy to follow and pretty much anyone... I mean ANYONE can't fudge this up. It's probably the reason why I have come here several times already and brought guests with me.  It's a perfect date night, girls night, de stress night and even a dudes night out.   I plan to start hosting my client appreciations parties here at some point. The artists will have a special theme painting specially for your event. So clients have a memorable item to take home. Great way to build rapport and relationships.  Besides, who doesn't enjoy trying to paint something new while enjoying some wine?! If your trying to find where to take that special someone they have a date night themed painting. I think it's a great way to start any date or get to know someone. So check this place out! Good luck with your paintings and hopefully you enjoy your time as much as I have!
FUN, FUN, FUN! Everyone has a good time at Painting with a Twist! Check out their calender online, reserve your seat, request seat assignments with friends, bring beverage and food of choice to event, arrive early and enjoy! There's street parking and a small lot behind the building. Walk in and find your name on a plate, go back to the counter and check in, grab an apron, and let the fun begin. It's best if you arrive early to enjoy libations and get settled in. Brushes, water cups and paints on a plate will be awaiting your arrival. I like to look at the painting beforehand and begin painting the bottom of the canvas and let it dry, so it doesn't stick to the easel and you have more time to paint the rest of the canvas. This is totally optional and a little OCD, but that's me. Tables are narrow, so it's a tight squeeze. Be careful not to move your easel, which is also in contact with the easel across from you. There's limited space, just enough space for your painting supplies and a drink. You'll have to squeeze in any other food you bring. There's a large flat screen TV on one wall, so you don't have to turn all the way around to watch the instructor. The moderator/teachers are always fantastic, fun, talented, and positively positive. They really set the tone for the event and direct us in a way that we're having fun while creating our masterpieces. Seriously, you don't have to be talented. They help you bring out your creativity, provide simple instructions so you're not stressed out at all. Music helps. It's all about having fun.
Painting with a Twist is one of my favorite places to get my creative juices following. My fellow Yelper, Sara S. and I decided on a class after receiving their newsletter. PWAT is such a great deal. When you sign up for a class, everything is included:  instruction, paints, painting supplies, and a canvas. Most classes are priced for ONLY $35! The added bonus is...it is BYOB! You can drink wine, beer, soda and snack on your own munchies! PWAT also provides plates, napkins, cups, and utensils for their patrons too! "Wicked Moonlight" was the painting we worked on tonight. Pam was our head instructor, and Sharon was her assistant. Pam was a great teacher and taught step-by-step in detail. Her instruction pace was perfect. The only time I fell behind is when I stopped to refill my wine tumbler. This class was full, and I understand why. Our paintings turned out gorgeous! I have been to PWAT several times in the past, but I was never happy with any of my paintings. This masterpiece was the first one I actually was proud of! The staff is always so friendly here and they are more than willing to lend you a helpful hand. PWAT even offers SOS classes one day a month, if you are unhappy with your masterpiece! Be sure to sign up for their emails so you can preview their upcoming classes! I always need more art for my home, so I will definitely be back. I am feeling the need for a future UYE here. Who's in?
To date, I have been here twice and have yet to be disappointed. Both times, it was with a group of girl friends and we brought our own wine and a some snacks. It is a fun, lively atmosphere and your painting skills seem to get better as the evening goes on...(Maybe it was the wine?). Either way, you will learn something and feel great leaving with your little masterpiece. Great for a girls night or a date night.
I surprised my wife with this class to try something different. We had a blast! It was easier than we expected. No experience needed. The artist explains everything step by step and even does a demonstration at the front of the class. Well worth the price! We will definitely do this again soon!
I have never painted anything in my life and I came out of there with something respectable for a first-timer. I had a lot of fun. I'm sure the wine helped a little :). The staff is really friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed myself. I have never heard anyone say that they had a bad time after coming here.
I walked in as regular Breonna but walked out as Artiste' Breonna with a beautiful canvas to prove it! I really enjoyed myself at painting with a twist! I sipped on wine (BYOB) while channeling my inner artist. I paid $35 for 2 hours of painting and can't wait to do it again! It was well worth it in my opinion. I went with a group and we all had a great time. However, it did feel a bit rushed towards the end of our 2 hour party. I also noticed a few people had trouble keeping up throughout the class but I found the people who had the most trouble was taking the instructions too literal. It's best to just go with the flow and not think too hard about painting the picture. Allow your inner artist to flow through your fingertips  lol! I finished my canvas and it hangs proudly in my kitchen as proof that Artiste' Breonna lives within! Great place for those looking for something different to do with friends or just enjoy creating artwork!
So fun. The instructors are patient and go step by step. Really fun music. 3rd visit so far. Really enjoy the whole experience. I don't drink and never felt like I was missing out. Great way to spend an evening out with a friend!!
I have been to the St. Pete studio a few times,  and recently ventured over to Tampa to do a "date night" painting. We arrived just a few minutes early and were actually some of the first ones there. I would recommend being on time so you can get a good parking spot, and so you don't miss any of the first steps. I have a hard enough time keeping up with the class, I can only imagine how difficult it would be if I was behind. (I am not an artist by any means!) This is a fun activity but a little pricey - averaging $35 or $45 per person. It's a good night out with friends, family, or your date!
I had  BLAST!! One of my good girlfriends convinced me to go with her and do this, since I had never been and I'm so glad I did!! Once you check in you get to pick out your smock (they each have something different on them, ex: mine had a coconut bra and a grass skirt and my friends had some "chains with $$ symbols"). They then give you a canvas and you find your seat with an easel, paint, brushes, water cup and paper towels.  Once you get started the instructor tells you step by step what to do. There is someone (this night was Clara if I remember right) that goes around and refills your paint or helps you when you are lost. It took us close to 2 hours to do it and thank goodness it wasn't more. I could have sat there and tried to 'perfect' my painting all night!! We had a blast and next time we plan to pick a 'easier' pairing like a ladybug or shark!! Bonus: You can bring your own wine or snacks :)
I painted my first painting at Painting With a Twist in St. Pete and had so much fun!  Unfortunately, I had so much fun chit chatting and drinking that I did not finish my painting.  Luckily, Painting With a Twist offers free S.O.S. classes the first Saturday of each month. I visited the Tampa location for the S.O.S. class since it is closer to my home.  I figured since it was a free class the paint would be provided and we were on our own to finish our paintings. Not only was an instructor present, but she was also really helpful and was eager to help instruct anyone that needed assistance. The Tampa location currently does not allow BYOB liquor like the other locations, but they do offer a coupon for a free glass of wine or beer at Beef O'Brady's next door.  The parking lot is very small and is shared with other businesses so arrive early or be prepared to park down the block. Hopefully the Tampa location acquires their liquor license soon because I would love to take another class soon!
This place is great! Honestly, one of the most fun things I have done in Tampa to date that doesnt include drinking... oh wait. In all seriousness, I really enjoyed it. I can't even draw a stick figure correctly and I walked out of class with a painting that isn't half bad! Just makes me want to go back and do another class so I can just get better. The instructors are so much fun, the wine and music just make it even more fun. Great for a girls night out, special event for a group, work team building, art classes, etc. At frist I thought it was a little pricey but don't hesitate - it's worth every penny. Have fun!!!
Went here with a group recently and had a great time! The brief lesson was a huge help and got most of us off to a starting point where we felt comfortable. We wanted to drink while we painted so we had to run next door. To Beef o Brady's and bring them back (neither business seemed to mind) so we were able to get the best of both worlds. Painting with a twist is such a cool place to,go with a group just remember it can get pricey with all the drinks!
Fun. I never realized how much fun painting could be (or even that I loved to paint) until I went to Painting with a Twist. Initially I thought the $35 was a little pricey, but it ended up being worth it. We booked a private party and brought wine, cookies, snacks, etc. Our instructor was very helpful and willing to slow down and guide us.They paint the same canvas you are doing step by step so that you can copy what they do. Our instructor was also hilarious and "ordered" us to take a shot every time we looked like we were stressing about our paintings. Of course, the paintings all came out wonderful. I definitely want to come back soon.
This is so fun!  The first time I went was for a girlfriend's birthday party and we all had a blast. The instructors make painting fun and I loved seeing, at the end, how all our paintings of the same thing were still all so different.  I have planned an upcoming team event for my employees here as well.  This is great for a date night, a girls night, a work night, or even just to go by yourself if you have an evening free.  My only problem is where am I going to hang all my masterpieces?
What a great time I had! At first, I was skeptical since I am by no means an "arteest" and didn't want to shell out $35 to paint like a first grader. But as more and more of my friends got in on the fun, I finally caved. I am so glad I did! The instructors take you step by step so even if you are artistically challenged, even YOU, yes you, can do it. There are wine breaks as well, which is a plus in my book! If you're not a wine-o like myself, you can bring other adult bev's and snacks, as well. Its a fun night out with the girls, for sure! I am looking forward to dragging my husband to a class sometime for couples night. newlywednichole.com/2012…
This is such a fun night out with your girlfriends. Get there about 15 minutes early and get your canvas set up and apron on . They already have your paints and brushes out for you. The real reason you get there early is so you can get your wine open. Duh. Mingle around and chat with the other painters. It looks overwhelming when you start. You have no idea how you will ever get a painting to look like the teachers. Some how some way it happens. The instructors are so nice and detailed with their explanations. If it looks like things are getting tense they ring a bell and everyone has to put their brushes down and drink. During the class the owner walks around and takes action photos of you painting your masterpiece. He later posts them on facebook. You take group photos at the end and honestly even when it is a large group every painting turns out great. We all have an inner artist in us. Find yours!
Great experience. I will be back. Wasn't sure what I got myself into when signing up for this class as I don't see myself as an artist by any means. However I have a painting that I took home proud of!!! My friend and I did the fancy dress picture and both surprised ourself with our final product. The instructor, Kristin did a great job explaining and encouraging us throughout the class. I cannot wait to go back!
I painted "The Black Dress" with Tobey as the main instructor. When I walked in and saw that this was the painting, I was really nervous that it wasn't going to turn out well. I don't consider myself to have any painting ability, but the style of the class made it really easy to follow along. At the front of the class sat the final painting as well as a blank canvas. The instructor tells the class which brush to use when, what paint colors to use, how to paint on the canvas, and in what area. It was also really nice that the instructor helps you and encourages you to add your own flair where you want. I was in a class with people who changed the colors, style of the dress, and words on the side of the painting. The instructors were willing to give us other paint colors and help us with ideas of ways to add to our own painting. I really enjoyed this class and will absolutely go back. I have already hung up the painting that I did while I was there.
