Old Yeller sandwich is absolutely awesome!!  If I could make it at home I would but Circles has that magic touch on great taste! Grilled yellow fin tuna on a toasted Kaiser roll with wasabi mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato and pickle
Solid four stars. Great location, right on the bay with a pretty incredible view. The only thing that would've made it better is if you were able to see a total sunset. Unfortunately, the horizon where the sun sets is blocked by buildings. But still a pretty great view. I mistakenly ordered margaritas to start at the tiki bar while waiting for our reservation. Don't get me wrong, the margaritas were great, but I must be getting old because they totally hit me. So it was on to beer from there. The staff was very friendly, attentive and speedy. No complaints at all in that department. They start you off with this incredible bread which must be made in a brick oven because it was perfectly baked. French bread, crunchy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. It comes with whipped butter and the combination was amazing. I ordered a filet, medium rare. It came out a little more on the rare side, but not enough to fault them. Tasted absolutely amazing - no A1 sauce needed. It said it's only an 8 ounce cut, but it seemed bigger than that, which I certainly didn't complain about. Baked potato was good, but not amazing. Could've been left in the oven a little longer. I tried my friend's Chicken Parmesan (first time trying this ever anywhere!) and it was incredible!  Wish I had ordered that instead. Breaded chicken breast, perfectly cooked, and the cheese was spectacular. I can't remember the last time I liked something so much the first time I tried it. So so good. So I will definitely be back, with Chicken Parm in my sites. Definitely worth the trip!
By a wide margin, the best place to eat in Apollo Beach.  Go for lunch - the dinner menu is all "fish filet on top of rice" stuff, and pretty pricey.  Nightlife can be acceptable, though.  Right on the water, with a great view if you're sitting outside.   Grouper sandwich (lunch only) is where it's at here.  I usually get my sandwiches blackened, but the breading on their fried grouper is awesome, so it's a good choice getting it fried.  And ask if they have the corn and crab chowder.  It's not on the menu, but it's great.  I never get soup, unless I order it here. Service has gotten better and much faster over the last few times I've been here, as well.  And keep your eyes peeled for wildlife.  Dolphins will often swim right up to the boat docks.  This is a great place to bring relatives, visiting dignitaries, or a lunchtime meeting.
Probably one of the best seafood places I've ever eaten at. The food is delicious and a sunset dinner out on the water is beautiful. The waitress was friendly and attentive. I will definitely come back here when in the area.
I'd give 2 1/2 stars if I could, up from my 2 stars from before.  Hostesses have gotten better but the wait staff and bus staff still need to be more organized and prompt.  The kitchen needs to learn how to make a baked potato - they are always just a bit too hard and would benefit from more oven time.  The Monday night Prime Rib special is still amazing and still a value even though the price has gone up.  Portions are huge - I sometimes get 2 meals out of leftovers!  The bartenders still make delicious but albeit unevenly sized martinis; sometimes a good pour, sometimes my olives or onions are barely damp. However, if you sit at the inside bar, the bartenders are amazing and consistent. I often come here by myself as I live in the neighborhood and "my" wait staff will ignore me for larger tables around me.  They'll circle around the full 4 or 5 top for repeat drinks or to see how the other tables are doing and not even look my way even though I'm waving madly.  Word to the wise - don't ignore the single at the two top because she's a middle-aged lady (how the heck did *that* happen?!?) reading a book.  She might just know how to tip for excellent service because she used to do your job somewhere else.... .
When they put you on the patio, make sure they don't stick you on the table by the bus boy stand, unless there are no others available. It is too close.
We arrived on this beautiful Sunday afternoon and were seated on the patio immediately. Service was quick and delightful. We started with the cold boiled shrimp. The prawns were huge...4 for each of the two of us. Nicely seasoned and accompanied by traditional cocktail sauce and lemon. The server also brought fresh warm bread to the table. The servers team up so the speed of service is nice. I ordered the Signature Salad with Shrimp and a Balsamic Vinaigrette. My partner had the spicy crusted grouper. Here's where things turned a bit and the hopes of a marvelous experience began to fizzle. Let me first statt by saying, we are Foodies- we LOVE good food and our expectations are high. We do not like chain restaurants at all.  The crusted grouper was very mushy as though it was frozen and thawed right before it was cooked. There was also little to no flavor in the breading. They claim that there fish is fresh, but not sure I buy that at this point. We promptly returned the dish and ordered a cajun chicken dish.  The chicken arrived about 10 or so minutes later, and it was "much better" according to my partner. Though a typical dish...chicken on a bed of rice with a side of zucchini. I think that another review noted "everything on a bed of rice". My partner had a few bites but had pretty much lost his appetite at this point. Honestly, the food could have easily come from a chain restaurant. Throughout the servers were very attentive.  The salad was pretty typical and large, though the balsamic dressing was delicious. The salad had bacon bits (real bacon), egg, cucumber, tomato and almonds. I prefer spring mix or romaine, but the lettuce looked like iceberg. The shrimp was "ok" no real flavor to add to the salad. Overall- what can I say?, it was a salad! Oddly enough as I was drinking my water, what I thought was condensation on the glass was actually some type of white grime- YUCK. Sent that back, realizing that I drank half of the water...makes my skin crawl a bit. Though the service was good, I am giving this place only two stars because the details matter. If you charge prices like they charge, everything should be spot on. ($7.50 to add about 7 small shrimp to a salad). Food, flavor, service. Adding a pretty purple flower to the plate is nice, but doesn't make up for deficiencies in the food. We were expecting a completely wonderful experience based on many of the reviews. We departed, still on a mission to find a great waterfront dining experience in Tampa. I am not certain that we'll be back at this point, because the food is just not worth the trip. Despite the experience no discount or apology was offered. 1 dinner salad, 2 entree's, 1 appetizer and a Sprite- $50.02 before tip.
Great food, great view, phenomenal atmosphere! A little bit of a drive if you're not from the area, but definitely worth it!!! Live music on some nights. There is more formal inside, great deck dining, as well as a tiki bar.
Seafood, burgers, and salads were great.  A little pricy, but the view and outside seating is great.  Service was good, but the food, restaurant, and ambiance should be the star, not the 'fabulous' waiter.
The food was excellent.  We have eaten here twice this trip. We had salads and lobster bisque for dinner once and the blackened shrimp and spicy shrimp and scallops linguini the other time. We will go back as often as we can. Has a good view of a marina and the bay.
Wow this place was just a delight! If you are a seafood fan this place is a must! I came here with a girl friend and we shared 3 apps they were just delicious. We ordered the chicken egg rolls, crab and artichoke dip and the peel and eat shrimp. The shrimp were no lie the size of my hand they were amazing and huge!!! All 3 of those were great so you can't go wrong with any of them. I will say they do not have a good beer selection though on draft. So dont have high expectations on the drafts. The service was just superb they were so friendly and knew the menu very well answered any questions we had. Beautiful views from the patio also! It is a pricey restaurant which is why I gave it 4 stars  high for being located in Apollo and wasn't blown away with the beer selection.
Dinner food = expensive and very OK.   Lunch is good...I like the view the best -- being on the water.  Nightime bar outside is awesome.
We had no expectations and were pleasantly surprised. Nice waterfront view, live music, cool tiki bar and the restaurant food and service AMAZING!  And, it's only minutes from home. Great date night with the hubby.
Good food and drinks. View is great. A little pricey but there isn't much else in area. Usually really good service at tables or bar. There can be a wait most night's now.
Good food, really bad service. This place is packed, likely due to the small number of restaurants in Apollo Beach. Dress is casual, but the prices are more reflective of a formal restaurant. There seems to be a distinct difference between front-of-house management and back-of-house management. FOH staff is completely out of place at a restaurant with the price points on the menu. I ordered a sweet tea, and the server said "ok, but it's not as a good as McDonald's". Seriously?  Hosting staff seems bothered simply by your presence in front of their stand. Bus boys are mostly rebellious high schoolers who don't yet appreciate the aspects of fine dining. The kitchen, however, is efficient and cranks out delicious dishes. The cuisine is worth a visit if you can deal with the fast good-grade wait staff. Good variety on the menu, but not so much choice that you spend half of your meal trying to figure out what to have. Atmospherics are very nice. Good decor and several venues to dine in on the property.
BAR REVIEW ONLY-Didn't eat inside restaurant. For laid back local fare, by boat, don't miss Circles. It's almost like Cheers for boat owners. Ate waterfront after coming by boat, and the service and food were super. They had the best peel and eat shrimp I've ever had and that's taking in 41 years of shrimp. Don't miss out on this jewel if you're looking for where the locals go!
I came to Circles with my family who lives here in Apollo Beach. The restaurant selection around here is not that great and I wanted some good seafood so this is definitely the place to go! The fried calamari was so fresh and the grouper bites were delicious. I'm a salmon lover so I had the honey mustard salmon which was delicious. The salmon was a nice thin cut piece but nice and flakey and seasoned perfectly. It came with an avocado crab salad and it was very fresh tasting and a nice combo with the avocado and crab. Our server, Robert, was very attentive and friendly. He was on top of everything and seemed to know just what we needed before we even asked. I will definitely be back!
I really like the food here, especially since I like spicy, but I just can't get past the bad service.   Last night we had a 7:00 reservation and showed up early for drinks at the tiki bar.   They gave us a buzzer so we would know when our table was ready.   At 7:15 we walked to the hostess stand to find out why there was a delay, as it didn't seem very busy, only to hear them seating someone who had a 7:30 reservation.    Really annoying. Then, as typically happens here, they seat you and you sit for 15 minutes before a waiter comes with water and asking for a drink order.  It then takes another 10-15 minutes for drinks to come.   Come on, this is a restaurant and what they do for a living.   It should never take this long. Food always comes out timely and is always hot and tasty.  The Cajun chicken tortellini is really good if you like spicy.   Their lobster bisque is also awesome. I just so wish they could get their act together with service, as this night was no different than other times we have been here.   It's definitely making us reconsider going here as service is part of the experience of eating out.
Visiting the Ruskin area and found this restaurant on Yelp! I went late on a Friday night with my family and because we didn't have a reservation we took a seat in the bar area which was fine for us. I shared grouper bites and crab cake appetizers with my boyfriend. Both were delicious. The only thing was the grouper bites were dangerously hot and crab cake was basically warm. Besides that we had a great experience and the bartender makes an excellent lemon drop martini :)
Circles is a primarily seafood waterfront/dock dining establishment with a tiki bar, outdoor live entertainment outdoor waterfront dining and indoor dining. They have very fresh, well prepared seafood dishes. The fried shrimp are incredible.  Colossal sized perfected battered and fried. The scallops dinner is prepared with a lemon pepper seasoning on a bed of rice. Really good!  Steaks are ehhhh definitely not their specialty. The appetizers are great mussels, buffalo shrimp, soups, etc all great options.
The inspection from Dept of Health pretty much sums up why I'd never eat there again if you paid me. And cockroach on my friends food last time. That pretty much sums it up.
Had the Blackened Cajun Chicken breast w/ rice pilaf, and grilled zucchini. The chicken was seasoned great. It was nice and moist, tons of flavor. The presentation was nice as well. I would definately come back again.
So I'm not gonna lie - I am a Tampa girl.  When I heard that we were having a work dinner at a restaurant in Apollo Beach, I did not have high hopes.  Well, Circles certainly proved me wrong! The atmosphere here is GORGEOUS.  We took over the outside patio and had a great view of the sunset on the water.  They brought out some spinach dip, calamari, and fish nuggets and we enjoyed them all!  They have a good wine and beer selection and also some specialty cocktails. We were given a limited menu due to it being a work function.  I went with a shrimp pasta with a Mediterranean feel to it.  It was sinful - so rich and delicious!  Others at my table raved about the steak and the chicken parmesean. I don't know if Circles has live music, but there is a great stage right on the water and I would enjoy to come back and check out some bands while taking in the beautiful atmosphere.  Nice job, circles!
We had a lovely time sitting outside .it was a cool day but they have outdoor heaters so we were nice and comfy. The grouper sandwich and the old yeller were great and the chocolate decadence desert was wonderful . Our waiter Larry as very attentive and informative. Would certainly recommend this spot.
4.5 stars if i could give halfs. A great location on the water overlooking a marina and boats.  You can eat inside or out. (Dogs allowed outside.) Delicious seafood of all kinds.  I enjoy the grouper bites - a tasty and mild fish.  Pair it with a small greek salad and you have a heathy tasty meal. All meals come with fresh bread and butter - always a great intro to the meal. Appetizers are also good.
This was our first time here after living near the area for years.  We sat outside by the Tiki Bar on a Sunday afternoon.  The food was just okay.  We ordered the grouper bites and mussels as an appetizer.  My husband who is in the seafood business swears that the "grouper" bites were not actually grouper.  They were still tasty.  The mussels were good with the bread that they served.  My friend & I both ordered a cup of the lobster bisque soup and shared the crab cakes.  The lobster bisque soup was not good at all!!! The crab cakes were pretty decent.  My husband ordered the fried shrimp platter.  While the shrimp were a good size and tasted good, the shrimp are imported from outside the U.S.A.  I'm sorry, that's understandable if you are in the middle of the country without direct access to the water but we are literally sitting right by the water!!  On top of this the service was not great!  Our waiter was friendly and was really trying, but it was obvious that they were very short staffed!!!  Our beers would sit empty and we would have to flag the waiter down every time for a new beverage.  If we come back it will only be because it's the closest place to us where we can sit by the water! One more thing: we ordered 3 different items off the menu (chicken wings, peel & eat shrimp, calamari) that they did not have because they were having a wedding at the restaurant that evening.  Really??
Went here for a work event. The location was perfect. We were able to all sit outside facing the water which was lovely. There was a limited menu and I don't eat seafood so I had the Italian chicken. It was really good - huge portion (2 chicken breasts) and came over rice with a perfectly creamy sauce. I'd order it again. Our party was huge so food was a bit slow to come out - to be expected. While we waited, drinks were refilled super fast.
Nutshell review:  Great food and horrible service. Went here on a Saturday night with a group of 4 people.  We had reservations.  Enjoyed a beer at the bar before we sat down.  The hostess had us stand there for 5 minutes before seating us.  No joke:  We sat there for 20 minutes (we timed it) until a waiter came by to take our drink order.   We did not get our appetizers till about 30 minutes after we sat down. I am sorry, but when you are really hungry and have to wait that long, its frustrating. The actual food, though, was really good.  Definitely try the crab spinach artichoke dip!  YUM  Nut crusted grouper bites were also really good. I ended up ordering just a soup and salad since at that point, it was 9 PM.  But everyone enjoyed their meal. Perhaps they were just really busy that night but regardless, I am not running to go back there (even for that amazing dip!)
Great restaurant you won't know about if driving by. We go by boat and there is excellent water access. The restaurant possesses great water views and indoor or outdoor seating. Outdoor seats go fast but are worth waiting for if you have time. Service and food is fresh and very appealing in presentation. Highly recommend for lunch. Haven't been to dinner yet but will soon. Go try it you won't be disappointed unless you like just plain average food.
The food is great, as is the view, and Circles had always been a favorite. But the last few visits. Service has been absolutely horrible. I understand they're busy but it needs to be staffed accordingly. When I'm waiting 40 + minutes before they've even taken my drink order, it's an issue. What I thought was a one time "oops" was repeated the next day as we waited almost an hour for drinks at lunch and the waitress returned much later after taking orders to make sure she had the order correct (she hadn't placed with kitchen) and at that point we were already there over an hour. And still the order came out wrong. It's a shame. Food really is good and view is great!
This is where all the hoity toity locals go to feel fancy. It's located on the water so the views are nice. When the weather is pleasant, sit outside if you can. The food is above average with fine dining fare like grouper topped with Thai chili beurre blanc.
Used to be 5 star...but the new manager lacks local customer svc skills. My guess is the margin will go up initially but ROIC will drop due to loss of consistant locals supporting the place in the off season. Food is great...but manager would measure shots of beer if he could. Love the owner Don...The manager should go back to old school.
My hubbie and I go here quite often. The restaurant options where we live in Apollo Beach are limited, but even if they were abundant, we'd still be Circes regulars. Parking: Plenty of parking...always. Environment: Relaxed island feel w/ indoor/outdoor seating. Did I mention it's on the water where you can walk the boat docks while you're waiting on your table? So breathtaking! Staff: We've had waiters we love and some we didn't. For the most part, they're good. Food: The food is always consistently delicious. I've tried many different menu items and they've always been fresh and great. The Circles signature salad w/ shrimp or chick is my fave, w/ the blackened Grouper being a close 2nd. Drinks: If you're just going for drinks, their tiki bar is a fun place to chat w/ locals.
I've been to this restaurant a few times and have enjoyed each 'way' I've gotten there! By boat and by car ;) Food: The food options are great. I was able to order a big salad, that had chicken and shrimp on it (Circles Salad) and it was around $14 but large in size. My husband ordered the lemon pepper scallops which were super delicious! Our friends and us shared the spinach dip, that came with yummy tortilla chips too Drinks: There is a cocktail and wine selection as well as some beers. Not a huge list of craft beers, which I prefer, but they did show to have an event where they were having a beer tasting coming up so not sure if they'll add to their list? Service: our server was friendly. He even took our photo and tried to make the lighting work. He was soft-spoken, so not overly personable and our friends told us that they've not always gotten the best service at Circles in comparison with the restaurant itself. Atmosphere: This place is right on the water in Apollo Beach, so when you can eat dinner and see the sunset, there's nothing better than that! You can also sit out back at the tiki bar and enjoy drinks and fresh air. Overall: We'd definitely come back here - it's a hidden gem of a restaurant!
OMG! One of the best dinners by far in 26 years in Tampa Bay! Service couldn't have been better and food was exquisite!
This is my second time at this place, and it might very well become a required stop each time I travel int he Tampa area!  Food is delicious, service great, and if the weather is noce (as in not too hot and humid...  It is Florida after all), I'd recommend eating on teh patio outside!  Best view ever! Makes for a very relaxing and positive eating experience!
Sat at the bar outside. Docked the boat out back. Food, service, and the view were all top notch. Came as a 6 top during happy hour. Everything was great, especially the mussels, spinach crab dip, and the grouper sandwich. Can't wait to come back!
Good but a little over priced for the quality.  Last time the service was very poor and the manager was rude so I feel a 3 is about fair.
Nice staff...great atmosphere on the water... food was good, bit pricey but descent...
Food is excellent. Been here with my parents and now am here with my boss and his wife. Menu is extensive and well thought out. Food is hot and full of flavor!
What a serious shame how this once great restaurant has gone downhill.   We have been long time customers, who used to enjoy a great lunch or dinner with fabulous views, great food and outstanding service. Our previous three and LAST visits have been anything but, with the exception of the pretty views, and courteous professional host staff. The service has been slow, seemingly annoyed at all times and un-efficient. Our food has been cold and lacked the quality of past years. Such a huge disappointment. We will not return. Sadly, Unless you have time for a two and a half, hour lunch, with empty drink glasses throughout, horrible service and cold stale food, I would not patron Circles Bar and Grill. Get it together owners, managers and staff, because. I know there are many more former customers who feel this way and we will not be the last unless things change.
This place is an absolute hidden gem. So nice to sit outside and watch the boats heading in and out while enjoying the fresh air and a spectacular menu that is second to none. It has something for everyone and something in every price range. It really is the best waterfront dining on the eastern side of Tampa Bay.
Location is great. Just about every table is outside or with a great waterfront window view. We arrived after dark and it was unseasonably cold so this didn't come into play for us but you might enjoy an evening out there. Service was on top of things and very pleasant though a little more knowledge of the wines would have been good. "I don't usually drink...X type of wine so I'd guess..Y" is not the answer most customers are looking for. (disclaimer - minor rant dead ahead...) When I was a server, I drank budweiser for cryin' out loud but at least had the foresight to realize when some couple comes in they don't want to hear about how I usually just bong any beverage over 4 oz that isn't juice. I appropriated someone else's opinion whose tastes I reasonably trusted. - mussels - These were good and heavy on the garlic, which I like Rest of the food was okay. We only did a range of apps but they were all average and rather uninspired. - nut crusted grouper - this was very good and portion size was big but it's pretty heavy. Split amongst a few people. - lobster bisque. Take campbells tomato soup. Give it less than a splash of sherry and throw in a few lobster pieces and you've got it. - caesar salad - My wife said the dressing tasted like "something that came out of a bottle, but not a very good bottle"... and she's not a food snob by any means. - oysters - I had their roasted ones which were similar to a rockefeller but w/ parm cheese and some slight variations. I love oysters in any shape or form so enjoyed it, but it was nothing to write home about. If you are in the area, I scoured Yelp and there are not many choices for a unique meal, even according to my folks who live in the area. This would be a great spot for you. This would also be excellent for drinks around sunset after work. However, I would not plan a significant drive to get here for a meal.
Generally, the old adage goes the customer is always right - I knew it, Alex knew it, but our waiter apparently didn't. He even took it a step further by incorrectly correcting me on my pronunciation of Meritage, Frenchifying it, "Meritazh" (rhymes with garage) he droned nasally. But we all know (Google it) it's Meh-rih-TIJ, rhymes with "heritage." This pronunciation gaffe left a bitter taste in my mouth much like the wine. Determined to put this wine bitterness aside and enjoy the surroundings and food, we started with Circles Crab and Spinach Dip filled with crabmeat, artichoke hearts, and spinach served with tortilla chips.  It was a good size serving; the two of us couldn't finish it, we made a slight dent, but nothing to call the insurance company about. Somewhat horrified to see my pet peeve side dish, rice pilaf, accompanying half of the seafood entree selections, I almost skipped the Tokyo Tuna for something served with a less offensive side to me. But in the spirit of I am (as the customer) always right, I ordered the Tokyo Tuna anyway but substituted the rice pilaf for asparagus. Score! Our "lovely" waiter, looked at me quizzically and questioned me when I ordered the ahi tuna seared rare however. Me: "I'll have the Tokyo Tuna seared rare." Waiter: "How would you like the tuna cooked?" Me:"Seared rare" Waiter: "Medium well or medium rare?" {insert quizzical look here} Me: {insert stern look here} "Leave it in the pan for 2 seconds and flip it over for 2 more seconds and put it on the plate." Waiter: "Got it" The Tokyo Tuna was delightful! Fresh, seared rare perfectly, drizzled with a wonderful sweet soy-wasabi sauce. It was a rather large portion but it was so delicious I stuffed myself like a fattened goose.  Alex ordered the Eggplant Parmesan which was incredibly huge and incredibly rich with very strong Italian flavors. Mostly full from the crab dip we ate a few bites and took the rest home. I wanted to try dessert but if I ate anymore they'd take me out back for slaughter and serve my liver on a bed of baby greens marketed as pâté de foie gras. I'm not much into maths, but logically the only way to arrive at my star rating is to play the numbers game. Like any good student, I'll show my work: 2 stars for decor/ambiance, 2.5 stars for the food, -1.5 stars service and then a little random rounding and locale normalization.
My mother recommended this restaurant.  She was once a gourmet cook, but hasn't been for many years.  I guess with the meager selections around here, this is the best you can do. The menu is a little too long for cooked to order food, so I wasn't surprised that most of it was decent, but not great, restaurant standard.  My husband started with crab cakes that were huge, but also rather bready.  Acceptable, but not great.  He had the special (seared scallops in an orange sauce over rice).  The scallops were perfectly cooked, but the large, unsegmented orange pieces made for some unattractive eating. I started with a mediocre bagged salad that sounded more interesting on the menu than what I was served on my plate.  For an entree I had the crab stuffed grouper.  It reminded me of some of the frozen entrees I have gotten from upscale gourmet food purveyors; not terrible, but not fresh either.  My lemon sauce was much better than my husband's orange sauce.  We would have split a piece of Key Lime Pie, but the last piece was gobbled up by a neighboring table. I have to note the EXCELLENT service we got.  Plates came quickly and were whisked away the moment we were done (and not a moment too soon!)  My husband's ice tea was refilled about a dozen times and the check came quickly.  I wish the food had matched this exemplary level of service.
The outdoor dining was superb. From the sunset over the marina and the live outdoor music to the adjacent bar area and the friendly servers the entire experience was fantastic. Highly recommend the grouper and bayou tuna. Absolutely delicious.
Our waiter Will was wonderful. We sat outside and had cocktails and dinner with a jimmy buffet wannabe band singing. What's not to love. Except for the eggplant parm dinner with its watery tomato sauce, the seafood dishes were very good. The honey dijion salmon was tender and moist. The crab stuffed grouper was tender and the grouper princess very tasty. It's a fun place to visit with a relaxed atmosphere. GO enjoy!
Update:  I posted earlier that their seafood is very good and that their mussels are out of this world the best I ever had.  Well, try the steak pasta, flat out delicious.  Oh, and the bald manager has calmed down now....  :) Kim
Stopped here on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch.   Pleasantly surprised!   It's located in a marina and is deceiving from the outside.  They offer several different areas for dining...an inside bar area with high-top tables, a somewhat upscale inside dining area, an outdoor covered patio area, or an outdoor bar area.   It was hot outside so we decided to sit at the inside bar area.   From our table, we could look outside and had a nice waterview...docks and boats...etc      Noticed that they have an outdoor stage area.  We wonder if they have some live bands during the evenings or weekends.   I ordered the signature salad with grilled chicken and my boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger.   The food was average-good and the service was good.      It has a nice atmosphere being located directly on the water. Would recommend if you are in the Apollo Beach area.
Went here recently for lunch.  The lobster bisque was horrible, tasted like canned tomato soup with some type of gross mushy seafood in it, pretty sure it was not lobster.   Meals took forever to arrive and were just ok, nothing great but not horrible either.  Server was very nice just very overwhelmed and slow.   The bread they served with the lobster bisque was great!  Oh and we say 3 different types of bugs while we were here and we were seated inside.   Wouldn't recommend, won't be returning.
I went here based on yelp recommendations after visiting the TECO Manatee Viewing. It was nice on the water and in a pretty much residential area. The view was very pretty. The food was okay. I ordered french onion soup, others ordered salads and breaded chicken tenderloins. It was alright. I think I loved it more specifically for the view. The service was pretty slow and it was lunch time during the week. I may go back after I bring more guests to the manatee viewing which was a nice and nature like/inexpensive thing to do.
Beautiful waterfront dining, TV's in bar, great service. My 8 y.o. says best grilled cheese ever! We found this place via Yelp while in Apollo Beach to check out the new skate park. Multiple good reviews, waterfront, close by where we were...check! The building is a little nondescript, but look for the 1212 above the door. The service was great in the bar area where we sat. Very nice and attentive waitress. One of my sons got the grilled chicken sandwich, my husband got the Ahi tuna sandwich, my other son got the grilled cheese from the kids menu. The chicken sandwich was good, according to my son, but the Ahi tuna got more accolades. My husband said that it was a huge piece of fish and cooked perfectly. My eight year old's opinion on the grilled cheese is above. (see pictures of all of our food) I got the ham and cheese quiche. It comes with a Mesclun salad, but the waitress said I could sub any salad as the side, so I changed it to a Greek salad. The Greek salad was just okay...a little over dressed. But the quiche was truly delicious. We had a very nice lunch and would definitely recommend Circles. Once again, Yelp to the rescue!
I just can't find the words, it's kewl. Have at it. Oh wait, some words came to mind... Marina, water views. Big with different dining areas 50/50 indoor/outdoor. Good size menu with familiar fare and average crafted cocktails. Company trumps digs.
Food is great and the building itself is lovely right on the water perfect for sunset-viewing. There is not an abundance of nice seafood restaurants in the SouthShore area so this place is always packed. We've been here a few times now, twice for dinner and once for lunch. Food is great, though portions are gigantic so be warned! Stars have been knocked off for hit or miss service. It truly depends on who is working and who is assigned to you. Last night we had reservations on the early side and were seated by a hostess in the back corner only to be forgotten. 10-15 min later after sitting down without any water or acknowledgement I had to flag down another server who was very apologetic and got our  assigned server who was not very apologetic or gracious about our wait. It seems to me there was very poor communication between the hostess and server and the server we were assigned to seemed to be on the inexperienced side. This unfortunately led to a not very pleasant dining experience...
I went here while visiting family in Tampa. We were on our way to the Mira Bay complex down the road so we stopped here for lunch. It was nice that the weather was good enough to sit outside (esp in mid November). They had overhead patio heaters that helped out so it was very comfortable. The outside patio was pretty nice- it looked out onto a bit of water. The waiter was great, he was nice and attentive. We got a mix of food... my dad had the seared tuna app, my aunt had the signature salad, and I got a shrimp and chicken stirfry. The salad looked good- It was huge but the chicken looks good. The tuna was really good. It was really real and a good peice of fish. The stirfry was good. the shrimp and chicken were cooked perfectly. The  stirfry came on a bed of fettucini. I think the dish was good but it would have been a lot better had it been rice. Overall, I would go back next time I am in the area.
This review is for the lunch. After having a difficult time finding good lunch in the Brandon, Sun City areas we yelp'd Circles are were really happy with our selection. There were a decent variety of menu items to choose from.  We started with the Mussels which were presented in an extremely tasty sauce.  We had to get extra bread to soak the sauce up after the mussels were long gone. Being lunch we had sandwiches, which were above average, nothing to call mom about, but good solid non-chain style sammy's. We topped er off with the home made Key Lime Pie, which was a solid 8 on a 10 scale. This place teters on the 3.5  scale based on the one visit, but the marina view and outdoor seating bumps it to 4 for this land locked Denverite....would like to come back for cocktail hour with all the boaters.
Bad experience! We were seated at 2:40 today, ordered our food, and then waited at least an hour before we got our food. I had to go to the hostess and ask about our order. She brought a manager to talk to us. They sent the waitress over.  She did not explain the delay. I told them that other customers arrived and left while we waited. LB was a terrible server. Then when we got the bill she placed a dinner price on my meal instead of the lunch price. Food was good but no adjustment on our bill for the extremely delayed meal. View excellent. It was not busy.
Coming back from fishing, stopped here because of the yelp reviews. The food was good and the staff was very attentive.
This is a great hidden gem... My girlfriend and I came upon this place thanks to GPS. We had the beacon cheeseburger... MAN that was a burger! I had mine with the additional onions and mushrooms... it was done to perfections!  This meal filled both of us and neither of us could finish the chips that came with the meal The drinks just kept coming, hot tea and some concoction of tea/lemonaid... our bill in the end was $28 minus tip... Plenty of parking.  Great staff.  Great views as well... I will say it is a bit pricey but worth it. But also this place has some nice yatchs in it's backyard... so price reflects the neighborhood!
Great food, service, and atmosphere!  Circles is a great choice for a range of occasions from lunch, dinner, drinks, and special occasions/events.  Reservations highly recommended.  Excellent Lobster bisque has a bit of a kick.  The Mediterranean Shrimp and Chicken Parmesan are wonderful.  In all a top-notch dining experience you won't regret!
Fine luxury dining inside and casual tiki outdoor dining.
This is my favorite restaurant! Waterfront, nautical decor is perfect for date night! You can sit at the tiki bar, patio, bar or inside. The servers are very knowledgable and the service is top grade. The food is a bit pricey though. My husband loves the lobster bisque (I don't like seafood) and the grouper. I'm a fan of the chicken Cesar salad and chocolate decadence cake. I definitely recommend it. There is something for anyone.
I was able to make reservations from yelp which was awesome. Imagine my surprise when we arrived and were immediately taken to our table. The restaurant is beautiful. Loved the patio area with a band however it was more of an older crowd. I only saw baby boomers out dancing so I couldn't see this being a place I would bring my girlfriends. It took a little over 40 minutes for our food to arrive which was irritating but oh was it worth the wait. My hubby had steak and potatoes (that's how he rolls) I saw a review about the grouper sandwich so that's what I tried. My fish was very tasty. It was crispy, flavorful and very fresh. I loved the tartar sauce that accompanied it. My hubby ordered his steak medium well and it came out well. He didn't complain because he said it was still juicy and tender. Our hats off to the chef because a juicy well done steak is no easy task. The only other negative is my husband had a rotten potatoe. I'm a firm believer of leaving something off the plate if it isn't aesthetically pleasing. *see photo* All and all I enjoyed it, and I can see myself returning.
Enjoyed their calamari...nice portion and only the rings (not the squid's legs). I also enjoyed their their "make my mouth water" fudge brownie (that's not the real name, it's the name I gave it). The wait staff to date has been great - personable, attentive, and with the appearance of 'happy' to be there. I enjoy sitting outside overlooking the water and admiring some of the boats.
Great ambiance. Bread is amazing. Colossal shrimp grilled and stuffed grouper exceptional.   Jeane
Great meal and great service. Had the crab stuffed grouper for dinner. Would difinitely recommend.
We had dinner at Circles and it was a really nice restaurant.  Service was good and the view of the waterfront was cool too.  I ordered the crab-stuffed grouper and my wife had a vegetarian pasta.  We both enjoyed our meals.  I was stuffed and could not finish my meal.  The portions are very good.  If you are ever in the area, this is a great place to check out.
We found Circles after spending the morning at the Manatee viewing area at the power plant.  We ordered the grouper sandwich on rye and fries.  The serving of fish was huge.  The breading was thin and the flavor was scrumptious.   It was some of the best fish I've had anywhere.  I would go back tomorrow if it were closer.  Price was $10.50.
Not bad at all 4 out of 5 on the Cap'n Hook scale....wonderful decor, perfect view, great service and the food just needs to be experienced. The shrimp were fresh and cook to perfection as for size #10's very nice with lots of flavor, the nut crusted grouper was wonderful full of flavor and the texture of the crust was just right not overly crunchy or nutty to distract from the fish.  The salad well it was a salad, the winner of the evening was the oysters on the half shell,roasted in shell with spinach and mushrooms a delectable briney bite that has to be tasted to be believed.
Decent food at a fair price.  Nice atmosphere and if you choose to eat outside near the water, you won't be dissatisfied.
Delish! We always come here while visiting family. Beautiful view, sit outside. The food is so good - few favs are the nut grouper and their ahi dinner portion. They have some great apps too, love the mussels!
Excellent atmosphere... Food was flavorful... Grouper bites were the bomb... I had to eat my prime rib sandwich open faced because of a late breakfast... The horseradish sauce along with the prime rib, melted cheese, sautéed onions & mushrooms could not have been better... We loved the view from the patio...
Yes, I loved it. we ate at the little bar closer to the water.  It is very casual and a nice place.  The waitress was very attentive and friendly.  She was happy! We shared a sandwich and did not have to ask for an extra plate.  Know that sounds like I should not mention it, but many places make you ask and cannot figure out when you share you might actually like one!   I had the lobster bisque soup and really liked it.  My husband had the clam and corn chowder.  His was a bit more creamy than he wanted, but I tasted it and thought it was great.  I love that they have Stella on tap too! Overall, a great time and hope to return on our next trip to Florida.
Driving down Highway 41 just around sunset, my boss and I were thrilled to see our surroundings change from ramshackle tree nurseries to spanking-new suburbia. (And God only knows relief is usually my last reaction to suburbia!) As we drove west, headed toward the water and the briny ocean breeze, we finally found why we'd strayed so far from I-75... Circles Bar & Grill, a high-end marina restaurant bustling with seafaring locals. My reason for wanting to try Circles was simple: I absolutely refuse to go to Applebee's or any "restaurant" called Beef O'Brady's. And it would seem that the southern outlying areas of Tampa have little else to offer. Circles it was. Well, I'm pretty sure I've never been so pleasantly surprised. Elated, actually. The food was nothing short of phenomenal. Well, maybe not Chicago-five-star phenomenal, but definitely backwater south Florida bayou phenomenal. I had a Mediterranean shrimp linguini with mushrooms, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and fresh spinach. For the first time I can remember at a restaurant, I actually had to sift through all the vegetables and seafood for the pasta. Didn't have to salt it -- which is MAJOR MAJOR for me -- and left feeling satisfied but not overstuffed. And, our host and server -- Marissa and Ashley -- were talkative, sweet and responsive. Marissa and I bonded over our inability to give people correct directions, and Ashley and I talked about the pros and cons of drinking water with a straw. I love a staff with some quirks! The restaurant's interior was a strange mix of neon-lit dive bar and upscale nautical dining room. We sat on the patio, which overlooked the marina and another small bar, which happened to be populated by a man with the most obnoxious laugh ever. Charming, really. All in all, I doubt I'd ever make Circles a destination restaurant, but faced again with such dire straits, I wouldn't reconsider my dinner choice for a second.
My Grouper Bites were super yummy...an appetizer that was literally a meal but my rice pilaf could have used some help....my pina colada was in a beer glass...a bit bummed about this.:-( but still delish ! Wonderful atmosphere !
Lived in Apollo Beach for 3 years and all i ever heard was how amazing this place is... Not so much. Atmosphere, drinks , and appetizers are the only thing worth it. It is right on the water and a couple of out door bars. We had the Sesame chicken and grouper bites, both were pretty good. I got the Cajun chicken tortellini, it was drowned in a creamy sauce that was not very spicy and disappointing. To top the night off the mosquitos and horse flies mistaken my legs for a buffet.
Circles has been a favorite spot in Apollo Beach since a friend introduced it to me a few years ago. The atmosphere inside is perfect for a romantic dinner and the prices are reasonable for the quality. My tendencies lean toward seafood and Circles does not disappoint. The lobster bisque and Maryland crab cakes are excellent. The crab cakes have a decent amount of back fin meat with just the right amount of seasoning. The wine selection will please most palates. There is outdoor dining that overlooks the water and is nice for having a drink or enjoying the atmosphere if you don't mind the occasional smoker. There are also nights with live bands if you feel like dancing. There is plenty of room for large groups, especially outdoors.
I have been going to Circles for about 4 years and have been very impressed with the food and service . Even the prices measure up to the quality and taste of the entrees. I love that I can pull up on my boat to the Tiki bar in casual attire, entertain guest in a formal setting or just shlep over with the kids on bicycles. However, This Sunday evening, I visited the restaurant and sat inside with out of town family members and after ordering drinks I was overcome with a strong cigarette smell. I called for the gentleman smoking, who ignored me, untill his guests motioned to him that I was calling for him. I made a simple motion with two fingers to my lips and he responded loudly that he could do whatever he wanted because it was his restaurant! And,... continued smoking, by the door! Well, being embarassed and disrespected, we immidiately got up and left. (paid my bill and tipped the waitress who was clearly embarassed as well.) Then,... to make matters worst, My daughter and her husband showed up a few minutes later and he asked her if she had any issues with smokers?!!!! Clearly adding insult to injury. I expected a casual "Ooops!" or a shrug and a smile. Instead I was humiliated and treated like my buisiness was not wanted. I WILL NEVER VISIT CIRCLES AS LONG AS IT IS UNDER THE OWNERSHIP OF SUCH A DISRESPECTFULL EXCUSE FOR A MAN!
Good steak, great seafood, great atmosphere, fabulous view. The service is friendly and prompt. The reggae band entertainment was a wonderful plus. The tiki bar is away from the outdoor seating so it didn't bother you at all. Best restaurant in area.
The food is amazing here, cute outside dining right by the water.. The wait staff was right on it too, great experience overall! My family was very happy with all our meals.. Highly recommend!
We like this place generally we order seafood and we enjoy the atmosphere it is sometimes hard to get good tableservice they do seem very busy.  Even with reservations you tend to wait a lot longer than expected but worth the wait.   Great service and food!
Great place. Friendly server that was patient with us taking a while to order. Food was filling and reasonably priced. For a large menu I wish there was mire selection, but happy to eat there again if I came back to the area.
my friends & i stumbled upon this place after a beach day and were very pleased with our late lunch here. i had the fried grouper sandwich, which was extremely tasty and came with pasta salad, which i love as an option instead of fries. all of the other girls were happy with their meals too (shrimp parmesan, one of the salads, the "old yeller" - an ahi tuna sandwich). we ate outside which had a beautiful water view. the only small "hmm" moments were when we noticed that everyone around us had bread...but we didn't. we asked our server about it and she said "oh, it's restaurant policy that we can't bring bread unless you ask". huh?! weirdest policy ever or she was making it up. of course, by the time we got the bread, our meals had come out. but again, i'd definitely return if i was in the area - the food was really good and the restaurant offers a nice environment to relax and enjoy your meal.
Great view - food was pricey, but portions are generous. Great wine. I had spicey steak which was cooked to perfection and my husband had grouper - he loved it! Would go back , waitstaff very friendly!
Not as good as the good reviews, and not as bad as the bad. Lovely restaurant and friendly, attentive staff. Pricey. Things were pretty good but not great.
I had chicken marsala for lunch and it was delicious!!
Good ambiance by the water. Grouper was moist and tasty. Eggplant parm was fresh. Brownie sundae was really good!
Not too impressed.  Went once in the past 4 months.  Don't know if I will be back.  Service was extremely slow, food was ok for the price I expected more.
This place has seen better days. We made reservations and arrived on time. We were promptly seated inside near a window. The window didn't look like it had been cleaned in a week or more. The walls in our area were splattered with food and lots or black marred spots, paint missing in some places. The waiter did not greet us right away and rushed us for our drink order then immediately took our dinner order.No seafood entree's under $20. No water was offered. One of us had the lobster bisque. It was more like spicy tomato soup. The main course was served hot and was good but doesn't make up for the appearance of the dining area. We will not be returning.
Great place to sit and enjoy the water, service has been always good, we sit in the area by the bar.  We usually get appetizers so I cannot comment on the whole menu, but the grouper is great. If you are in the area and looking for a place to have a relaxing meal, Circles is a great option.
Went there with wife and 2 other couples. Called at 5:30 on a saturday and scored a 8:00 reservation sitting outside. (have never sat inside- too gorgeous outside.) Goose martini had too much vermouth- shoulda ordered extra dry. Apps (crab cakes, nut crusted grouper and calamari) came out quickly. Liked the cakes and grouper, calamari was average. Dinner also came out quickly and was very good- lemon pepper scallops with rice and broccoli. Scallops cooked perfectly.  Tried the wife's lobster bisque- below average. Don't order the bisque.  Everyone seemed fairly pleased with entrees. Can be a little pricey, but it's worth it for atmosphere. Definately worth the 25 min drive from Brandon.
Amazing! This place is so delicious. The location is so beautiful. It's family owned and a really wonderful place to spend an evening. I highly recommend Circle's. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
We had the beef soup, crab cakes, grouper fried and blackened, and a Maui Maui special. All were beautifully plated and delicious. We came on the recommendation of a friend who loved the crab cakes. Ours were loaded with crab. It was pricey but good!
Good food.. Good service.. Every time!  We enjoy the outdoor seating and live music. Very relaxing atmosphere.
Circles is our go-to place when we have visitors.  Their food is consistently good.  I live in Apollo Beach, so there aren't very many choices.  I love coming here after a day of boating.  I always get their grouper.  Both the nut crusted and the hot and spicy grouper are excellent.  My only complaint is that service is unpredictable.  I've had great waiters and I've had some that have been not-so-good.
My husband and I had lunch there today and we enjoy it.  Food was good, service was great, and the restaurant was clean.  We will go back again.
Beautiful setting for outside dining. The grouper dishes are all great, as it the ahi tuna dishes. Other family members have had some of the pasta dishes - all were good with no complaints. Service overall is pretty good, but that depends n the server you get. We usually eat outside, it's amazing that there are NO bugs! They told us it was because of the little bags of water with a penny in it - it seems to be working!!
