Boulevard Mall is a bit busier than Eastern Hills Mall, but spacious enough I never felt crowded. The food court has greater variety, and there's more popular stores but fewer novelties like the cute little toy store at Eastern Hills. Both are nice malls so I'd pick based on what stores I wanted to visit. There is really cool play area my four year old sons enjoyed even though they were starting to outgrow the one at the mall we frequented when we lived in Boise. That gives this mall an edge over Eastern Hills for those of us with small children. The carousel was cute but seemed overpriced at $2 a ride.
This a nice cute little mall located in the Amherst area. I went to it while visit Buffalo and was not disappointed. It has quite a good selection of stores and if you don't want to drive to Walden Galleria this is the spot. It has lot of shops like Macys, Victoria's Secret, Hollister, Spencer's, Hot Topic, American Eagle and for food they bug restaurant like TGI Friday's and Bonefish Grill and have a food court with merry go round. The shops are well stocked up and its not that busy. There is plenty of parking.
Man, I remember when the Boulevard Mall was the place to be. Granted that was when I was in high school but still... This "mall" has really gone downhill. I moved away from Buffalo for a little over a year. When I came back and went to the Boulevard Mall, it seemed like a different place. I would say a lot of the stores that were here 3-4 years ago have moved out. TGI Friday's and Bonefish Grill have been here for the long haul but the third major restaurant location doesn't stay occupied for long. First Johnny Rocket's and then Honey's BBQ, gone. The food court still supplies ample samples if you need a quick hold-me-over!   If you need to pick up something quick, then this might be a good mall for you. If you're trying to spend the day shopping, definitely go to the Galleria.
Nice shopping area with Good stores. The food court is pretty small with limited options. My favourites are american eagle, macys, yankee candle, sears, jc penny, aerie, charlotte russe, the hair salon by t mobile (buying hair products, never actually got my hair done) h&m(i don't normally shop here but i got a nice parka. They also have a wide selection of clothing, beauty, lingerie and accessories) parking isnt as bad as the outlet store on niagara falls blvd.
Stop by this mall in the Thursday afternoon, no customers at all. Many shops are closed for business. Its so different now compared to my last visit which was 3 years ago. More improvements definitely needed.
OK, so years ago when there was a Jenns here I spent more time in the mall.  Or actually in Jenns.  But recently I have found myself there a few times, and you know what, its picked up again.  I do think there was a long slump, but they seem to be coming out of it. They have 3.5 department stores - Sears, JC Penney, Macys, Macys Men (this is the .5). So you have three different style and "feel" options on that front.   They have an "As seen on TV" store here - I love looking through this place.  Then there is a place called "Smoke 51", which I think is a vaporless/electronic smoke place?  I have not been inside that one, so am not sure, but do think its interesting a place like this even exists.   There are a bunch of sporting good places, always nice for the enthusiast. Then of course a bunch of restaurants, one being the TGI Fridays people seem to love, based on other yelp reviews.  And Yogen Fruz, need I say more?  There's also a Bonefish Grill, Chili's and coffee shops.  So all the bases covered there. Across the street is a Wegmans, you would need to move the car to visit this, but always nice to have a Wegmans around.  And Scotch and Sirloin Steakhouse also just around the corner. Parking here is plentiful and easy, which I always love.  I'm not a big Galleria visitor either, but at least you can park here without issue.   For those that have not been here in years, come by, take a look around, you may be surprised.
Great neighborhood mall. I prefer this place to the Galleria, which  has gotten too big. It has all our favorite stores and a couple nice restaurants. Plenty of parking.
I like this mall because it is never crowded.  It has a great layout- open enough for many people to comfortably walk through but there is no wasted space.  There is a good variety of stores- clothes, shoes, electronics, knick-knacks, seasonal items, cards, sports, etc. so walking down the halls is always interesting.       My favorite part is the kid zone in the food court.  Not only is there a full-sized carousel (you must buy tokens to ride), but there is a free walled-in space for children to play.  It is sponsored by Northtown Autos so there are big plastic cars to climb into and a bridge to slide down, etc.  It provides a much-needed break for kids (and parents) who just need to wind down from shopping.       The only problems we've encountered at the mall is that the toy machines do not work.  The claw machine ate our money and customer service claimed that they are not responsible for giving us a refund- we'd have to call the number on the machine and work it out with them.  Major inconvenience.  Why couldn't they just give us our .50 and hash it out with the toy company themselves?  That would have been good customer service.  Also, the small rides towards the middle of the mall are always out of order when we go.  Not like spending .50-1.00 for a 10 second ride is worth it anyway, but to have them not even be an option kind of sucks.       Other than mechanical difficulties, the mall itself is a great suburban mall with tons of variety for a few hours of shopping.  I enjoy it, my kids enjoy it, and I'll be returning soon.
NO REVIEWS!? Golly! Ok.... This mall has a great selection of everything you could possibly want. It's the closest to buffalo, yet it's not the most crowded. I love it there. AMERICAN EAGLE is the best!
The mall is................ok...................... no complaints it has adequite stores just nothing special. I enjoy the bonefish grill in here and sears but that is about it. I have nothing bad to say about this mall its just a mall. Has stores, some are lame but I am a guy I dont like malls in the first place. I will definately go back as I dont like the consistant crowds in the galleria.
This mall is okay, nothing special. The only thing this mall has that the Galleria doesn't is parking and a Yogen Fruz.
The Blvd Mall is a Mall everyone should visit! No it is not the Galleria, but you get lost there. With the Blvd there is a special appeal for all, and it is accessable to everything, 15 minutes to Buffalo, 15 minutes to Niagara Falls. It is close to every township as they are in the middle. And you do not get lost in the crowd there!!!!
