I don't even drink beer and I like this place. So, that's sayin' something. First off, I love that this place is outside. Those crisp fall evenings I'm hopin' for are gonna be a blast here. Now, let's talk about their cider selection for all you cider-heads like myself. They have ACE cider- which is amazing. You have to try it. They have a lot of cider options, which is nice and refreshing for a place in soho. Sorry, but I'm not on the REDS train. Now, they also have live music a lot too, which just adds to the whole hipstery-cider-beer drinkin' vibe. Now, if I could just find some nice men in plaid with beards to show up there for eye candy....dare to dream. But in all seriousness, this place is rockin' for soho.
It's a World of Beer, so there is definitely a wide variety of choices of beer here. This location is VERY small with most of its seating outside. Parking is also VERY minimal here so be mindful of that. The service I have received when I have been here has been...meh. I am not too impressed. This bar is also located in the heart of SoHo so you know what that means...SoHo douchebaggery is abound.
Honestly it doesn't really matter what I have to say for this place, they don't seem to care. The service is horrible and the selection is the worst compared to other WOB's I've visited. They're in soho so they provide the usual herd/ Shepard mentality which is a shame. They can really stand out to people that enjoy beer. But it seems they're like the other bars in the area. I had really bad service while I was here, I had to reorder my drink 3 times before getting it, and when I got it, it was in the wrong type of glass. For a WOB I expected better service, knowledge and actual beer selection. I learned quickly after my first order  to not even try anything on their "500 beer list", as they were out of 4 of the beers I asked for. After waiting 20 min to actually get a beer they had I was disappointed. Pretty much This WOB sucks, but you get a better selection then most of soho for the same price. Most people around you will order bud light or pbr.. So that's a red flag. So if in soho, good luck and don't expect much, hopefully they have a beer you want.
This place has gotten better since corporate took over. It has made my quest to try every beer they got so much more enjoyable. Needless to say but the world wide selection of brews is the best I've experienced. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. Ask for Pete when you go here. He knows his stuff and always provides top notch service.
Great place!  Great service!   The bartenders (Gabby and Pete) take the time to ask you what you like and then match your taste to what they have to offer. Big thumbs up!  Must visit while in Tampa!!!
I am not a big beer fan so I was hesitant to go here but it was a part of the package with a ticket to The Sip. It was a nice fall day so the outdoor seating was perfect. They have lots of options on the menu and for non-beer drinkers you can even get wine and ciders.  I tried the raspberry and pumpkin cider, both of which I enjoyed. The staff was courteous and friendly.
I love how open this place is. I didn't even check out the covered portion, but it seemed like the majority of the seating was outside. There's bar style tables overlooking the sidewalk (similar to a coffee shop, but without the window part), bar seating facing the bar, high top tables, and comfier lounge seating if you want to cuddle up with your beer. I enjoyed relaxing and taking in the sights of Tampa. The most entertaining had to be the ENORMOUS line across the street for some sort of crazy unlimited happy hour. I learned a lot about Florida fashion from observing this. Anyway, the most important feature here is obviously the beer. There's a long list of quality beers, and I'm told it's the best selection in Florida. There is a happy hour here too, but it's only $1 off and this doesn't seem to draw the same scantily clad crowd as across the street (thankfully). I should stop writing because I'm starting to sound too much like a grandma, but moral of the story... definitely worth checking out if you're a beer lover like myself!
I came to watch a world cup game. I was surprised to find that they now have food. The atmosphere was good and the bartenders were attentive. The pretzel was huge however the beer cheese was not my favorite. They let me sample beers before I bought them.
Seemingly much smaller selection than the Westchase location, bartender wasn't very friendly (more concerned with her boyfriend and their laptop) and the place smelled of stale vomit.  Oh, and no Franziskaner?   Very unimpressive.  Won't be returning.
The South Tampa WOB is one of my favorite bars in SoHo. They recently refurbished the whole place by adding additional seating, which was needed, new lighting, and nice wood accents. They are currently working on the bathrooms (March 2014) so for now you have to use the port a pottys outside. They have quite an extensive list of beers and the bartenders can make suggestions of specialty brews or create combinations. Check their calendar for live music performers. Keep in mind there is no kitchen...so now bar snacks but local restaurants (Pita Pit, The Deck Pizza, New York New York Pizza) in the area will deliver to you inside the bar.
Favorite time to go is Football Sundays. Games on every TV and Redzone.
I will say that I love any World of Beer. Their selection, alone, makes it a place I enjoy coming to. As far as the crowd, not so sure about that. This location just happens to be in the midst of crazy collegness - no judgment but I prefer a more lax atmostphere now-a-days - so that's the only down side. Their assortment, for those who dig a good craft or organic beer, is awesomesauce though.
WOB would probably earn three stars if it weren't for a few factors that make it especially appealing to me: One, it's within walking distance, which makes it very appealing to grab a drink without moving my car. Two, it's very dog-friendly. Servers will bring a bowl of water over without my asking, and I've sat at the low tables, cocktail tables, and bar itself with dogs and no prob. Three, I love Tuesday trivia here. It's not too crowded, it's free, and there's a nice view of the sun setting. Four, WOB might be the only place in SoHo/walking distance that carries my favorite beer, Delirium Tremens, on tap. Or at all. It is pricey, but it's also strong, so you can just enjoy one or two. So with all of those factors, I can forgive the fact that it's in SoHo, next to loud-as-hell MacDinton's, and less appealing on Friday or Saturday nights when crowded with ...well, you know the crowd. But I highly recommend giving it a try for weekend day-drinking or a random weeknight instead of Happy Hour somewhere. When it's mostly empty, it's pretty fun! The staff has been fine, I saw that some Yelpers were treated poorly there. I can't say anyone stands out with great service, but I've never had any issues with $, attitude, or anything more than it taking a while to get a bartender's attention on a busy night. If WOB served a food menu like the New Tampa location did, or actually, better food than they did, that would be GREAT. The one thing I wish I had while playing trivia or enjoying a round of beer is something to snack on. Just basic bar food would be stellar. Or get a food truck up there on trivia night. I vote for The Cheesery!
Yes, this is the smallest WOB most people have been to and yes it's usually crowded any night of the week. Some visits there have been only 2 bartenders working which led to slow service, but they eventually get out to the tables and the other employees are good at clearing empty bottles and glasses. There are a few seats inside, but when the weather is nice, or even tolerable, it is great to sit outside on Howard Ave. and enjoy a beer from their vast selection. Some people have complained about price, but WOB offers plenty of discounts. There are discount nights for bottled beer and discounts for beer of the month. If you're a WOB loyalty member, you get additional discounts too. Sometimes I pay around $2 for a craft beer with my loyalty card. This place is also my favorite trivia location in South Tampa. Tuesday night is trivia night and 3 WOB gift cards are handed out each time. Also, you can bring food in from wherever and they are also dog friendly. If you don't want to be in a crowd or wait too long for a beer, just come earlier and grab a table.
Cozy outdoor setting. Propane fire islands are set up to assure it. They boast a huge craft and import selection of beers on tap and bottled. If you like craft brews, they are one of few in the SOHO area that will accommodate your palate.
If you can think of a beer, they either have it, or it's on their list of previous ones served. And that's their biggest plus. Plus they also make it fun and lively with music and a crowd that tends to skew a bit older and less douchey than McDinton's or some other hot spots on South Howard. The staff really knows their beer, and are willing to share. Plus there's always a bottle available for $3 at all times, and it's often good stuff. I think the only downside is the facility itself. Most of it is outside covered by an awning, and it can get awfully hot and humid in our beloved Bay area. There is an inside portion as well, but it's so small that it's tough to keep a big group in there. Basically it's just an indoor waiting room for the bathrooms, but very little space to maneuver. If it was bigger and had a better facility, this would be a 5 star lock. As it is, you'll have to be stuck with only great beer and a fun atmosphere.
Aside from this bar usually being very cramped and just generally not an enjoyable place to go, the service is terrible. I've been here a few times before. The bartenders always take forever to get your drink and seem more concerned with talking to each other than pouring drinks. However, usually. they will let you try samples when you actually do flag them down. Tonight, I asked a bartender for a sample and he told me that he was too busy for samples. I guess they are also too busy for my business because this is my last World of Beer experience. They actually have the nerve to call themselves the best bar in South Tampa. I could name at least 10 bars off the top of my head in South Tampa that are better than this place.
This is one bar I will NOT be visiting again. I recently stopped here while on a pub crawl in South Tampa. I usually enjoy WOB and have always had great service, at least I have at the Sarasota location. Unfortunately, the South Tampa location has some of the rudest bartenders I have ever encountered, particularly one who happens to have a dark beard and a weight problem. After serving me my beer, I paid with cash and the bartender laid my change back down on the bar (which wasn't even correct, as he overcharged me for my beer). I opened my wallet to put the quarters back in and grab another bill when all of a sudden I hear a rude voice say "By the way, we work for tips." ....Excuse me? Did you really just say that to me? Who does that??? The funny thing is, I always tip. And I tip WELL. I guess my action of putting my change in my wallet made him assume I was not leaving a tip. Well, I was about to, but after that comment, I sure as hell DID NOT (and I told him that to his face, so that he knew his comment was not appreciated and cost him his precious tip). We left immediately after and had nothing but fabulous service from all of the other South Tampa bars we visited on our crawl. When partying it up in S Tampa, do yourself a favor and skip WOB. There are plenty of other bars who also have awesome beer selections with MUCH friendlier service!
Back in my college days The World of Beer was just a liquor store in Clearwater that my husband would drag me to in search of rare imported beers.  Inspired by this store, the owners of World of Beer created a bar. Now WOB has thirteen locations in the Tampa Bay area with more to come! Obviously the selection of draft and bottled beers is excellent.  They carry everything from Trappist Monk Belgium beers to fruity beers like Strawberry Blonde and Purple Haze.  Check out their website for live music.  They have live bands every Thursday, Friday and Saturday night. WOB doesn't serve food, but they do work with neighboring restaurants to deliver food and pizza.  It is not uncommon to see a food truck parked nearby as well.
I love the beer selection here (what is not to love!?).  It is a good spot to sit outside, enjoy a beverage, and watch all the shenanigans going on around you.  Unfortunately, the last couple times I've been here, the bartenders have been rude to either myself or my friends.  The first incident involved a bartender trying to charge my fiance' for two beers that we had already paid for and basically accusing him of stealing beers (which, of course, he didn't).  The second incident involved a bartender telling Cathy J. that he works for tips.  I'm confused, don't all bartenders work for tips?  It is rude to tell someone that.  I dunno, I can find a good beer selection at lots of other establishments that will be nice to their customers.
I'm a fan of World of Beer in general, and this one has the selection and ambiance that the others do. It's just really tiny and always packed. I usually wistfully pass it by to go to another less crowded spot along South Howard because I don't have a desire to be packed in like a sardine barely able to lift my arm up to drink my Moscato. The most time I've ever spent at this location was during a zombie pub crawl in October. So much fun! But wow, the lines for the restroom were ridiculous. They did a pretty good job getting everyone served with drinks, but again, we were packed in there. Wish they could expand their space!
I have been staying in Tampa for the last couple weekends to look after an ailing Mom at Tampa General and Yelped into WOB in SoHo after needing a little refreshitudification. We have a new WOB down yonder in Miami-Dade County, but I hadn't made it inside yet. After visiting this hopping little outdoor spot, I'm very likely to make the pilgrimage from Rancho Relaxo on the sleepy end of Miami beach to check it out. As for this little place...Very nice selection of taps. Not as extensive as the Yardhouse in Coral Gables, but PLENTY and good. Check out the 11.11.11 if you have a daring palette (cinnamon and roasted chilis in a medium-heavy darkish ale...pretty cool! Not sweet...well balanced for being so weird). Also enjoyed the special offering from Abita (St Gleason Imperial Red Ale, a red-hued ale of exceptional balance...malt and floral and nutty essences and a lacy moth feel. Some of the proceeds go to help out an ill former NOLA footballer). I have been treated exceptionally well the three times I dropped in, propped at the far end of the bar with my Kindle. Feels like a place I could become a regular at, if I lived in the area... ...which brings up the only ding. SoHo around here is pretty busy on the weekends so parking is nuts (valet for WOB is $10...a cab from my hotel is cheaper). Most of the bar is outside which is a great thing in my eyes. Pretty dang good live music, too. Frankly, I regret that there is nothing like this in Miami (well, WOB is there in Kendall, but not in a walkable place like...mmm..the Grove or suchlike).
This place is a fun place to hang out. They have lots of outdoor space, live music, and a great beer selection. They do however have somewhat limited seating.
Good beer selection + giant games of JENGA. Wish there was indoor seating.
Great place to hang!  No food---bummer---but you can order from Neighboring restaurants.  Bartender was very freindly.  I did not get her name.  I'll go back for sure!!
World of beer has a great selection of beer but it seems to be more of a college student crowd. A college crowd that cannot hold their liquor.  While I had my one beer, a fight almost broke out.  When I went to the restroom there was a line of girls waiting on the restroom because someone locked themselves in the women's room to puke.  Not my kind of crowd.
This place is hip. I can choose a different adventure every time I visit, how could that be bad? I also racked up a hell of a bar tab.....flaw by design I guess- all imported beer- priceless. Keep in mind: I'm a star nazi, you didn't know?
This is the nicest WOB I've been to. Super relaxed atmosphere with a great open seating arrangement. Good stuff on tap and friendly bartenders.
I guess I'll be honest with you, my fellow Yelpers... I'll finally consider myself 'a fan' of this place. I've heard a lot about the WOB in North Tampa, however it never sparked enough of an interest to make the drive up. I was pleasantly surprised when WOB SoHo opened up. The previous few restaurants in the same building all flopped, hopefully this one can withstand the neighborhood. The beer selection is fantastic; it's probably one of the widest offerings in Tampa. Prices are reasonable, but change to AWESOME during happy hour - particularly on hospitality and student nights. I've had a range of service experiences, but I'd call it better than average. The cons? Parking can be rough on busy nights, their lot is very small and street parking can be ridiculous to find. (Probably better to valet somewhere else, have a drink there, then walk over.) Also, they chopped up the building when they renovated it. Inside can probably only seat ~25 people. The outside patio is good size; seating at the bar is plentiful, but they lack enough chairs for all their tables (hi-tops).
Nothing particularly stands out about this place. It's small, seats are limited. The beer selection is, obviously, vast and you can find pretty much anything you'd want here. The service is ok, the prices are good, the location is good.
Great beer selection, always looks to be busy, and the only place that didn't ask for a second ID. The only thing is that the band was so loud I had to shout in order to have a conversation with my friend.
I'm not a "beer" person, but I loved the selection of beers they provided. The waitress that took care of us really knew her stuff, she was able to help me figure out something I was willing to try. I was even to find a few I really enjoyed! I will be going back with my fiance' and friends!
I love World of Beer, but this is my least favorite location.  There are a lot of bars on Howard Ave, and most of them are better options.  It is too cramped and the ambiance just isn't that pleasant.  If you are on Howard Ave and want a fun experience, go to MacDintons or Yard of Ale for a beer.  If you are looking for something more relaxed, but possible overcrowded, then head to this World of Beer location.
Great choices of beer, good atmosphere, nice seating area outside!  Parking is horrible!  Very crowded on weekend & overall the place is small!
On a warm night it's nice,  but it can get hella crowded on the weekends. Great live bands and a good crowd.. and lots of beer... duh.
Love this place!  Always have a great time, service is friendly and knowledgeable.  Our bulldog, Beulah, sits at the bar.  Incredible beer selection.  Their iPhone app is great too, lets you know what beers you tried, what ones are available and whether they are on draught or bottle.  Expect it to be busy on Fridays, it is South Howard.  Saturday and Sunday afternoons are pretty laid back.
Nice beer selection.  Indoor outdoor bar situation happening which hooks me every time.  Loud fist pumping guido's and grenades shouting at the Miami / Celtics game.  Brought on some college nostalgia, which was almost okay to relive... Im pretty positive that ill be back.  :)
Wonderful selection of Belgium beer.
Good selection, not as much as carrollwood location.  It is mostly an open air bar.  The crowd was a decent less than typical south howard crowd, so that is always refreshing.
Awesome beer selection, large patio, good playlist, interesting crowd, what more could you ask for? Some Rogue Dead Guy maybe?  Well good news, they have it ON TAP.  Big fan of this place!
The name says it all as they have a ton of beers. This location is mainly all outside, but it has a nice roof overhead and a lot of fans to keep the air moving. I sat at the bar and watched a soccer match and was actually retie comfortable. They don't serve food at this one but I did see someone bring in take out from the Pita Pit up the street so I am assuming they have no problem with that.
Good beer selection.  The bartenders are all very knowledgeable.  Love the outdoor patio.  Would give this more stars but just cant get over the fact that they are required to play a corporate mix cd at all times.
Decent beer bar. Better than the average selection in Tampa.
Best beer selection and great atmosphere...
I have been to this bar at least 10 times but the last time was my last because I had the worst experience ever.  I went with a group of 6 guys (my brothers cousins brother in laws) to celebrate a guys night out.  We were all standing in the front of the outside bar where there is a long table that is by the line of entry and right next to the bouncer.  As anyone knows who has been there the drink prices are a little on the high side but that didn't deter us because they have a decent selection.  I bought my party a round of drinks (45ish bucks with tip) and we stood at the table and began enjoying our first drink of the night.  immediately after an obnoxious patron pounded on the other side of the table maybe laughing at a joke or who knows... The flimsy table we were at shook violently and knocked all our beers to the ground.  I politely went to the person that knocked all our beers to the ground and asked him why he knocked our drinks down. He reacted quite rudely because he was obviously over served.  I asked him if he could please replace our drinks for causing a party foul and eventually he agreed but only after he finished his drink.  I said we would like our drinks now and he told me to fuck off.  I work at a bar myself and I know that even-though at that point I wanted to punch the guy in the face it would not be worth it so I spoke with the bouncer. The bouncer did not care at all.  So I went to another bouncer and he did nothing either. He actually told me not to look at the guy because at that point our party was getting quite upset and the drunk patron was being combative and called us homos.  After complaining to several people and almost getting in a fight with the over served patron we decided to leave.  The bar did not offer to buy us another round to replace the spilled round all under our table nor did they even throw the drunk guy out.  The drunk guy taunted us as we left even-though we were bigger and more in number.  In the end we got no where with their nonreactive staff and as far as I know the asshole that knocked our drinks over was probably friends with people who worked there.  This bar is a joke and clearly does not care about its patrons or their safety.  I should have kicked the shit out of that guy in hind site it would have been worth it.   World or Beer is overpriced and gives you shitty slow service and you better pray to god if someone does anything bad to you while you are there because they dont give a shit.  WORST OF BEER I WILL NEVER BE BACK AND I WILL ALWAYS TELL ANYONE WHO WANTS TO GO THAT THERE ARE WAY BETTER OPTIONS IN THE AREA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU GUYS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Come one come all!!! As long as you have a medium of about $6 dollars per beer. I like to think of myself as a bit of a beer connoisseur, so those extra bucks for something I've never had before are definitely worth it. They have over 500 beers from around the world, so if you order a miller light, shame on you.  They also run many specials throughout the week: Monday is service industry night (1/2 off), Tuesday is Loyalty Card Night (25% off), Wednesday is College night (1/2) off, Thursday is Ladies Night (1/2 off), so everyone can afford it at least one day every week. They also often have live music Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, and is an awesome place for watching football (I watched the Steelers lose the playoffs there ). Ladies if you don't like beer, they do have the choice of red or white wine which their names I don't really know but most of you can't tell the difference anyway! The crowd is usually bros. You know the ones in the khaki pants, polo shirts, flip-flops, but overall it's a welcoming crowd which is more than I can say about other places in SOHO.
Great selection of beer.  Service is pretty good.
