I have lived in South Tampa for many years and have seen places come and go for many reasons , The Manhattan is a refreshing addition to the area. Recently they have undergone some changes for the better, new menu and happy hour. A great Ladies night on Tuesday and live music after 10:00.... The staff is very friendly and accommodating with a nice tiki lite outdoor courtyard.
Walk in, sit down at the bar, ask for a Rye Manhattan, perfect.  Bartender gives me a look, goes to make my drink.  I watch, she comes back, plonks it down, and unceremoniously asks me "perfect enough?" A perfect Manhattan simply means 1/2 of dry vermouth, 1/2 of sweet vermouth, all other ingredients the same.  It's not a dick move trying to tell someone they'd better deliver the best Manhattan ever made. A quick discussion imparts this, and then we're at that "Oh" moment.  I shrug, sip my cocktail (it's decent, just not what I wanted and no offer to replace it was made), and pull out my phone for company.  A karaoke DJ begins hauling in equipment, and the bartender shows epic skills in the "bored, but no way in hell am I going to make eye contact" moves. Awesome.  *Sigh*  Two more sips, $20 on the bar under the unfinished drink, and out.  I'll own part of the problem -- shouldn't have ordered a finicky drink to start off with.  But, the place looks like someplace that would know the cocktail, right? So, 2 stars for now, will go back later and see what's up later on.
Another place I was hesitant to come to because of the reviews but with a nice living social deal I opted to anyway. So we came on a Weds night just in time for the last round of trivia. Now, I like trivia, in it's own space & time but I don't want to be seated in a dining area and have the people drinking at the next table acting  like we're a team and dragging us into their game while we're trying to eat. That's the big problem with this place. They have an identity crisis. They did have $3 coronas and I had a fuzzy pear (elderflower champagne drink) which was good. albeit it a little too sweet and I had to switch to wine. So we tried the greek flatbread ($5 special) with feta, black olives, etc. Quite good. on the smallish side but good. We then tried the avocado fries ($7) as I've been craving them since I first found them in Texas, these were good, not as good, a little to heavily breaded but the avocado was nice and fresh. The shortrib nachos ($9) were really good but unfortunately the meat was cold bringing a great dish to a good dish. Another round of drinks and we moved onto the brussel sprouts ($7) served shredded with prosciutto and a tangy dressing. Good, but texture wise it would have been better if they weren't shredded. Lastly we had the meatballs marinara ($8) 3 nice sized meatballs in a decent sauce. These were ok, nothing wow, but I have certainly had worse. Finishing up our drinks we got to see the first few rounds of karaoke. God I hate karaoke. That's the problem with this place, the décor is rather upscale, the clientel is not, and the "entertainment" draws that crowd, thus negating the somewhat classy atmosphere. If you go, don't expect much more then a neighborhood bar with tapas. Certainly not a place to go just for the food and don't bother with your night out clothes, you wont need them here.
Great place! Good bands and DJ-CY playing after words. We had a awesome time. Highly recommend!
So I'm a little frustrated, after having my mouth tuned up for a specific dish at Manhattan Bistro, I have passed several other amazing options to come here and be told that even though they open at 4pm they don't start service at 4pm. What then does open mean? I'm beyond angry that I have wasted my time to come to an establishment that clearly doesn't understand customer service or value my patronage.     So this is notice to all don't go to this place when they open cause apparently they expect you to be tardy for the party and won't serve you until about 5 or whenever they are ready!   I called the owner and he said its true even though they open at 4pm, that's when the staff gets there so you can get drinks but not food until about 415 or 430 when the grill and ovens are warmed. If your mouth is open in amazement then you look just like me. What?! The owner ... enough said I'm done!
We had heard some great things about this restaurant and decided to give it a try on Saturday evening around 6:30 PM.  Not too many patrons but even at that the inside was such that you could hear conversations and the setting was not at all intimate.  We sat outside which was a mistake because our waiter continually forgot about us leaving us to fend for ourselves and asking where our food was on numerous occasions.  When we did ask, he would disappear for long periods and when he came back it was again without our food (2-3 times).  Additionally, they permit smoking in the dining area outside and as non-smokers this was a big downside. The food was not even average from our perspective.  We ordered two salads to start and 30 minutes asked our waiter where they were.  He finally came out with one but failed to bring the second.  The second arrived fifteen minutes later.  It was presented in a nice fashion but lacked flavor.  The shrimp and scallop dish had okay taste but the kitchen forgot to include the asparagus in the preparation.    Asparagus was brought to the table when we mentioned it being missing but it arrived when we were done eating our dinner.  Fish tacos were bland.  The avocado fries had no flavor at all and we left them uneaten. Additionally, we had an item on our check that we did not order and had to return for a refund. Over all this establishment was a big disappointment.  One and a half hours of our two and a half hour visit was spent waiting.  We dine out in the area on average two to three times a week and will not be returning to The Manhattan under any circumstances.
Haven't been here in years, but was kidnapped last night under duress haha. Definitely a mixed crowd here. The band, Wild Ginger, was playing last night and they were great. Many people were dancing and having a good time. Definitely not my scene, but the patrons and the bar staff are very friendly. I didn't get a chance to try any of the food, but several of my friends have dined here in the past and say it isn't too too bad. Go see Karen, she is not only a sight for sore eyes but she can make a great drink too!
This was our first and last visit here.  We really wanted to like this place, the pictures made it look modern and classy, and a good place for a date night.  It was not.   First, we made reservations since it was a Friday night, and they were supposed to have a band playing.  It was unnecessary though, since when we walked in, we were one of 3 tables in the entire restaurant.  My husband and I are in our mid 30's and we noticed that we were the youngest of the patrons by at least 25 years.  We ordered pomegranate martinis but received vodka cran in a martini glass.  Our server must have been new because she had to go and ask questions 3 different times while we were ordering.  All of that is excusable, since the bartender did make us different drinks and our server did come back with answers eventually.  But once our food came out we really got disappointed.   The "filet quesadilla" my husband ordered came with some sort of meat in it, sure, but it was NOT filet.  On his first bite he showed me that the quesadilla had celery and carrots in it.  WHAT?!  Obviously, they used some sort of beef stew from a can.  It was disgusting.  Then for my meal, I had chicken skewers, but they were completely dried out and over cooked.  It came with a side of rice that came out in a neat, little circle and it was as hard as a hockey puck.  I honestly could not stab it with my fork.  The chef came out and apologized, said his cook was new and must've microwaved it too long.  He was also quick to bring out a new side of much softer rice.   This whole time at dinner, not one song was sung by the band.  They were setting up and warming up the entire time.  Darn.  We could've used some good music.   Overall, a bad experience.  Will not go ever again.
My first impression of outside was ehhh, but it's actually very nice inside they did a classy job decorating a "shopping strip restaurant". This review is based on happy hour and Bar time as we didn't eat.  The staff was very pleasant, owner was in making sure it's ran up to par. There was a band and I am not normally a band person, but they did a great job. I had a very good time and will definitely return.
Found this place online and decided to take a shot, i must say that it is amazing. The ambient is really fun with live music and the stuffed chicken marie was one of the best ive had. Come out when you get a chance, will not regret it.
My Creative Loafing allies posted a great deal for a $30 coupon to this place so I jumped at the chance to try a new neighborhood eatery.  First, we shouldn't have gone on karaoke night...we are not "karaoke people" even though my fiance believes that he needs to share his self-proclaimed angel voice with the world (he is mistaken about the world's desire to experience it). We sat at an outside table and started with the tuna stack sans pumpkin seeds (Angel Voice has diverticulitis and can't eat seeds). Very fresh and very tasty! Loved the jicama! I ordered the Po Boy Crab Cake Sliders. Why do I continue to order crab cakes outside the great state of Maryland? Because I'm a glutton for punishment. While these didn't claim to be Maryland style they still were disappointing. Also, I'm not from New Orleans but aren't Po Boys supposed to be on sub rolls? These were just small dry hamburger buns. The crab cakes themselves were pretty basic and miniscule, and the coleslaw wasn't anything to write home about. Angel Voice got the Beef Carpaccio, which he described as "alright" ... did I mention he is also a poet and all-around wordsmith? I'm willing to give this place a second chance to wow because there were some interesting dishes I'd like to try and I'm sure the atmosphere would be more tolerable on a non-karaoke evening. Random plus side - The bathrooms are very nice.
This was an OK place for a drink. The food was acceptable. It was a little pricey for what I got. The drinks were very high priced. The creme brulee was made there, but it was runny. Many other things coming from the kitchen looked rushed, or not all they could have been. One example was the brie, not very well baked, not a lot of fruit, and for the price not what I was hoping for. Atmosphere was trendy and aspired to be cool and urban. Again, they just needed a touch more to get there.
I'd rather over rate, then under-rate since a lot of people base their decisions off people they've never met and their reviews of a certain place. Having said that. We had never been. Have seen a few people check in on FB, but never actually asked how it was, so we figured we'd give it a try. How was it? Well we got there at 8:00 on the dot and didn't get out of there until after 9:30. There were four tables and one 8 top of South Tampa moms in their best 'come hither' outfits. The 'moms' were drunk, loud and pretty inconsiderate of everyone around them. I even heard one of them say, 'everyone around us is being loud, so it's not just us'. I looked around and saw three other tables of older couples, rolling their eyes. I couldn't quite hear what they were saying over the cackling of these nice ladies, but I'm sure it wasnt nods of agreement. Regardless. As older, married women go - they were very easy on the eyes (not that that helped my ears) What does that have to do with my review? Absolutely nothing. I don't rate based on other customers and  how loud they were. Anyways. I think there was one waitress, one bartender and a manager on the floor because it took forever to get water, food, then our check. It's not our waitresses fault, she was bustling as fast as she could... but it did detract from the enjoyment we would have had, had we not been listening to 8 50 something year old women bad mouth their husbands and talk about Raul the pool boy... or maybe it was Saul the Jew boy - I couldn't quite hear very well. Either way, those husbands are being stepped out on. Poor souls. I mean come on lady, you're not 21 any more. Act your age. And for the love of God, stop 'Sharon Stoning' me every time you go to adjust yourself in your very high and eye level seat bottom. ;-) As for the food. It was ok. It was 'bar' food masked as gourmet. $24 for filet tips is a lot considering you only get two small medallions. They were tasty, but not $24 tasty. Same with the mashed potatoes. They were 'ok', but not $24 ok. Would we go back? Maybe........... if those women weren't there. I give them credit for turning an odd location into a place that has a lot of potential. It's subtle, modern and clean. Waiting an hour for food is unacceptable in any location, regardless of staffing issues. We'll chalk it up to a bad night for them and lots of people calling in sick.
I've been here several times, each time because I got a $30 coupon for $15.  Entrees are a bit high in price, and without a salad, bread, rolls, or any accompaniments, you don't get a lot for your money at regular price.  I guess you have to pay for the live entertainment, even if you're only there for dinner... That said, the food is very tasty and well-presented.  The GROSS experience that will likely keep me from returning, however, was the waitress obviously having just returned from a massive smoke break and speaking with her rotten breath in my face.  A total turn-off, and one has to wonder why these people don't realize how bad they smell.
What is this place?  Is it a bar?  Restaurant? Lounge?  Went there for dinner, so this review is for it being a restaurant, which manhattan fails miserably at, but wants to be a dinner destination. Bad service Noisy Poor drink menu Overpriced Nice outdoor seating Ok food.  Described as bigger than tapas, but this was not the case. Terrible all around experience.  Will not be returning.
The Manhattan... wants so badly to be more than just another neighborhood bar. I mean, even the name tries too hard. Either way, it's not a bad place, but it's nothing that will leave you yearning for more. I was there in early February for a few drinks and to see a local band. I spent most of my time on the patio because it was virtually impossible to hear anything inside - drink orders, friendly chat, fire alarms... Ok, there were no fire alarms... I think. It was dark, so nothing about the decor stuck out to me, good or bad, and the crowd was equally vanilla. It was probably an equal split of people over 40 to people under 40, but with that particular band there, the demographics could have been skewed. The drinks were acceptable; I had a cosmo (which, given the name of the place, you would think would be a specialty there, but not so much). All in all, if I lived on that side of town, I could see myself stopping in to grab a casual drink after work or for a happy hour, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to make it back there. Don't get me wrong - it's not a bad place, but my experience was that it didn't offer anything I couldn't get from a place in my neighborhood.
I've visited the Manhattan a couple times and enjoyed the food immensely. I'm a cheese chick, and these folks know how to add it in all the right places. Beef medallions with goat cheese....mashed potatoes with feta...ooh wee! But if you're looking for good-sized portions, this isn't where you want to be. It's gourmet food that tastes good and looks good...on a tiny plate...but without a tiny price. Loved the bourbon ball drink, made with Makers Mark, Frangelico hazelnut,  and creme de cocoa. I dig live music, so I applaud any establishment that aims to offer it on a nightly basis. But I worry about this spot because both times I went, I thought they were closed because there was literally nobody there. Granted, these were weeknights. It's in a residential area, so maybe location is a factor.
This place is lucky to have been in business for as long as they have been.  As Betty and I rolled up and walked to the door this evening, what do you know, poof the neon open sign suddenly turns off.  It was 10:45p.  So we go inside and ask if they are still open and sure enough the bartender replies with a "we close at 11p."  That's great and all except they are supposed to be open from 11p-1a for their late night "2nd" HH.  So we made the trek back home and all I thought about for the next half an hour was that was a business that will not be open come next year.  What a joke.
Had a girls holiday brunch party here this past Sunday and I was SO impressed. The service was amazing, our servers were so attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. The food was AMAZING. They had a brunch menu with about 5 different items that were only $7 but we ordered mostly from the app/dinner menu and were not disappointed at all, the prices are a little high for some things but the food was excellent. We ordered: Tomato Mozzarella Capri, Salmon Carpaccio, Lobster Rangoons, Sambuca Mussels and the Uptown Crab Cakes and everything we ordered was phenomenal. There was a Jazz Band, outdoor seating AND the most impressive Bloody Mary bar I've ever seen. I will definitely come back and anyone in Tampa, this is a great spot for Sunday afternoon!
I really really wanted to like this place.  It has a nice vibe to it when you walk in, but it kinda went downhill from there.  Our server was nice and seemed knowledgeable about the menu.  We had a living social deal so we were willing to spend a bit more $$$ for our food.  Good thing we had that discount...because getting dinner here will set you back more than a few bucks!  We decided to order some draft beers ($5 a piece) and some tapas.  We started with the baked brie ($12).  I've had some awesome baked bries at other restaurants and was rather disappointed with this one.  It really had no flavor and was lukewarm when it arrived.  The next thing we ordered was the shrimp quesadilla ($12) and the meatball flatbread ($7).  The quesadilla was ok, there wasn't much shrimp in it and the pieces were rather small.  The flatbread was pretty tasty, but again there wasn't much of it.  If I had paid full price for these dishes, I would have been pretty upset at the lack of food on the plate!  This food also came out lukewarm.  For dessert we tried the Creme Brulee ($6).  The presentation was very nice with mixed raspberries on top, but when we dug in, it was very runny and there were lots of black speckles on the bottom of the dish. (We were told it was vanilla bean...I hope that's true!) They had a live band also, which took a LONG time to set up and they kept squeaking and squawking over the speakers with feedback and pulling cords in and out.  It was very annoying and really dragged down the atmosphere of the place.  Once they started performing...again...it was just ok. I noticed they have happy hour from 5-7 on Saturdays and I might be willing to go back and try some different items when they are a cheaper price, but overall I was quite disappointed.
The appetizers were dreadful. The drinks tasted watered down. There are a lot more and far better places for early bird appetizers or drinks such as Brio Tuscan Grill, Bonefish Grill, the Palm, etc.
We made reservations for 7:15 pm since it was a Friday night and not knowing what to expect. This was our first visit to The Manhattan Dolce, we arrived on time and had no problem with being greeted and seated at our table.  As we walked inside they had the door open that lead outside to the patio we thought of sitting patio side but felt to humid. The inviting bar lounge music played in the back ground while people talked at the bar and sat at their tables; the color combinations and decor in the room was warm and welcoming well put together for the intimately small space given. We ordered our drinks I had to try The Manhattan hey, wanted to see if the name would match the drink. My date ordered an Ice tea (come on someone had to drive) in which to both our surprise, they did not have and was highly not recommended by our friendly waitress. The Manhattan was perfectly done and worth the $10. Well done bartender well done. We looked over the menu and decided we would go with The Super club 4 course dinner for two $50 dollars per couple. I ordered the Manhattan clam chowder and he ordered the salad. Our first course came out promptly, the clam chowder was a little on the bland and a little watered down side. The cesar  salad was a head of chopped lettuce with ceasar dressing on top nothing memorable about the flavor. Our second course was a choice of one appetizer we ordered the Beef Carcappio to which we were informed they did not have available. We then ordered the Thai Chili Chicken kabobs which turned out to be over cooked and dry. Luckily I still had my tasty Manhattan to wash it down. Now for the Main course, I ordered the Pan Seared Ahi Tuna Steak, the tuna was fresh and thick although it did not appear to be seared long enough on the outside with good seasoning and some flavor it had not been seared long enough to adhere the taste into the tuna.My date ordered the Chicken Marie which came out with a white sauce on top with a strange smell and an even worst taste that seem to be the underlining of seafood flavor to it. He immediately informed the waitress that he could not eat the dish and sent it back and ordered the Pan Seared Ahi Tuna Steak in hopes that it would be seared a little long, it was not. We had our last choice of the course that which was to be the Dolce, unfortunately disappointed with the over all dishes and unsatisfying taste adventure we declined to order our dessert so as to not tarnish what little appeal The Manhattan Dolce had left. Well, At least I know where to get the best Manhattan in town. think if there is a next time I will forgo the food and stick with the music and drinks.
The owner(s) of this establishment really needs to read the reviews. The Dole Bistro/Bar has the potential of being a great place to hang out, enjoy a cocktail and light meal. The location is convenient and the live bands were great (yes, there were two).    I think the biggest drawback, and the reason I would only return for happy hour, are the prices.  The dishes are excessively $$$$ for the portions served and the two we sampled were just okay.  I did not find the cocktails to be all that amazing, and yes, again, way over priced.  Another huge disappointment is that they do not pour to the top...intentionally. The service was good, everyone we encountered were pleasant (and apologetic over not explaining the "tapas" concept).  In short, the live bands saved the evening.
We wanted to try out a new place and it's always great to see new business SOG. Five of us went for a birthday party dinner and drinks. From the beginning the Manhattan Dolce Bar disappointed and it never got better. We waited at the hostess stand for a long 5 minutes before a woman came by and said "Carlos will be right with you". A few minutes later she came back and acted like she never saw us before and proceeded to seat us. Carlos (presumably) showed up at the same time and also made effort to seat us. There was a live band that was so incredibly loud we had to scream across the table. The server came promptly and took drink orders. The menu was confusing, it said something about sharing but the descriptions and price points didn't convey tapas ($10-$14 each). the server said that a table of 5 should order 8 plates to be full. We ordered 5 and the server rolled her eyes. The wine and beer list was pretty sad, limited and expensive. My wine tasted off and the martinis lacked garnishes. The food presentation was good. The taste was was OK. Nothing stood out but nothing was awful. One friend asked the server quietly  if they did anything special for birthdays. She said " We let you eat here". Seriously! The management made a few attempts to lower the band's volume and check on us. By then we were itching to get out. Manhattan Dolce Bar wants to be a restaurant, neighborhood bar, night club, lounge, cafe, tapas bar, music venue and they failed at all.
A group of us went of us went out last night and I guess I didn't check Yelp before we left. I am so glad we didn't . Our party of four got to the Bistro about 7pm and we had our drinks and some appetizers... a plate of hummus with veggies and pita bread along with a plate of tomato and mozzarella caprise.  The weather was great and our server Sunny was awesome. The woman singing in the bar ( glorified karaoke) was not the best, but we weren't there for the entertainment. We next had plates of Salmon, steak tacos, chicken roulade and short ribs on flat bread.  All were delicious and were the perfect size. (I sometimes worry about reviews that say there wasn't enough food and think maybe they would be better served at a Macaroni Grille or Carrabbas.) We then followed up with dessert of a plate of a Chocolate Flourless Torte and Creme Brulee with black and red raspberries. Both very good.. After we finished eating about 9pm, the featured band took the stage. We headed into the bar area and took up space in a booth opposite the bar. The band was good and started with mostly older rock tunes, but then as the evening progressed, came out with hits like Brick House, White Wedding and The Roof Is On Fire! The mix of people was older, which was just fine for us and the atmosphere was great. Just a fun place to go on a Saturday night where you be at one place, but feel like you went to three!
I've been here 3 times so far with my boyfriend and we've enjoyed it each time! The first night we visited we went for a late night drink on a Friday or Saturday... the place was full and dance floor was alive. The Manhattan is a considerably middle-age spot likely because it's a neighborhood bar but has some really appealing and promising features; the music is loud but great, live music, Karaoke night (have yet to go), decent menu with some tasty items, full bar, lush-looking corner booths, outdoor patio, etc. Food: edamame was nothing special, smoked salmon carpaccio was yummy and a perfect portion, bruschetta was very good, baked brie was just OK.. a little heavy on the glaze they use, and the margarita flatbread was again, just OK. There's something so intriguing about flatbreads but when they arrive I think to myself, "oh yeah... it's just a lame pizza." We'll definitely be back and I'd recommend folks to try it! But yes, beware that their website is not up-to-date and there are some things that could be improved.
ok... be forewarned... i am not going to assess the food... but the evening! it was a blast.   Johnny G Lyons played and it was definitely an adult crowd.  bar crowd.   everyone was dancing, laughing....  got there cica 10:30 and was delighted to see that the college crowd was still on howard! ;) recognized a lot of the neighborhood adults... from macdinton's and jimmy mac's and rg's years hence.  if you know what i am talking about, then you would have enjoyed the show. some there looked vaguely familiar! as far as the food, i sampled it at happy hour, with friends...  it was ok.   not quite the place to romance your girl or to go on a first date but more the one to go hang with friends and enjoy the show.   on mondays, monies go to charities and causes....  great neigborhood place... and that is what they are trying to be.   note to the file.  7 dollars and 48 cents for a rum and coke.   they pass out shots.   owner is very pleasant!   great place to pop in for a few to listen to good music.
This place has both pros and cons. The food was very good and the live entertainment and atmosphere was great which overall allowed me to enjoy my experience. The cons were the limited menu choices and the cost of the very small portions. My boyfriend and I spent over 100 dollars (which included a bottle of wine) and both left hungry. I would assume buying four things off the menu each at $15 or more you should have a full belly when you leave. But as previously mentioned the food tasted delicious and the overall experience was positive.
The decor is nice and has an awesome bar that runs the length of the restaurant. There are some tables outside when the weather permits. Unfortunately, we had a lot of issues when we had our visit. We made reservations for a birthday party and when we arrived we were told they could only make cold items because they had a problem with the plumbing. We were hungry and decided we might go somewhere else but they decided they could all of a sudden make hot food for us but they ran out of a quarter of the menu. We went ahead and ordered and the food took a long time to get out but the small plates were good. They forgot a few dishes and we were told the kitchen shut down again after the initial round so we didn't get those dishes and people that arrived late were not able to order hot food. The server forgot drinks, orders, and us all night and we had to remind her multiple times on what we were waiting for. They did have a DJ that was playing some good music in addition to a drummer who was beating his drums to the beats and it was sooo loud we had to yell when we were talking to the person next to us. If I go back, it would just be for drinks.
Finally, a place I can sit back have a couple of cocktails, invite some friends and listen to live music that's not Hyde Park or the International Plaza. Happy hour is awesome! It's got a good vibe. I love the fact that they have a patio and the crowd is definately NOT a MacDinton's crowd!
