Nice little place with great music for friendly conversations in the ever nice Hyde park
Wow - amazing food and so unexpected.  Ordered a round of appetizers for my group and every dish was perfectly done and just the right amount.  We did not order any dinner items as the appetizers were enough.  I will definitely be going to this place again for the appetizers and the nice ambiance.  The tomato towers are my weakness and I still dream about it daily.
I highly recommend humus and wings
Food was good. Outside seating was uncomfortable. Rib-eye sandwich is like a grown-up Philly cheesesteak. Loud and crowded. A great place for 20-somethings to hang out.
Nice atmosphere.   Make sure you pay in cash or save your receipts.  This place may accidentally charge you a couple of extra dollars more to your credit card than you agree to.  It happened to me this week, and to a friend of mine a couple of times.
Checked this place out on a Tuesday night. Nice place, sat at the bar on the outside ledge. They had a guitarist playing on the patio that provided a nice atmosphere. Bartender was attentive and very courteous, the food I had was excellent. Recommend you give this place a go.
I was lucky enough to stop in during brunch on Sunday and found out they not only have a bloody mary drink special ($5), but they also have a bloody mary bar...every condiment you can think of from celery to pearl onions and even bacon, they were great! Also got some Irish boxty's that were really tasty all while sitting in the sun and listening to live music.
Great food, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. Great spot on the edge of Hyde Park Village. Indoor/outdoor  dining room and bar. Very casual. Perfect mid-afternoon meal We started with the blue chips, homemade potato chips served with a creamy mixture of cheeses with blue cheese chunks sprinkled on to. DELICIOUS! The Patty melt was cooked to perfection, and had some sliced corn beef on it along with a mayo horseradish sauce, Yummy I need to go back and sample the shepherds pie, and the fried pickles. They could use better dessert option.
Love it when Luke Andrews plays here!
This is a great place for South Tampa Residents.  We live in the area and need an escape from the college kids on Howard.  The chicken wings are excellent and the beer is cold.  It seems to be the locals new favorite place.  It's friendly, fun and a great place to hang out.
Be ready to wait for your food! Went there Sunday afternoon and ordered 2 apps. Guacamole and chips (pre-made) and Onion rings. Took over 25 minutes for the Guac and chips, and then another 5 minutes for the onion rings. The server could tell we were less than pleased, so maybe a manager or another server stops by and feeds us a line of bologna that everyone ordered fried foods at once and the fryers were full. Couldn't come up with anything better than that?? Onion rings finally come out, you would think since they were so "freshly fried" they would be piping hot! Not so much, tasted like they were cooked in old grease and were luke warm at most.  We didn't even eat all of them because of the grease taste being left in our mouth, as well as the puddle of grease on the plate! They did how ever take off the onion rings because they took to long... Wasn't enough at that point.  We were planning on eating lunch after the apps, but who has hours to waste!
Great new spot and much needed. For sports and meeting up with friends. Lots of tvs! You have to try the wings and the burger. Awesome! Pleasant surprise.
A group of eight of us went to Irish 31 for a farewell dinner for a buddy of ours who was deploying the next day to Afghanistan. They were having a Monday night lotto for wine, gift certificates and other stuff. We encouraged him to do the lotto and he won a ten dollar gift certificate. We asked the waiter if he could use it and she said it be no problem but she'd have to ask the manager. The manager said No and that he should use it next time. We told the dude our friend was deploying the next day and wasn't gonna be around for a while. He still said no way and that he should just give it to one of his friends. The manager was more interested in someone coming back a second time with a gift certificate then being a good dude. None of us will going back, gift certificate or not. Oh, and the food is nothing to write home about. Overall a craptastic experience.
a fantastic (and much needed) addition to Hyde Park Village.
the only reason i am giving it two stars is because my salad was halfway decent. but i can only think of one word to describe this place: OVERPRICED! i live in SOHO and i don't mind paying good money for good food. but my salad was $17 when it really should have been about $12. i could have gotten a much better salad at timpanos for less money! and my friend got a sandwich that was about as filling as a slider. and it didn't even come with fries. he told the waitress he would rather have fries after the food came out, and when we got the bill, the fries were on there for an additional $4. also, this place is not an irish bar. not sure why they claim to be. if you want a real irish bar then go to dubliner, macdintons, or o'briens. this place won't last long. it just lacks any real appeal to take me away from all the great places on howard ave. if the food was exceptional i would say ok, but its not and its overpriced. very disappointing.
Our second visit. Ft. Lauderdale visitor with us. late dinner for a Wednesday night. arrived at about 8:30 PM. We sat at the outside corner of the bar. Since they were having entertainment, The weather was also they're replacing considering it's been quite warm lately. I had one of my old favorites, The Magner's but, on draft. Not too many pubs carry it on Tap. My H had the Irish 31 Dark Amber and so did my sis. Kate was Bartending. Also took care of our dinner order. She was courteous, friendly Very Nice. She multi tasked very well. I had the Beef Tips w/Caramelized Onions, w/Horseradish Sauce on the side. It is their own version, of horseradish sauce. It tastes like horseradish sauce with"Possibly Mayo and maybe Paprika. Added to it. Since I am used to either the "Take it if you Can" Pure,Horseradish,(CLEARS UP YOUR SINUSES,makes your whole face tingle :-) I also like the sauce, so this was different. But, to Mayo night for me.I am not a big Mayo fan. This item is listed on the menu has a sandwich and it also has cheese. Since I cannot have bread with Gluten or Lactose(WOW,what a Dilemma). Not really.I improvise. So I ordered it Naked.(Hold The Bread and Cheese). Kate, seemed glad to do this. My H said his Corned Beef Club, was Very Good.(it wasA double stacked corn beef, turkey and of course bacon, Generously Stacked, of course don't forget the bacon). included a side of steak size fries. My Sis had the fish and chips. I tasted her battered fish. It was okay, the fish was cooked well. It was not greasy it was flaky. Found the batter a little heavy for the traditional batter with fish and chips. FYI: In the UK cheeps are our french fries.And Chips Are Called,"Crisps". I love buying them from a Vendor. They Flash fry Them. While you watch. Put Them in A Brown Paper Bag, add Salt. Shake the Bag, and hand Them to you " Pipping Hot". They are so GOOD especially when the weather is cold. Last Night was nice. An Acoustic Guitar was playing Some Contemporary and  Classic Rock. I love the Irish music at an Irish pub so this was a little bit different for me. But, I do like displays for Sunday games. We had a nice time, came back home to enjoy a coffee together. Will go back to the village.FYI: Chips just a bit salty for me. Not too crazy about salty food,.By the way, old Bar"Sells The Drinks" Give them lots of salt and they will keep on drinking:-) well, at first it was not Cool w/me.But, I started getting fries with no salt. "Yes" I said NO salt. Now I'm Used to it. Can't Stand it. And my Flat tummy likes it,too. (No Bubble Belly). Less headache . When I cook I use lots of Condiments and Spices. Does not have to be Hot Sauce . At Irish 31 it was nice. Good Company and very friendly people. Told my husband, I think we're due for a trip back to England in the UK, he insured. Definitely! Ck out Pics:-) Love, Yelp!
Irish 31 is your typical bar- TVs everywhere, loud people, wings, & really good fries. As a vegetarian, my options are somewhat limited. I was pleasantly surprised by my salmon orchard salad. The salmon was cooked perfectly, but there wasn't much of it. For a $15 salad, you want to get your money's worth. I will say that it was a really bomb ass salad tho. Blue cheese, candied pecans, oranges, & the dressing really took this salad over the edge. If I ever come back here, it's for this salad. My friends ordered their 31 wings deal & seemed satisfied with their decision. The garlic wings were bland in their opinion, so order some extra dip. There wasn't much table room, so it felt like my friends and I were playing footsies the entire evening. I'd come back to watch a game here for sure.
Great place! Lots of tv's, outside patio, live music, and a great menu. Parking is free across the street. The food prices are great. I enjoyed the small plates menu as it allowed us to sample a few different things. Their house beer is good and only $3 all day everyday. We enjoyed the music outside. Will be even better when it starts to cool off. Service was a little slow but it was packed.
Great place for sport lovers, especially the ones who like bad service, soggy chips and watery salsa.  Don't think I'll be back here anytime soon.
I thought the food was really good, prices are fair in both food and drinks, sports bar atmosphere, nice outdoor seating
The interior of Irish 31 is very comfortable. From the huge patio that has a fantastic cover band belting tunes to the massive amount of televisions, to the cool Edison light bulbs hanging from the rustic fixtures. I started my meal with a Painkiller. A Painkiller is a tropical mixed drink made with Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Coconut, Captain Morgan Parrot Bay Pineapple, cream of coconut and orange juice. It is topped with a dash of nutmeg. The Painkiller was delicious. The pineapple was very evident, but the orange juice and the coconut flavors were light. I do wish there was a bit more coconut. However, I loved the addition of nutmeg. It helped to cut the sweetness. For our appetizer, we ordered a Loaded Boxty. The Loaded Boxty is a Velveeta cheese, bacon and chive stuffed mashed potato ball that is hand rolled in a special breading and deep fried. They are then baked and served with sour cream.I have never seen anything like this on a menu before. The Loaded Boxty's are fantastic. The outside breading forms a crunchy shell. The inside is soft and packed with flavor. I was a little concerned about the Velvetta (I prefer real cheese), but the Loaded Boxty is more about the mashed potato and the bacon. I wouldn't even have known it was Velvetta if the menu hadn't told me. Boxty's also come in Legendary (plain), Shepherd's Pie, Corn Beef with Cabbage and Ham n' Cheese. For my entree I decided  to try the Shrimp and Grits. The Shrimp and Grits at Irish 31 is a combination of tiger shrimp, Black Forest ham, bacon, diced tomatoes and red onions folded into cheesy grits. It is the type of meal that you will be dreaming about for awhile. The grits were cheesy and flavorful enough to eat on their own. However, once you have a taste of this incredible sauce (which I could not discern the ham or bacon in), you won't want to eat them by themselves. The shrimp were large, fresh and well seasoned. The entire dish had a slight heat to it that blissfully tingled the back of my throat. Perfection. I will have a hard time ordering something else on my next visit. My Husband went with the Fish and Chips. I initially thought that his fish was overcooked. It looked a lot darker than Fish and Chips that we have had at other restaurants. After tasting a bite, I was amazed. This was some of the best Fish and Chips I have ever tried....maybe even the best. The batter was so incredibly flavorful that I wanted to steal my Husbands meal. I used restraint and settled for two bites. I spoke with the chef and learned that they use a batter that is a combination of Bud Light and Guinness. Wait, what? Bud Light? I am normally very anti-Bud, but it really works well. We were beyond stuffed at this point. However, we wanted to try the bread pudding too. The Irish 31 Bread Pudding comes out warm and crispy. It is sprinkled with cinnamon and topped with Baileys Creme Anglaise. It is heavenly. We planned on taking a bite or two each and taking the rest home. Yeah, that didn't happen. We cleared that bowl. A perfect ending to a delicious meal. I also have to take a second to mention the fantastic service. Irish 31 was aware that I would be reviewing the meal, but we sat at the bar surrounded by patrons. We could hear and see that everyone was receiving the same fantastic service. My Husband's words as we left summed up our experience, "I have a new favorite Tampa restaurant".  If you are in the Tampa area, make sure you stop in and try Irish 31. You won't regret it.
Nice-looking place. Food and beverages are pretty good, and it's incredibly dog friendly. This place would be very good and maybe one of my favorites  if they could speed it up a little. It took over an hour to get our food with no one updating us. We finally went to ask, and they responded with "the kitchen is slammed."  Meanwhile, everyone around us was getting their food. This place could be great but the service was soooo slow. However, the manager on duty came out and comped our entire meal. This experience ironically became the epitome of service recovery, and I have yet to experience this exemplary gesture in any neighboring restaurant in South Tampa when service was bad. Even a couple at the table next to us, who sensed our frustration, told us that this bad experience we had was not the norm. What a turn around for this experience...they saved the experience for us, and we will definitely be back.
I like the place, I just think their highlight is their happy hour. The was ok and so was the service. The location to Howard Ave just makes it more enticing to head their instead.
Nice looking place and even better looking people. While I'm not sure where the Irish in Irish 31 comes from, I still like this place. This bar has great appetizers, a great drink selection and a laid back and friendly vibe to it. The neighborhood it's in is great and lends itself to taking a walk after and while street parking is somewhere between hard and impossible, there's a nice parking garage that's extremely close. The crowd here is a little older than what you'd find on SOHO and the dress is more casual but the food, atmosphere and drinks are far better, in my opinion.
I am huge fan of Irish 31 for a multitude of reasons: 1.) It is less than a mile away from my home. 2.) They have a great variety of delicious menu items 3.) Consistently great service 4.) Excellent live music 5.) Lots of TVs to watch sporting events 6.) It is right next door to Cinebistro 7.) It is far away enough from the Soho douchebaggery 8.) Great drink specials! 9.) Did I mention it was less than a mile from where I live? Irish 31 is definitely one of my favorite bars! It is a great bar to pop in and out of if you need a quick meal/snack/drink. I was here a couple weekends ago to meet a friend from out of town for an impromptu drink. Ok, I kid...he wasn't really from out of town, he was from Land O' Lakes haha. JUST KIDDING Pasco County peeps! We sat at the bar and our bartender's name was Jackie. I immediately fell in love with her because she was a Miami Heat fan. She was very friendly, always smiling, and a pleasure to talk to. I ordered the Soup and Salad Combo and started with the Mulligan Stew. For those that don't me, I am a soup whore. I will eat soup on the hottest of days! I love this stew because it is very hearty and and filling. The soup had most of the ingredients from your standard vegetable soup, but it also contained lots of ground beef! So good! You only have two salad choices for the combo: a mixed baby green salad or a Caesar salad. I chose the Caesar Salad. It was your typical Caesar - Romaine lettuce, Parmesan Cheese, Croutons, tossed with their Caesar dressing. The lettuce was crisp and portion size was just perfect. ----- I met a date here last night prior to seeing a movie at Cinebistro. The place was somewhat crowded, but we were able to grab a table in the corner. Jill, our server, was a joy to deal with and very attentive. It was National Martini Day so it was a moral imperative I celebrate! I started with a refreshing Tangerine Martini and finished with a Raspberry Martini. I ordered the Andrew Salad which was made of Romaine lettuce, Black Forest Ham, Shredded White Cheddar cheese, egg, croutons, and fresh Avocado tossed with Irish 31's homemade Emerald Island dressing. It was delicious, especially with the combination of the ham and avocado. The portion was huge! I wasn't able to finish it, and I was disappointed I was not able to take the rest of it home for leftovers. My date ordered the Gyro Flatbread - grilled pita flatbread topped with Tzatziki Sauce, shredded Romaine lettuce, diced tomatoes and red onions. I was disappointed because I thought the flatbread was cooked with actual "gyro meat" and apparently didn't read the menu too well. In addition, I am not a fan of tomatoes or onions. Most of the other appetizers I have enjoyed here are quite tasty, with the exception of the Potato Pub Skins. I like my Potato Skins crispy, and the last two times I have ordered them, they unfortunately were not crispy enough. One of the original appetizers they serve are their boxtys. Boxtys are mashed potatoes rolled up, breaded, lightly fried, and then baked. The best part of the boxtys is the filling which is rolled into the Boxty! There are several choices for your filling: Shepard's Pie, Corned Beef and Cabbage, Velveeta Cheese, bacon and chives, and also, one with Velveeta Cheese and ham. I have had all the boxtys with the exception of the Corned Beef and Cabbage. I recommend definitely trying them if you want something different. After all, who doesn't want a ball of carbs rolled, fried, with a little "something something" in the middle! Would I come back? Of course...not even a question! I am here at least two times a month or more. They are also dog friendly here and the patio is great to sit and listen to the musicians that normal perform here on most nights.
During a recent weekend evening in Hyde Park Village I stopped for a beer at Irish 31 before walking next door to see a late-night showing of Xmen at Cinebistro. The pub was busy but not packed to the rafters, and it was nice to be able to sit at their bar and chat with the friendly bartenders. This pub is clean and well-furnished with lots of flat screen TV's and Irish memorabilia on the walls. The "feel" of this pub is much more like James Joyce or The Pub at International Plaza, and less like MacDinton's. I would describe Irish 31 as classy and cozy versus a giant drunken frat party. The crowd at this location is generally made up of groups of nice people kicking back for some food and drinks, but during Spring Break this place can be filled with some real chest-thumping, d-bag winners. Thankfully that's only a few weeks out of the year, and the rest of the time you can enjoy a relaxed evening while sitting on the patio or inside at the bar. I've never eaten at this Irish 31, though I hear the food is good. t have eaten wings and burgers at their sister location in Westchase, and enjoyed my meals. I'm told they have a great Sunday brunch menu and drink specials, so that's on my radar screen for a future trip. I like the fact that there is a free parking garage directly across the street from Irish 31, and that this bar is right next door to one of my preferred movie theaters. The next time that you're headed to Hyde Park Village, park your car at the free garage along Swann Avenue and then get out and enjoy the neighborhood. Irish 31 is a great place to sit outside on the patio and sip a beer as you people watch.
I've been to Irish 31 on a number of occasions now and while it is not one of my favorite Irish Pubs it is a great place to meet friends for a drink. The food I have had there has been very good as well, definitely a solid level above pub food. I did one of their Wednesday "Run Club" 5K nights and while the running course was not that great the food afterwards was superb! Overall I enjoy going there and would certainly recommend it.
Had a few beers outside on a gorgeous afternoon. The outdoor seating is great and the massive projection screen makes for a cool place to grab a drink and some food and relax in a very nice area of Tampa. Can't go wrong at Irish 31.
I am not sure why it took us so long to try this place. We really enjoyed it! They have a great space with mostly outdoor seating. I feel like they may be trying to market themselves as more of a bar then a restaurant, but we were here for dinner and they have a full menu, and the food is really good. We split a bunch of apps, including the Boxty! This was my first experience with Boxty and it is delicious. Highly recommend. We left around9, and it was starting to become more of a bar around that time, with live music and more of a standing room crowd. I would come back once I am not pregnant to try the beer selection or watch a game. They have plenty of TVs.
Go to the bar for your drinks. The waiting staff is unorganized.  I had 4 separate servers at my table didn't even know who my actual server was.  Very inexperienced staff and not trained properly.
Cute spot that can get a little hairy in Friday and Saturday nights. Recommend coming here on a Sunday afternoon to take part in their bloody bar, and mimosa and screw driver specials. The POT PIE BITES are an absolute must try!!! So so good. For a nice fresh salad I like the Mediterranean salad and my boyfriend really enjoyed the blue burger.
Location, outdoor seating and amount of TVs all playing sports is great but those are the only 3 reasons I go for the most part. The place was great when I moved here 2 years ago but I have noticed it go down hill. More often than none the waitresses are very rude and brash and you feel like you are inconveniencing them by being there. The food is good not great and definitely priced a tad on the high side. All in all it is a nice spot just don't have high expectations of it.
I had never been to Irish 31 until recently, even though I am in Hyde Park Village frequently. I made a stop here this week and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is pretty nice, not too loud but not really quiet either. There are always a lot of people at the bar. The food was pretty tasty and I really love the patio. I didn't get to try much on the menu but I'll be back for a second take on this one soon! I know they do a running club which sounds like a blast.
Be ready to fill up on drinks and air because by the time you get your food you'll either be dead or drunk. 1 hour wait for wings when the place is only half full? No thanks....that was my first, and last time there.
Overall, it's a four star experience! I don't think we've ever sat indoors for more than a drink while waiting, but the indoor area is nicely decorated and modern, while the patio is centered around a small elevated stage and beautiful trees covered in twinkle lights. Live music is often playing, there is a trivia night, and there is a night where a running club meets and drinks beer on the sidewalk on the Rome side afterward. It is a fun place that's never too dead or too packed.. just right! I am a fan of a lot of the music we stumble upon there - it's like Irish 31 and Dubliner have the same person scheduling their musical acts. Aside from music, sports is always on the mounted TVs, so no worries, gents. I love coming here to enjoy beer, sitting outside with the dog, and some light fare - the food is good but not my favorite. I like a few of the apps - the mashed potato balls, moxies maybe? are tasty but I can't say much else has left a big impression. Overall, it's a great place to walk up to on a weeknight or Sunday afternoon.
I went to Irish 31 for a quick lunch with my hubby. We sat inside at a table by the window, close to the bar. The atmosphere was pretty young and cozy, there were multiple screens playing sport channels.  I opted for something light - the grilled chicken and hummus wrap. It was decent, but not mind-blowing. My husband got the Ruben and he really enjoyed it. They were both served with potato chips. I would probably go back in the evening and try something different on the menu and a draft beer. Overall it seems like a cool place to go to at night time. The service was good.
$12 for a Ribeye sandwich that comes with potato chips.  The sandwich was about 4-5 inches long with a little bit of meat and onions on it.  It was bland and forgettable.  I think i enjoyed the potato chips more. The prices are too ambitious considering we're talking about pub food here. Service was fine.
Thought outside of the box for our Sunday football fun day routine and thought I would try something different for lunch. Great ambiance and service, but I ordered at the start of the 1:00 games, and alas it is now halftime and my food is nowhere to be found. The service has been fine and friendly, but no beer or bucket specials on a Sunday football afternoon is also a reason not to come back. It's a shame because this place has great potential. But I'm going to be leaving here hungry and would advise changes to be made before I patronize again.
I'm Italian, so it's very hard for me to step into an Irish pub, let alone speak to an Irish person or even make eye contact with one of 'them' for that matter. I once found out a girlfriend was 1/64th Irish... I left her for her half sister who was 1/128th Irish (which doesn't count). All joking aside. This place is pretty sweet. VERY comfortable, cozy and warm. I've seen it very busy driving by, so I can't comment what it's like packed, but we were there on a Monday night and it was slow (it was 930), so it was great. The menu has a lot to pick from as far as 'Irish pubs' are concerned and the food is priced dirt cheap. $22 bucks with a glass of wine and we both went home satisfied. Waitress was super nice as well and the place was clean. I've only been there once but it's my new favorite Irish Bar out of the 2 I've ever been to. ;)
Such a quaint little pub in a great location. Located right next door to Cinebistro and across the street from the free parking garage in Hyde Park, the clientele is a little more mature than SoHo. Nice ambiance with the choice of sitting indoors or out. We went on a Thursday night and had drinks after our dinner elsewhere. So, we can't speak for the food (promise to update if I eat there)! We ordered a couple cocktails and beers, and everything was satisfactory. Enjoyed my free Captain Morgan's Black brought to me by the promo girls. ;) Plenty of room here for a large group. They had live music on the patio, but it wasn't my idea of a good time. It was some old dude with a guitar crooning away. I think it could have been a Johnny Cash impersonator. Meh. I'll pass.
I live nearby and wanted to try this place out after passing by and seeing it packed after it opened. I went w/a buddy for lunch and was very impressed.  The waitresses and bartender were ALL very friendly (and attractive) and you can tell the manager must really emphasize customer service.  They have it down. I think the location is fantastic.  There's plenty of places on S. Howard but for Old Hyde Park, there really isn't a bar.  The Wine Exchange is fantastic but is a different type of experience.  I'm told the location for Irish 31 is where the Wine Exchange started out. I ordered a burger and for an extra $1, I got a really good salad.  I was really surprised that it did not have that crappy iceburg lettuce that most restaurants usually put in their salads.  The mixed greens and fresh cut vegetables were all fresh and it came with balsamic vinegar.  Right off the bat, this place was already a thumbs up. Then my burger came out.  I usually keep my burger intake down but today I really wanted one and this place did not disappoint.  It was so tastily unhealthy, yet completely satisfying. On the way out, got a few thank yous and come back again from the waitresses and bartender.  I will definitely be back here again, maybe tomorrow for some college football. Addendum 02.14.12:   I went here again w/a date and have a food update.  We split a plate of nachos and a vegetarian sandwich.  The sandwich had grilled vegetables, including a portobello mushroom.  Other than the vegetables being a little greasy, it was very tasty.   On the other hand, the nachos were made out of potato chips and had "pub cheese".  The pub cheese is that non-cheese, grainy mucousy, cheese whiz cr@p.  I'm assuming it was out of a can and it wasn't even that warm.  I would never get this again.  It was the worst.   The grilled veggie sandwich was outstanding.  The nachos sucked.
I stopped in after the last Hyde Park Music Series event. The place was packed and they had great live music going on out on the patio. The burger I had was great and yes I would've ordered some fish & chips, but those aren't on the menu. The burger was great and the chips that came with it were excellent. They could've used some seasoning, but hey no problem. Another thing that blew my mind...was a bar with IRISH in the name, only had one cider...and that cider - Woodchuck. Not Magner's...Not Strongbow...but Woodchuck. LAME. I mean it's a IRISH bar folks. Ok, at least they have one cider, but it kind of showed me where the owners are coming from. The bathroom at this place is pretty nice. It was even kept nice on the super busy night I was there. The sink is actually really cool looking, but you do have to touch it to turn it on and off...probably not the best idea at a bar LOL. If you want to watch a game...this place has more TV's per sq foot than anyplace I've seen in Tampa. Nice work there. Will I come back...? I'm sure I'll be back. I'd give them another chance, plus it's a much needed place in Hyde Park.
I went to Irish 31 with my wife to watch the Gators. There were tons of TVs, so seeing the game was not a problem. We initially wanted to sit outside as it wasn't too hot that day, but the booths/benches are kind of odd. They swing out from the table, and it was kind of rickety, so we went inside. No big deal. There were other types of tables outside but a bunch of people were already using them. The inside is small but comfortable. Three things make me happy about an Irish pub. 1) If they have Smithwicks 2) If they know it is pronounced "Smitticks" and not "Smithwicks" 3) If they have Boxtys A fair amount of pubs have Smithwicks, but I've only been to one other Irish pub in Florida (in Destin) that has boxtys. There might be others, but I haven't seen them. Boxtys are an Irish traditional food made from breaded and deep fried mashed potato (usually leftover) and often served with sauces like horseradish, marinara, or whatever. So needless to say, I saw boxtys on the menu, and promptly ordered them. They were a little larger than others I have had, which made them a little mushier, but still they were AWESOME. There's an Irish saying for women that goes like this: "Boxtys on the griddle, boxtys in the pan, if you can't make a boxty, you'll never keep a man." This is turning into a recitation about my love for boxtys. Anyway, back to Irish 31... I also ordered the Grilled Portobello sandwich, which was good, nothing special, but perfectly fine. The server was super busy because it was packed, but she made sure to check on us frequently. We were there for a long time watching the game, and she made sure our glasses were filled and our plates were cleared. Overall, Irish 31 is an American style Irish pub, perfect for happy hour or watching football. The food is good and you have to get the boxtys if you go. I also like the location on Swann, in Hyde Park, right across from the free parking garage.
Been waiting for this place to open, and now am glad they're here. Hyde Park Village needs a rebirth, and this looks like a great start. There's an indoor and outdoor area, but plenty of TV's inside to watch multiple games at once. Has a bit of an old Irish pub feel, but also has plenty of great food options, which is normally the bane of similar places. I was nursing a long night of drinking the night before and had a long day of tailgating ahead of me, so I didn't get to test the booze, but it is a full bar so I look forward to eventually testing the talents of the bar staff. Also heard they're doing a Sunday Brunch, but my raging college football hangover prevented me from trying that out today. They're still somewhat working out the kinks on service, but I had a delicious bleu cheese burger, and also got to try some really good wings. They were ordered mild, but still had a bit of spice to them, so be aware if you go for hot or more. Full disclosure: the owner is Jay Mize, who's a former USF Football player, and thus a fine and wonderful human being for that alone. But he's got a winner of a restaurant in a great location, and can hopefully start to begin a bit of a renaissance in the area.
Super cute Irish pub located in Hyde Park. Love the location and there is a free parking garage right across the street! So much better than dealing with parking in SoHo. They have good happy hour specials and drink specials. Tends to draw an older version of the SoHo crowd. Came here once on a Friday night and then again on a Tuesday night for the Hyde Park Dish Crawl. When I came on the Friday night, even though it was after happy hour, they still had certain drinks that were on special (I believe a bottle of Yeungling Light was $3.10, and they had a few liquor specials, as well). On the Tuesday night, I came during happy hour and during happy hour, they have $3.10 domestic drafts, 2-4-1 house wines, $6 Ketel One and some other nice specials. The food that Irish 31 served during the Dish Crawl was phenomenal -- I particularly enjoyed the shrimp and grits, however they also served a boxty (potato fritter) with a delicious creamy sauce and a mini chicken pot pie with a puff pasty, both of which were also fantastic. They had live music out on the patio, as well, this night and I think they frequently have live music at night, as well. In summary: great food, good drink specials, not overly crowded, nice ambiance and live music! Can't really beat that!
I have been to this place all the ways that you can go. What do I mean by that? I mean I have been there for happy hour, dinner, and late night. The atmosphere is great. There are plenty of TVs so it's ideal if there is a game that you want to keep your eye on. Its Irish but chic! What I really like about it is the crowd. It's a refreshing place to go for a drink as a young professional since Howard tends to be crawling with college students, people who still wish they were college students and people who want to hit on college students. For dinner I recommend the boxty appetizer if you're willing to pay for it in the gym later. This appetizer is delicious in only the way a fried ball of mashed potatoes can be. It comes with 3 fist sized balls of mashed potatoes that are panko breaded and fried. The manager told his that he had these in a pub in Boston and new he had to bring them here. I think the mashed potatoes could be a little more flavorful but I tend to be a potato snob. These are definitely worth a try (especially after a night of drinking).  My brother had a burger that he said was cooked to perfection. I shared the sheperd's pie with his girlfriend and we both gave it a thumbs. I could eat the ground beef filling on a chip! It was way to much food for us but that may have been the boxty appetizer. Monday nights they have a business happy hour. There is live music and 2 raffles, one for cash and one for booze. The drink specials weren't really memorable. I think it was like $4 wells and $3.50 beers. It was a lot of fun though. As I said earlier, if you are a young professional that isn't looking to wake up in a pool of your own vomit on a Tuesday morning then you will enjoy coming here. I would say the typical crowd is in the 25-35 age range. The music was actually really good and even with a packed crowd the service was great. I hope that Jay Mize has something going here. I would love to see a Hyde Park revival. Tampa has a major gap for the young professional crowd that Hyde Park is perfectly suited to fill. There a couple of reasons give the Irish 5 stars. First, that the outside tables that have the swing stools are really uncomfortable so if you can find other seating, grab it! Next, the prices are too high for me to make it a regular spot. And most importantly, the wine list is lacking. I'm sure they thought that they are an Irish pub and they need beer and whiskey but this isn't Ireland. It's South Tampa and people are serious about their wine here. The manager explain to us that they were working to expand the list when I was there about 2 months ago so hopefully this has already been taken care of.
Stopped by Irish 31 on a Friday night around 7pm.  Great live music was playing and the patio was PACKED!  We managed to grab a half booth inside... a little bit of a squeeze for three girls, but we made it work. The location of Irish 31 is great.  The restaurant/bar is in Hyde Park, across the street from the parking garage and next door to my favorite movie theater.  The decor inside is nice and modern with flat screen TVs and a touch of an Irish pub feel.   Great drink selection.  I ordered a dirty martini with Kettle One Vodka. I wish that our waitress mentioned that the XXX was the same drink, but with blue cheese stuffed olives. I love blue cheese stuffed olives and would have preferred that cocktail had I seen it on the menu.  My sister got the Hyde Park Cosmo and loved it, although she said it didn't taste like a Cosmo.  I tried it and it almost tasted like a whiskey sour, but it was good.  Most of the bottled beers are domestic.  There are a few interesting bottled beers such as Cigar City Jai Alai, Left Hand Brewery Milk Stout, and Yuengling.  The draft selection is a little more impressive. Because we were overcrowded at our table we didn't order any food, but I will on my next visit.  The menu looked good and offered typical Irish and bar food such as potato skins, burgers, and shepherds pie.  The onion rings at the table next to us looked and smelled awesome. My one gripe was that our waitress ditched us for 25 minutes.  We were trying to get our check and leave, but instead we were held hostage at our table.  She did have a big party, but she could have had one of the other waitresses check on us.  Finally I asked another waitress for our check so we could pay and leave. Overall, great experience and will be back. Will come back on the weekend to try the brunch menu.
I don't care how good the food was, 2 hours for food is ridiculous. One person in our party waited this long and they messed up her order and brought out this salad with no chicken and tomatoes when she clearly stated she didn't want any tomatoes (chicken was supposed to be there too). Server lady came back out with chicken on the salad the second time but still tomatoes. Girl, is you crazy? I would never come back here, it seems like management is lacking and the server didn't know what she was doing. I recommend looking elsewhere for a place to eat / drink.
The food is alright. The drinks are made properly, just nothing special. We were there in the evening to have an event meeting and sat outside. The area was not very clean, tables wobbly and the band was quite loud to even have a normal conversation. It probably would have been much better if it was just a casual gathering for drinks.
Irish 31 is a great place for happy hour or drinks after work. They have a great outside patio and usually have some decent live music. The service is usually pretty good, and the atmosphere is fun. I've had the chips and cheese appetizer before, and a pretty good salad, but otherwise, I haven't eaten there much. The best part is that it is far enough away from SOHO that you don't get as much of the colleg age kids. It's a lot more of the young professionals than a crazy party spot. There are a ton of tvs too, so catching the game is always easy. They have a run club on Wednesday nights that has really grown a lot. It's a pretty fun place to go, whether you can run 1 mile or 5 miles.
Irish 31 seems to be either extremely crowded or basically empty as I drive by it all the time on my way to and from the LA Fitness in Hyde Park. I've stopped in twice and was very comfortable each time because it was basically empty on my visits. The constant drink specials make this more of a place to imbibe than dine, as I've found the menu to be average and perhaps a bit overpriced. The service is friendly and efficient, so I'll be back again for drinks...but probably not to eat anything more than an appetizer.
Overall it's a good sport bar to hang out with friends. Service is good but a bit slow. food is however not the best. The macho nachos are not recommended! We tried to give them a chance with the dessert but disappointing lava cake with no ice cream.
Hands-down, one of the best atmospheres and crowds in Tampa. They did a good job with their beer menu, and have really improved service since they first opened. That said, their menu still needs work. There's a few half-decent options like the chicken flatbreads and hummus, but not a lot of great small dishes/appetizers. And very little for healthier fare.
I had some time to kill so I popped in for a quick beer.  The inside was smaller than I expected but was nicely set up.  I bellied up to the bar where the service was fast and friendly.  Nice atmosphere.  I didn't have time to try any of the food but the menu was diverse and I did over hear the customer next to me say how delicious her sandwich was.  I look forward to going back and trying some food.
Grabbed 3 seats at the outside part of the bar for Sunday brunch. Both the patio and inside areas were about half full but service was still prompt. Musician was playing guitar outside and sounded pretty good. Some good standard "pub" beers on draft here... Stella, Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp. They have their own beer called Irish 31 (go figure) and it's not too bad. It's similar to a red ale. Our meal consisted of fish & chips, bangers & boxty, and an Irish 31 burger. Everything came out exactly as requested and piping hot. Fish & chips were good. Standard really, but that's nothing to complain about. The boxty was the winner for the day, a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes. It went very well with the sauteed mushrooms on the plate and the bangers. The burger (with bacon) was great as well. Upgraded to fries instead of chips and they were just right. Service was very courteous and prompt. Near empty drinks were filled quickly and they kept taking care of us even as we sat around to catch up over a few extra pints afterwards. When the weather is nice, this is definitely the place to be. Glad to see a new restaurant that appears to be doing well in the area.
We have eaten here several times before and always enjoyed it. Today was a different story. Orchard salad with pecans and apples totally destroyed by drowning it in dressing, congealed instant mashed potatoes, fried pickles were.... i mean really, how can you mess up fried pickles? They were gross. Mother's Day Mimosas tasted like they were made with Tang. The kitchen staff really needs some lessons on making appetizing food. That was the worst I've had in a while, and with a tab of $80+ for 3 people? We wont be back.
Bad service, burnt food 2x) and cold fries. Its a pub that shouldn't be serving food.
Came here for a work lunch today.  Very cool decor & good choice of items on the menu.  This place has a really nice outside patio where you can sit to grab a bite or drink with your furry friends, which I love!  Will definitely come back in the evening to sample some of the beers on draft.  My only negative was that I wasn't that impressed with the beer choices on draft, but not a huge deal!!
Love this place! We live around the corner and it's awesome! The live music is always great but last time it was awesome! We never see female solo artists! Love AJ! If anyone knows how to find her please reply post! The staff are warm and nice. We love the appetizers! You can't go wrong. Parking is easy right across the street! Planning on going there tonight for the game :)
Great place and Sara, Shannon or Susan is a fantastic bartender!
Our service was awful! My girlfriend and I sat at the bar and ordered two drinks and two appetizers Sunday evening. The bartender was barely polite, un-attentive, and allowed us to wait an entire 45 minutes (the time at which we just asked for our check) before going back to the kitchen to ask where our food was. She returned to tell us there were four tickets in front of ours, although I watched several customers seat and receive food while we waited. In the end, we skipped the food and have no plans of returning.
I visited Irish 31 on the Dishcrawl Hyde Park tour. As the first stop, I had high hopes for Irish 31 and whether we all meant it to or not, our experience at Irish 31 could make or break our experience of the whole evening. Luckily, Irish 31 was great! We tried samples of the Shrimp and Grits, Chicken Pot Pie and Fried Mashed Potato Ball. Great flavors and presentation.
