A friend reserved a booth for 10 pm on a Saturday night about a week in advance. What a cool, trendy, fun spot! We show up, valet the car, walk up the sidewalk and cannot even tell where it is, except by these very dim gas-lit orange lights on either side of a very cool door.  When you get there, you must have the password when they open the small face-height window to get in, they will open the door for you and you are immediately in the mix in the bar area.  Thank goodness we had a booth.  We stuck 8 of us in there very comfortably, ordered some very interesting drinks - we tried all kinds of interesting concoctions - I had a Jack Rose and drank them all night.  We also were excited with quite the presentation when one in the party ordered the Supreme Absinthe. Our server, Patrick, was very well versed and knowledgeable about the process of creating the drinks and even making their ice balls. This is a great place to celebrate anything!  A great spot for a romantic, private date or a party with a group!  Love it!
1. This place is about the experience! Go with a group and stay for a while, but don't plan on gettin trashed unless you've got the cash to blow. 2. The price. It's well priced for the quality. Not cheap but you get what you pay for. Their drinks aren't short on booze either. 3. Food: many fish options (good if you like fish, not so good if you don't). The chicken and waffle sliders are AMAZING! And the truffle butter popcorn is really good and decadent. Their food are high quality tapas/bar bites. Don't expect dinner. 4. Staff: waiters are knowledgeable and helpful in choosing cocktails and bartenders are clearly experienced as every dink we had was great! 5. Ambiance: it's really dark but that's the mystique. It's supposed to be like stepping back in time, back when you had to hide when drinking (Prohibition era). It's a very sexy atmosphere.
I have been meaning to go to this spot for a while and I finally went last night! It's a speakeasy located in a dark isolated area. Has valet for $5. Before you go you have to call for reservations. The day of your reservations they will call and give you a password that you will need to enter. As we valeted the car we had to walk in this dark walkway and go up the stairs to knock on a wooden door. After you knock they open a small window and you have to give them the password of the day in order to be let inside. When you walk in the place is dark and has a large fish tank in the middle. The place is small and most tables have booths with clear curtains. My party was large so we had the center booth right by the bar. The ambiance is very chill. You feel sophisticated just being there and they play jazz type of music. The service was slow. We had to wait more than 5 minutes just to get drinks. That's a long time considering it didn't look busy. Also we ordered two orders of duck fries but one never came. We ended up canceling it. The waitress was nice but slow. The drinks are on point! They are super strong. I would recommend the Russian drink. Delicious! I also tried the Hemingway daiquiri it was too strong for me but someone else may like it. My other drink I had tasted exactly like key lime pie but very strong. If you love key lime pie you have to try! I didn't order food except the hummus platter which was delicious. Their bathrooms are disgusting they need to work on that. Maybe they were having a bad night I don't know. Side note they charge gratuity but that could be because I had a party of 8. Overall it's a great speakeasy from the prohibition era inspired decor and drinks. I will definitely come here to drink and relax but I wouldn't really come here for food. Their selection is small especially if you're vegan/vegetarian.
Great experience, nice atmosphere, really good food, and drinks.  Duck fat fries were awesome. A must try.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant especially for late night dinner.
Loved this place! If you don't know where it is, Im sorry that I cannot divulge in this medium. It's a speakeasy. I cannot speak of the location. However, if you've lucked upon the location and current password, and thinking you might want to check it out....do it. Excellent cocktails, perfect service, and good food stuffs. There are little snugs for romancing your sweetie or for gathering comrades for organizing your impending poetic revolution. Enjoy this place if you can get past the doorkeep. Don't tell anyone how you got there.
This place is awesome. It's a speak easy bar. Oh so before anything:call ahead or use open table app to make a reservation, they'll call you back with a password. This place is really something to experience. Esp for a date/romantic occasion. The drinks are amazing,fresh ingredients,the place is dim lit so it has a super romantic/ laid back feel. The girls are really nice and super attentive. 10/10
I've had this place bookmarked for close to a year, it was time to get it off my bucket list. I made reservations two weeks ago (directly through their Yelp page, which was convenient) for a party of four. I know others have mentioned much of what I'm going to say, but assuming you haven't read any of the other reviews, here it goes: the day of your reservation, you will receive a phone call from Ciro's. They will tell you a few things that you need to know, one of which is the password to get in. They will also tell you it's located off of Bayshore in a condominium building, but the valet entrance is off of Howard. There is a dress code, men must have collared shirts, no flip flops, and no shorts. The valet entrance was easy enough to find, as you're heading down Howard towards Bayshore, it's the last parking lot on the left. $5 to park, but you may want to tip the valet an additional amount as you get out and give him a little knowing wink so he doesn't scratch up your vehicle, that's just my philosophy. As you get out of your car, you will see a gate to your right, there was a security guard holding it open for us. You take the little trail around the pool, and the door is pretty obvious. I knocked on the door, and the small sliding window opened and they asked for the password. I briefly thought about saying "New England Clam Chowder", but I'm sure they've heard that one about a million times, so I just gave them the proper password. The door opens outwards towards you, so take a step back. Once inside, you're immediately embraced by darkness. There are some candles, and a lighted fish tank, but other than that, it's just really dark. Our private booth wasn't available yet, so we sat at a table by the bar while we waited. We started off with some drinks. I went with the Absinthe, which was pretty cool because they do the entire fire/sugar cube ritual at your table. My wife went with a rum julep, which she found very tasty. The couple that dined with us had a Mint Julep and an Aviation, everyone was very pleased with their beverages. For my second drink I had an Old Fashioned which consisted of Michters Unblended, Sugar, Bitters, and Water, it was so good I made it my third drink as well. Once we made it to our private booth, the lighting was a bit better. We were surrounded by sheer curtains, and there's a few little tables in there, kind of like eating with TV trays. We started off with the Black Truffle Popcorn and the Duck Fries. Great Odin's beard, those two appetizers alone are worth the trip. They are as good as everyone says, they definitely live up to the hype. For my main course I ordered the Rosemary Grilled Lamb, the wife ordered the Smoked Duck Breast (which she let me try). The couple with us ordered the Dynamite Scallops and the Chicken and Waffles. Although no one could say that their dish was the absolute best they ever had, we all ranked everything pretty highly. For dessert we ordered the Valrhona Choclate Fondue which came with fruit, berries, and churros. I'm not much for sweets, but those churros dipped in chocolate were friggin' amazing. On to the reason that this place gets four stars instead of five. We had a reservation two weeks in advance for 7 pm, but we didn't get seated in our private booth until 8 pm. The waitress and hostess came over a couple times to apologize that the group sitting there wouldn't leave and they were trying to get them out. I know they were put in a bad spot, because it's kind of hard to kick someone out that just spent money at your establishment, but they do say there is a "strict two hour limit" for the booths. Well, I'm going to need you to enforce that going forward if we're going to stay friends. It's like a cashier in the ten items or less lane not saying anything when someone brings a cart full of 60 items and starts unloading it (I'm always the guy directly behind with one item in my hand when this happens). Then said person always writes a check... Even with that service glitch, I still debated on whether or not to give this place a five, it's that good and different. Although not sure if I would come back for another full meal as I feel I've experienced that pretty completely, I would without a doubt return for drinks and appetizers. This is a place you simply must go to at least once in your life, I highly recommend it.
I am huge fan of Ciro's - the cocktails and the food are consistently great here. The unique ambiance is an added bonus of this bar. We had reservations at 10:30 but got to Ciro's about 15 minutes early, so we went to the bar to order some cocktails. The place was packed! Elizabeth, the hostess was a pleasure to talk to and was very friendly. Our table was ready not too long after we ordered our drinks, and our server Katie was able to close our tab at the bar for us. Katie, was also a pleasure to deal with, despite the craziness of a Friday night. We started off with a Bramble (gin, sugar, lemon, blackberry, and house-made Creme de Mure) and a Moscow Mule (Zyr, lime, and house-made Ginger Beer). The Bramble had a little too much ice in the drink for me, but I managed to finish it off. The Moscow Mule was made perfectly and very refreshing. We had just finished dining on appetizers down the road at Seven 17 but needed something to munch on, so, we ordered the Black Truffled Popcorn. Holy popcorn! I could not shove it in my mouth quick enough it was so good! We ended the night with a Sloe and Loe and a Corn Fed Peach Sour, which was more than appropriate because my date is from Illinois...haha. The Sloe and Loe was another mountain of ice made with Plymouth Gin, Sloe Gin, and a mixture of blackberry and raspberry...sound familiar? The Corn Fed Peach Sour was made of Corn "Moonshine" Whiskey, Peach, Honey, Lemon, and Blueberry foam. The Corn Fed was so good that my date was able to order another one while I struggled "sloe-ly" to drink from another gargantuan mountain of ice. Needless to say, I was jealous and will order a different cocktail our next visit. Despite the craziness of a Friday night, we had a great time here and will definitely return sooner than later. I highly recommend this place for a unique experience in the Hyde Park area. Keep in mind that valet parking is $5 and there is a dress code, as well.
We decided to try out Ciro's for a celebratory dinner and were very impressed!  We made reservations a couple weeks in advance and were called that day with the password.  When we got there, we were pleased to see that we were given one of the private booths with the curtains. We tried out 2 cocktails a piece:  I had the Sloe and Loe and the Corn Fed Peach Sour.  Both were different than any cocktail I've had, but really good.  My husband is a whiskey dude, so he had 2 whiskey drinks.  They were not my taste but he really enjoyed them. Onto the food.  First, the Escargots.  So, I love snails.  They are one of my favorite foods.  These snails were wrapped in puff pastry and drizzled with olive oil and herbs.  OMG - so good.  We then went for the Duck Fat Fries.  You can probably guess how good those were.  Finally we went to the Duck Breast which came with pureed butternut squash, brussel sprouts, and apples.  The Duck Breast dish was my favorite of all. Our waitress was so attentive and it was cool to feel like we were in our own private dining area.  I get to come back later this week on a work dinner and am looking forward to trying other items on the extensive menu!
Really enjoyed this place! I do love the feel of a speakeasy and it's pretty unique in Tampa. It made me miss my neighborhood speakeasy in Philly and NYC. Make sure you make a reservation and get the daily password to enter. The service was excellent, drinks were good, and the food was great too. Love the deep plush sofas to sit on. A great place to hang out with a small group.
celebrated my birthday and we had the private lounge it was amazing. the ambiance was perfect. location is perfect and its worth the $$$$ for the drinks and food.
Super cool place. Intimate is what I would pick if I had to use one word to describe it. The speakeasy part is kind of fun, but not a true speakeasy. There's a sign on Howard with a $5 valet sign.  :-) There is a password required for entry, which they will call you with the day of your reservation. You'll enter the beautiful wooden door at the bottom of an apartment or condo building. Eyes take some time to adjust to the darkness and you'll be hit with a musty basement smell. We were taken to a dark, cozy booth with a sheer, closed curtain. It's almost like a private little room. Our booth was for four, but between the two of us there was just enough room for our food and drinks, so I would recommend you ask for the larger booths if you're more than two and plan to eat. Speaking of eating, the truffle popcorn is as good as everyone says. If you're a fan of truffle, this is a great way to get your fix. The crab martini was fresh and fantastic, and the cheese fondue without mushrooms was perfect. Our server was very young but gave the impression he knew more about liquor and beverages than an old bartender. He was helpful with picking out a drink from their interesting menu and gave a nice presentation when serving our absinthe. Our food came out quickly, but our drinks arrived slow. There was also a bizarre situation. We're having an intimate evening and another employee enters, doesn't introduce herself, then she completely ignores me. It was odd. We were confused. Overall, it's an experience and a nice romantic spot or a great pre-party place. The bar was pretty lively. I'd come back there if not on a date. Check out the menu before you arrive if you like to study beforehand.
Wow. The atmospshere. The drinks. The popcorn!! If you are looking for a romantic, intimate experience, you need to go to Ciro's.
i travel round the world and found Ciro's Speaksy Super Club and drank good drinks and meal. I enjoy duckfat fries and a drink I cannot remember. I had good time. Open late and very dark. Service is perfect. Thank you.
This the place to come for excellent and creative cocktails. You can still definitely order a more simple drink like a vodka soda or something, but I don't know why you would with such an amazing list of carefully thought out concoctions. The drinks a pricey, but I think that's completely appropriate given all of the effort that goes into each drink. Many are also made with higher quality liquors from what I could tell. The food was also tasty. We didn't really go for dinner, but couldn't resist trying a couple  of things. As other reviewers have said, the duck fat fries were truly amazing (and addicting). We tried the scallops as well, which were a little underwhelming compared with the caliber of the drinks and the fries. I can't wait to go back!!
Intimate, quiet atmosphere....Ciro's transforms your surroundings and takes you to the speakeasy's of the prohibition era. Private booths with see through curtains that are lit by candle light....they even boast light up menu's. Ciro's is the perfect place for a birthday, anniversary or proposal. The drinks are what they are famous for....mixed to perfection. We even tried the Absinthe with the full set up which was a fun birthday treat for my boyfriend. The truffle popcorn is a must try! The Strawberry Gentleman, The Mojito and Absinthe all are definitely worth the visit.
You haven't had quality drinks in Tampa if you haven't been here. This place has THE BEST baristas in Tampa and the BEST atmosphere as well. There's no place like it. They stick to the speakeasy feel and most waiters stick to character too! You have to call ahead, make a reservation and get a password! The experience starts from the minute you make the reservation... everything from knocking on the door with the password to sitting in your private booth and exploring the light-up menu ... EVERYTHING will be a memorable experience! Pro-Tip- GREAT DATE SPOT!
Wow. Pretty amazing experience. My girlfriend and I went there for my birthday and I was quite impressed. The restaurant is a tucked away gem off of Bayshore Blvd in an apartment building. When you get there using your gps make sure you drive around to the back of the building and look for the valet parking lot. When you walk up to the door it looks nothing like a restaurant. Its a huge wooden door with a small opening where the host as for a passoerd after you knock. They called us the day of to confirm reservation and give you your password. If they dont then make sure you call the same day and ask for password. When you walk in you find yourself in a really dark room with a bunch of private booths. The booth was really dark with a curtain that closes for privacy. Now to the order. I ordered the drink everyone talks about called the Bramble and my girlfriend a water (she is pregnant lol). The Bramble was actually pretty good! My second drink was a drink not on the menu called the Tryst which is a cucumber flavored drink. Since it is a tapas restaurant we started with the duck fries then ordered the cheese fondue. The duck fries tasted like fries but the cheese fondue was great. We then ordered the chicken and waffles which was fantastic. Chicken was tender and waffle was crispy with just the right amoof syrup. My girlfriend ordered the chicken blt sliders which were also great. Overall it was amazing and I cannot wait to go back when my girlfriend can drink again lol.
An extremely cool place to put on your list to visit.  Cocktails were crafted perfectly!   Food was excellent but menu was not extensive.   We met 3 friends (5 of us total) and had various Tequila and rum cocktails.  I took numerous pictures and posted them.  The food was excellent.  We had cheese fondue, popcorn sliders, chicken and waffles and chocolate fondue.  I saw another table with shrimp and scallops as we were leaving and they looked terrific.  That will be for next time.  The atmosphere of this place is what really got me.   You need a password to get in like an old Speak Easy.  Men need collared shirts, no sneakers or shorts.  Very trendy.   We had an absolute blast! I have to thank Brett N. for his review as it intrigued us and we ended up going.  That's why Yelp is cool!   Find someone who's opinions you value, then go where they had a great time!
I just went here for the first time a few days ago. My boyfriend and I pulled up to the address and it was an apartment building. We were confused and started walking around the building looking for the entrence. Luckily, there was a woman sitting on a bench around back who told us where to go. We found the hidden door and rang the bell. The hostess opened up a peep hole and asked us for the password (which they had called and given us earlier that day). We were seated in a secluded booth separated from everything by sheer curtains. It was a really neat experience. It felt very secret and romantic. A great date spot. The food was a little pricey but it was delicious. We ordered caipirinhas, which were delicious and true to how they're made in Brasil! I was impressed. I will definitely be back and will recommend this place to friends!
This review is long over due. I came here for an early valentines day dinner with my boyfriend. This place is a hidden gem. Love that you have to call ahead and get a "password" to get in...it sets the tone. The drinks at the bar are great and the food is to die for! I am def going back.
I had an incredible evening here.  I was with friends and we sat around the bar and had some cocktails.   Very cool vibe with the big wooden door.  You knock, you need a password to get in.  (Just call ahead to get the password or be really nice at the door - you'll get in.)  You must look nice.  The place is dark and sexy.  Booths are covered with curtains and very private.  The wall around the end of the bar has candles recessed which was an awesome detail.   The drink menu is quite extensive and there's something for everyone.  Our bartender was Matt and he was top notch.  Friendly and made fantastic drinks.  Don't be afraid of anything - just go for it!  Also remember that these drinks must be crafted and built.  They do not just fly off the bar.  Have patience while you wait to order.   Not sure if this is regular - but there were free appetizers on the bar.  It was a nice touch.  We had just come from dinner - so we didn't try any.  But they smelled amazing!
This review was originally written 11/2012... Loved this place!  They nailed the decor and ambiance. Dark, chic, well lit and a really cool fish tank. Love that the staff dresses in period costume. We went on a Wednesday night and the place was quiet, we had great service.  Very attentive. Cocktails were delicious - you can really tell they spend time on making their drinks (they also tell you this!) and I imagine that the mixers are all made inhouse.
You gotta love the change of pace at a speakeasy. The "secret password" to the "dress code" to the "private booth" makes it fun to hang out there. The drinks were quite nice, although I cannot remember the name of any of them. The downside is, I felt the booth was not quite as clean as it could be, with a highly visible stain on the carpet, clear even with the dim lighting. Also, my perception was that it would be more private but instead was just as loud as any bar with only a sheer curtain between you an the next cubby. It just seemed really noisy and not quite the ambiance I was hoping for.
If you're ready to step into a time machine to the 1920's, Ciro's is your place. Just make sure you have the password! Ciro's is a prohibition-style speakeasy with top notch cocktails and an intimate setting. My party of 6 called ahead around 10pm to reserve a private booth. The next opening wasn't until 12:30 so make sure you call early to reserve a booth. When we arrived we were asked for the password (call to find out!) then shown to our booth. The cocktails are in the $12-15 range but are well worth it. I ordered an Old Fashion, others in my party ordered a Mai Tai and Mojito. Everyone in my group enjoyed their drinks and the charm of Ciro's tempted us to stay all night. The atmosphere at Ciro's is among the best in the Tampa bar scene. I would definitely return for a special occasion while in the Tampa area. The drinks are a bit pricey, but the awesome vibe justifies the prices.
Having an anniversary dinner. Great intimate place for couples! The cozy booths are very romantic. And the smooth jazzy music adds to the ambience. The food was fabulous! Drinks were innovative and spectacular! Melissa was our server and she was amazing! She was very knowledgable of the menu and history of speakeasies. We definitely enjoy ourselves! Will come back.
The coconut flip is a great starter drink and the absinthe supreme is not meant for light weights. The place is small and the noise level can be a bit high when crowded, and though the place is popular, there are times you can experience the place without the herds of people. You do need a password to get in. Reserve in advance for an intimate booth. Even if you don't reserve in advance the bartender are the best in the business and they can chat your troubles away.
A unique, intimate atmosphere that's perfect for a date night or small group. The dimly lit environment, cleanly dressed staff, and background music all sell the speakeasy vibe very well. The drinks are delicious and very creative. and this is the place to go if you want an absinthe cocktail.  I've never eaten an entree here, but the appetizers are phenomenal.  Get an order of the black truffle popcorn and the duck fat fries to share, as both are delicious.  The fondue was decent, although you can probably find better in the area if you've got a craving for it. I would strongly suggest that you make a reservation if you want to visit, as they rarely (if ever) take walk-ins based on my experience.  Plus the service can be a little slow, especially if they're packed (which they are a lot of the time). But overall, a great experience that you should try at least once.
I guess not really a secret this speakeasy has everything you want...I love to sit at the bar and watch them craft the cocktails. I've learned so much! This is THE sexiest spot in tampa with its curtained booths, dim lighting and yummy food. Run don't walk.
This place used to be amazing and delicious and a fun night. But there is a new chef there a few weeks ago, and the good is in edible. I could not take more than a bite of the new steak tartare and the staff was not at all concerned. The drinks are now watered down and not nearly as tasty. Very disappointing as this used to be my go-to place for a nice night, but I will not be returning. After I posted this review, I was contacted by management that my meal would be refunded and I would be sent gift certificates... After 4 months and several unreturned phone calls, I still have not received my refund or any gift cards. Do not go here!!!!!!
Pros: delicious drinks and interesting theme. Cons: customer service. I brought friends from out of town last night for a reservation made a week prior. My reservation was not taken properly and we were not able to sit at a table. After dealing with the very rude doorman, who must have thought that we were trying to weasel our way into getting a table, the GM said we should go to the bar, have a drink and he would come get us with the first available table. 2 hours later the GM hadn't even checked on us. Having come from a customer service and bar service background, I could not believe their level of apathy over a mistake on their end. In a town where almost any restraunt can provide you with a great drink and dish combination, we decided to head down the road to Ceviche, where we were met with only the kindest host, server, and bar staff. Ciro's may have been great once, but since an obvious wait and bar staff change within the last year, it's ability to warmly welcome customers through its doors is incredibly poor. I have never been so embarrassed in front of my friends, and was made to look like a sneaky jerk on top of that. I cannot say that I would recommend Ciro's to anyone unless real changes are made there. It's a pity, because the food and drinks are not bad at all. Just don't plan on quick, or polite service when you get there.
This place wasn't bad for a once in awhile spot.  Although, a weaker speakeasy experience comparatively to other cities, the drinks are amazing because they really take their timing making a good product. The food menu is very limited.  The duck fries and truffle popcorn are a good go to snack item.  Cheese place was mediocre for my palate. You have to make a reservation if you want a table or the personal areas in the back of the venue. I would highly suggest making this reservation. The seats at the bar although first come first serve are near impossible to get.   The bartenders are great but the other female staff members aren't as friendly. We had a relatively big group and were continuously being told to move to the side but there was truly no room.  In my opinion if there isn't any more room to have people come thru the door, they should state that up front instead of continuously yelling at them to move.  I guess it makes sense since the place is relatively small. Overall, a decent experience.  I'll definitely make a reservation if I go again.  I firmly believe it would make the experience way more pleasurable.
I am not writing this review after one visit. I've now been here at least 4 times. You go to Ciro's to have a great time and great drinks, you don't go to eat. After the thrill wears off, the food itself was so-so. I love the fries but other menu items didn't taste as good this last time and when I think back, the ambiance is so cool that you don't really notice the food. This place isn't cheap in any respect so I think that an improvement on the menu would be nice! I asked a chef friend and he noted that they use a lot of duck fat for their food. Maybe that's it? Go here if: You want to have a great time and go drinking with your girl friends. You want to pick up girls that can afford $10-20+ drinks. A fun new date, but don't sit in the booth, it's got a curtain and she may be weirded out. Don't go here if: You are with your parents. You are over 40.  You want to have a great meal. You want to be able to talk with out shouting. You are hard of seeing, it's really dark.
I love this place! Seriously, I love this place! You have to call ahead and make a reservation. When you make a reservation, they give you a password, which you use at the door just like a real speakeasy! When you drive up, go around back. It is very hidden (also like a real speakeasy). Once you are inside, you can order from the bar or go to a private room (assuming you have one reserved). The drinks are unique and many are true to prohibition era. As for the food... it's mostly appetizers. But everything we had was very good. Honestly, I don't think you could go wrong with anything in the menu. In short, Ciro's is a great experience. It's a real Tampa gem.
I rate these places under the headings of restaurant, eats, drinks, service and price. So skip to the section you want. Bottomline up front: While the food is awesome, don't go there for dinner. Go there to start the night with drinks. RESTAURANT: Good...cool...different. By now you get it, you make reservations you get a password and then you give it at the door. What I found unique was the location was out of the way, therefore completely word of mouth driven. That should give you some idea of what you're getting into. Once inside, nice, but cramped. Dimly light, but that was okay.  If you're on a date, you'll want a booth, call to reserve (as opposed to Open Table) about a week out. You won't regret it. We  didn't and got the high-back chairs/table, which in addition to being right by the bar (noise) and the door (light) weren't very comfortable.   Honestly the only real issue is the bathroom situation. While the toilets themselves are fine, you have to walk through a dingy hallway, which was kind of a buzz-kill. Overall B+. EATS: Nice...great...but just not a lot. We went for dinner and drinks, you know considering it's a "Supper Club."  The waitress warned/advised us the portion sizes were "between Tapas and normal size." Bzzzz...wrong. They're straight tapas sized. Which would be fine, but at ~$20/plate took us a little by surprise when everything showed up.  3 Scallops, 5 Oysters...etc. Now don't get me wrong, all the food was awesome, but we rang up a little bill quick ordering 4 different things and walked out of there hungry.  Hummus (meh), salad (good), oysters (awesome), scallops (probably the best I've had), and chocolate fondue with fruit (good). Let me say it again, the food was terrific, just need more.   DRINKS: I'll cut to the chase, go here if you like cocktails. I can't imagine a better place for them. 10 pages of different cocktails, no syrups, everything real. Mojitos for me, a bourbon drink with Raspberry for the wife. Neither disappointed, both plenty of booze, a little pricey, but well worth it.  No beer, which was kind of a bummer. But like I said, the specialty is liquor and cocktails. SERVICE: Nice...nothing to speak of either way. Our waitress Katie was very pleasant, offered some drink selections, quick on the drinks and the food. No complaints there. Nice work. PRICE: 2 drinks, and the above mentioned food ~$100. Okay, but like I said, if I drop $100 bucks, I better be blown away by the experience or better be leaving very full.  Was it good...better than average...yes. Was I blown away no.   BOTTOMLINE: Don't go for dinner, go to start the night with drinks, perhaps if you're waiting for something at the Times forum or dinner reservations or what have you. Honestly if you go in with that thinking, you'll love it.   Yes, the password thing was kind of cool.
Just had the most amazing experience at Ciro's!! The hospitality from the hostess to the server/manager Katie was spot on. We entered the door using the password and were instantly transformed to another world. The wood floors throughout, fish tank, and long banquet in the main bar area are a fantastic upgrade!! Also the hidden room behind the bookcase is a superb element. Chef Alyana was kind enough to stop by our table and introduce herself. She was personable and her food was delicious. My friend and I enjoyed all the tasty tapas style dishes. Thank you again Ciro's!!
Wow! What a great place. Went there for my GF's Birthday and it was an experience to say the least. Patrick was our server and he was beyond helpful.
My boyfriend took me to Ciro's for my birthday and we loved it! The best part was sitting at the bar and trying each and every one of the cocktails on the happy hour menu. $5 for carefully crafted cocktails is a steal. The Spiced Wheat was a surprising favorite. The bartender Jack was smart and knowledgable as well as entertaining. Moving back to a cozy table we shared the cheese fondue, and it was fantastic. We will definitely be back.
The idea of this place = awesome. A prohibition era establishment where you have to knock on the door with a password to get let in. Small, intimate atmosphere. Handmade delicious cocktails. Execution of said idea = not so good. Our drinks were delicious, they had a great selection. I also enjoyed the truffle popcorn, I could not stop eating and I wasn't even hungry. The drinks have NYC Manhattan price tags and take about 10-15 minutes to make. If I am paying that much for just a drink, I expect a certain level of professionalism from the staff. Our server, Katie, was downright rude and ruined the entire experience. She refused to answer any questions and had an offensive disposition and attitude, especially with my husband. It is not difficult to write down an order for drinks and bring them back from a bar with a smile. My family and friends rave about this place, but it did not live up to the hype for me. The experience left a horrible taste in my mouth that I am still thinking about a week later. Re-train and/or "refurbish" your staff and maybe I will try again.
Positives: good food.   Negatives: contrived theme bar vibe, password is a hassle, poor value. The last time I was here I craved an old school gin & tonic.  The server mocked me for this simple drink request. Then she brought me something with cucumbers instead- it wasn't good. Thank you annoying server!
Cool place, good drinks and stylish atmosphere. All components that should make it a killer high-end lounge, right? Well, sort of. We reserved a table for a Saturday night at 10pm (which literally took 3 weeks out to book), and when we arrived, the table wasn't ready. We ended up standing up in a packed (and I mean seriously sardine packed) little place as we waited for our table (which ended up not being ready until 10:30pm). We dressed up a bit since that's what we thought the caliber of the place demanded. SO many people there were not only casually dressed, but in Nine Inch Nails T-shirts for pete's sake. Once we finally were seated, it was pretty cool -- the little booth was sort of private (with a curtain) and comfy couches. The drinks were delish, though over-priced for what they were, definitely. So was the food - we ordered a hummus and veggie plate for about $18 and it was literally 3 bites of actual hummus (we had a party of 4 people). Also ordered a shrimp appetizer for almost $20 and it came with...wait for it...4 shrimp. Um, so our individual shrimps were $5/ea?? Sheesh. The thing is, I was really wanting to love this place. REALLY. This is going to sound pretentious, but having lived in Miami, New York and Los Angeles, I have been to lounges/speakeasies that have rocked AND rolled. This sadly, wasn't one of them. Tampa needs a place that is sexy, chill and high-end, for those special occasions, celebrations and times when people want to spend a little extra but get a little extra too. Ciro's could be that place if it: enforced an actual dress code; were on-time with table reservations (or at least offered something to guests who have to wait); enforced a minimum occupancy (so it doesn't get "clubby" overcrowded); and made sure the food they served actually warranted the price. I think it might be better on a weeknight to be honest, so maybe I'd go back then to give it another try.
This place is so authentic to a speakeasy, the atmosphere is dark and private. The experience starts as soon as you get out of the car. You walk behind an unidentified building through a garden and up to a large wooden door, where through a small sliding window on the door you have to give a password which they five you when you make a reservation. Once inside it's dark. Just like authentic speakeasy would be. As soon as you walk in there are large tables in an open setting with a bar, the space is tight but again very authentic. I had my partner with me so I reserved us a both for 2. This is where the experience really impressed me. They say us in a booth with 3 knee high tables in a private curtained off room and mood lighting that could be changed to your liking. The server was very knowledgable of all ingredients and drinks. This place is a hidden gem. It is a bit pricey but worth a special date night.
I love Ciros! The drinks are amazing and the duck fat fries are to die for! The atmosphere is great. Make sure you reserve a private booth for the full effect!
My husband and I went here while on vacation in St.Petersburg. The restaurant atmosphere is amazing! Love the look and feel, along with the music; it is very intimate. The drinks are phenomenal and the presentation is even better, it is very worth the expensive price. The menu is not extensive, which why I didn't give it five stars. We only had oysters, but they were delicious. If we are ever in the area, we would return for a full dinner. Highly suggest wearing nice attire.
Get ready for an experience like you probably have never had.  We walked up the steps in the back of the building to the ornate wood door, knocked, and a small hatch window opened and we were asked for the password.  Once given, the hostess led us past the small bar and lounge area down a hallway with booths on each side.  The booths all have thin semi-transparent drapes between each other and on the front where you enter to sit down.  We were given a booth for two with a sofa bench and pillows on two sides.  The table was small and at knee level. Dim lighting throughout the booth area added to the mystery and allure and was broken only by the occasional glow of a smartphone being used by adjacent patrons. Craft cocktails are served using only liquor that was prevalent during prohibition - whiskey, rye, rum and gin.  Vodka did not become popular until the 40's.   Menu is small plates a little larger than tapas.  The two of us started out with big intentions but ended up with only three plates - popcorn with truffle oil and truffle oil (yummy for popcorn lovers), cheese tray (the house made blackberry jam had intense flavor) and deviled eggs.   Authentic period music was very enjoyable for a very pleasant experience.
I really enjoyed this place. Although you will need a password to get in ;). Hidden place. 20s prohibition inspired drinks and atmosphere. It was such a unique experience. Very romantic and dark inside with your own private seating area closed off by a curtain if you make a reservation. Drinks and food were both wonderful. I thoroughly enjoyed the south side royal  drink. We also ordered the cheese fondue chocolate fondue and the scallops. All were fantastic. There was also music playing in the bar area. We did have to valet park as the parking is in a residential parking lot. Still not quite sure how we found it. Coming from bay shore it's located behind the first set of buildings to your right.
Love this place. Have not been here in forever! I'm ready to make new memories here! Love the privacy. The relaxing atmosphere.  And everything is on point. Drinks Food Servers Atmosphere
If I was solely rating drinks, I would have to give Ciro's 5 stars. Amazing execution and incredible drinking experience. For food, I would give 1 star. Every item was too salty. After I asked the server to take back the truffled popcorn (yes, it was that salty), she came back with another batch that was even saltier. How does that even happen?
While Ciro's definitely isn't a bar you would want to go to weekly, they are still great for a special occasion.  Like Bern's is for steak, Ciro's is where you go when you want a cocktail done right.  The Speakeasy ambiance is fun but it takes a backseat to the quality of the drinks.  While you might be tempted to try some of the older drinks just for the novelty, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by skipping over the tiki drinks or more modern ones.  While not as novel, when done with quality ingredients they're still completely different from what you're probably used to. Being vegetarian and hearing about the smaller portion sizes we opted to just have the fabled truffle popcorn and thoroughly enjoyed it even though it was pretty oily.  It was the perfect bar munchies while we enjoyed our drinks. So if you have some friends in town, are looking for a special occasion for that special someone, or just want to get away from the 2 for 1 boat drinks at the beach bar in favor of something top shelf, Ciro's is a good alternative. Also I'm sure the other reviewers have said this, but be sure to have reservations if you're going to be sitting there for a while.  The bar fills up fast so it's nice to have the booth to relax in.
I know there are a ton more people more well traveled than I - but I've been to speakeasies in New York, Atlanta, Sarasota and now Tampa and this is by far the one that I've enjoyed the most. (To be honest, however, the one in NYC was more authentic.) What makes this place so much fun is the sexy mysterious atmosphere. Once you find your way to the antique wooden door of this speakeasy, a voice speaks through a sliding panel seeking a password from you before the door is opened. Once inside it seems that this place has taken you to a world of its own. The dim lighting and upbeat music really enhanced the experience. They have two main areas (1) one small area with maybe a half dozen stools right at the bar, a few hightop tables  and a couple of leather cushioned booths that seat about 6-8 people; (2) another area, the one you want to be in, with private booths.  Make a reservation for Saturday night at least 1-2 days in advance. The private booths are a fantastic touch. Whether you are a group looking for a semi-private party setup or you're a couple who wants a uniquely intimate romantic date, these private booths deliver. The downside to this experience for me was the service and i have to take away a star for that because every other speakeasy I've been to had a waitstaff that didn't mind taking time to help you maneuver the menu. The waitress took no time with us. These speakeasy menus have tons of ingredients I've never heard of and it would have been nice for the waitress to take some time with us to figure out what would be good for us but instead she hurried away from our table to get to the next one. What makes this not really what I consider authentic speakeasy is that they have vodka drinks. In the prohibition era in the U.S. you were lucky to get whiskey and gin and maybe rum if youre in FL; there's no way the populous had access to liquor from Russia.
What can i say about this place except that it is excellent.  I have been trying to come here for several years and this birthday, we decided that it was finally time to make it happen.  It is quite the experience to have to pull up and give a password.  This restaurant is in a Condominium not a commercial building so it feels very different from the normal experience.  The door with no sign and the sliding window like in a film noir movie is a nice touch too.   The interior is dark and moody and sexy.  But the place is very very small.  But since they planned for the space well it is still comfortable.  The most comfortable space here is to request a booth in your reservation.  They have private booths with curtains that separate you from the rest of the restaurant.  The wait staff is dressed in 1920's period clothing and have panache.   Then there is the food.  Their website looks like there isn't much too eat.  Don't let it fool you.  We got the hummus and the cheese fondue.  The hummus was small but tasty.  The fondue was actually much better than what you get at the melting pot so that says something.  We had already eaten so that was the end of our choices but the menu looks tasty and fairly extensive. But the real star here is the bar.  This bar has chops.  It can make all sorts of interesting and rare drinks and it can do it right. I usually test a bar here in Tampa by ordering a Mojito.  People in Tampa insist on shaking it or forgetting to muddle it which is totally and completely wrong.  But I didn't have the heart to try it here.  I had been disappointed with 3 bars earlier that day and I couldn't take another disappointment.  So I ordered all of the weird and unusual drinks other than the Mojito and they did not disappoint with those.  I had two absinthe based cocktails, a vesper, several rum based cocktails, and a manhattan.  All were perfect.  I will confidently order a mojito next time because I believe that this place not only has the basics down as well as the advanced and classics down pat.   And yes they have a happy hour.  I know that I will be there.  Do yourself a favor.  If you appreciate well built classic cocktails and mixology.... Come here.  Period.
After several return visits, I still haven't arrived on an empty stomach, so I haven't had the food yet.  What I can disclose is that the service is fantastic and the drinks are stiff as rigor mortis.  If you have more than two drinks here, you're probably an alcoholic.  Every time we return, I try a different drink.  So a few weeks ago, I threw the bartender a curve ball and asked for something off menu; a pisco sour.  Dude didn't bat an eyelash.  He whipped it up like it was nobody's business.  It was delicious.   If you're not familiar with it, just know it's a south American cocktail, usually found in/around Peru.  Pisco is the base liquor and plus lime juice, simple syrup, ice, bitters and egg white.  Ahhh, what a frothy taste of heaven! Would I continue to return?  I'm heading there tonight!
Awesome place. Very cool atmosphere which is enhanced by the knowledgable wait staff who take their time to explain the cocktails in their historical context. We also ordered absinthe for the first time and it was served the traditional way and our waiter explained all about it.. Cool! Oh yeah and food was great too!
I went here for my wife's Birthday. Here is my rating breakdown: Pro The Ambiance 10/10 (unique prohibition era feel) Drink Quality 9/10 Food 8/10 Con Drink Prices 5/10 (not a single drink under $10.00) Food Prices 7/10   Service 4/10  (Server was rude at times we felt pressured to keep ordering drinks)
The building & staff... Ciro's is a hidden gem along Bayshore. To get in, you need to know the password for the night. Sometimes, they'll let you in if you can name a drink. Our waitress was efficient and nice. All of the staff are dressed in 20's attire. The men look rather dapper, so hold on to your ladies. The drinks... This place is pretentious on purpose, thus the drinks are outrageously expensive. Do not order Le Migre. I thought you could never go wrong with a tequila drink, but WOW was I mistaken. There was chipotle involved, and I'm telling you it doesn't mix well. The second drink I had was a Hemingway. I have tasted them and know I like them, but this one had traces of Le Migre which makes me think the shaker wasn't rinsed out very well. So what should've been a sweet drink was a little spicy. The food... The chocolate fondue plate was very tasty. The chocolate was insanely rich and creamy, perfect for fruit dipping. The fruit tasted fresh, so I was satisfied. I can't give a 5 because I wasn't happy with my drinks, but overall, this is a swanky good time. I have been meaning to check this place out for ages, and I'm glad I did. Next time though, I'm going balls out and getting a booth.
My husband and I went here for our 10th wedding anniversary and we were VERY impressed. It's so romantic and unique. The place is dark and sexy. We loved the booths and the fact that there were curtains for privacy. Our server was fantastic, very friendly and polite. He was also very knowledgeable in helping select our drinks. We settled on the Blackberry bramble and Pink Gentleman. Both were wonderful. Now let me get to the food... I was a little apprehensive about the duck fries. I didn't know what to expect taste wise but, Oh My GOODNESS! They are out of this world! I loved all 3 of the dipping sauces as well. We also split the Breakfast at the Brewery (ice cream on a Belgian waffle with bacon nibs) and it was delicious. All in all we had a fantastic time and will be going here again. Our only complaint is that at times the music was too loud to talk over. I wish each booth had a volume adjuster for the speaker. And too, I wish they played 20's jazz music instead of the, whatever it was, that was on.
What a hidden little fancy place in SoHo! We weren't really too sure what to expect. We had reservations for 4 at 7pm. I got a call around 3 that day with the password to get in. It's easy to miss the parking lot. We actually drove past it. The parking lot is right behind the condo building if you're coming from Bayshore. We gave the password and were led to our own private booth, complete with a red curtain and a bunch of candles inside. The service was fantastic. Our waiter was quick to suggest a few drinks for us. The drink menu is huge and it took us a while to decide on something. We also ordered duck fat fries, chicken and waffles, and a large fondue. The food was great. I knocked a star off because the music was terrible and the volume would go from being just right, then to so loud you could hardly hear your group. And, I was hoping for some more old school music, not Beyonce (and it seemed the playlist repeated after an hour, because we heard the same songs several times). I also thought the drinks were a little small for the prices ($12/13). We would definitely come back!
Big big fan of Ciro's.  Caveat - didn't eat here, so I can't tell you about the food.  But the drinks are superb.  Wonderful speakeasy style fancy drinks.  Don't remember what I got and it wouldn't matter if I did because I couldn't tell you what was in them.  But they were excellent.  Extremely pricey, but they are complex drinks in a fancy venue, so what do you expect.  You can't come here to get smashed - well, you can, but you're going to be a lot less rich afterwards - but for a couple of drinks with friends or especially on a date, this is the place. Like many speakeasies, it's not easy to find.  It's on Bayshore, but its at the bottom of a condo.  So, if you're driving along Bayshore and you find the building, drive around to the back of the parking lot.  It's valet only, so if you don't want to pay it, drive around the block until you find some street parking.  We did, and walked less than a block.  You need a reservation, and they send you the password for the evening. Once inside, it's kind off dark and mysterious.  They have a small bar and some cocktail tables, but you want a private booth.  Comfortable couches with curtains that are semi transparent to give you some privacy, but also to ensure you don't start doing things you shouldn't. My girlfriend and I loved it.  We had to wait maybe 20 minutes or so after our reservation time to get a booth since we had to wait for one to leave, but that was fine.  Just make sure you request a private booth when you make your reservation, otherwise it's unlikely you'll be able to get one. I've been to speakeasies in New York, Atlanta, Sarasota and Tampa.  New York's was cool because it was really 1920's ish.  Atlanta's was cool because you entered through a phone booth, but otherwise, people didn't take the speakeasy thing seriously.  Sarasota was just weird - drinks were really good, but the place had a futuristic feel to it.  Tampa's was definitely the best though.  The only drawback was the fact it's on the first floor of a condo.  That was a bit weird, but you wouldn't know it once you're inside. Top marks Ciro's.
Even though i was wearing several hundred dollars of clothing they turned me away due to lack of a collared shirt.  The also claimed I didn't have a reservation after I had called 15 minutes prior and was told to come over and given their "password".  Avoid at all costs.   They must be paying for fake reviews to get 5 stars.
Ciro's speakeasy atmosphere is great for dates, parties & entertaining outside your home. They have some of the best cocktails in Tampa. The food is great, I always have to start with the fondue. As someone who values good food & is always looking for another great spot, I think they can improve upon some of their dishes' prep & representation. For example the chicken & waffles is a great option but I have ordered it twice now & the chicken's breeding is little soggy. Duck fries taste wonderful but I want my fries to be the same size (relatively), hot & crispy on the outside when I get them. Just little adjustments & attention to details can set this Tampa gem apart in a major way.
To say this place is unique and cool would be an understatement.  I am so glad I had the opportunity to experience this place before I moved from the Tampa area.   In true 20's Prohibition style, you can hardly find this place, and must provide a password to enter into the establishment.  It was like stepping back into a time where people had to look over their shoulders for the feds just to have a quick drink.   The drinks are limited, but delicious.  As our server told us, they only offer drinks that would have been available in the 20's, so mostly gin and whiskey drinks.  I was surprised to learn that my drink of choice, vodka, was not readily available until the 40's in the states, so they had 1 or 2 drink options with vodka.  I went with their signature drink the Bramble( a gin based drink with blackberries over shaved ice that packs quite the punch)   Their menu was filled with unique food pairings and interesting concepts.  Our group went with lite bites and ordered several appetizers.  My favorites were the truffled popcorn, duck fries and the cheese fondu, that is a MUST GET!   The only drawback that I noticed atmospherically, was the music.  It was current and modern which seemed to take me out of the whole experience of a 1920's speakeasy.  I would suggest old school jazz that would have been popular in that time period.   This place is a must do in the Tampa area.  It is a unique and fun experience that you will never forget!  Just make sure you look over your shoulder for J.Edgar Hoover's men when you leave!  :)
Visited Ciro's for the first time for a friend's birthday celebration. It was fun knocking on a "secret" door and giving a password to enter. Initial reaction was that it's super dark inside, but your eyes adjust quickly. We were seated in a dimly lit booth with a semi-transparent curtain. The privacy was nice, but you could still see people going by outside. The back-lit food menu was super cool and you really did need it to see exactly what was on there. The drinks menu was extensive and it was refreshing to see the commitment to time period cocktails with some variations. The wait staff is dressed in 1920s attire and our waitress was very knowledgeable about all the drinks and food. The tables in the booths are small. Very small. There was some interesting rearranging to try and make everything fit. Given the side of the tables, I would stagger my ordering in the future. The duck fries and fondue were the hits of the group. Chicken and waffles and stuffed shrimp were also good, but the others just stood out a bit more. I enjoyed a Park Slope Manhattan variation. The apple brandy made it much smoother than a traditional Manhattan. I also had an elderflower Rickey, which I can't recommend enough. Absolutely delicious. An excellent, unique dining experience in South Tampa. The lifestyle here in Florida is so relaxed that sometimes it's fun to get dressed up and go out. Did not see any patrons in flip flops or shorts. Some even came in 1920s era outfits. Would definitely come back to Ciro's... as long as I know the password.
First time here and I loved it!  Came here with my wife just for a quick bite and a cocktail before restaurant hopping elsewhere.  It took us two loops around the building to find the door, though it really wasn't too hidden.  We made a reservation for 8p just before heading here and just showed them the reservation on our phone as we had not received the daily password.  No problem and the doorman was courteous.  Upon entering we were ushered into our private enclosed booth which was very intimate.  The entire waitstaff was dressed to fit the 20's speakeasy theme.  Nice atmosphere. For our cocktails, Betty had the Foam Flash and I had the Park Slope, a variation of a Manhattan made from rye and apricot brandy.  Both were well crafted.  We ordered two bites as well, the duck fat fries and the crostini trio.  The fries came with a tamarind ketchup, a chipotle sauce and an aioli and this dish was worth 4 stars alone.  I would pass on the crostini next time, but they were ok.  I wanted to try the grouper cheeks, but they were out.  Next time!  Will definitely be back.
This place is nothing like you will ever experience.  A throwback to the prohibition era, you literally must have a password to enter.  Don't know where it is? Too bad- there are no signs. I can only imagine how many people wander around this area knocking on legit residential doors looking for Ciro's. My party went late on a Sunday night- so the place was pretty empty.  We got treated to the special VIP suite and it was very cozy.  If you're looking for your typical drinks- you wont find them here. A very limited wine menu- mostly whiskey and gin drinks.  I opted for the daiquiri drink which was not what you'd expect. The waitress was very accommodating and quickly brought me out a "Bramble" which is what the rest of my party was drinking. I thoroughly enjoyed that. We got lots of appetizers-the cheese fondu is a must have!!   My only caveat: Don't come here if you're tired. The lighting is dim, the music is low, and it will likely make you more tired!  I'm sure on a busier night this isn't a problem.  I also believe on busier nights they are very strict on their dress code.  Just a heads up!   Ciro's gets 4 stars for being so unique!
Finally, a place in Tampa that makes real craft drinks! You don't always have to be fancy to go here. My favorite memories here are always sitting at the bar, chatting with the bartenders and enjoying the atmosphere. But don't get me wrong, coming here with a large group of friends is a great way to enjoy the amazing food and service! Call ahead and get a private room!
Truly disappointing experience - I had been really looking forward to my experience at Ciro's.  I made a reservation for 915 PM on a Friday night, I was called early in the day by the restaurant on Friday to confirm my reservation at which time I asked if I could move up my reservation to 845 and was told it would be no problem. We arrived at the restaurant at 830 (yes we were a little early) and checked in.  They still had me as a 915 reservation and when I mentioned that they had ok'd the 845 time she said that the wait wouldn't be long.  We said we'd go to the bar and she pointed at an open area with available chairs.  We ordered drinks and then waited till 930 to be seated (there were many patrons that went ahead of us while we were waiting). When the hostess finally came to get us, she took us a to a small high top table next to the bar, and when we said that we made reservations and were expecting a booth, she stated "Oh well you have to request that when you are making a reservation, most first timers never know it, but you'll get it next time" Well I'm not sure that there is going to be a next time. Our waitress was nice, a little overly peppy, but that's fine.  We already had our drinks, so we perused the menus and she told us about the specials. We opted for the Lobster Deviled Eggs, Duck Fat Fries, Slider Trio, and a Steak Special.   The Deviled Eggs came out first.  There were 5 pieces (so really 2.5 eggs.....) and they were pretty good, but not GREAT and I didn't even taste any chunks of Lobster... Then came the Duck Fries, for something that the waitress said EVERYONE loves....I was super disappointed.  Some of the fries were really dark and some light and most were broken into small pieces.  They also tasted SOOO greasy, like they didn't get the temperature right on the fryer.  I sent them back.  The second batch at least came out with full fries and were hot, but still very greasy.   The Slider Trio was probably the best dish we had.  The flavors were nice, but honestly for $16, 3 tiny little sliders did not fit the bill.   Finally came the Steak Special.  I expect when I order Steak at a restaurant who charges thirty plus dollars for the entree that the Steak is good.  Well let's say that we struggled to make it through this dish.  The waitress did not even ask us the temperature we wanted for the steak, luckily it came medium rare.  Unluckily, it was like chewing rubber...I have never had meat SO TOUGH before at a restaurant.  Especially one that is supposedly High End.  If it were not for the fact that my boyfriend was starving and we wanted to get out of here, we would have sent this back as well.  Also the steak was swimming in this orange sauce, overloading the dish with sauce is unnecessary if you have a good quality Steak. The waitress also seemed to be displeased when we opted not to order another round of drinks.  Overall disappointing experience, the highlight of our visit was the amusing conversation we had with the valet and doorman prior to entering the restaurant.
There is no option but five stars for Ciro's. It defines what five stars should be. Every facet of the experience was memorable and incredible. The duck fat fries, sliders, and chicken & waffles were each more delectable than I thought possible. Dining with my significant other in the private, curtained booth was intimate beyond anything you can get at any other place in Tampa. Ciro's should be the number one choice for a romantic date night hands down, for any couple. The drinks (especially the Bramble, my personal favorite over multiple visits) are Top Shelf. Not just "top shelf" like at a normal bar, but a new, previously undiscovered shelving unit made of platinum, encrusted with gems and laden with mystery. It is, with only slight exaggeration, like "drinking an orgasm". From beginning to end, Ciro's delivers. It is not cheap - but the value oozes from every dish and drink. Expect to drop 100-150 dollars (pre tip) for two people if you want to really experience the full spectrum of offerings. I am an imaginative person. I like to visualize myself in another time and place when I am inside Ciro's. I embrace it fully. While in the building - I feel that I have been transported to another dimension...it's that good. I have dined all over the world and this place is in my Top Five of all time.
Ciro's is all about the experience, and let me tell you they do not disappoint! Set during prohibition times, this speakeasy is a hidden gem. The only way to enter is to know the password. It all feels secretively delicious and as if you are in the know {never-mind the sign across the street pointing out this "hidden" hot spot}. The drinks were my favorite! I love their cocktail menu. They get points for the names, originality and creativity! On the particular night we dined, I ordered a Russian Rum Punch and it was lovely to look at and of course to drink. For eats, a friend and I shared three small plates; Duck Fries from Paris, with Love, Savory Cheese Fondue, and always a favorite; Chicken & Waffle sliders. All three were beyond filling, flavorful and fun! Dining at Ciro's is experience and like anything worth trying, you may spend a pretty penny. But go, and go now. You won't be disappointed.
This is my favorite go-to place when I have friends in town and want to start of the night with some great food and drinks.   This restaurants creates a dining experience that is fun and whimsical from start to finish.  The restaurant is set up as a Speakeasy, so there are no signs that indicate where the restaurant may be.  When you first arrive, you are greeted near the valet stand by a server who then points you down a path towards an unmarked door.  Once there you knock on the door and someone opens a small window and asks for the password (be sure to call in early and get the password before you get here!).  Once you provide the password, they let you into the restaurant which is dark, small and cozy.  Each of the tables are private and set up behind curtains. I have tried pretty much their entire menu (although it has changed a few times).  But the following are my favorite dishes: duck fat fries, mushroom risotto, cheese fondue and chicken and waffles. Along with the great food, the drinks are out of this world.  The restaurant really plays off the speakeasy theme and places a lot of care and effort into hand crafting each of their drinks.  The servers are very knowledgeable about each of the drinks and are able to provide great suggestions based on your preferences. Great place, highly recommended!!!
Great experience this time.  Good service, with a minimal wait (we were early for our reservation). Again, the drinks and food are the stars here, and the mojito was the best my wife has ever had before.  I had the Ebb & Flow, also made  with Flor de Cana and it was a real hit!!!  We were lucky in that we were given the password as we were walking in, but I think that this had to do in part that we just came from a Harlem Renaissance themed party.  Nice visit, and we'll be back!
Everything was good.  Food all was good... the atmosphere was nice..   Drinks were interesting and neat.  Appetizer was good -- $11 for 3 crostini seemed a bit pricey -- but they were really tasty.     I found it cool to take my date there and act all cool knowing the password..  kind of neat..  I would recommend this for a third date or a nice retreat for a married night out...   Definitely a bit awkward for a first date though... The clientele were a mix of business casual to women dressed to impressed... so dress appropriately...   Nitpicking: If you are going to the nines to make it like you are in the 20's-40's, then do everything you can.. Menus were bad-ass with the lighting -- but was that around in the 20's? Music was Lana Del-Rey from last year...  Play 1920's music...   Mirrors were a bit dirty..  The table next to kitchen was awkward as you looked into the kitchen the whole time -- and watched the servers do their thing... Inside the booths were neat to hang out in.. but I watched as the people above 5'5" looked uncomfortable... That being said, I want to take a bunch of people here -- so it was fun and cozy... so I will go again.
The best places are those that pick a theme  and then live into it 100%. Ciro's does just that, from the requirement of the proper password at the door, to the dark intimate speak easy atmosphere, to the skilled bartenders mixing classic and complex cocktails. Easily rivals the best bars in NYC or LA.
Great sexy, dark and private. I like the speakeasy feel and the secret password. Drink options are wonderful
This is a great place. Very unique. I will be back.
I'm a Ciros' s fan. I loved every thing about it. The speak easy feel, the drinks, the needing a password to get in, the hard to find nature of the location and the food. I had the duck fat fries and the chicken and waffles...both which were so delicious that I ordered more fries. I went with a big group for my friends birthday and it was awesome. Best to have a reservation and go with a party. Its a lot of fun. Not enough table room for my taste but people mostly go for the drinks which were excellent. Can't wait to go back. :D it was a bit dark in there too but I think that's what they're going for.
Excellent prohibition-era themed restaurant and bar. The limited table space requires customers pace themselves when ordering food, but doesn't seem to detract from the overall experience all that much. Seating in the booth would be a bit cramped with more than two or three people, so it's better for couples rather than large groups. I started out with Lobster Deviled Eggs and an order for Duck Fries. Both were exceptional. Next was the Seared Foie Gras. I loved the pairing with the strawberry marmalade, but the bread it was served with didn't really do it for me. Followed that up with the Slider Trio. Out of the three, the Black and Bleu Juicy Lucy was the most tasty (and messy). The other two were ok, but not great. Last but not least, I somehow managed to also eat the Prime Beef Tartare... The combination with the fried quail egg was quite good, but it was the same bread as the Seared Foie Gras and -- again -- left me merely liking a dish that I otherwise would have loved. If I had any complaints, it would have to be how the surprise was somewhat ruined by the valet and greeter. My fiancee had no idea where I was taking her, so I wasn't thrilled when the valet told us to go to the wooden door, knock, and the viewing window would slide open so we'd give the password. But... whatever. Once we knocked on the door, though, rather than being greeted by a silent set of eyes or even just someone gruffly asking the password, it was a petite young woman who first welcomed us to "Ciro's Speakeasy and Supper Club" and then asked for the password.  Meh.  Still, the rest of it was fun... and the atmosphere, food, and drinks were all definitely worth the trip.
A hidden gem! Mysteries, dark, & romantic! Loved having privacy while enjoying dinner. The drinks are all handmade so it does take a little to recieve them, but worth the wait! The shrimp, scallops, & hummus are all delicious as well!! Definitely recccommed going!
Our experience at Ciro's was everything we were expecting and more. We armed ourselves with the daily password and empty stomachs and headed to Ciro's on a Monday night (I strongly recommend visiting on a non-busy Monday night). We arrived from St. Pete 40 minutes before our reservations. I called and they told us to come on in. Our table was already ready. We were unprepared for the parking only being Valet and we did not have cash on us ($5). The Valet attendant was understanding and told us where to find a close (and free) parking spot. We knocked on the front door and gave our password. We were seated in one of the private booths right away. The hostess demonstrated how to call our waiter (which we never needed to do) and adjust the lighting in our dark and private booth. The seats are comfortable and romantic for two, but may be awkward for a double date. Our server acknowledged us right away and recommended our first drinks. The tables were also a little difficult since they are essentially two small end tables. We found ourselves having to juggle our plates and drinks and wishing for more room with just the two of us. We ordered five different drinks between the two of us. The mojito with muddled berries was by far our favorite drink. It was really refreshing and the muddled berries were delicious. For food we had the chicken and waffles, cheese fondue and duck fat fries. I recommend ordering the food one plate at a time. There really isn't room for more than that. The Cheese Fondue was by far the best thing we ate. It had chunks of mushrooms mixed in and the cheese was thick Gruyere. It was served with apples and bread. The Chicken and Waffles were delicious in my opinion, by my Husband was not impressed. He felt they were dry. I do use a lot more syrup than he does, so I think that was a factor. We both enjoyed the duck fat fries. They were covered in a delicious dust that tasted like Parmesan mixed with salt. The three dipping sauces were also delicious (tamaran ketchup, garlic aioli and some sort of honey mustard sauce). We couldn't finish them all between us, but it was the last thing we ordered. Our service was also fantastic. I enjoyed every aspect of our visit and will definitely return.
Amazing food, unique atmosphere, but slow service and a bit of environment annoyances stops me from giving this place the full 5 stars. The drink menu is amazing.  The cocktails are well thought out and very creative.  Funnily enough, the night we came they were out of beer.  That's one way to make sure you experience their creations.  I've read in other reviews that the servers are very knowledgeable on the cocktails.  Unfortunately, that was not the case for our waitress.  One of our group asked if there was any drink without lemon, lime, or orange (she is allergic to citrus) and was told a flat out no.  I'm very surprised that the server did not even check if a drink could be made without citrus.  However, we were told at the beginning that they were short a bartender and that even though it was a Sunday night it was pretty busy.  I had the Bee's Knees and it was very good. We tried the black truffle popcorn the duck fries and the chicken and waffle sliders.  When I first tried the popcorn I could not understand what the huge fuss was about.  It tasted like normal popcorn.  However, when I got deeper into the popcorn where it was drenched in truffle oil, I found it positively addicting.  It is a must try.  The fries were amazing as well, fried to perfection.  The chicken and waffle sliders were fine alone, but the chipotle sauce gave it an extra kick.  All three are must tries. The night we were here there was no valet.  There was just a security guard who was standing outside directing us to park in the last two lanes of the parking lot.  If it was not for the Ciro's sign across the street with the arrow pointing to the building, we would have never found it. The only negatives was the music was very loud in the back room where they hold parties of over 10.  Also, it started blasting cold air on everyone and our server said that it was either an arctic tundra or overbearingly hot.  Eventually they turned off the air and everything was fine.  Like I mentioned earlier, service was terribly slow.  The server was delivering our food as it came, but two of us got our chicken and waffles pretty quickly, while the last person waited a very long time.   I'm sure I'll be back.
I really can't write how much I loved this place!   We made a reservation b/c we wanted a private room with the beaded curtains.  When we got there, our reservation was for a table in the bar area. :(  We were SUPER disappointed b/c we are moving out of town in a week and really wanted to get the whole feel. The waiters/waitresses are super knowledgeable about their drinks.  My advice, order a drink that you are told about that isn't on the menu.  I was skeptical, but did it and they turned out very good!!!  My hubby and I shared the sliders and fries, and a desert.  That was the perfect amount of food to split, although I think I could eat the fries all by myself! If you do end up sitting in the bar area, never fear, it's a fun area too.  The fish tank that is encased in the wall is very colorful and fun! **don't forget, you must have the password to enter**
Why 5 stars?  Because it was one of the best and unique dining experiences that I've ever been a part of.   ---   ---   --- Ciro's completely knocked it out of the park!!!   The service was about 150 stars. The food was absolutely insane. The cocktails were perfection. The atmosphere was like nothing else I've ever experienced. Ciro's is on my very short list for the best of the Bay Area and definitely a place I would recommend for tourists and residents alike.   As for my recommendations, I have to say that the gourmet popcorn is an absolute requirement when visiting Ciro's.  There is nothing like it on the planet.  It will make you think of popcorn differently for the rest of your life. We had the chicken & waffles - if you like spicy, this is the order for you.  It is definitely a couple of notches higher on the hot scale than your typical chicken and waffles.  The cheese platter is super as well. As for cocktails, you will get a 10 minute explanation and run through about what is best for you.  I will let the professionals guide you on this train. Ciro's = Stupid Awesome.
It is the evening of July 15, 2011. The plan for the night is to go out with friends to Ciro's Speakeasy. Shoes are shined, suspenders are fastened, shirt and pants pressed. On the way out, I grab the fedora and the U gang are all ready for our first experience of absinthe. Upon arrival to the address, Ciro's is well hidden, located at the bottom of a residential building. I stand outside smoking a cigarette not knowing what to expect. Cigarette is finished, so I step in Ciro's. In that very moment, I feel as if I traveled back in time to July 15, 1925. The speakeasy is intimate and dark with jazz playing in the background. I feel at any moment Al Capone could walk in the joint. I await anxiously. In the mean time, we get a round of absinthe to ease the anxiety over the possible arrival of the most notorious gangster. The absinthe arrives and we watch it is prepped with melted sugar and a water drip by our vixen waitress. We down our powerful black liquorice liquor and are informed that Mr. Capone will not be coming to Ciro's on this night. We are all at ease. Our group of gangsters and gangsterettes is so large and menacing looking that they quickly accommodate our group, moving us to the back VIP room. Here, the alcohol and loud laughs continue to flow freely. On the next round of drinks, I glance over at the waitress and order a Tryst. It is made with absinthe, gin, and cucumbers; what an absolute delight. It is light and refreshing. The new guy in our gang, Brian, passes out because he cannot handle his absinthe. I finish his absinthe for him and then proceed to order myself a Bramble. Another gin drink that contains blackberries, It is absolutely made to perfection. I casually sip on my Bramble while sharing the delectable duck fries and truffle popcorn with my gang. After a classy night of drinking, we stroll out and I tip my fedora to the bartender for truly being a master mixologist. I step out and immediately teleport back to July 15, 2011. So that is how it feels to be in a speakeasy during the Prohibition period. What a night.
I'm a huge fan of NYC speakeasies, so I wasn't thrilled when our cab pulled up to what looks like a big apartment building. But once we gave the secret password and the hostess said, "Hey, baby, come on in," I started to warm up to the vibe of the place. Everything inside is dark and cozy, and there are a lot of tables in curtained alcoves that looked fun for groups. Since there were only two of us, we sat at a bar table and sampled some of the appetizers and drinks. The sazarac and the elderflower gin rickey were delicious, and I loved the deviled eggs and the scallops. We ended up leaving to check out other bars in the area, but I wish we had stayed. I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in Tampa again!
Maybe I expected too much but. It's not well run, I didn't at all get the feeling I was in a speakeasy or really see much that made me feel that way. Valets are out front and when I asked where ciros was they pointed to its front door... No password needed. When we got there a girl opened a slot and asked my sister the password which I gave her a wrong one for a chuckle... But.. They let us in. Hmmm. Weird. Honestly the decor is inexpensive looking and the college kids they hire just don't put much of an effort to dress the part. Honestly I won't be back and I don't get the attraction, it's just not much of what I expected. The wait staff seemed disorganized and not very attentive. We ended up just ordering one drink and going somewhere else to eat. There's much more but I think you'll need to see for yourself.
I couldn't ask for a better experience. From the entrance way to the ambiance and from the food to the cocktails, everything is a pleasure to indulge in. You can sit in the bar or select a private booth (closed in on 3 sides with a curtain to close on the 4th side). I absolutely loved their Chicken & Waffles (crispy chicken sandwiched between 2 sliced of buttermilk Belgium waffles with a chipotle maple syrup) and the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes (atop grilled fruit relish and drizzled with key lime mustard)! Make sure to call ahead to obtain the password and you'll need it when the door is answered for entrance into the restaurant. The staff is also full of knowledge of the history of spirits and the era in which they work!
Ciro's definitely delivers something different.  Cocktails you simply can't find anywhere else.  If you want a rum and coke or vodka and red bull, go somewhere else.  All the barkeeps, especially, Bob know their stuff and watching them work is entertainment all by itself.  The measuring and mixing of so many of their concoctions has to be spot on or else the drink will fail miserably.  To craft them in the chaos of a dimly lit bar with a relentless stream of orders under the eyes of thirsty patrons only adds to the challenges and the staff delivers consistently. The Homage to 7th Avenue is a must for anyone who appreciates cigars; a London Fairy or Tryst are great ways to try out absinthe but hopefully not on an empty stomach.  That leads me to the duck fat fries - a basket of artery clogging heaven with 3 sauces that should be required if you set foot in this place. Valet is $5 and they have dropped the password bit to get in, although the ambiance is still very much a speakeasy.  Reservations are only for groups of 6 or more so expect to wait for a table - they are small and intimate with curtains, so perfect for a date - not so much for a guys night out.
When I think of a speakeasy, I think of secret doors and passwords...and Ciro's delivers just that. There are no signs or any markings outside to indicate that there is anything inside...just a wooden door (which, in itself, is found around a corner in a random location on the bottom floor of an apartment complex). When you get brave enough to ring the doorbell, a slot in the door opens up and someone whispers from behind it, asking for a password (you get one when you make a reservation). You are then escorted into a special little gem of a supper club...and you feel transformed to a completely different time. The lighting is dark and cozy, the bar is a focal point, and there are also nooks and crannies to escape to (there are curtained booth areas you can sit at for privacy). It is so amazing! But, on to the food! The popcorn at Ciro's is popped fresh and then tossed in truffle oil. As soon as I put the first bite in my mouth, I immediately had a reaction (a good one): the flavor was unlike anything I'd had on popcorn before (hey, I'm used to plain and buttered. I'm a simple soul). Rumor has it that if you are on your way to a movie after drinking/dining at Ciro's Speakeasy, they will pop you a batch and bag it up for you to take to the theater! I'd totally be up for that... We were also treated to a few other appetizers: some steak tartare, and some asparagus spears wrapped in prosciutto and drizzled with aioli. Fresh, classic, and delicious! Finally, the most amazing item was delivered to our table: chicken and waffle sliders. Be still, my heart. The combination is to die for, and Ciro's does them just right. The chicken is all natural, organic, cage-free chicken breast that is lightly battered and fried, served between two fluffy waffles and drizzled with a slightly spicy sauce. I honestly was mourning the fact that I only got to eat one of the sliders: I could have taken down an entire plate of them on my own. I'd definitely recommend a visit to Ciro's if you're looking for incredibly unique cocktails and delicious small plates of food. You will definitely get a experience to remember!
I've never sat anywhere but the bar, and my question is why would anyone want to?? The bar staff are true mixologist professionals that don't even need to sell you on anything, because watching their delicious creations being made should get you thirsty to try them yourself. The absinthe... OH the absinthe! I had only done it in Vegas before (while well inebriated), but these guys know their stuff, and work the machine with great aplomb. If you're a connoisseur of the wormwood (and I'm certainly not), this place is a must hit. Just the sight of the sugar cubes should get you salivating. I've picked at the food here with other people, but didn't find anything too amazing or memorable. It was all appetizer things anyway, so I'm probably not the best person to ask. But the beverages are all outstanding. And make sure you bring people that aren't sick with you, as you'll pass the libations around and try what they're having!
Okay, this place is well out of my price range, but I still make it a point to go because it is that damn good. I wouldn't be surprised if their chef popped out of the Virgin Mary; he is surely the Jesus of food. Just, go to Ciro's. Eat, drink, and marvel at the wonder that is Bob's beard.
One of my favorite places to indulge. It's dark, mysterious & fun! My husband's band mate plays soothing guitar here every Thursday from 8:30-12ish. A great night to go. If you have more than 6 in your party, you have to make a reservation so plan ahead. I could live off the Duck Fries (served with 3 homemade sauces: tamarind ketchup, chipotle maple & garlic aioli) & Blackberry Bramble cocktail. DO NOT forget to get dessert! Belgian waffle, with Newcastle Ice Cream, chocolate ganache and bacon crumbles. All homemade. Seriously, it must be what the angels eat in heaven. The food is some of the best in Tampa, the cocktails are out of this world, the atmosphere is unique, & the service is exceptional. See you on a Thursday :)
Went to celebrate my birthday based on the reviews from the Yelp event I was not able to attend.  I heard such great things.  I had bought a Creative Loafing deal (I think it was CL) and they did not have restrictions on it so I made a reservation a few weeks out for 2 on a Sat night.  They called the day of to confirm and give me the password. They have valet parking which is $5 and they don't tell you about it, good thing for reviews on Yelp I knew about it and warned my boyfriend. I thought it would be a little more "secluded" based on what I read, while you do have a private booth surrounded on all sides and a curtain in the front the other booths can see into your booth and it is very, very loud. The portions were described as bigger than tapas, but smaller than entrees.  We had the popcorn which was yummy and then the chicken and waffle sliders.  I really liked the chipotle maple dipping sauce - it was thick and not too heavy on the maple side and it had a good kick.   There was a lot on the menu I wanted so I'll have to go back.  The Ybor City bread pudding was a good ending to our night. As stated by others the cocktails truly make this place.  We sampled a few different kinds and they were all amazing.  The server made suggestions and gave us the run down.  No dirty martini's or olives here we were warned, fine by me I love gin!!
Three stars was all I could give our last visit, not because there wasn't superb food/drink/service but because of the night we went was a little odd in that a big group of people were there for a private party.   Otherwise it was a super fun place with a great atmosphere.  Go with people you like because the booths are small and there are curtains that kind of section you off from others in the restaurant.  If you are taking business colleagues you aren't super into getting to know, this might make for an awkward situation.   We went on a night when they were hosting a group party so bar service was really slow.  Other than that our server was great and our drinks were delicious.  My party got the duck fries which were great and the chef made a special vegetarian dish for me that was excellent.  I was really floored by her willing to do this.....it made me want to meet her and I told our waiter that my meal should have been on the menu, it was that delicious.   For being such a cool place with the pass code and all, it was not pretentious in the least.  Be sure to call and make a reservation, I don't think you can walk up and go inside.  Everyone was nice.  Food and drinks are a little more expensive than just any bar, but the craftsmanship is spot on.  Our waiter took time to explain the drink menu to us even though the restaurant was really crowded which was nice.  We never felt rushed.   There was live music the night we went which should be mentioned because it was great.  The music just added to the overall experience and I would hope they have it every night.
New York has been doing the whole "speak-easy bar" thing for awhile now, so I was curious to see Tampa's interpretation of the concept while I was down there on vacation... First of all, I really only had the address for this place so I must have looked like a burglar walking around the building trying to find the dang entrance. I actually got stuck in the entryway at the FRONT of the apartment building proper and a security guard had to rescue me (thank you, compassionate security guard). So here is how to get to Ciro's in plain English: the entrance is in the BACK of the apartment building. There is a wall surrounding what looks to be a pool area (there is a small standalone building with a tile roof)... It is a pool area, and you must walk to a gate to get back there. On your left side is a wooden door up some steps--knock (the bell was broken when I went)... My date and I were there early, and the place was pretty empty, so sadly we were not asked for a password, which actually I was a little relieved about. We had made same-day reservations just in case though. We were given a private booth behind a curtain--very intimate and candle-lit. Not sure if they had bigger rooms, but ours couldn't have possibly fit more than 3 people, maybe 4. It was very fun, like being on a train car, having the staff pop in through the curtain to give you food and drinks. Everything we had was very delicious and well-prepared. The food and drinks came incredibly fast (sometimes, and this is me being picky about the time that goes into making a good cocktail, I felt the drinks came, ahem, too fast). The food was definitely tapas-style, and pretty expensive for such small portions. The cocktails could have been better but that is not to say that they weren't already VERY GOOD. But other than that it was a great experience, and one that was new for me. Tampa needs more classy cocktail bars, so even if it's a bit pricey, it stands out among the rest as a beacon of hope next to all the trashy shitbars in South Tampa. Cheers to you, Ciro's.
This place offers a great experience supplemented with amazing food and drinks. The Steak Tartare is the best I have had in Tampa. I've had the one at Bern's and this was better. The duck fat fries are ridiculously good. The drinks will take a bit longer to make than many other places, but that's because they are taking their time to make drinks the right way by cutting and peeling fresh fruits for garnishes and shaking or stirring drinks correctly. With the combination of the atmosphere, food and drinks...this is simply one of the coolest restaurants to go in Tampa.
I've never been a believer in online reviews, however, I felt the need to create a profile after visiting this establishment. My girlfriend and I just dined here earlier tonight, in celebration of our 5 year anniversery, to see what the fuss was about. Let me tell you...CIROS DELIVERED! The night started by a knock on a huge wooden door (speakeasy appropriate). The gentleman (which we later found out was the manager) opened the eyehole and was very animated. We gained entry after the password for the evening was presented. He asked us if it was our first time here, and our first time at a speakeasy. He was very accomodating, and really played into the part of the speakeasy. The cocktails were superb. Im a bourbon drinker and I had the best Old Fashioned Ive ever had. Ive had quite a few Old Fashions in my day as well. My girlfriend ordered a Moscow Mule. Although it did not come in a copper mug, it was still outstanding. After trying the cocktails, I personally had to make my way to the bar to shake the bartenders hand. He was very courteous and gave me the historical run down on both cocktails. I did not know my dining experience would also include a history lesson. Best history lesson ever. We ordered a few dishes. We had the cheese fondue, chicken and waffles, and beef tartar. the tartar was highly recommended and I can see why. Not the biggest portions but full of such unique flavor and fusion. Just when we thought the night couldnt get any better, the manager (Eric),   came to our table with 2 glasses of champagne! He really didn't have to, but he said on behalf of himself and the house Happy Anniversery. Our dining experience was flawless, and the staff made us feel so welcomed. I highly recommend this establishment to anyone living or visiting in the Tampa area.
I've been to Ciro's twice and have throughly enjoyed both visits.  The password business is a little kitsch but it does a good job of setting the ambiance from the get-go.  Be prepared because the place is dark and it'll take a little while for your eyes to adjust.   The bar area displays an awesome assortment of booze and the bartenders are always busy working on concoctions.   The tables are in their own alcoves and very intimate.  The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and the drinks and are prompt without being intrusive.   The drinks are the true stars here though.  They seem to take the '20's era prohibition bar' pretty seriously and they don't use artificial anything and use had shaved ice for their drinks.  The drinks themselves are creative and delicious.  One could say they're expensive except that every drink is completely hand crafted from high quality booze and they're  all at least doubles compared to any other place I've been to in the area.  For those on (off?) the wagon they also do some delicious drinks sans alcohol and I would suggest that those that that are imbibing try a non-alcoholic drink as well.
Loves it! A unique, hip spot that is not pretentious. Most of the employees wear 20's inspired garb but not in a hokey way. The drinks are phenomenal. Don't try to order a white Russian. They can't even make it. Check out the ever changing drink list or ask your server or bartender what they recommend. You would be surprised how good they can make gin and whiskey taste! Great for a night with friends or a date. Most of the restaurant is laid out in small, cozy booths surrounded by see-through curtains. There is a big space in the back and another in the front for large parties. Sitting at the bar on a recent evening was a blast. Found the other patrons and the bartenders to be super nice, helpful and friendly. The food is also excellent. This isn't the kind of place you're really going to get a full, traditional dinner but you can certainly fill up on appetizers, tapas, and desserts. The duck fat fries are delicious (served with a trio of dipping sauces), black truffle popcorn is very popular and the chocolate fondue is to die for (ask for extra fresh-made churros). The menu does change pretty often but these items have stood the test. Plan on spending some money. Drinks are in the double digits. Parking is valet only. It is so worth it though. By the end of the night you won't even care. One word of advice: the building that houses Ciro's is residential with 100+ tenants. Be respectful of them- watch your noise level coming into and out of the restaurant. That was actually several words but you get the idea. :)
After our first attempt failed we decided to make a reso online (important detail). Was impressed they called to confirm it earlier the day of. Knew it was a speakeasy but wasn't sure what that would entail. Great greeting upon arrival, quickly seated in our reserved "room" and impressed with both the food and service. Our server was phenomenal. Great at suggestions, feeling the mood and projecting her energy. After all it was a Wednesday night. We kind of winged it on our first drinks but really enjoyed them. Then let our server decide our second round-both realllly liked the second. And they cost less than the first so she wasn't just increasing our bill for her benefit. We started with the crostini trio and baked oysters. Both very good! We also got the duck fat fries and their three dips- also very very good! The atmosphere was amazing. Dark and hidden feeling with great live music. The bar was very busy this particular night which made it feel like what a true speakeasy is known for. Overall a great experience and can't wait to go back!
My date's first words upon being seated in our semi-prive booth was 'Home Run'. When those words come out of her mouth - I know I did good. Nathan, our server, was exceptional with his service. He had great recommendations, listened to our preferences and was very prompt with ensuring our evening was going smoothly. We enjoyed escargot (which was cooked perfectly), the chicken and waffles which has rightfully received rave reviews from fellow yelpers and the duck fat fries. My wingman mentioned to me that 'You either start your evening, or end your evening, at Ciro's' and his advice was well stated. We opted to give Ciro's the opportunity to get our evening off on the right foot - they did not disappoint.
This place is simply incredible. I love the concept, and it's just very cool. They call you on the day of your reservation with the password for the evening. You pretty much have to have a reservation. I imagine if they are slow they would let people in, but it wasn't slow on a Wednesday night, so it's probably never slow. It's hard to find, not marked, there are no signs, and you have to kind of poke around the apartment complex to find it. You'll find it eventually. Look for the door that doesn't seem to belong. The staff dress in 1920's style clothes, and the interior is classy, a little dark, but very intimate. The bar area has high tops and you can sit at the bar. It's all dark and cozy in there, and it looks like it would be fun. The private tables are tucked away in little nooks. They have different sized booths, but it was just me and my wife, so it was small. There was a small L-shaped couch with pillows, and then they draw the curtains closed so it is super-intimate. The server comes in, explains the concept, the classic and authentic cocktails, and the menu. The menu is not extensive, but there's a little something for everyone. I ordered the Moscow Mule and my wife had Vic's Mai Tai. I love Mai Tais, and virtually no bartenders make the real, authentic recipe. Listen up people: THERE IS NO PINEAPPLE JUICE OR GRENADINE IN A REAL MAI TAI! It's high quality light rum, high quality dark rum, orgeat syrup (almond syrup), orange curacao, fresh lime juice, and rock candy syrup, shaken up well, and poured over shaved ice. Half a lime goes into the drink (to look like an island), with a sprig of mint on the top to look like a palm tree. THIS is the real recipe, and they make it EXACTLY right. Sorry, I get a little ticked when bartenders don't make it right. The truffle popcorn...um yeah. You have to try this stuff. I've never had anything like it. The bread pudding...the chef turns this standard dessert into a perfect work of art. Absolutely delicious! Best I've ever had. Great, attentive service, extremely intimate, really cool concept, and outstanding food and drinks. It is on the expensive side, so it won't be a frequent stop for me, but definitely a place I go for special occasions and when friends are in town.
I hope we were just there on an off night. I took my husband here for our anniversary dinner.  I was excited by all of the positive Yelp reviews.  And I loved the idea of it being a speakeasy with a password. The concept was cool, and the staff outfits and decor all fit with the concept.  The menus were all sort of ratty and banged up.  I'm not sure if that was intentional or negligent. The drinks were only okay.  I liked that everything was supposed to be authentic to the period, but I didn't think my Corn Fed Peach Sour was very tasty.   The food was not very good at all.  We started with the duck fries, which were good.  Then we got the sliders, which were okay but were served on cold buns.  Yuck.  Then we had the chicken and waffle sliders.  The waffles were okay, the chicken was bland, and the sauce overpowered.  We also tried the crab cakes (too much soggy breading) and the grouper cheeks (the fish was good, but the mushroom leek ragout was way way too salty). We skipped dessert because the food wasn't good, and our waitress was rude. On the plus side, the busboy was very sweet and attentive. I'd consider returning for just drinks.  I would not come back for a meal.
Ciro's speakeasy and supper club was one of the most unique and delightful culinary experiences I have ever had the pleasure to appreciate.  I would recommend this to any and all who venture into Tampa Bay. First you show up to Valet parking where you are greeted by a nice gentleman who tells you a little about the theme of the establishment and ensures that you indeed know the password to enter.  Genuine speakeasy experience, if you do not know the password you do not get in.  Well, at least they make you wait outside for a bit.  So a reservation is highly recommended and try to make it a few days in advance as they are a rather popular place with limited seating. Once past the main door my party and I were treated to a dim lit bar area with a nice ambience and a fish tank on the back wall, the place had a sense of the prohibition era smokey-ness without the smoke and to give you the feel of a speakeasy without the cancer and smell.   We were seated in a small booth with a wrap around leather bench with cushions and three small tables that varied in height so to be condensed for storage.  Our waiter was with us almost immediately after we were seated to explain  the theme of the restaurant to us, how everything worked there and the drink and food menu.  He was extremely knowledegble about all kinds of cocktails. The drinks,  The drinks were amazing!  Every drink served at Ciro's is made with top shelf spirits by the hands of a master bartender.  Since this establishment is prohibition era themed they try to stay true to the theme and most of their drinks offered  are made from Gin, Whiskey, Bourbon, and Rum.  Though they do acknowledge that this is 2012 and will cater to preferences of those who enjoy Tequila and Vodka. Our server was very informative when it came to drinks and very spot on with his recommendation for drinks even with the vaguest ideas of what we wanted.  My wife asked for something fruity where she can't taste the alcohol and I asked for something made with rum and was spicy.  I can't remember what they brought us but it was awesome. The food was also amazing combinations of culinary creativity.  We started out with black truffle popcorn as well as the duckfat fries.  Both were exquisite culinary delights.  The fries had 3 separate dipping sauces that were each unique and fantastic.  We also had truffle cauliflower that was good if you enjoy cauliflower and the triple sliders that were fantastic as well. To say that I would recommend Ciro's is an understatement,  This is a mandatory experience for all who visit Tampa Bay or you have missed out on a  great experience.
Husband made reservations for his usual early for me,and everyone else under 80, 6:00 PM but it was already busy for a Saturday.  We were seated promptly and the service was smooth throughout.  Definitely a place to go for a solid cocktail selection but I was disappointed that the lime kind of overwhelmed the Creme de Violette in my Aviation which was also sweeter than and not as blue as the one made just down the street at Bern's.  He had a rye based cocktail, the name of which I can't remember but it was served in a brandy snifter with a spherical ice cube-beautiful and tasty.  We had kabob sliders and cheese fondue (the smaller of two sizes as recommended by our server).  Both were very tasty, and as described-bigger than tapas and smaller than entrees.  Overall I'm glad we went, and would go again perhaps with guests who are interested in a speakeasy experience, but it won't make it into our regular rotation.
So many drinks to choose from, great theme, great decor, and great service. This is definitely the place to celebrate a fun night like a birthday or a promotion.
We went to Ciro's for a friends birthday party. It has a great atmosphere and their specialty drinks are very good. The food is not very good and most plates are around $27. The best thing we had all night was the $9 truffle oil popcorn and that was after spending $145.00. I would suggest spending your money on a quality meal elsewhere than waste your money here. They claim to have an amazing French trained chef but we ordered the chicken and waffles-waffle looked and tasted like a frozen waffle(Eggo) and the chicken was covered in a very peppery BBQ sauce that tasted like a fast food sauce. We also ordered the lamb which was unflavorful and did not include very much meat($27). The pretzel appetizer reminds me of a hot pocket. The duck fries are better than an average Fry but definitely not worth the hype. Go here to drink not to eat.
I've been back to Ciro's a few times since my original review. This has easily become one of my favorite spots in Tampa, so I'm bumping it up to the 5 stars they've so rightfully earned. My favorites include the Bramble (an "adult snow cone" with gin, crushed ice and blackberries) and the cheese fondue (the BEST I've ever had). It's also hard to come here and not get the duck fat fries and truffle popcorn. Make your reservations early. They fill up quick and you'll be hard pressed to get one of the private booths if you wait til the last minute.
It was fun and unique. But...they really could have followed through with the theme better. Our server, although delightful, was hardly looking in the era and hummus and popcorn in truffle oil, I don't think so, The service was enthusiastic but terrible. The ambience was wonderful. Definitely worth it!
Went here with a group of friends and had a good time. Atmosphere is very dim lit and intimate throughout the place. We were seated in a large group room which was comfortable and unique but the music was far too loud. We were told that it could not really be adjusted without affecting the rest of the restaurants music volume. So this left us all with some difficulty in hearing one another. My main reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5: Very slow service! Food was good. I was not honestly that impressed with the truffle popcorn, it just did not live up to its hype for me. Drink menu is phenomenal and has concoctions you won't find anywhere else. For dinner I had the crab cakes and they were delicious! Would definitely recommend. Overall a good place to visit and a bit of a hidden gem in Tampa.
My fiance' surprised me by taking me here for our anniversary dinner on 2/9/12. I had no idea such a place even existed here in Tampa, so from the moment we were on the steps, I was in love! Wonderful atmosphere and fantastic staff. The food was nothing less than amazing. My fiance had the lamb and I had the scallops. We also had the fruit and fondue for dessert. Our drinks were exceptionally good. It was a bit pricey, but the food, service and drinks were all worth every penny. We will be making it a yearly Feb 9th dinner for us. Thanks for the experience!!
Cool place! Awesome duck fries! Must have if you go there! Good drinks cool atmosphere! Something different! Loved it!
I love this place. The cocktails are delicious, and so is the food. I've been here a few times (twice for drinks, twice for dinner) and loved everything I've had. The service is great, and the ambiance is super fun. Be sure to get the password ahead of time!
I was quite intrigued the first time I came to Ciro's and had to use a password to get in.  My friends and I were just looking for a casual place to have a drink or two and we were not disappointed.  The bartenders have drinkmaking down to a science and put on a spectacular show conjuring up the innovative and tasty drinks they have here.   My first experience led me to have a birthday get together here and although I was put off by their hesitation to accomodate my group of 13, they made it a great event once we got there.  Our server was very attentive and actually got us the private area to make sure everyone was comfortable and we would have an area to enjoy ourselves.
Too much hype for what I ended up getting.  Truffle popcorn, total disappointment.  Just tasted like popcorn to me.  The best thing we got was the crabcakes, some of the best ones that I have ever had.  I will come to this place just to have those once again. Parking is valet and they charge $6.00 for it.  I don't understand the need for this.  It should be complimentary. Also, if you are seating at or near the bar, be careful as it stinks.  I think having carpet near the bar area is not a good idea.  It smelled awful.   I would go for the crabcakes and for the experience.  Also, friends tried the drinks and were not too impressed. Also, service was really slow at the bar area.
Ciro's...loved it.  I'll start with hat i didn't like and end with the positives. We had heard great things about Ciro's and decided to take our friends there as a thank you for watching our dog.  I called in advance to make reservation and was told they only take them for parties of 6+, but to call 30min ahead on Friday night to make sure they could seat us.  I did so and as told no problem.  We ended up waiting 1.5hrs for a table. When the host asked us to sit at the bar and wait he said it would be a short.  Finally, we had  to ask him to seat us and we were essentially met with their "regulars" get priority seating even though they arrived an hour after us.  We made and stink and were sat.  It was a typical South Tampa D-bag move on their part.   Onto the bar.  Drinks are awesome.  Everything is made from scratch.  Although the drinks are pricey, they are worth every penny.  You will not find those drinks anywhere else. Food was outstanding and fresh.  The period based decor and servers attire as on par.   Can be hard to find if you've never visited Ceviche when it as at this address.  Play along with the doorbell, password, rule reading and signing the guest book.  It sets the period tone.  You'll have fun!
TOTALLY AWESOME!!!! Drinks perfect and delicious! Food is some of the best ideas for aapps anywhere! The Duck fries are to die for! And They have steak tartare which you dont find most places these days!!! and it was amazing!!! Cute, intimate, perfect place to go for a night out!
We went to Ciro's this Saturday without a reservation despite all the suggestions to call ahead.  Had to wait 20-30 minutes in the parking lot before we were escorted in, but it was well worth the wait.  Ciro's is a 1920's style prohibition era bar and restaurant with 20's styled cocktails.  Since we didn't have a reservation we sat at the bar.  Our bartender, Bob, was extremely friendly and guided us through the drink menu.   My sister and I ordered the Kentucky Champagne, the Bramble, and two other fruity cocktails recommended by Bob.  My husband chose a stronger potion and went with the "Penicillin", a scotch based cocktail with fresh candied ginger garnish.  Did I mention all of the cocktails were made with fresh herbs and juice?  No flavored vodkas or red bull on this menu! We did glance at the menu, but decided to come back with a reservation for dinner.  Bob mentioned the dining tables were small and at knee level so we may want to make the reservation at the bar.  Will be back for the duck fries!
I shared one order of duck fat fries here.  They were the best duck fat fries I have ever had.  I used four napkins.  My friend used three napkins.
Finding a drink during prohibition may have been just as tricky as trying to find the discreetly marked entry to Ciro's Speakeasy & Supper Club. Tucked into the lobby level of the Bayshore Royal Condominium overlooking Bayshore Boulevard and Hillsborough Bay, you must park behind the highrise, walk past the pool and look for the large wooden door to the left that is located at the top of a steps. Hopefully you remembered to call ahead to make reservations in order to be entrusted with the secret password of the day. You'll need to know what to say when you knock and a small section of the door opens just enough for the person on the inside to discreetly ask for the password. Only then does the door open and allow you passage you step into the other worldly experience that has made Ciro's a widely popular dining and drinking destination. The cocktails are quite tasty - according to those who sampled them during my visits - but I tend to stick with white wine. Fortunately there was one, and I literally mean one, white wine offered. The booths can be a little cramped depending on how many are in your party and how much of the delicious food is ordered.  Small knee-high tables can be tricky when trying to park multiple drinks and dishes or retrieve them without sending them toppling over. Be forewarned there is a $5 fee for valet, if the valet is on duty, and the dress code prohibits baseball caps, baggy shorts and flip flops. And on busy nights there is an enforced two-hour time limit for occupying one of the booths but that only requires you to relocate to the bar.
If you are looking for a fun date night, Ciro's is your place! My husband and I went there to celebrate his new job offer, and it was amazing. We went after dinner as I knew their food was more so smaller plates. The food is great, but we were just looking for cocktails. They keep everything very true to the older times. The drinks are all hand made, muddled to perfection. The bartenders really take their time with the drinks, and no one feels rushed in the process. They put so much effort into making the drinks perfect, and it really shows. We got to the restaurant and were greeted by Bob. He let us in to hang at the bar, even though we didn't know the password. He mentioned his favorite seat in the house, tucked in the corner of the bar, which just so happened to be open. We took his advice, and I am soo glad we did! We were able to see the whole restaurant from our seats, and our backs were to the wall, not to other people. I was in the mood for refreshing drinks, so I stuck to the gin side of the menu. My first drink was a little drink infused with fruit, and my second was a spin on the mojito. I can not remember the names (of course!), but I do know they were awesome!! My husband got an Old Fashioned and a Sazerac. He loved them both! We also ordered a basket of truffle popcorn to snack on. This stuff is absolutely amazing - it is addicting though! Be warned ;) Our bartender, Andreas was amazing! He was incredibly knowledgable, and took the time to explain many of the drinks to my husband - he loves learning about the origins of cocktails. We will definitely be back to Ciro's again. The atmosphere, drinks, and wonderful service are really something to brag about!
Spent 2 hours in Ciro's last night.....just one word describes this place...FUN! Drinks we ordered:  Gin with pear (don't know the name) Great! Gin with mulled Blackberry, that arrived looking like a snow cone....Tasted great...looked great.....was great (had 2!) Service was excellent, place was packed...we could hear a bit of crowd noise, but it was easily muted by our curtained private "couch bar" spot, and we thought the whole thing was just cool.....Hey where else can you order a "Sidecar" and other true roaring 20's concoctions? Food: Didn't order food.....this was our second stop after eating at Boca (Boca is awesome, too!) Rumor is its the same owners as Boca....not sure about that. Enjoy!  We did.
great experience!!
Great drinks and awesome ambiance. Sat down and had great drinks but what got me was the piano live blues music. Definitely coming back!
In simple words: How is this place not a 5 star? I fell in love with the place the moment we walked in!! Amazing ambiance, amazing menu.... loved everything.. This place is probably the only reason I would visit Tampa again! Ciro's is Tampa's hidden treasure!
Ciro's is wonderful. The drinks are unique and delicious. The best part is that the menu is entirely unnecessary. We merely told our server, Katie, what we liked and she was able to pick drinks out for us, both on and off the menu. She was bubbly and engaging throughout the night. The food was fantastic as well-the truffle popcorn, duck fat fries, and deviled eggs are to die for. I cannot recommend Ciro's enough.
Very cool, very hip place. Great drinks although pricey. Most drinks are served with ice overflowing the glass. I get that it's part of the presentation however the volume of drink for the money ratio is fairly low. Drink's were awesome though. Just not a value but that's not their calling either. The atmosphere was decorated nicely. However I was with a group of 8 with a reservation and our booth space and seating was not adequate. The sound coming from neighboring booths was quite loud too. The food menu was very cool. Lighted. Modest compared to the drink menu. Lots of interesting food combinations available but the quality was just BLAH! My recommendation is it a great place to meet for drinks with a date or very small group. Great atmosphere. Just plan on eating before or afterwards.
A unique atmosphere, an attentive server, & tasty morsels made for an enjoyable dinner for our group. The fresco scallops & tuna left their signature on my neurons. Not under priced & not over priced...so I say "Spin that Wheel" & "Come on Down"...you won't win "a NEWWW Car" but they do have a cool little bar. This isn't Bob Barker but I still say the "The Price is Right" & I'm signing off until next time...bye bye everybody. :-)
Went here for a birthday. The food wasn't that great. Dull to be honest, so don't waste your time with it. The magic is in the drinks. Various absinthe drinks and the bartenders do give a show to make drinking the chemistry experiment that it is. Word to the wise: Although it's dark, the menu's have lights on them ;o I haven't been to any other speakeasy's, so I can't say I've had better, but given the idea of a speakeasy, the valet service kind of defeats the purpose, imo. I suggest let this be the first stop in a night that goes elsewhere .
This place was very cool. Very 1930s style.  You walk up to a secluded door to be 'smuggled' in like you are high class coming off a dangerous old time street.  Inside, it is dark and smooth, with small tables with sheer curtains providing seclusion. I so wanted to be wearing a flapper dress and long pearls. I adored this place.  Beware, the old fashioned drinks are super strong, so pick wisely based on the ingredients.  Unfortunately, the complex had a water leak, so the kitchen was closed.  I would definitely go back to see what we missed.
This place is very swank and dark inside, I Like it! Great atmosphere and vibe plus the bartenders make some real good cocktails. More of a cocktail joint where they can also make specialty cocktails out of the drink books they got on the bar. Not too mention some cool private booths in the back you can hang in, with good food to boot.  They got Absinthe also! Sundays is the best day so far featuring djs with nice lounge music. The cocktails start at $10 on up so bring some $$ if you want to drink their cocktails. otherwise you got a good selection of beers & top shelf drinks to choose from. BTW the food is amazing also, I would say the best in all of South Tampa. Had the Tuna Kimchee salad with shitake mushrooms very generous portion and the flavors out of this world! The prime rib was excellent also!! Well worth the price, and in a nice laidback setting.
I love the whole ambience here! Each time I try to make myself have something other than the Kentucky Champagne, but its just so good! I did try a new dish Shrimp stuffed with blue cheese and those shrimpers were massive woah! So warm and delicious served on tiny chopped olives, so flavorful, I was pleased. I just love the dark room with the chill music.I always want that fish tank for my house :) ...someday maybe. This is a great place for a special date or a dinner with the girls.
A great dining experience. Not a basic night out. Set as a 1920s prohibition bar, Ciros provides an interesting departure from most restaraunts. The cheese fondue was better than 99% I have ever had!The apples were crisp and the crusty bread was great. The cheese was gooey and perfect. For once a place understand the cheese to dipper ration! They didn't skimp on either!  The stuffed figs were tasty but a bit greasy. The lamb was perfectly cooked. I would definetly recommend this place for a date night or a double date. The cocktails  tastes amazing and packed serious power! Go! And don't forget your password or you might have an awkward beginning to the evening
I went here with a group of 8 girls for a bachelorette party,  we had our own room and we're required to spend a minimum of 500.  I don't like when places require a group to spend a certain amount. I felt like I ordered more than I would have because of the minimum. I alos didnt like the options on the menu,  I wish they had more simple things like a burger and more steak options.  I ended up getting the sirloin,  I got it medium but it came out a lil too undercooked,  I'm not one to complain so I ate it and it was very tasty and filling.  I ordered  two types of drinks,  one was a raspberry icy drink which was good and then I asked for a chocolate martini.  The chocolate martini was anything but it's name,  I would think it would be easy to make since I've made my own before,  but he drink tasted more coconutty than chocolate.  This place is okay to me,  not somewhere I get excited to go to.  I spend about 100 dollars as the food and drinks are pricey and we had to meet the minimum.  I think the bride to be enjoyed it,  I think she also wished they had more food selections.  The staff was pretty nice but they got annoyed when we wanted the checks split. I like going to places not as expensive and with more options and larger portioned meals.
Swore I wrote a review for Ciro's before, but I guess it was for the Yelp event and not the actual venue. So here we go... Speakeasy like the 1920's?! Hidden location? Password required upon entering?! Cool, cool, and more cool! How can one not be excited?! Very small place, but very cool setup. There's the bar, then a lobby area with tables and a couch-like setup, then a line of private booth suites. Make reservations! Request a private booth. "Suite" is misleading because it's not big. The smaller ones hold 5 comfortably, squeeze 6. But it is unique in that there are curtains that let you close off the rest of the world, so you're in your own little bubble. And everyone that works there is dressed like they're from the '20s. Cute! Drinks are prepared by mixologists, who sure know what they're doing. You won't find your regular drink here. Why would you want to anyway? With the extensive drink menu, you have to try something new! For the ladies, I highly recommend the Bramble. Gin and blackberries. And the food. Oh my wow, the food. Duck fries. Truffle popcorn. Fondue. Yummy! They're all appetizers to share, but when you taste it, you may want to be selfish and keep all to yourself. I've visited Ciro's multiple times and have experienced pleasant service each time... until the most recent visit. Our group had reservations, seated in the lobby area, then moved to a booth. Sweet! But after 1.5hrs, we were being kicked out. Wait, what?! Of all the other times I've been here, this has never happened. My friends have sat in a booth til closing time. During those 1.5hrs, I did get the feeling we were being a little rushed. Usually servers are friendly, helpful, joke and have fun with you. This time was a little off. Someone ordered the absinthe presentation because it's been talked up among our group. We just HAD to see it being done. Apparently, we were shafted. No machine to drip the water. He just poured it. I thought it was still cool because I haven't seen it done before, but I feel cheated knowing there was more to it. Probably because they were busy and trying to get us out of there. Ah, the downside of Ciro's slowly becoming not a secret anymore. Oh, and. One HUGE recommendation I wish I could give the establishment is the music selection. 1920's speakeasy should play 1920's music. Set the mood. Match the atmosphere. Instead, they play modern tunes. Fail. So I guess if you do plan on going, pick a night you'd think isn't too busy so you won't be kicked out. But definitely make reservations anyway. They give you a password to play along.
So glad that my server Erica at Anise suggested this place. It's now my favorite for an expertly made stiff cocktail in Tampa. Dark, sexy atmosphere with private curtained dining booths. The drink menu reads like a history book, and the speakeasy theme both fun and classy and is carried out adorably from beginning to end by the service. I would rave about the food here, but I still haven't tried it. Who can get past the drinks?
Thanks again, Sean, Jeff, Richie and Nolan for another wonderful night.  Everything was delicious as usual and service was fantastic.  Well done.
Last Monday we ended up at Circo's (based on a Yelp search while traveling) and it was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time.  We couldn't find the place at first because there are no signs and the only way to find it was by the Valet Parking sign.  We were then directed to walk down a path, knock on the door and give the code word provided by the valet.  We did so and were allowed entry into a Speakeasy with live jazz.  The drinks were amazing; although I hate liquorish, I had to try Absinthe for the presentation alone which involved burning the sugar cube at our table and then adding the cold water.  My wife ended up with a Gin Fizz the first round and a "Sloe and Loe" the second round as I switched to a Moscow Mule.  Dinner was fondue, crabcakes and Chicken & Waffles, tapas style.   The atmosphere was amazing, the service was outstanding, and the drinks and food were excellent.  Wow.
The food and drinks were really great. We went in and had a great experience up until we could here our server saying how he couldn't wait to get out of there and he didn't even want to finish his shift. I do have to say he provided us with great service, that is until he decided he didn't need to finish his shift and passed us on to another server. Our waitress that served us after him was also very nice. Despite this situation we did have a good time and we would go again. I still gave the experience 4 stars because staff can not always be controlled. If you go I would recommend the truffle popcorn, crab cakes, scallops, and bread pudding.
I recently took my mother and family here for her birthday. It was absolutely amazing. You really feel like you are going back in time starting with the entrance. The drinks are all made with fresh fruit and taste delicious. It is a tapas style restaurant so you can order many things off of the menu to try. Every single thing that we ordered was delicious. Our server, Dayton, was extremely kind and attentive to our table. The only thing I wish they had us bread to help hold you over for the wait of your drinks and food. This place is a must see/go. You truly haven't experienced all the great places in Tampa if you have not stopped here.
Novel idea.  Very strong chef BUT management lacks. Attitude has ruined three outings there.  Three times, we are out and so are our friends.  Pretentiousness only goes so far.  Pricey?  not too bad actually, but haughty and downright rude at times.  We do not enjoy being treated like imbeciles and that is what the braided house latch key dude did twice.   A call to manager was not so satisfactory, but we returned due to the Chef's talent and out of town friends.  Where do they get their staff?   Suffer again?  I would rather head to Bella's or Timpano's....
I wish I could give it more stars but I can't. First off the parking lot staff was rude and clueless. He couldn't seem to find our reservation. We had to show him our confirmation email. We had reserved a table for our anniversary. Instead of a cozy private table we were placed at a high top in the bar area. It was loud and crowded. I had people bumping into me and butts in my face. The food was just OK but the drinks were great. That is what earned them the two stars.
I loved this place & wrote a review on my blog! You have to go now! thatgirlallie.com/468267…
I love this place. They have the best bartenders in the bay area. The drinks are always perfect, and the staff always treats you right. It's a great place if you want to get well-made drinks and get away from the normal places that everyone goes to in the area. It's a 20's era styled bar, so they specialize in all sorts of amazing vintage cocktails, including some custom variations on some classics. I love all the whiskey drinks, mainly the Old Fashioned and the Sazerac, but they do have something for everyone is whiskey isn't your thing. The food is always great as well. You have to try the duck fries and the waffle and New Castle Ice Cream dessert. They have a great jazzy vocal and guitar duo on Thursday nights, well worth coming to check out.
Ciro's Speakeasy does a tremendous job of making you feel special from the moment you whisper the password at the door. From the way they greet you, to the dimly lit and yet wonderfully inviting ambiance, it's a refreshing escape from the overly crowded and obnoxiously loud bars down the rest of South Howard. Writing a review for this gem makes me feel like I'm giving away the secret password, it's like I'm inviting more people to join in the special group of patrons who have wined and dined here before. It may be South Tampa's worst kept secret, but going just once won't do it justice. My boyfriend and I like to spend our Tuesday night's sitting in the dark corner of the bar against the brick walls. There is never a doubt that we will get the warmest of welcome from Andrés, the bartender. It's like cozying up with old friends. The drinks that he creates for us are a truly magical experience. He takes us on the history of the cocktails, crafting them from the purest of ingredients with the deepest of passion. It's the moment where it goes from being a drink at the bar, to an evening of stories, history, and learning something new. From the smokey tequila, to the macadamia nut Manhattan, our taste buds have been learning secrets of their own. Being able to say Andrés provides the best customer service I've ever had would not be an understatement. We only go to Ciro's the nights we know we can catch Andrés behind the bar (hint: not Saturdays), it says a lot when customers will rearrange their date because of the service provided. I highly recommend heading over to this establishment and grabbing a drink at the bar, but don't you dare take our corner seat.
Everything about this place is cool. The location is beautiful - surrounded but gorgeous homes and waterfront. The fact that you need a password, the light up menus, the swanky private beaded curtain booths, the attire of the staff, the music, the food and the drinks! I have nothing to complain about!
This is a nice place. Our server, Eric, was very polite and attentive. The booths are cozy and semi-private, but I think you'd be pushing it if you had more than four people. When we made the reservation they told us we only had an hour and a half, but it was a Tuesday and they weren't very busy so it never came up. As far as parking goes, it's the street or I suppose a valet, though there wasn't one when we went. But who cares about that? Let's talk about the cocktails! They were good. Tasty. But I'm sorry, my good Tampans, they are too damn expensive. I am willing to splurge for a tasty cocktail, but I expect it to contain at least as much liquid as a juice box.  If they lowered the price of their drinks by two or three dollars they'd be on the mark, especially since you can get old fashioned Old Fashioneds other places in the Bay area (these places aren't as trendy as SoHo, though). Food: Gross. The duck fries had a nice taste, once you got past the fact that they were limp and greasy. They came with some yummy dipping sauces. The sliders were terrible.Very greasy and despite having three different flavors we couldn't tell what any of them were. In summary: Very atmospheric, nice staff, good but expensive cocktails, skip the food. Probably a good place to start or end your night, but I wouldn't spend a whole evening there.
Oh Ciro's, how I thank you for living up to the hype. I had heard so many good things about this place, that I followed them on facebook for some time before giving them a try. For my first visit, I was able to snatch up a special they advertised on facebook for a group of 10 or more, where they paid for our first round of drinks and comped us two orders of the truffle popcorn and duck fries. Reservations went smoothly, and after finding the door to get in, we were all seated in a large booth, resembling the inside of a party bus. That experience was great, except the service was really slow (they were busier than normal for a Sunday night we were told), and the music in the place is piped through this room first so it was rather loud and annoying. Made it hard to talk to each other. So, I decided to experience it in more of a date night vibe, which it seems to be better for that than large groups. For food, we got the chicken and waffle sliders, which were pretty good, but what made them was the chipotle sauce they served in lieu of the typical syrup most places offer. Portion sizes are small, more like tapas. We also shared a chocolate fondue tray with fruit galore with our friends. For my date night, we chose a Monday night, thinking it wouldn't be busy and we could have the intimate atmosphere we desired. While our visit wasn't ideal (due to the extremely loud and obnoxious group of businessmen and their dates in the booth across from us), it wasn't Ciro's fault, and everything they were responsible for was perfect. We both got cocktails (margarita and mai tai) which were perfect. Our server was prompt and attentive. We shared a cheese and fruit tray, which came with three cheeses, almonds, apricots, and grapes. The blue cheese on this tray was worth every penny, as I've never had anything like it. I was happy we went made this choice! When I went to pay, there was a mixup in the price of the cheese tray due to the recent menu change (our menu was outdated) but they took care of it no problem. Great customer service! Things to know: -Intimate "booths" which are more like curtained closets with an L-shaped couch inside, fitting 2-4 in most of the booths, with some being larger. The cushions give it a laid back vibe, but everything is really classy. -This place is DARK. If you're coming in and it's dark outside, it will take you a good 10 minutes for your eyes to adjust. Thank goodness they have lighted menus! -Candlelight and a few small spotlights are the only lighting offered. Very intimate. -Service is excellent, and I love how they dress to fit the roaring 20's theme. -Food is delicious, and cocktails are one of a kind. Read the descriptions carefully! -Be prepared to spend a decent amount of money for a night out, as most drinks are in the $12-15 range, and small plates around $15-20. They do offer specials of larger meals, but it isn't cheap. However, the food is fantastic, so one could argue it's worth it. ;) -When making a reservation, they'll give you a password, which you'll use at the door. Ciro's is hidden on the bottom floor of a condo off Bayshore Blvd. right near the pool (in the back). Head to the left of the pool and you'll see a stairwell with a wooden door that is unmarked. Knock, and give your password to the person in the hole. The door opens outward, so be prepared! -Parking is valet only, and it's $5. Come with cash!
Well slap on your flapper dresses and fedora's and get ready to travel back to the 1940s, it's time for Ciro's. It's classy yet cas, secretive and swanky. What's not hip is the prices, but hey, you go for the experience. Definitely book a reservation WAY in advance if you expect to get a table and at a decent time. And you've got to have one of those signature they-drank-this-back-in-the-day cocktails, it's a must. And don't forget to dim the lights!
Fantastic place! Each table is very private in its own stall, with drapes all around. The food is amazing. The decor, superb. The drinks, to die for. It's kinda hard to find because it's on the bottom floor of an apartment building, but the security guard is very helpful. Apparently, the whole password thing isn't strictly required, but they like it if you call ahead to get one. Great place for a date, or a cool group outing. There's a small bar area, and several booths, plus 2 larger sitting areas.
Is there a better word than amazing? Stupendous? Marvelous? Anyhow...let's just say the drinks are akin to a party in your mouth...an authentic party. It is all in the details...form the correct glass ware...to different types of ice...real cherries...all of the juices and fun stuff made in house...All of the drinks taste amazing (I think we settled on amazing) from the girly fruity drinks to the man drinks (think Old Fashioned) I could go on but hopefully you are salivating...I know I am. Some of the food is good some is meh...I go here for the drinks and the chance to wear my party dress.
A night at Ciro's is a night you will not soon forget. There's something so alluring about nostalgia, and Ciro's slips you right into that state of romanticizing the past. The bar is set up as a speakeasy akin to those of the Prohibition Era. What makes Ciro's extra special is that they require reservations in advance and passwords must be exchanged at the doorway in order to enter. If your RSVP is approved, you receive a call wherein the magic words are relayed. Luckily, my group and I got the confirmation. Finding the restaurant was an adventure all on its own. We finally found a door with a caged slot and knocked. A hostess's face appeared through the small bars, and after giving her the password, we were escorted to our own private room. Both the drink menu and the food menu immediately caught our eyes. Even though Ciro's is a bar, do not bypass the chance to nibble at their edible specialties. First we tried the Duck Fries from Paris, With Love. This dish was my personal favorite. The fries are hand cut and served with three dipping sauces, all delicious: tamarind ketchup, chipotle maple, and garlic aioli. Next up was the Black Truffle Popcorn. The black truffle butter gave the popcorn a distinct taste of mushrooms - odd yet delicious. Lastly, we indulged in the Chicken Waffle Sliders served with chipotle maple gravy. The sliders were a fantastic interpretation of a classic southern dish and perfect to share among 4 people. Now onto the real stars: the cocktails. I'm a sucker for mojitos and I'm apt to try one whenever they appear on the menu. Ciro's did not disappoint. Their mojito is balanced just right with rum, lime, and sugar, and the presentation is excellent. You can also add a berry mix into the drink for a few extra dollars, creating a new flavor experience that is just as tasty as the original. I also got a Moscow Mule, which was truly delectable. I'm not a huge fan of ginger, but when it's served in a drink like this, I can't resist. The ginger beer really adds a special kick of spice that dances on your tongue with each sip. Others at the table got the Rum Swizzle, the Tim Collins, the Brooklyn Heights, and the Bacardi Cocktail, all of which were masterfully crafted and quite potent. In conclusion, Ciro's is a rare treat that you will be hard-pressed to find in the Tampa area, thanks in part to its hidden location and also to Tampa's generally mediocre food & drink scene. If you're in the area, you absolutely owe it to yourself to stop by and live in the 20s for a few hours.
One of my favorite places to get dressed up and have a drink with friends.  Their extensive drink menu of crafted cocktails is impressive and the bartenders aka mixologists really know their drinks (my favorites are the Moscow Mule and the Tryst. Great for a birthday or special occasion there are private rooms available with curtains and candles for your privacy and to set the mood. Be sure to call ahead and get the password or you won't get into this classy speakeasy joint!
It's none of your business how great this bar is.
Great place with amazing drinks and a sexy ambiance that makes you feel right at home and comfortable. Well educated waiters and the password at the door gives you a great Speakeasy vibe front the start. Hands down, the best place Tampa has to offer!
I've finally made it out to Ciro's. One word:  AWESOME! We started at the bar area until they us relocated to the VIP room. Alright! Drinks were phenomenal. I FINALLY was able to try absinthe for the first time. I'm no fan of black liquorice so the traditional absinthe cocktail wasn't doing it for me. Neat setup and presentation though. I will recommend the Georgia Julep. It's divine bliss as you sip. We tried the black truffle popcorn and the duck fries. Both very delicious. In trying to explore the whole Tampa Bay area more, I'm thinking I have to make it a point to come back.
Eric is the best and his staff makes the best craft drinks in town.
Came here for a surprise birthday dinner for my husband last week and had a wonderful experience. I'm pregnant so I wasn't able to enjoy the cocktails, but everyone else in our party loved them. The food was delicious, especially the duck fat fries, oysters and fondue. The service was what really made this place stand out for me. Our server was very friendly, knowledgeable, accommodating and overall likable. Loved the atmosphere and private dining areas. Will definitely be back when I can enjoy their lovely drink menu!
After months of talking about it, we finally made it to Ciro's last week.  There are a few things to know up front.  Make a reservation.  After you do, you'll get a call with the password for the door.  They go for the authentic speakeasy vibe here.  Staff are in period costume, and some patrons will be, too.  Also, it's important to know that your reservation is for two hours.  The tables have a very precise two-hour limit.  The drinks are amazing and are very precisely-mixed, but they aren't fast because they aren't dumped out of a bottle of premixed flavoring.  Be patient, and order right away to maximize your time.  Ask your server for suggestions.  They are knowledgeable and will not steer you wrong if you let them know what you like.  My favorite drinks were from the gin list, and my top favorites were the Corpse Reviver (lemonade-y) and the Strawberry Gentleman (dessert-like and creamy).  No one had a disappointing drink.  The small plates we shared were all pretty amazing, but the food certainly isn't cheap, so this might be considered more of a special occasion place if you're going for the full appetizer, dinner, and drinks experience. Also, it's good to know in advance that the seating is VERY close.  If you are significantly vertically and/or horizontally above average, you might feel squished.  We had four people of small-to-medium size and were occupying every available inch of space, and our drinks and food required both the tabletop area (the tables are small nesting tables, like end-tables) and our laps.  We weren't bothered by this because we knew to expect it, but it's just something to consider if you aren't a fan of tiny spaces.  On the other hand, for a date night or even a group of close friends, it's perfect and cozy.  :) We really enjoyed the food, the drinks, and the ambiance.  The main thing that will bring us back are the drinks (TRULY higher-quality and memorably distinctive), and the only change we will make is to be more attentive to the time limit on our next visit so that we can get in another drink order in or maybe dessert before our time is up.  Excited to go back!!!
Ciro's was pretty cool. Finding the secretive door was an adventure in its own and a fun experience with my date. Most notable menu items? The Rum Swizzle was yummy and even though it was strong, it was tasty. Don't mind the expensiveness of the drinks- you'll surely be feeling something after at least one. The chicken and waffles was to die for. Very unique place. Private, small booths, that you can hide behind your own curtains. Only negative thing is that I wish some type of 1920's jazz was playing for music rather than the pop radio. Would have been a better vibe. And a flapper/burlesque girl running around would have been fun for atmosphere.
Uber cool speakeasy...did not get to try the food,.. But the cocktails are unbelievable. Everything is crushed, mixed, chopped fresh for each drink,  no plastic bottle mixers to be found....this is very very themed. From the guy in suspenders looking out a small doored window on the front door, to the fact that it is only marked by a door ina larger condo complex adds to the mystique! The food menue was huge,...cant wait to eat at the supperclub. Place was packed ona Wednesday night. The booths ae very private with sheer curtain at the entrance end....for intimate dining. Everyone dresses the part of the roaring 20's. Even the valet was secretive.   The restroom is down a hall looking like the building that contain the club, then another hallway,....then back to the 20's when you reach the bathroom in a seperate part of the larger building!!! COOOL experience!!!
The cocktails were really good, it was fun watching the bartender take his time and actually craft your drink. The waiter and the atmosphere were super entertaining!
I recently moved here from NYC and heard many good things about this place. I had three friends visiting from the city in October, so decided to take them to Ciros. I made the reservation three weeks in advance and was told that I'd receive a call the night of to get the password. At 6pm the night of my reservation (which was for 8:45pm) I still hadn't heard from the restaurant so I called them to retrieve the password. Though I was a little annoyed by that, I decided to overlook that mistake. The ambiance was cool and we were seated in one their booths. Our waitress was very friendly and suggested fantastic drinks to us the entire night. The food was fine, but nothing to rave about. My biggest disappointment of the night was at the end when we were practically pushed out of the restaurant to accommodate another party. They sent three different employees in a matter of ten minutes to tell us that they needed the table. Considering that we had already requested our check, I found this to be  incredibly pushy. I understand the place is popular, but we had 5 people in our party and the restaurant should have anticipated more time for our group. I have never been treated like that at a restaurant/lounge (and I've been to some of the best in NYC, Chicago, and California), especially after paying so much money.  If Ciro's is trying to emulate the speakeasy bars of some of the larger cities, it's got a thing or two to learn about service.
Great place for a special cocktail with a date. Bartenders are very knowledgeable about history of booze and bars and make incredible drinks.  Seven (yes 7) types of ice!!! You can't just order a beer or gin and tonic - have them make something with your poison of choice.   Bottles behind bar are not your normal brands either. Great fun watching bartenders mix drinks!
I took my boyfriend here on a date night when I wanted to treat him around Christmas. Our experience went above and beyond our expectations. I had no problem locating the place. Valet was fast and efficient (know that you have to pay up front in cash). Our password that I received through a phone call earlier in the evening was asked for at the door, speakeasy style. The interior was dark and chic but small. Our reservation was later (10:30pm on a Saturday), but there was no wait. The huge aquarium tank illuminated the room in a very sexy way. Our booth was private, spacious, and comfy. My only complaint is that the walls between booths did not have a barrier, just a wispy cloth- so we could hear all the conversations around us. The couple in the booth next to us was making out and we could see them because you can see through the cloth. That was a bit awkward. Our server, Myles, was phenominal and very attentive. He explained the history of Ciros, many things on the menu, and even gave some awesome drink suggestions that were not on the menu. He truly made our experience there personalized and memorable, so thanks, Myles! The drinks were incredible (I'm a fan of the bourbon flip), but small. Don't expect to get any kind of buzz here without spending a mini fortune. The bill was outrageous for just a few drinks and an appetizer, but I did my research beforehand and knew what prices to expect. This would be a nice date spot to frequent if you had tons of money to blow, but I don't- so I will save this cute little venue for the most special occasions. It's worth it if you want to treat your significant other to something fresh and different than other places in the Tampa Bay.
Came here last month to check things out - much has changed. I like the unique concept of a speakeasy, its very original here in Tampa. Cocktails are still good and very classic.
This place is such a gem!  We went with a group of clients and had a blast.  The vibe is really intimate but has a nice upscale feel.  I'd highly recommend the truffle popcorn.  The duck fries and chicken & waffles combo was also pretty good.
This is really a fun place. If you make your reservation by phone they give you a password. I haven't had any luck getting a password when doing it through opentable, so I guess you have to call.  there is no sign unless the valet is out, in which case there a little one on his stand. Go halfway past the pool, turn left and knock on the wooden door. Give them the password and you're in. Most of the table are in private little alcoves, and the place is really dark. The food is an eclectic collection of high end bar food. Favorites are the gourmet sliders and crostini, the lobster deviled eggs, and the waffle/maple/bacon sundae. The mixed drinks are all wonderful, and a real step back in time. 4 stars for food, 5 stars for ambience and uniqueness.
Love this place! The food was delicious and unqiue. The drinks, artfully made the old fashioned way. Sure, they're a little stingy on who they let in and can quickly turn a reservation into a "who??" but I loved it. From the rules signing to the private booths, and wow the jelly fish tanks. Truly unique, wonderful atmosphere, and great music.
This place is great although quite intimate so I suggest date night! :) The waiters are extremeley knowledgeable and can help you navigate the extensive drink menu! I was given "Dealer's Choice" which meant the waiter asked me a few things about what I like and then delivered a surprise drink that he chose for me. I received the Tryst - which is a cucumber drink. AMAZING!! I also had to get the Absinthe for the overall experience and it was quite fun! The cheese fondue and ENORMOUS crab cake were also out of this world!
Clearly, this place thinks it is something it is not. I gave it two stars instead of one just because my mojito was delicious. Nonetheless, the fake exclusivity is annoying. This lifelong Tampa resident won't be back.
Tried to go here last night, booked a table, they called us to let us know the table was available. We walked back to the restaurant and they had told us that there were no tables. They had no problem taking or reservation, but holding the reservation seemed too difficult for them.
Incredible cocktails, fries & fondu. Different & fun atmosphere. Love taking friends here. Will be back again and again. Pricy but worth it.
3.5. Great atmosphere and service. Our group of 7 got a large room in the back.  The drinks did not live up to expectations--maybe I ordered the wrong ones? Coming from NYC, I thought the drinks were fairly cheap. Will be back again next time I'm home in Tampa--mostly because there's not many other nice bars in the area.
I really enjoyed myself at Ciro's Speakeasy Supper Club. It was hard to tell where it was...there is a wooden door but we didn't notice it because it looked like it was a part of the condos. So we knocked on the wooden door, gave them our password and we were let in. We sat in a private booth with a curtain. You can adjust the lighting to make it really dark in your booth area...so that's we did which made it really romantic :). We only ordered drinks and appetizers. The Tampa Stomp drink was really good according to my bf. I don't like dark liquor that much, but it was actually pretty good. He still talks about that drink. We ordered the hummus and pita for a appetizer and it was good as well. You get to choose 3 different types of hummus and it comes with cucumber and some other veggies with the pita. I gave Ciro's 4 stars because of the price. Each person has to order like 3 things to really make it dinner, and if you include drinks that can easily be $50-$60 per person ( we eat a lot and like to drink). But for drinks, apps, desserts with girlfriends, happy hour or as a spot prior to dinner, I def would come here again.
Ciro's was fantastic! The atmosphere is second to none- very unique, fun, private. Service was excellent too. The drinks- the best ever- fresh, non-sugary, creative! Though definitely pricey. This is Tampa, not NY after all.  The duck confit was outstanding! Melts in your mouth...mmm. It was a work of the culinary art. The fries I thought were too greasy and overpriced. Maybe they would be a good choice for a larger group where everyone gets just a few. The cheese fondue was very good- flavor, consistency, perfection. I'd have preferred to have more than just bread and apples to dip into it. Overall, Ciro's was an unforgettable experience. I can't wait to go back.
One of the best places to eat in Tampa. Call a week ahead for reservations or you will likely only be able to get 5 pm.
I've been to Ciro's several times with groups of friends, I usually spend $70-$100 just on myself for 3 drinks (most are $12-$18 per) and 2 small plates + dessert + auto gratuity if we're in a private booth + $5 to park.  It is by no means a bargain, but it's always a class experience with superior cocktails, and my out of town friends really enjoy it.  I was happy to see they've made some needed improvements, such as replacing some of the heavy high top tables in the lounge with black leather couches, I think they refurbished the aquarium, and they printed new menus, which was sorely needed at the time of my last visit.  I know that they may have some restrictions on construction because of the historic building they're located in, but it would be nice to see the bathrooms updated or at least kept in good working order.  You have to walk through a dank service hallway to get to the unisex bathroom (kind of breaks the 1920's fantasy vibe of the restaurant), which had no toilet paper and a storage cabinet with the door falling off.  The staff is always cordial and knowledgeable, and Ciro's remains a welcome counterpoint to the Ed Hardied throngs of neighboring South Howard nightlife.
Fantastic in every way.  Bartenders make GREAT non-alcoholic drinks too.
Definitely a one of a kind place here in Tampa.  Cocktails are hand crafted and fabulous.  I can't add anything that other reviewers haven't, but try the East 8th!!!
Food is good - Cheese fondue is top notch. Ambiance is perfect - candle lit and lights you can control in your booth. Drinks are very tasty and fun. Service was very attentive and friendly. Multiple people were tending to us other than our main server. Fun experience. So why three stars you say? As a group, we spent $300+, we finished our drinks and were deciding where to go next. A very young and haughty hostess popped into our both and told us we needed to clear out because another party was in waiting. We were clearly close to leaving. Another five minutes wasn't hurting anyone. And lastly, the $5 valet parking is annoying. It's not like the parking lot is far away. It'd be quicker if you could just park yourself. Overall, it's a good one time thing for a special occasion. But in my opinion, if you're going to spend that kind of money... treat yourself to Sideberns instead.
Ciro's is a great little spot.  Fun for a date or for a few friends that want to go out and enjoy some good food, amazing drinks, and conversation.  We had such a good time I don't remember the names of all the drinks LOL.  But our server Ryan made some great suggestions.  The drinks we had included the Mai tai, which was very tasty, a raspberry and gin concoction that was outstanding, and my personal favorite was the Hendricks gin with strawberry and lemon (and I'm not a gin guy). The meat and cheese tray was also delicious!  Go there, take a chance and drink something you normally wouldn't order, then ENJOY.
Unique experience!! Love this place!! Wish they would open more restaurants like it..or at least one in South Fl where I live!!
Came here on a Friday night with a couple of friends after they had been and highly recommended it.  I really loved the prohibition style atmosphere.  I was quite impressed with the style and actual dedication in which it was presented.  After being seated our waiter went through the drink menu with my gf and I as neither of us really knew where to start.  The cocktails were amazing, pricey, but amazing, everything is made from scratch and what the bartenders do is really a work of art.  The waiter brought our some hors d'œuvres, I think I lucked out, getting chocolate dipped bacon with orange zest!!  As for the rest of the food, we ordered chicken and waffles, and the diver scallops, both of which were amazing.  Awesome atmosphere and hand crafted cocktails, the price puts it in the "once in a while" category, but still a place that everyone should go at least once for the experience.
We visited Ciro's for the first time during our short stay in Tampa.  I'm fairly sure we'll be back.   Best drinks I've had in a very long time. Make sure your server gives you a history. Bartenders are extremely knowledgable and crafty. If you don't know what you want, give your server a hint and he/she will make sure you have the best drink you've had in a very long time.  We tried a few things off the menu.. duck, lobster deviled eggs, escargot and duck fries.  All were fantastic but the recommended drinks were even better.
What a great find this gem turned out to be!  This place is truly unique and we had a great time taking the advice of other local bartenders to check this place out.  It seems challenging for them to find the right balance of exclusivity and hospitality, authenticity and practicality but I think it's understandable given how unique this spot is.  There's not a cookie-cutter manual on how to run a "speakeasy" these days and I give them kudos for really going for it.  The brave move will rub different people different ways and that's understandable but if you're game to relent some preconceptions and give their idea a shot I think you'll be glad you did.    Ryan took great care of us with cocktail recommendations.  Both Ryan and Richard made us feel welcome even though it was our first time in and by no means fit the "scene" that other reviewers mention.  They seem passionate about that place genuine in their hospitality.    Thanks for the great time, we look forward to making it back.
My friend took me here on a surprise outing and the entire experience was excellent. I believe our waiter's name is Eric, and his service was outstanding - he took the time to go over the menu with us, gave us an enthused rundown of the backstory for Ciro's and its homage to the prohibition era. When my friend's drink was too strong, he took it back to the bar and had it sorted out with any issue, even though we told him it was unnecessary; he wanted to be sure we enjoyed every aspect of the meal. Sure, the food is a little pricey, but it is AMAZING food. You are also paying for the atmosphere and the experience, and I would say it is all well worth the price tag. If you're sitting in the booths, each booth is closed off for privacy and though you can slightly see through the curtains enclosing each booth, you can only really make out that there are people in the booth, not who they are. The music is loud enough so you can't hear other groups' conversations, but low enough to easily be heard by people within your own party. if you're interested in doing something unique and having seriously good (appetizer-portioned) food, definitely check it out!
Bottom line if you're in Tampa...Ciros is a MUST! great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. drinks and food plates range in price from $5-$40 or so for oysters. The servers were extremely knowlegeable and kind and not to mentioned dressed up from the roaring 20's. I was a little cold and they even brought over a little blanket in our cozzy table corner. More restaurants should take note!
Best drinks in Tampa. You've got to try the truffle popcorn and Newcastle ice cream and waffles
really cool place. the booths are actually partitioned by a curtain for added privacy/seclusion. Its a small touch that adds to the experience. The menu is meant to be shared which, for this place works. Its kind of a tapas style of eating. Just looking at the menu makes you want to try everything on it. The quality of the food is good. unique offerings with excellent presentation for both the drink and food menu. overall a really good and fun dining experience. No real complaints other than the chatter in the kitchen got a little loud from time to time, and no it was not work related. I highly recommend and would revisit next time I'm in the area.
I've tried this place many times, and still don't care for it. I'd suggest going to the bar if anything; but as far as eating at a "table", I'd pass. While I respect the thought behind it, being forced to ring a bell to get in is a little ridiculous. The "tables" are very cramped if you have more than 2 people, and you're sealed off from other tables by tapestries and fabric. Every time after visiting here, I feel like I should expect to see a needle hanging out of my arm. Again, the bar is cool - but I'd pass on the tables...
small menu but great food! a bit on the pricey side for the amount of food that you get, but the experience is well worth it. the drinks are out of this world amazing! again, a bit on the pricier side from $11-13 dollars a cocktail but certainly worth it. tastes that your palate has probably never experienced. this place is small. there are booths which run along each side. some booths a bit bigger than others seating 6 with very little leg room so go with people you dont mind being seated close to. if you have an issue with personal space then this place is probably not for you. these booths are enclosed in translucent drapes making it somewhat private and intimate. inside the booth is a loungey sofa with throw pillows. candles burning in cutouts on the wall, a dimmer to control lighting, two small nesting tables. the lighting all over is a bit on the darker side. very sexy. the drink menu is groovy. be sure to ask for the off menu drinks created by the staff. gruyere fondue with shitake mushrooms, raw oysters on the halfshell with whatever mignonette they compose on that day, french fries with duck fat, seared scallops, crab cakes, lamb. this is an intimate place, where you come to enjoy quality conversation, good food and drinks, all served in a not so typical setting. must visit!
The concept of this place is cool, but my husband & I went there, & they essentially sit you in a little tiny booth, close the sheers, & you're in there just the two of you. The sheers are dark, & the tables are more like end tables than regular tables. So while the atmosphere could have been cool, I barely saw any of it. I thought that these would be booths surrounding a common area, but they are very solitary. It was pretty bizarre. The food was good but small tapas, of course. If you want to stare at each other incessantly, & be alone, then go here. To me it is so solitary, why are you even eating out at a restaurant?
I LOVE this place. Maybe I'm partial because that's where my husband proposed, but still, we loved it way before then. This is a top-notch date night place. Get a little fancy and plan to spend some $ - not a cheap place. But honestly, at Ciro's, I don't care. The drinks are wonderful and unique, the food (esp the chicken&waffles) is nothing short of amazing. We take friends here for a special night out when they come into town. You're also getting a really great, one-of-a-kind experience. I've never been to, let alone heard of, another 1930's style speakeasy and supper club. They have a wonderful atmosphere and the private booths really set a lovely tone, although they can also handle reasonable sized groups. If you're looking for a special occasion place, or want something a little out of the ordinary - GO HERE!! You won't be disappointed if you have any taste for things classy and romantic.
very authentic speakeasy. amazing ambience and drink selection. i had a glass of french absinthe that was delicious. i haven't tried the food yet but a friend told me about a newcastle ice cream that was richter.
