Arirang is, in my opinion, the best of the Korean restaurants in the Tampa Bay area. I've eaten multiple times at all of the major Korean restaurants in town, and really enjoy the cuisine. Arirang was one of those places that had been on my bucket list for quite a while since it is a ways south on MacDill Avenue, and a good hike from Carrollwood. You'll find Arirang about midway between Gandy and Interbay on S. MacDill in the Ballast Point area of town. My frequent dining companion and very dear friend, Anna M, and I were in the mood to try something different for dinner, and after a quick look through our Yelp bookmarks we both decided on Arirang. The restaurant is small, but very cozy, beautifully decorated, and supported by a fantastic staff. Our server for the evening was named Young, and she spent some time welcoming us to the restaurant and telling us a bit about its name and its cuisine. This very delightful lady was quite helpful, and willing to answer all sorts of questions about their menu and their specials. "Arirang", pronounced AH-Re-Ang is the name of a Korean folk song, and is considered the unofficial national anthem of Korea. The food of the Korean peninsula is an interesting blend of Chinese, Japanese, and Portuguese flavors. After we looked over the menu, I decided to order something different from my usual Galbi short ribs, and so I placed an order for spicy pork Bulgogi. But first.... how about some appetizers? We ordered the fried Yaki Mandu dumplings which were filled with chopped pork, beef, chives, white onions, and green onions, and served with a spicy dipping sauce. We also ordered a small tasting of bacon-wrapped scallops topped with chopped green onions and sesame seeds. Normally this is the point during your meal where you rub your tummy and wait for the main course, but at Arirang they have more surprises for you. Young was back with a trio of Korean tastes to put in front of each of us. We started with a small tossed salad topped with a miso dressing, a second bowl with some grilled pork floating in an herbaceous broth that's great over white rice, and finally a third bowl with their savory pumpkin soup. While we were busy nibbling away, Young brought out the traditional Korean banchan side dishes, and in this case we had nine different little bowls of greens, bean sprouts, radishes, pickles, kimchi, grilled onions and more. She also brought some Bibb lettuce wraps, a spicy paste, and a bowl of white rice. Next came our actual main dishes, and in my case the Bulgogi was a sizzling skillet filled with grilled strips of marinated pork. The Bulgogi was topped with sesame seeds and had a healthy kick of spicy heat which I really enjoyed. Young showed me the traditional way to eat Bulgogi which was to put a few pieces inside a lettuce wrap, add some of the savory paste, grilled onions, and then roll it up and enjoy. You would then take bites of banchan in between nibbles on the lettuce wrap. Thankfully I decided to stop after eating half of my main course, as Young was back again with a bowl of diced, fresh fruit that had been marinated in lemon juice and Sprite -- and it was fantastic! She also gave each of us a mug of their spiced cinnamon tea as a digestive aid after such a heavy meal. She very kindly refilled the banchan before wrapping up all of the leftovers, and she sent me home with plenty of Korean food for the next two days! All throughout our meal Young was checking with us, and answering lots of questions about Korean cuisine and cooking techniques. At the conclusion of our dinner we also met Misook, the owner, and had a great visit with both of these delightful ladies. After I reviewed all of the food, and the customer service, and the genuine hospitality that I received for the cost of my meal, I am convinced that these folks are the best in town! I really like Korean food, and so I'll gladly go back to see them again. My dinner was $25 for everything listed above, which included two Diet Cokes. If you're in that area for lunch, many of their lunch-sized portions are priced under $12.
Hot stone bowl bi bum bop is simply amazing. Beef bulgogi with all the amazing homemade side dishes is outstanding. Cucumber kimchi, cabbage kimchi and radish kimchi is magical. This place is a hidden gem. Please make it a point to stop by. The staff is very helpful and amazing.
I came in for a late lunch and really enjoyed myself here. The staff are super welcoming and because I was the only one in there, I got quite a bit of attention, haha.  They're super friendly here. They have a lunch special and even though I came at the very end, they honored it which I appreciated. Ordered the galbi and it came with 6 banchan (SCORE! that's my fave part). It also came with lettuce and cabbage for wraps. Cabbage wraps were new to me but it was cool. They checked up on my a bit and made sure my water was filled. For those unfamiliar with Korean food, this would be a nice start since the placemats provide a bit of an introduction to the food and the server explained how to eat it. I'd come back to check out their other dishes and to chat with the server, haha.
The food and the service are excellent here. I've had the bibimbap and the omelet rice, and both were perfect. Most Korean food is not vegetarian, but they have been great about modifying the dishes for me to cut out the meat. If you aren't used to Korean food, this place is perfect because the servers will explain what everything is and how to eat it. All of the little bowls can be intimidating if you haven't been to a Korean restaurant before, but your server will explain everything. Although I would not say it is a great place for kids, they were very accommodating and helpful when we brought our two young children.
One of the best complete meals I've had in Tampa, from start to finish. Had the yaki mandu to start, then we shared the the pork and beef bulgogi.  Between these 2 they gave us 8-10 banchan, I honestly can't remember because the table was covered with bowls and plates of food.  Then when we were done they gave us cinnamon tea and fruit salad...a welcome surprise. I'm confident in saying this was probably the best Korean food I've had in Tampa.  And by far some of the best customer service of any restaurants in Tampa.  Everyone was helpful in helping us decide on what to get and especially helpful and nice to our young daughter.  It makes a difference. When then the food tastes this good and the customer service is beyond expected I feel like I want to go back again and try more things on their menu.   If it's out of your way, it doesn't matter, Arirang is worth the trip.
Went here for the 1st time today w/ my fam. My two children ordered the kids beef Bulgogi & rice & loved it, my husband ordered the sirloin steak salad which he said was good but the next time he'd just order the beef w/ a salad on the side because he's a meat eater. I ordered the beef galbi which came w/ a few traditional sides of lettuce, Wasbi onion, bean paste & rice. Of course we were presented w/ the traditional banchan (other traditional sides). My galbi was ok, the seasoning was good but the meat was tough. I was disappointed so will I go there again...probably but not sure if I'll order the galbi dinner again $24.99 & be disappointed again. All the apps, mandu & egg rolls were good as well.
Flavorful, fresh Korean food. Excellent service. Clean & inviting atmosphere. Thank you, chef!
We ordered the Galbi and Spicy Pork Ribs, it came with 6 korean sides, 2 pork and rice soup with boiled pork ribs and side salads.  All the ingredients were fresh, i believe thats what we enjoyed most about the dishes.  Their home-made ginger hot tea was delicious and a must try.   The galbi had a good taste but the portion size seemed for only one person not enough for a family of 5.   The Spicy Pork Ribs were delicious and the portion size was fitting for us.  We had to order a beef bulgogi too to satisfy our hunger haha which was good too, unlike other surrounding Korean restaurants, Arirang's beef bulgogi was dry and not drenched is yummy sauce - it was a pleasant surprise.   At the end they gave us fruit salads that have been marinating in sprite, sugar and lemon juice...it was a nice ending to a tasty dinner.  Service was great too!!
We've been here a few times now and the food is great. I splashed out on the bulgogi last time and can highly recommend it, very well cooked and excellent quality meat - some of the best Korean food I've had since NYC. The location is pretty unprepossessing, but the restaurant is nice inside and the hostess is super nice (loud but extremely welcoming :).
It might have been that their foods were cooked differently than I'm used to. I ordered the Kalbi-tang and I'm used to a full egg cracked on the top of it, but this egg was stirred in with the soup. Which isn't the biggest of deals, but I'm half-Korean and was  brought up that way. They also lacked a few Korean dishes that I'm used to, and/or beverages too. Per Trevor on 7/26, it MAY be the best in Tampa, because.. this isn't Koreatown, after all. But it's not the best, if you're used to truly down-home Korean food.
I started out with fried dumplings and finished with the stone bowl Bibimbop. Both were super tasty. I also tried some of the spicy chicken bulgogi, which was great. Lastly, the cinnamon tea is quite good, but I am sure the ginger one would be tasty, too. Our waitress was super friendly and helpful. She gave tips to my wife about what she might like...and apparently they were spot-on from my wife's reaction. I really wish this place was located closer to my house, so I could come here more often.
I've been really wanting to try this place and I enjoyed my experience even though it seems there are still a few kinks they need to hammer out as a newly opened business. I'm not sure what's going on with the ventilation, but it is a bit smoky throughout the dining area and that burnt oil smells seems to accompany it. The menu needs some work as it can be a little confusing. There isn't much for explanations of the dishes, but the waitress was able to help. We ordered the dumplings (because they were out of egg rolls) along with egg soup and we decided to split the pork ribs entree. The dumplings were delicious and were obviously handmade. They were stuffed full of fresh veggies, although I had a hard time discerning any meat. A very delicious and spicy dipping sauce was served with it. It was a nice portion and was around $4, so I was pleased with that. The egg soup was excellent. There were big, soft pieces of egg and the broth was delicious all by itself. The soup was only $3.50 per serving, so again, good value for good food. The entree threw me off a bit. The meat you order gets served with 6 sides. They actually came before the appetizer, so I tried all of them on their own and I enjoyed all of them. The bean sprouts and the spinach were especially delicious. We weren't told that they serve lettuce so you can make wraps with the sides and the meat. This would have been good to know because the lettuce leaves were served after we already began eating everything and also, we ordered ribs, so I wasn't sure how they expected someone to make wraps with ribs that were short on meat. I'm glad we chose to split the entree because with the sides, it was enough food and at around $20 for an entree, the price wasn't too bad when split. Even with the ribs being a bit skinny, I still had enough to eat. The flavor of the ribs was delicious, but there just wasn't much meat on them. A really nice surprise was the tea and fresh fruit they serve for free at the end of the meal. All the fruits looked and tasted as fresh as the vegetables from dinner and the tea has a wonderful cinnamon and spice taste. All in all, it was a pleasurable experience. They must not have their beer and wine license because no alcohol was available, so I hope they will obtain that soon as many people look forward to drinking Asian beers at Asian restaurants, myself included. I will definitely be back to hopefully try the egg rolls and some other entrees that I can actually make into a lettuce wrap. I assume the little kinks will be worked out soon.
Food was fabulous and the owner and it's staff made us feel at home!  More locals and military neighbors should try out this authentic Korean spot!
First time having Korean food and the staff was super helpful and excited to help us.  Started off with tea. My husband had ginger and I had the cinnamon. Both were very good but I preferred the cinnamon tea. We had the seafood pancake as a starter. It was HUGE and probably my favorite part of the meal. I liked how crispy the outside was and the green onions and garlic sauce accompanied the seafood very nicely. For entrees, we shared the Bibimbab and the spicy tofu soup. Both were served with 4 sides which seem randomly picked. We had wilted spinach, kimchi, kimchi cucumbers, garlic radish, spicy radish, bean sprouts, garlic cucumbers and kimchi pancake. They were all good. The kimchi items were my favorite.  Definitely will return but may stick to one entree and maybe an appetizer to share or bring more people. I think we have enough leftovers for the rest of the week.
I came to this place on a whim. I walked in and was the only person in the restaurant so I was a little skeptical on whether it was going to be good or not but I was not disappointed. The staff were very friendly, helpful and kind.  Being the only person in the beginning part of my dinner, I had the pleasure of getting little bits of conversation with a handful of them before people started rolling in. I had the beef bulgogi. It wasn't the kind I was used to but it was still good. A lot of flavor and they gave pieces of lettuce if you wanted to make a wrap. I had enough food to feed about 3 people! Definitely a great choice.
First time here at Arirang. Best korean food in Tampa or in Florida. Everyone should try it. Traditionally decorated. Service was really nice too.
Probably the worst restaurant experience ever. I work in a restaurant and know Asian food. The food was alright, but the owner was so unprofessional. Yelling at her male server in front of the customer for a simple mistake. Then they walked into the back where she continued to scream at him for the whole restaurant to hear. Horrible.
I'm so glad they finally put a Korean restaurant in my neighborhood. I love the authenticity of this place. The waitresses are all very polite and the food was very good. I only have one complaint and that is the smoke inside the building, which they told us they were building a vent for the roof so the smoke can escape. I hope that gets done soon!
Love them....very friendly place with good food make sure to try the bulgogi and bibimbap
Delicious sides with every meal! I don't even like kimchi typically, but theirs was delicious. I had the tofu soup. I normally love spice, but the amount of spice kind of overwhelmed the dish, and downplayed the flavor in it. Overall, a great deal.
Food is great and deserves 4 stars. But the service and wait for it is terrible. If you don't mind waiting for the food check it. Try the spicy pork and galbi. Both great dishes.
Great Korean food addition to Tampa. Very good and pleasant service. Generous portions. We tried to the spicy pork bulgogi and the flavor was spot on. Craveable chili taste with a touch if sweetness. Also had the Mandu which were on target and a great seafood pancake which was tasty and came with a great sauce. The sides were plentiful and they offered to refill. Cinnamon tea at the end was a perfect ending! All in all better service than Sa Ri One in a much nicer setting. Recommend!
Everything was delicious!  I had pork bulgogi he had chicken. Spicy wasn't very spicy so don't hesitate if your thinking about it. Sevice, atmosphere,  and parking were great! A classy place in a shady part of town. Make sure to visit if you are adventurous!
The food here was soooooo delicious. The ginger tea was amazing and the pork bugogi was so fresh and had no fat on it at all like Matoi often does. I also had the fried dumplings and they were really good. The hot tofu soup was the best I've had in a long time here in south tampa. This place outs Matoi and Sari One to shame. My whole office is ordering lunch from here today!!
We love Korean food, so when we heard that a new place was here in Tampa, we had to come try it. You walk inside and it is a pretty cool décor/atmosphere, and the cleanliness, neatness, and organization immediately jump out at you. We went on a Monday afternoon, so there were only a few other people there. The staff is very friendly and sociable, which hasn't been the norm for most Korean restaurants we've been to (especially in K-town, Los Angeles and 1 of the spots here in Tampa). Our waitress came and answered questions and made suggestions on the menu, as well as general chit chat. The menu isn't that big, but has the main/most popular Korean dishes. Mostly grilled meats, as my wife commented that they didn't have a lot of the soups & porridges. I had the spicy chicken, she had a soup, and the little one had the kids omelet rice. We also shared some steamed dumplings. The dumplings weren't bad. Next they brought out the little side dishes. I really enjoyed the veggie pancake(something I don't normally eat), the potatoes in I think sesame oil, the bean sprouts, and the spinach. The wife ate the various kimchee dishes. Then the food came. My daughter's rice was pretty big and she only ate half, but she liked it. My chicken was spicy and came with lettuce and cabbage to wrap it with. It was good, especially with the bean paste that was on the table. Their chicken wasn't very saucy and not sweet like you get at a lot of the other places(I actually prefer this, but it's just a PERSONAL preference). My wife liked her soup, but she also said that it had a different taste from most Korean spots that we've been to. Overall I think it is a 3.5 because I prefer the taste you generally find at other places(our personal tastes), but the experience here was really good. Though we liked a number of things about here, I can't truthfully say that I'm a fan, which is why I rounded down. We may come back and eat here again, but if we don't it's because the other 2 Korean restaurants are closer to where we live(and one has sushi, which may or may not be considered Korean food). Do check this place out for yourself and feel free to tell me what you think.
I am no stranger to Korean food and eat at Korean restaurants frequently.  So when I heard that a new Korean restaurant opened in the area, I got excited and drove right over.  It's a small place on S. MacDill and is very busy with both Koreans and Westerners. The food here is VERY good and most certainly authentic. In fact, I found out that Chef Misook previously owned restaurants in Osan, S. Korea - a huge plus in my book.  I was surprised how they were able to replicate flavors using local ingredients. For starters, get the dumplings. Vegetarians need to try the bibimbap (it's truly the best I've ever had in this area) and be sure to get the fried tofu as one of your panchan. The bulgogi is excellent, and served in normal sized pieces so you can savor it, and even share with family and friends. Awesome. My only suggestion would be to play Kdramas and Kpop videos on the television screen.  Other than that, all of our experiences at Arirang were very pleasant and we always leave with huge smiles on our faces.
I went with a group of girl friends and we started with the Dumplings, the spicy garlic sauce that comes with them is amazing and I asked for more to eat it with everything we had that night! Dumplings were good too! I had one of the soups and it was ok but not my favorite. My friend that got the spicy pork loved it. The portion was huge and we all passed it around and tried it. It was really tasty and the waitress did say it was her favorite. Another girl got the beef, forgive me I can't remember the name, it came in a huge portion and the waitress cut it up it was also delicious! I'm bad at Korean food and never know what to get but this far exceeded my expectations. And better than another place we tried in town. I would order the dumplings again with extra sauce. The amount of sides is ridiculous that we got, I liked a few of them and was plenty full when we left. BYOwine is great so don't forget your wine!
Very nice clean restaurant.  The fried dumplings were amazing with a garlic dipping sauce.  The sauce was so good we had to get another order to enjoy some more.  A nice addition to the South Tampa area.  We had the waiter go over the options and he helped us navigate some tasty options.  No clue how to pronounce or spell anything but we enjoyed it all.
My family loves ethnic. They were in from Charleston, a big foodie town, so the pressure was on.  I saw Airang advertised and said lets try this.  Wow, what a great surprise. My partner was stationed in Korean, so I knew we were in for a test.  It was just fantastic, it surpassed everyones expectations!  Food, presentation, and service and ambiance wonderful.  We each had a different bulgogi which came with 6 side dishes.  Each side dish came served in a charming handmade ceramic covered dish.  We ordered an appetizer which we really didn't need because we were stuffed on the bulgogi and side dishes and small fruit dessert cup.  The appetizer was wonderful though, a steamed type dumpling with spinach and meat.  The staff was friendly, and attentive.  It was extra charming as they were dressed in Korean traditional dress.  The only thing you might find a bit funky is the music, and you would only understand it if you had been stationed overseas near an American base...but, for me it was fun as I was I taught on a Naval Base overseas. It is just a mix of old style romantic American songs.  Me and my family rate this a 5 star all the way!!!!
