Kosta and his wife are very customer oriented, and Kosta is entertaining.  Some call a trip there going for  'Lunch and a Show'. The pizza is excellent.  The wings are large and always well cooked (rooster wings). The subs are really big and cooked beautifully.  Especially like the sausage and 'Kosta's Delight'. The Kosta fries are also really good as is his stromboli. But the best thing on the menu are the gyros.  Get one and enjoy.  It is a big meal, very filling and delicious.  Order it with 'half the sauce'; you can thank me later.   Last things:  Kosta's is cash only and you pay for your food after you eat.  No check, no problem.
Awesome place. Stopped in for lunch. Kosta was very friendly and the food was delicious. Definitely worth a visit!
HOLY MOLY.   Kostas fries - GET THEM.   Perfect balance of fried goodness and seasoning.  If this place was in NYC, the fries would be $15 or something. Get the special pizza.  It's greek style.  And filled with all of Zorba's love.   It's a hole in the wall and its not particularly a pretty place to eat but it definitely has lots of love... and I certainly loved the food!
The service is terrible and the food is generally cheap and below average. Right off the bat, let me tell you that the customer service skills and the unsatisfactory levels of phone etiquette turned me off to this place. Whoever took my order was impatient, impolite, and just plain rude. The pizza appears to be made with pre-made dough and the wings were tiny, overcooked, and frankly totally unoriginal. The one thing that I will possibly return for are the subs. Although they about average in quality, they are very big and very inexpensive. Prices are low here and the subs are pretty big, but I'm not happy with the way I was treated by the staff and the pizza and wings were not memorable at all.
This is the kind of little dive I'm gonna miss like hell when I leave Syracuse.  Had an excellent gyro (from a spit, not directly out of the fridge) and the owner and his family are very pleasant folks to be around.  Everything smelled good as hell, but the gyro is good enough (and they are few and far between in this city) that I might never stray from it.
Decent family place. Definitely get the gyro. Well worth going there for just the gyros. Yumm.
A hidden gem. As deceiving a storefront as you'll ever come across. Situated off the beaten path on the edge of a residential neighborhood, Kosta's food is unique and outstanding. The food is excellent. As long as the "local hole in the wall" ambiance doesn't scare you off, you will thoroughly enjoy your culinary adventure in little ol' East Syracuse, New York!
