Delivery is super fast, pizza never disappoints, friendly delivery people and very reasonable prices on everything. Try their salads too!
This place is in a shady little shopping center off of Dale Mabry.  I ordered from there because it was close and had good reviews.  I had a small pepperoni and meatball pizza and antipasta salad.  Neither one was really good, really just barely ok.  I kind of knew it wasn't going to be good when I walked in and saw they cooked their pizza with one of those conveyor belt pizza ovens. Any place that uses one of those ovens is guaranteed to suck.  I would have been better off going to Dominos.
Best calzone I've had in a long time!
Not a real big pizza fan but damn theses folks know what they doing here. Stopped by just to grab a slice.the special was two slices and a drink for $4.99 can't beat that and man it was good I will come again.
Tried this place out tonight as they are right up the street from my house. My pizza arrived hot and fresh in less than 15 minutes, on a Saturday night! So A+ for delivery!  And I am finding the pizza quite good.  They have lots of other items I will be interested to try. I will definitely be back!
Mmmm mmmm Mmmmm that is all i should really say...... This is the best pizza I have had in a longggg time. This is my new spot. There pizza is freash right amount of sauce cheese just falls off and the wings are slammin. Oh yes and the prices are so right they have awsome specials. I wont be going anywhere else im in love.
Some of the best pizza and sub combos in town.  Go here once a week for lunch.  Great staff and quick service.  Pizza has great flavor.  They garlic the crust as well, making every pie unique.  A great New York style option.
Small, locally owned restaurant. Absolutely LOVE it! They don't even have a fryer, so everything is baked; which for me, is a plus. Their grinders are amazing! I love the chicken parm.
this place is killer, especially for the prices. definitely my favorite local pizza shop. the white pizza is eh. can't go wrong with just cheese. the crust is nice and flavorful. tried delivery once, the guy had no idea how to handle an apt complex (right down the street!) and scolded me for writing my apt number instead of directions... stick with carry out or dine in.
Very good pizza!!!  Friendly service-- will definitely order from them again!
Great wings! Good pizza and bread too. Pickup was ready when I got there, no wait. Reminded me of the great pizza places up in New England. There were some good specials too so the value is good. Owner was there when I picked up dinner and was very friendly. Only thing I'll do different next time is get red sauce instead of the garlic butter for the bread sticks. Looking forward to trying it again.
Stopped in for lunch and two words Pepperoni Rolls..... and Lunch Special. Pepperoni Rolls are hard to describe maybe Italian Egg Roll, who knows but i can tell you they are delicious. Think Pepperoni and Cheese wrapped in a seasoned dough blanket. Stop in!
Damn good pizza and probably the best wings in South Tampa. I recently had their white pizza, which was killer, and I have not found better wings in all of South Tampa. I also tried their spaghetti and a red sauce and...it was pretty boring. I can tell their soul goes into the pizza and wings, but the pasta sauce was definitely an afterthought because it tasted like canned tomatoes with zero work put into it. The pasta itself was cooked nice and al dente though. Overall, this is a very solid pizza and wing joint with fast delivery. If you're in that area of South Tampa and you haven't tried it, I highly suggest you give them a call!
I wish this place would stop being 1200 miles away so I could eat here.  Best wings ever.  Huge slices of pizza.  Super prices. And if I remember correctly,  I believe they had mr. Pibb! (Ok no big deal,  but they don't sell it in new York,  so I was excited)
I've only the pizza, but I can say it's my favorite in Tampa. There's some gourmet pizza places here and there, but when I want a classic pizzeria style pizza, Slice is my spot. The owner Jack is a great guy, and they have a military discount which I always love to see. I didn't serve, but I'll always go out of my way to support those who support those who do. Unless their food sucks, but we've already crossed that bridge, this pizza is great!
Ate in-house last night with my fiancee and her parents and this place was smashing! The 70's and 80's music, with a lax atmosphere made this place even more great. The food though... Man that food. The pokey bread was simply amazing with its garlic flavored greatness. The cheese fries were cut, seasoned and came out just right. The coup de gras was the pizza. One 20" meathead was more than we bargained for. Aside from its gargantuan size, this pizza is definitely ranked in my top two favorites and four of us could only handle half (yay for next day breakfast.) Great staff, nice atmosphere and kickin' food makes this place a must go in the future.... We will be back without a doubt.
Excellent Pizza. I think some of the best in the area (better than the more expensive pizza places!). We've never eaten in the restaurant, only ordered for pickup through their very good online ordering system. The pizza is made from great dough and fresh ingredients, and is prepared quickly. We've tried all the other pizza places in the area, but we keep coming back to Slice. Highly recommend if you are looking for good pizza.
There was something about listening to Styx, Foreigner, and Journey that made my meal non-optimal. However, we had friendly service and affordable tasty pizza in a clean and spacious establishment, far to the south of Gandy. Also, they made a tiny mistake with our order and loaded us up with cheesy bread as an apology. No worries! Thanks for that consideration!
They have pretty good pizza and their online deals are not bad, but my wife and I both agree that their wings were pretty bad. My suggestion is to order pizza from slice and get wings from the Chinese place next door. The employees were nice.
Good pizza, fast delivery. Also, the online ordering is very easy and gives access to great deals. I will say that the wings were super salty and not nearly vinegar-y enough (I ordered them with buffalo sauce, medium heat, and expected more of the Franks Red Hot-type taste.)  But I'll forgive them because we really liked the pizza, and it tastes great cold too.
Had to cancel another pizza places order, they forgot about us! So glad they did, this pizza was right on spot and the grinder was extra tasty!
I do not understand how people can like this pizza. It is one step above buying a frozen DiGiorno's pizza at Walmart and sticking it in the oven. It's horrible. We also ordered the garlic knots and they were over-browned and dry. However, I will say that they have good wings for a place that delivers. Horrible pizza. But if you like pizza that is thick, chewy and has a bitter-tasting red sauce, then this is the place for you!
Pizza is bang bang. I have never ate there only delivery. The wings are as bad as people say! I read a bunch of reviews warning me to stay away from the wings. WHY DIDNT I LISTEN?!?!?!?!? I don't know what they do to them before they cook them, maybe some sort of dry rub (that is not good) too salty? vinegary? never ordering the wings again- but the pizza is good :-)
