I've been to Cook's several times and they never fail to impress me. Whether its a full English breakfast or Coronoation chicken, I have never had anything that was less than stellar. Pro tip: Order the scones!
If you haven't had the opportunity to visit someone's home in England and have a home cooked meal, here's your chance. This is truly British home cooking. They even cook everything in your standard homestyle kitchen. I really don't know how they do everything in a non-commercial kitchen, but they do it, and they do it wonderfully. I just had the curried sweet potato soup and it is one of the best soups I've had anywhere. I also ordered the coronation chicken salad and it was fantastic. The chicken was incredibly tender and the salad, itself, was very fresh. Cook's Kitchen is really fun, it's different and most of all, it's freakin' delicious!
Ok, I'm a regular here. They know me by name...and often start ordering for me before I start opening my mouth. If I care about you...I bring you here. But of course, I am English. Cooks has been my "Sunday afternoon" treat for over 3 years. The food has never been anything but great. The Coronation Chicken Sandwich (you can also have it as a salad), The Ploughmans (very English and often misunderstood...it's my favorite thing on the menu) or the Full English Breakfasts are amazing. If you're new and would like something a little less daring then the egg sandwiches are what they are famous for. Also try their turkey sandwich or the light and fresh shrimp salad sandwich. Get a pot of hot tea for the table. And finish the whole thing with a warm scone and fresh table cream and jam. Nothing disappoints here.
Quaint British influenced spot for breakfast, soups, salads, and dessert. I had a bagel with smoked salmon. The overall quality was excellent. It also came with a side of fruit which was a variety of raspberries, strawberries, a big boysenberry, honeydew melon, banana, cantaloupe, and peaches. The kitchen is behind a counter where you eat, so you can see as they prepare your food. I was pleasantly surprised.
Possibly my favorite restaurant. Fresh food and friendly service. South Tampa is lucky to have you!  Try the egg salad, coronation chicken and chicken liver pate. Yum!
Little diner on the corner of Gandy & Quincy. The owners are British & have brought the British style cooking to south Tampa with this quick bite lunch spot. They have some British goodies & snacks around the counter which always reminds me of my childhood. Salads are delicious & made with fresh ingredients. Egg salad is delicious! Sandwiches I've tried thus far have always been satisfying. This may not be the next new & innovative flavor spot for lunch but there are some great classics which reminds me of home cooking of my mother & family. Give it a try next time for lunch!
I wanted fresh soup and sandwich and this is the place to go. Turkey sandwich had Fresh shreds of turkey meat not just cold cuts! This is a British little deli/market place that also has daily specials and desserts so always something new. I recommend you get a dessert to go! Lots of salad options also. Looking forward to try the other sandwiches.
Great for quick dinners, their fridge is usually stuffed with Cottage pies, Curry chickens and my more recent favorite the perk tenderloin with mushroom sauce. They are fresh, easy and reliable. I've had lunch a few times, the salads are creative and seasonal. I rather enjoy that the owners take such pride in their restaurant and are the ones who slave away and reap the benefits. On every occasion they remember my new, ask about my family and take a genuine interest in how their flavorful treats are. The downside it the price points. I don't feel as though I am getting the most bang for my buck. The food is good but for the most part I visit out of shear desperation, usually Wednesday's when it's my husbands night to cook.
This is a great place to meet a friend for lunch!  It is rather small so don't blink or you'll drive past it.  There are about 10 tables inside, which are mostly tables for 2 people. The menu consists of soups, sandwiches, salads, and breakfast!  I wasn't super hungry so I ordered the ham and Swiss croissant.  It came with a side, so I chose pasta.  For $8 I was very pleased!   Even though I ordered something that is hard to screw up, I thought it tasted great!   Also note; they only have one  high chair so if you have more than one kid, plan accordingly.  (I just used my stroller)
Since moving back to South Tampa back in March ... I've been looking for a great lunch place that serves fresh healthy good food. Once I stopped by Cooks Kitchen the first time I was hooked. Everything I've had has been amazing and super fresh. My favs are the BLT and the Egg Salad Sandwich. Definitely a regulars and locals place. They also do catering where you can stop and pick up an already prepared dinner on the way home. Those look fantastic but I havent had the opportunity to take advantage of it yet. Sometime soon though.
I've  been going to Cook's Kitchen now for over a year and have been at least 2-3 dozen times. Let's get to the knitty gritty though shall we chaps? The Food:  The food here is fresh and delicious. Explore the menu, but I recommend the Egg Salad sandwich for lunch, the Croisant sandwich for breakfast, any of the salads,  the meringue dessert and the roast turkey and swiss sandwich. Also, their house dressing is in its own category of yummy.  Even their smoked  salmon on a bagel with dill, capers and capers is great. The food is why I spend my money here! Service: This is a kitchen, not a restaurant. So don't expect anything beyond the basics, which is fine with me. Good service though for what they do. Atmosphere: I guess they could improve this a bit, but the theme is you're in someone's kitchen so I suppose it fits. I like that there's no TV to watch so you can actually talk to friends without distraction. Misc.: It says they have beer on the outside, but they stopped doing that. When they did have it, you couldn't drink it there. Why would anyone order beer to go? Hence the fail on the beer. Aside from that, the only other issue are the hours. They don't open until 10am and that's much too late for someone who frequently craves their breakfast like me. Who over 25 eats breakfast that late!? I guess the Brits, but not I. All in all, this is a gem in S. Tampa that isn't well known still. Give it a try for a late breakfast or for lunch!
YES YES YES YES YES! This is in the top tier of lunches. A very casual place with a lot of great food on your plate. It is indeed like being in someones kitchen, getting an expertly crafted bite to eat. My quiche was excellent.  Sorry Mom, it was as good as yours.
Very quaint little place. British decor. Small tables. Order your food and pay at the counter, grab you own drink, snacks (chips, candy bars, etc.). The staff will bring you your food when it's ready. Yummy sandwiches, salads, entrees. Fairly large portions. Get prepared meals to go for dinner.
I have driven by this location numerous times but it doesn't look very appetizing from the outside so never bother to stop. Once inside it's like visiting your grandmother's kitchen, few tables inside, large high counter with white cabinets... very cozy feeling. The menu looked very interesting specially the dinner menu but decided to keep it simple with just a sandwich and unfortunately I found what appeared to be a hair in one of my pieces ....not the kind of condiment I want in my food. I get that accidents happens and overall it looked clean and organized. I also had the potato salad which I really liked but the Gazpacho soup was a bit bland for my taste.
cook's is a great, casual lunch spot filled with tasty, fresh homemade british-inspired dishes.  there's nothing fancy going on here - as someone else said it's a kitchen/deli/market (you place an order at the counter and then go grab a seat).  not what you'd call a full service restaurant, though everyone working there is welcoming and attentive.   I had the roast turkey sandwich which was decent and generous, but nothing unusually remarkable.  however, my companion had the egg salad which sent him over the moon it was so good.  we had fun perusing the market's "delicacies" while we waited.  there were quite a few authentic british treats that you don't find easily here in the states. we finished up our midday meal by sharing a toffee pudding which was sweet and gooey...and vanished quickly. all in all the food is quite good and the prices are definitely reasonable.  give them a go!
Kind of pricey small salad no meat $5.00 ??
What a quaint little place with good food for breakfast or lunch.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place..food is delicious, staff is lovely, and the prices are reasonable..great spot to stop in for a quick, tasty, fresh bite to eat!
Cooks is a small quaint place. It's well lighted and has a small deli feel. My sandwiches are always pretty solid but I wouldn't say 'spectacular'.  The prices are very fair. Staff and service have always been top notch. Fresh ingredients all around. I recommend for lunch, Haven't tried for breakfast yet.
Homemade, fresh, and delicious.  Try Cooks and you will find yourself going back time and time again.
Easily the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had.
I was really impressed with the food here. the sandwiches were simple, yet elegant and full of flavor. Try the soup and sandwich!
Cute location. Great staff. FRESH and tasty ingredients!  Great lunch spot.
