Love's is a very fun, funky and eclectic restaurant located on MacDill Avenue, just south of Gandy. I've had Love's Artifacts Bar and Grill on my radar screen "list of places to try" for about a year, and now I'm sorry that I hadn't been there sooner. A group of Yelpers went to an event last Friday evening, followed by some well-deserved frosty adult beverages at Rapp Brewery thereafter. I was starving and seriously pondering the nutritional value of gnawing on a corner of the table, when someone kindly suggested that we find a place to eat. Since several of us lived in Tampa we caravanned back over the Howard Frankland bridge and made a beeline to Love's in South Tampa. Our group of four arrived about 11pm, and we were worried that the kitchen might be closed, but they welcomed us inside with open arms and assured us that the guys would cook whatever we wanted off of the menu. I had heard that Love's makes the best fried chicken in Tampa, and so my heart was set on a fried chicken dinner with collard greens and black-eyed peas. Thank you very much! Once the orders were placed I had the chance to take a better look around the restaurant and saw their great collection of antiques, artifacts, old signage, and generally cool stuff that was hanging from the walls and ceiling. There was a fantastic jazz duo set up in a corner of the bar, with a lady wailing away on the sax and the guy playing drums. Sadly we only heard a few of their songs, but I would definitely go back to listen to more of their music. The menu has a lot of creative bar appetizers like crab-stuffed portabella mushrooms, peanut butter-stuffed jalapenos, calamari, spinach artichoke dip, and grilled cheese sammies. They also have several salads, veggie burgers, and a veggie platter. For those of us with carnivore tendencies, Love's has ribs, pulled pork, rib eyes, pork chops, chicken sandwiches, seafood specials, and then......  the legendary South MacDill Fried Chicken Platter -- three pieces of chicken, soaked in buttermilk, then battered and fried with two of their fresh daily sides. They also serve up some spectacular-looking burgers. For the sides you can choose from... *deep breath*...  spinach, broccoli, collard greens, garlic mashed potatoes, cheesy grits, black-eyed peas, black beans, yellow rice, baked beans, French fries, cole slaw, and anything else they can dream up. I understand that Love's has a fantastic $20 per person Sunday brunch, and I definitely need to make a trip just to give the food and Bloody Mary's a try. I liked Love's very much, and want to go back soon so that I can try some other things on the menu.
This place might be okay for dinner, but I had breakfast here on Sunday in October and I was both disappointed in the food and angry for feeling ripped off. For $20, the only food offered for the Sunday brunch was: scrambled eggs, limp fatty bacon that could have used some Viagra for stiffening, sausage even my boyfriend wouldn't touch, grits or polenta (anyone's guess), potatoes, green beans and some fried chicken left uncovered *outside* under a heat lamp. No. Just no. As with any unlimited mimosas 'deals' the drinks are usually on the weak side, but I was hoping with such meager food offerings that they would make up for it with stiff drinks. No. The redeeming quality of his place is the venue itself. Lovely shady outdoor patio and bar. There was live music on Sunday which we enjoyed.
My girlfriend and I were looking for a big tasty brunch following a half marathon.  We came here for based on some emails I exchanged with the manager when looking for the brunch menu.  Manager (I assume it was the manager, though it may have been any other employee or owner) said it was the best brunch in America.  Hyperbole aside, the manager then described a large wonderful brunch buffet that did sound like it was one of the best.  It was not. I would love to end it there, because it doesn't even deserve more of my time.  However, lets get some good out of the way.  First, they have a nice outside patio.  Decor is weird - basically looks like a lot of trash picked up at yard sales, but the patio is nicely cut off from the street and parking lot and provides shade.  The service was also very good.  The price is great for a brunch buffet - $20 - but not for this quality brunch.  It does come with AYCD mimosas and bloody marys, so that if you find the food lacking, you can always make the price worthwhile by drinking your fill. The brunch itself consisted of the following:  bacon, but some of the fattiest bacon I have ever seen.  It was practically white.  I am not one to ever criticize bacon, but this looked like thick slices of leftover subway bacon.  Also sausage that didn't look too appetizing so I didn't eat it.  They had scrambled eggs, grits, potatoes, rice, meatballs, some kind of chicken in a yellow curry (i think - I actually wasn't sure what it was), green beans, fried chicken sitting out in the open, uncovered, under a heat lamp, and biscuits and a waffle maker.  I think I am forgetting an item or two, but needless to say, this is not a $20 brunch.  You can go up to City Fish in Tampa and for the same price can a spread almost quadruple in size with carving station and crab legs and the drinks.  On top of that, any other buffet I have been to in Tampa is of much better quality.  They have almost nothing that a vegetarian can eat, so my girlfriend had eggs, grits, potatoes and green beans with a biscuit and waffle, for $20.  You can get that at a diner for 6 or 7 bucks. I honestly hated spending the $20 plus tax and tip here.  Felt like such a waste of money when at most, this was a $10 brunch.  Maybe their other meals are better, but do yourself a favor and if you want a brunch buffet for a reasonable price, go to City Fish in north tampa, and if you want a great brunch but don't need a buffet, go to Datz right down the street.
We needed a late night meal & Love's was suggested. I immediately started drooling. Love's is a favorite for Sunday brunch especially when we have out of town visitors. (I don't care to cook & usually by Sunday I can use a boost of all you can drink mimosas.) Last night we arrived around 11pm & the guilt of keeping a kitchen open past normal hours hit me as we walked in. The staff was great. There was a jazz duo playing in the corner (the woman rocked the sax!!). Our waitress was friendly, the bartender chatty, even the chef came out to see how we liked our food. I had strayed off the tried & true path of fried chicken or shrimp & grits and had the fish tacos. They were scrumptious & a bit spicy...oh so good. The fiancé had a burger that he devoured. Others had the traditional fired chicken with greens & other traditional Southern side dishes (I have no idea what they were...me being from the North). They must have been good bc I wasn't even offered a taste. LOL. I just LOVE me my Love's. They happily stayed open until midnight for us and they are a true South Tampa favorite restaurant.
I'd heard about Love's from friends and made the attempt with the Husbeast to get down there for the brunch today. No luck!  We got there around 3:15 and it appears that we missed the brunch by 15 minutes. No worries, the hostess was a bit baffled by why we were there, but the Owner sat us and told us that they were serving the full menu until 4 pm. Armed with the full menu, we were seated at a high top and perused the choices. We placed an order for a starter of Spin Dip and she hustled off to go place it.  After bringing our drinks and assuring us that our app would be out in just a little bit, the Owner came out once again and told us that they weren't doing very well with us today, but the Spin Dip wasn't available. Truth be told, they didn't order heavily for the weekend, due to the Holiday weekend and them typically not being busy. So we asked for a suggestion and were offered the Peanut butter Jalapeno poppers, which I declined due to allergies.   We asked for another and were told about the Brie Quesidilla, which we agreed to.  When that came out it was served with a side of corn salsa, which was as colorful as it was tasty. The quesidilla was tasty with the roasted veggies and the cheese, but it was on the greasy side as well.  And if we didn't act fast, the salsa's water content would have waterlogged the tortilla too. Soon our Mains came out I ordered the fried chicken, something they're known for and got two sides with it, the cheese grits and fries. The husband got the fat italian burger.  When they came to the table everything was piping hot and smelled so good.  The fried chicken was crisp, light and tasty, the fries were quartered potatoes, deep fried and yummy, but the cheese grits, well they lacked something so they were left uneaten.  The Fat Italian burger looked delish and the Husbeastie said it was!  The hand formed burger was served with onions, peppers and italian sausage on a pretzel roll, with a side. The meat was top choice and really good. A decadent choice. We will come back to try out their Sunday Brunch. I'm told that next week, in honor of Football Returning, they're going to have TV's and the NFL package, so that should really pack the seats!
YUM! Food was delicious, service was amazing, and the atmosphere was great. I'm happy to experience yet another local gem in Tampa. Will definitely revisit.
Impressed with place, very friendly and with great food (had been here in past but looks like so much growth since they started;  thought was just so so back then).   I had the taco meal and husband had their great tasty giant burger, yum! Was a bit warm (AC needs to be cooler! especially with summer heat and humidity) Would definitely return for more food and fun! Strongly recommend you try this place out!
Have been here twice now and the first time I think the food was better and that was some time ago. I was here a couple of weeks ago and the food was OK, not great.  I enjoyed what I had but it wasn't prepared or seasoned maybe professionally?  It was more like what I cook at home.  Simple.  I would come back, I know the dishes change and maybe it just wasn't my night.
I've been here a handful of times. A server, Melanie (who we've had probably 3 out of 5 times here) ALWAYS remembers us. She is so pleasant to be around and really makes you feel welcome. I can also say the same about Lynn (owner). He is so kind to us and always makes sure to say hello. The fried chicken is so good! Highly recommend that. But my absolute FAVORITE item on the menu is the Brie Chicken Quesadillas! You ABSOLUTELY  have to try them!! We've been once for brunch and sat outside on the back patio. It was such a cute environment and great for a quick easy bite to eat. $20 for a buffet and bottomless mimosa! Seriously, who would ever complain about that? We brought about 8 of our friends there for brunch and all had a good experience. They also have live music and I've always found that to be great as well. We will definitely go back.
Awesome good and enviroment and even better service.  Jada was very pleasant and helpful!  Jalapeños stuffed with peanut butter is now a favorite!  Gator tacos, salads everything was great! Mary
So Betty and I have eaten at LAB&G twice now and both times we have come for their brunch buffet.  The items will change from weekend to weekend, which in my opinion is a welcome surprise.  The great thing about this brunch is that it includes all you can drink mimosas and bloody mary's. At $20 a person it is a great deal when you consider everything is all-u-can drink AND eat.  This past time they had pork ribs, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage patties, make your own waffles, fried chicken (all parts of the chicken), salad, biscuits, gravy and on and on.   The chicken is very flavorful and moist.  I like the dark pieces.  I also enjoyed making my own biscuit breakfast sandwich, accompanied with gravy.  MMMMM.  Great service and great outdoor seating amongst the trees.   Will definitely be back.
I have been meaning to try this place for a while. I bought a Creative Loafing gift certificate. It was about to expire so I drove all the way across town. The Facebook page says they close at 9 p.m.. It was 330 in the afternoon. They decided to close early because of mothers day. Because really, who goes to a restaurant on Mother's Day to take their mother out? Genius move guys. Fortunately I used the opportunity to have a meal down the street at Chihuahua's Mexican Restaurant.  Apparently they don't just randomly shut down their restaurant on a whim.
After years if driving by what I called "The Ella's of South Gandy" I stopped in today around 2pm for a quick drink and a snack with my very vegetarian (typically very fussy) friend.  Ummm.  Amazing. They have a section of the menu for vegetarians!!! Not just a dish, but a whole section!!! Heaven. We ordered some happy hour drinks and split the veg burger - really wide selection of beers, solid offerings on the 2-4-1 cocktails, even the house wine was worthy!  Perfect.   Now to service, here's where I thought things took a turn from amazing, perfect, to - to - to.... Flawless? Extra thoughtful? Kind?  Not only was the bartender attentive, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic... She had the kitchen split the plates so we each got our own mini veg burger!  Crispy, well seasoned, cheesy, dare I say MEATY house made veggie burger so satisfying and filling, we could barely finish. If you want good food, in a come-as-you-are atmosphere, served by friendly people who care about their work- stop by Loves.   If you have a fussy vegetarian friend who is impossible to go out to lunch with... Stop by Loves. :)
This is a fun place to go to eat  and check out out the antiques. Went on a Monday and got a live music show. Get the poppers , fried chicken a must also the Tuscan pasta ! The dining room is seperate from the lounge area but you can still enjoy the music. Service was friendly and the kitchen was at a good pace everything came out on time.
I have lived in South Tampa for two years...driven by this place so many times...but never went in.  I imagined it to be like some sort of "local Applebees"...with generic food and atmosphere.  Boy was I wrong.   My husband and I went for a late dinner last Saturday.  When we walked in and sat down at the bar, I immediately loved the ambiance...it felt so comfy!  There was also live music, a good crowd, very friendly staff, and the food was delicious.  My husband had the catfish and grits...I was boring and got a chicken sandwich.  Both were very good though. We liked it so much, we decided to go back the next day for Sunday brunch.  Once again, we did not leave disappointed.  We sat out on the back patio (which is huge!) and enjoyed the beautiful weather.  The brunch was served buffet-style and it was all you care to eat.  I can't remember everything that was on the buffet, but they had fried chicken (delicious!), sausage, bacon, cheese grits, potatoes, eggs, pancakes made to order, salad, veggies, the best homemade biscuits I've ever eaten, and then...because it was St. Patty's Day weekend...they had corned beef & cabbage and shepherd's pie.  To top it off, there were bottomless mimosas and bloody marys! Everything was wonderful...right down to the price (which was essentially 20 bucks each).  Plus, any place that has multiple Prince and Johnny Cash songs on the brunch playlist is OK in my book :-)
Really great food, friendly crowd, and very cool atmosphere.  I don't know why we waited so long to try this place.  I had the shrimp n' grits...perfectly seasoned and fresh.  Outstanding service, too.
I browsed the reviews for Love's before submitting my own; I have to stay I'm confused with the high ratings.  If it weren't for the same/similar descriptions of the kitchy "artifacts" and casual, dive ambiance, I would swear the reviewers had a meal some place else.   Service was horrible. Tipping less than 15% is extremely rare for me, but in this case, it had to be done.  After asking for the table to be wiped off, the lights to be turned on, a dog bowl for the two puppies with us three times, water for the table twice, basically for the server to do his job, we were frustrated.  Even worse was the server's knowledge of the menu.  Maybe we asked more questions than the average diner, but "how many shrimp do you get with the shrimp and grits?" I think is a question that any server should know, especially given the popularity of the item.  To top it off, I ordered a local craft beer, which they were out of.  The server informed us that he had removed the beer from the bill.  Wait, you didn't charge us for the beer you didn't even have? Ahhh, thanks. On par with the horrible service, was the food.  The shrimp and grits (which does NOT come with 5 ounces of shrimp per the server) was so bad we sent it back.  We swapped it out for the peanut butter jalapeno poppers, which were edible, but not something we would order again.  They were filled with too much peanut butter and not enough of any thing else.  The grilled romaine salad looked great on the menu, but not so great on the table.  It had clearly been sitting under the heat lamp while our server was doing I don't know what.   We received our bill ($53.00 for two), which included the appetizer we sent back.  Love's should have paid us $53.00 for the experience.  #skipit.
I was very excited to try this place but I was very disappointed. Food and service was bad. We ordered the bacon, chicken and ranch flat bread to start. It was very small, dry and did not taste fresh. Needed a sauce or something to help with the dryness. Bacon was the only thing that slightly redeemed it but it still did not taste good. Probably the first flat bread I have ever tried that I did not like. We also ordered the Pork Chop Chop, it was absolutely horrible. Over-cooked, chewy and tasted like it may had been frozen before they cooked it. It came in a brown mushroom sauce which was gross as well. We ordered the collard greens and the yellow rice as a side, I am not sure how you can mess up rice but it tasted like it was burnt. The collard greens were not good either, too bitter and not enough flavor. It took us most of the night to try and get utensils and napkins from our server. We will not be returning, complete waste of money. There are so many great places in Tampa to go for food, do not go here!
What used to be a used car lot has been reinvented into a place known for an eclectic look, Southern cooking and a fun, laid back persona. The drinks are nicely priced and the portions are not skimpy so no wonder there seems to be a steady flow of folks stopping in for lunch, brunch and dinner. The decor is always changing and always entertaining as in you can't miss the camel standing - or sitting - guard at the main entrance. The food is inventive and satisfying and the kitchen seems to do a good job of always delivering consistently well prepared dishes. Live music on select nights and weekend brunch add to the charm and the list of reasons to make Love's a regular stop on your dining out rounds.
Came here after moving to this side of town. Also saw this was on dive, drives and diners. I love fried chicken so when I am craving this guilty pleasure. This is a great place to go to.  They have a unique menu as well. Such as jalapeño poppers stuffed with peanut butter.  Never tried it.. But sounds good. The only reason why they didn't get a perfect score..: the side dishes they serve aren't very appealing. I would have to say.. They are just OK.. But I do return for the great tasting, juicy fried chicken.  Just wished they would up the sides.
Went here after a bike ride on bay shore blvd. they r pet friendly so we ended up here. Had a nice relaxing afternoon lunch in the back. It's a nice set up w sun shade, drinks and music. I love the quirky antique decor as well. We split an order of fried chicken(3 pieces) w two sides mashed potatoes and yellow rice. Chicken was pretty good, seemed juicy not greasy. Sides were no biggy.  Mashed didn't have any flavor. All in all I loved how relaxing I felt there. Music was nice, sometimes kind do country, sometimes the singer was kinda off but I still liked it. Glad we can order from the menu instead of only getting the Sunday brunch. Didn't want to spend 19.95 for it.
Great neighborhood bar. It is very funky on the inside. Live music Friday and Saturday  I had the burger and the chicken sandwich a few times and it was excellent.
Came upon this place while riding a bike and upon finding out it is supposed to be Southern cooking I decided to come back later and give it a try. After looking over the menu and scratching my head because it did not look all the Southern to me, I ordered something that had chicken and portabella mushrooms. The place arrived and it was a chicken breast topped with long thick slices of mushroom covered with a melted cheese. It tasted very good and obviously cooked in wine. After that meal I have returned multiple times and every time had the same dish, except once. The one time I had something else, I was not impressed with whatever it was. Luckily I like the chicken dish so I am all set. I cannot say anything about the service because I always ate at the bar, but the service at the bar is good. The owner is usually around and if you're one of the regulars you might even score a free drink. It is not a high end restaurant so I am grading it based upon what it is, but for what it is it is good.
I had never heard of this place before, but after seeing the high ratings on Yelp, I got excited to try something new. Unfortunately, I don't believe it lived up to all the hype. I really like the ambiance of Love's. I mean, it's called Love's ARTIFACTS, so you should expect some artifacts. Gives the place character. AND there was a guy playing his guitar for our musical entertainment. LOVE live music. Solo acoustic gave it a really chill vibe. Craving for a burger but realizing trying the fried chicken was a MUST, Mark A. and I ordered both. Ledbetter burger with fries for him, South Macdill Fried Chicken Platter with garlic mashed potatoes and grilled squash for me, which we split half & half anyway. Like I said, high hopes for the fried chicken thanks to the reviews raving about it being "the best ever." Sadly, I can't agree and say it's the best. I vaguely tasted a hint of lemon, which I actually liked and wished there was more of it. It's a light breading, which I also liked. But there was nothing that WOWed me about it. The squash was good. No complaints there. But the mashed potatoes. Oh geez. NOT GOOD. Not creamy, not garlic-y. All I tasted was pepper, way too much of it. Blech. The burger was decent. Again, nothing special there. Their fries are actually potato wedges, but they were good. Def 1000x better than the mashed potatoes. We also grabbed a chocolate cherry whiskey cake for dessert. I was afraid of it having too strong a whiskey taste, as the waiter warned. To my surprise, I liked it a lot. Very moist, not too sweet, good balance of chocolate and cherry. I couldn't even taste the whiskey. (I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.) Although I really liked the decor, live music, and service of Love's, I can't say I'll go back because the food was not to my taste at all. 3 stars means "a-ok.. but not for my return."
This place it's great for brunch. They have a buffet with Mimosas and bloody marys that are included and there are lots of items to choose from! Fried chicken is awesome!! The deco makes for a great chill atmosphere as well.
Holy friggin Moly fried chicken. I don't even order fried chicken. It's never in my foodie repertoire I admit. But here.... I had to taste it.  Wow! Moist, delicioso and what the old sentiment of finger licking and smacking is talked about. I mean I get it.  I haven't tasted chicken like this since I used to go to the old Palio's on MacDill back in the golden ages, ok the 80's, when I was a kid. The table decided to get all super crazy and order poppers with peanut butter. I almost barfed in my mouth when I heard what they were. Who would put those ingredients together right??  Well personally I don't like jal poppers to begin with.  So they get to the table and people are ooing and ahhing.  It was a lot of mouthgasms occurring. I cringed, I made a face, I squirmed in my seat thinking of it and then I gave in. I said FINE, I will try one bite.  Then I also let out a tiny Mmm.  I have no idea what happened but they sure were interesting and actually tasty.   Super cute and quaint inside. Really nice people who run the place.  Took awhile for a party of 10 to get our numerous orders of chicken and pork out but it was definitely worth the wait.  Good strong cocktails and was nice to sit in the lounge with live music. Take a minute to walk around the place before and after.  Super weird thing happened.... we stumbled upon my great uncle's photo in there from World War II.  It was really nifty and really weird at the same time. My mom who throws all caution to the wind, grabbed the photo and put it on our table so Uncle Pete could eat dinner with us.  Kind of a hoot and this was totally understandable in a quirky little place like Love's.   Now run and grab me some chicken!
I love Love's! They have an awesome brunch on weekends. I believe it's $15 for the buffet and all you can drink bloody marys (score!) or mojitos. The whole place is stuffed with antique photos, chairs, tables, nick knacks and the plates are all different, too which makes it very unique. I've been for dinner as well as the brunch... brunch kicked butt (AWESOME fried chicken) however the dinner was a little less than I expected. The chicken was a little too dry for my taste and kind of bland. I'll have to go back and try again, though. The staff is really friendly and there are a ton of conversation pieces that make the experience a fun one :) Yay! I'm a fan.
I came here for a friend's birthday brunch.  We had a large group (over 15) and several other restaurants had already either refused to take such a large reservations or demanded that we utilize a "prix fixe" menu and put down a huge deposit before we make the reservation.  Love's Artifacts gave us no hassle and were cordial and friendly from the start. The brunch is a fantastic deal! All you can eat and drink (mimosas and bloody marys) for under $20? Unheard of. There isn't a lot of different types of food and the types of food appeared to be a random assortment  - but everything I tried was great  (seafood medley, waffle station).  The fried chicken is the real star of the show here - There were other foods I wanted, but I could not stop eating that darn fried chicken. The service here was top notch.  Like I said, we had a very large group and this was for a birthday party (read: bunch of people drinking a bit too much or getting a little loud), but our waitress handled us like a CHAMP.  She was always polite and friendly, and very quick with the drink orders (or anything else we asked for - extra napkins, etc.).  The owner obviously cares a great deal about the quality of the food and the service that is provided the guests. I saw him frequently checking the food at the buffet table, filling up the food as soon as they started to run low, and helping people at the waffle station use the waffle maker.  When some late arrivals came, he immediately (without us asking) grabbed chairs for each person.  He really shows his love for this place, and it made our experience 20 times better. I think this is a great place for groups and celebrations. I give 5 stars for the good food (even though the selection is limited), fantastic service, and that damn good price.  Sure, Oystercatchers may have a better sunday buffet (selection, quality), but $18.95 vs $49.95 (might even be more than that...)? I think I will go with the cheaper option for my regular Sunday outings, and save the expensive one for those once-a-year moments.
Still trying to understand the high ratings for this place. The portion sizes were sub par, and the food did anything but "wow" me or my boyfriend. We could've made the exact same meals that were produced there. The waitress was EXTREMELY friendly though, which was a plus. I ordered the smoked pulled pork with black beans and fries. The pulled pork tasted like all they did was add liquid smoke to the meat to give it that "smoked" flavor... the beans were decent. The fries weren't bad, but you got like 6 of them and they were heavily saturated in oil (hand made fries, so thick cut). The temperature of the oil was obviously not hot enough, so they let them soak longer than need be for fresh cut fries. For a meal that costs $11, I expected more than a fist sized portion of pulled pork--especially when Boston pork butt costs $1.79/lb. I know they are trying to make a profit here, but it felt like robbery. My boyfriend got the fried chicken that everyone on here has raved about. It wasn't bad, but we've definitely had much better friend chicken at other South Tampa establishments (Ella's for one). He got baked beans and cole slaw. The cole slaw was a bit spicy and had good flavor. The baked beans were standard. Was this place bad? No... it was just okay. We probably won't be back, but wish the best of luck to Love's Artifacts.
My friend suggested this place for brunch and I had never heard of it so we decided to give it a go. The only option for brunch is $20 all you can eat and drink, including mimosas and bloody marys. Brunch was buffet style and the food was good. It was typical breakfast food, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage etc... There was also a  waffle making station that I wish I had saved some room for. Our server was nice and pleasant. The service was a little slow, but it was busy so I can understand.  A manager also came by and gave my friends free shots of cinnamon whiskey, which they very much enjoyed. With that being said, I'm reluctant to go back for this one reason...gnats. There were gnats everywhere. I couldn't tell you the amount of times my friends and I tried to get those suckers. It really turned me off to the restaurant.  Maybe it's an entirely different experience on a weekday, but it I don't know if I'll give the place another try.
This place has the best fried chicken in Tampa.  Period.  I mean it. The place is sort of funky, and I like that.  The live music wasn't bad (I was worried  that the random place in south south Tampa would have a hard time booking decent live music 7 days a week).  The waitress we had was perfect, the dream waitress at a southern dive. Wednesdays are ladies nights, so if you go, there is house wine for $3 and Pinnacle (well) martinis for $3 as well.  The waitress offered the counterpart to my husband: bottled domestic beer for $2.50. But, oh!  The fried chicken!  Perfectly crisp, and it stayed crispy for the whole meal.  For $12, you get half a chicken.  The breading was perfect, light and airy, and the meat was perfectly juicy.  Sides were fine.  The garlic mashed potatoes were garlicky but a little watery.  The collard greens lacked a bit of oumph but were fine.  But it was worth it for the chicken. Oh, and my husband had the pulled pork.  He liked it, but I was focusing too much on the chicken to pay attention to his food.  It appears that he cleared his plate (and then ate whatever chicken skin he could steal from me). The dessert sounded heavenly, but I was so full of chicken that I couldn't partake.  But next time, I will have to try the rum cake and some form of girly martini.   That's a promise.
Had the sautéed garlic shrimp and found them to be bland and dull.  More old bay than garlic.  The decor is kitschy and weird (in a good way), the service was fine.  Cooking seems indifferent and low grade, not planning a return visit...
Went there for their brunch. It was a great deal with lots of tasty food. The owner was very friendly and engaged in all aspects of the restaurant.
In Tampa on business and this place came up several times when I Bingled "tampa fried chicken".  Figured I had to check it out; specially since it wasn't too far from my hotel.  Very glad I did. The previous reviews comparing Artifacts to a grandma's living room, are spot on.  This place is way cool...very different.  All kinds of crazy things on the wall and hanging from the ceiling. I had the fried chicken, along with sides of potato wedges and slaw.  Firstly, the chicken was indeed very good. Maybe leaning ever-so-slightly on the overcooked side, but had very good flavor and the meat was real juicy and hot.  The potatoes were also extremely tasty...enjoyed them very much.  I had high hopes for the slaw as it's cut in a "chunky" style, unlike most slaw I've seen before.  Unfortunately I found the slaw just about tasteless...needed much more of a bite that just wasn't there.  The only blemish in otherwise most excellent meal. Won't hesitate a minute to come back to Artifacts next time I'm in Tampa.
Had never been until yesterday, stopped in for a delicious brunch ($20 food and mimosas or bloody Mary's) and was treated like family. The place is super fun, had live music and a large outdoor area and bar that was so inviting. The staff was great and the owner was so hospitable. Definitely recommend and absolutely will return!
We only ordered ribs and grits. The slab of ribs was moist, not dried out and my husband said the price was average for a slab ($18).  I wasn't that impressed though.  :( My daughter loved the cheesy grits, but she's only 1 year old.   Again, I wasn't that impressed.  But I'm not a huge grits fan anyway. If I go back I will try the fried Chicken.
I'm all about great local places and while looking around I noticed a poster with Guy Fieri realizing that "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" made a stop here. It wasn't until after our meal was over that I began to question why... I would give our server, whom every referred to as "Red", 5 stars. She was helpful, energetic, and attentive. The food, on the other hand was not 5-star worthy. She even sold me on the Peanut Butter stuffed Jalapenos, which actually weren't that bad. Personally, I felt that the breading was a little too thick and seemed to overwhelm the jalepeno. Tried them with the little packets of grape jelly that made them taste like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with an ever-so-tiny kick (Papa John's pepperoncini peppers have more spice than these). I ordered the Fried Chicken with steamed broccoli and cheese grits. The chicken was pretty good, but not the best fried chicken I've ever had in Tampa. The sides were incredibly disappointing -- the "steamed" broccoli was ice cold; the grits were coarse, a little on the bland side, and just overall unpleasant. My friend ordered the "Conquistador Platter" with sauteed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes. The menu description was a bit misleading. It was described as "slow roasted loin of pork, with onion, garlic, lemon & sage in the Cuban style". It came out looking like a pile of pulled pork rather than a actual cut of pork loin. The pork was also odd in that it was moist and dry at the same time... had great flavor, but a very weird sensation. These sides were also disappointing -- I love spinach, but this spinach was bitter while the mashed potatoes were dense, lukewarm, and lacking seasoning. Aside from the food, the restaurant vibe and decor was fun and welcoming. There was live music and vintage items placed all around the restaurant. The restaurant is divided into a lounge area and a dining room area. This is the kind of place I would come and hang out at the lounge to order some of the interesting appetizers, not really a place I would come for the mains/sides.
The fried chicken is to die for and the drinks are strong! It's a little noisy, and has a very casual, kitschy atmosphere, and delicious food. The decor has something Old Florida and something yardsale about it. You do not have to dress fancy here. Portions are good. The cheese grits complemented the fried chicken perfectly. I have to say they may have completely spoiled me for fried chicken. It is really tasty! The pulled pork was ho-hum. The garlic mashed potatoes are good if you like garlic, but too strong for me. The shrimp and grits were delicious. And I liked the collard greens. There was a band playing the night we went, so expect some live music on some nights. The interior is lit with twinkling lights and has a merry atmosphere. Our server was very attentive. We enjoyed our evening.
This is a little hidden find....I would suggest going on Friday as the singer  is amazing ....she sings at the palms and Timpanos as well as many events in the area... The interior is very eclectic and has a great vibe...Chris the bartender is friendly and welcoming. I love the Grits and Shrimp!! Has a early crowd and bar fills up fast...but worth the wait. 2/1 Happy Hour on Top Shelf Till 7:00 PM
Service is decent, but food is lack luster. Both times I have been here I've thought to myself "I can make this better than they can." Bar I usually busy, but I won't go back for dinner.
Awesome food!  had the pulled pork and it was amazing....the garlic mashed potatoes were some of the best i've ever had.   Cool interior.  Had a guitar player Sunday morning with breakfast buffet and all you can drink bloody marys or mimosas for around $15.
Gotta say that this is a go to favorite - stopped by when he had Love's Street Kitchen in the food truck out front in the parking lot and was so pleased when he finally opened the doors.  The ambiance is great - very cool kitschy, some fantastic live music (my fave is Lisa Casalino on Friday nights) and THAT FRIED CHICKEN - oh my GAWD that stuff is amazing!  When my man orders for us he says "she'll have the chicken skin" because while the meat is juicy and tender, their batter and fry oil combine to make CHICKEN SKIN CRACK!  Meaty Steakhouse style fries and some Shrimp & Grits... yum. It was great living right down the street and went so many times that when we moved we took some of the signs off the pool cabana and gave them to Love's.  We go back to visit often but not often enough!
For starters, I LOVE to support local business and hate to write a bad review but dang, this was just not up to par. We went there based on the wonderful reviews and were sadly disappointed. I will say that the atmosphere was cute and the waitress was very attentive and sweet. Beyond that however, the food was a let downl. The calamari tasted as if it had spent a decade in a deep freezer and the "awesome fried chicken" that so many people raved about looked as if it had been fried at least three times over in dirty grease. It was just bad. We spent $50 to feed a family of four and had to go home and eat again. Overall I would say that it is a great place if you want to go for drinks and music (they did have good entertainment) but do yourself a favor and don't go there for dinner.
I cannot even give this place one star. I cannot believe the high reviews..,everything is terrible!!
I had a craving for fried chicken. I did a little research and all signs pointed to Love's. This is definitely the best fried chicken I've had in Tampa. For about $12 you get 1/2 a chicken (4 pieces) and 2 sides.  The skin was crisp and the meat was tender and juicy. The yellow rice and fries were also delicious. The waiter was attentive and suggested the Sunday brunch, which I'll return for soon.
I've walked by this place several times and I just thought it was your typical neighborhood bar and grill. Wow, was I pleasantly surprised. The inside is actually a former used car establishment. It's kind of a mix of tea room/auto body shop (you'll see what I mean if you go). Anyway, what I thought was going to be burgers and wings turns out to be a really diverse menu. We ate lunch there and I got a salad, which was very good and my BF got the conquistador pork entree which was kind of like a pork piccata. They have a fantastic list of sides. We opted for the grits and collard greens. Both were prepared just right, not over cooked and not too greasy. The owner talked w/us for a bit and was very nice. They also have great dinner specials. I hope they do well. We need more quality restaurants in SOG. The only cons I have is I wish they would offer apps for lunch. Also, we asked for bread and the waiter told me they didn't have any which I thought was kind of weird.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE "Love's Artifacts Bar and Grill"!!!!!!  I always feel so welcome the minute I walk into LOVES'S. I've been a customer and friend to the place since it opened.  The food is always good and often GREAT!!!! Absolutely the BEST Fried Chicken I've ever had.  Other items like Grilled Romaine Lettuce and Jalapeno Popper's with Peanut Butter....YUMO!  Right now, my favorite are the Fish Taco's.....very spicy, but good!!!!!!! We long wanted a place like this in South Tampa......and are thankful that it's doing so well.  Everyone should make it a point to stop in and chat with Lyn......you'll have some good conversation......food and drink!!!!!!!
Below average and unimpressed. Other than the atmosphere, nothing to write home about.
Place is an awesome place little hidden gem.... From the staff to the owner well knowledge... Great pricing awesome food.. Great atmosphere... If I was going to go back into the restaurant industry I would definitely want to work here.... I will be back..... Again thank you for making my night very well...
I have a feeling if I lived near here, I'd be home now.  Definite "favorite local watering hole" vibe. Very casual, cozy dive with cool tchotchkes all over the walls.  And I mean "dive" in the good way. Nice local place with tasty brews, full bar, good eats, and live music. On the night we visited, there was a young lady singing old lady standards - very enjoyable.   I went with a local craft beer, which I always try to do (when in Rome, bitches) - and the selection was respectable.  We ate Brie quesadillas - slight twist on the usual and including diced poblanos - served with a corn relish and a fresh tomato pico.  Maybe could have been a little more generous with the brie but it made for a nice light app shared 4 ways. For my entree I went with the grilled hearts of romaine, basted w EVOO and dressed with fresh Parmesan shavings.  I would've passed right over this offering on the app menu because I really had my eye on the st gregory salad from the entree menu - but they were out of several key ingredients for the salad so our waitperson (Red!) suggested the romaine as an alternative. I'm so glad she did because once I got over the appearance of the dish (ever so slightly charred, and wilty) I found the romaine dish both delicious and satisfying - and they're right, we *will* be trying to recreate it at home! Ask to be seated in Red's section - she's a hoot!   i'm sticking to 3 stars because i don't really find it acceptable to be out of several ingredients from one of your standard menu items.  If i were reviewing Red alone, she'd get all 5 stars.
What a wonderful and "unique" place.  Each time we visit, we love trying something new - the chicken "lips" are delicious, the beef sliders devine, the Texas fries yummy.  Everything is made "to order" and is fresh and served hot - unlike some places where your food sits under a heat lamp and arrives lukewarm.  The food is consistently GREAT!!! The service is great as well - everyone that works there is friendly and fun and they all seem to love working there - which of course translates into good service, etc.  The owner, Lynn Love, is delightful - he is there much of the time and goes around and chats with everyone. The decor is like no other place - it is full of interesting artifacts and just by looking at the things displayed or hung up around the walls, you can relive and learn about lots of history.   Love's is a true South Tampa landmark, a fun neighborhood hangout and a MUST VISIT place if you've never been.  You will totally enjoy the atmosphere and the terrific food.
Excellent food and the unique atmosphere is awesome. The food is always delicious and the flat bread is the best that I have ever had. Everyday they have a different flat bread and they are all great. They even have a beach theme on there back porch. A one of a kind restaurant.
Not the best service and kind of pricey for what it is.
Where to start with loves...when you first walk in you are transported to literally a land full of modern artifacts! Funky decorations are everywhere. The bar area is pleasantly dark with twinkling lights. During the weekend (and sometimes weeknights) guests are serenaded by a sultry jazz singer or acoustic guitar cover lady. Now the food: what first attracted me to try Loves was their peanut butter stuffed jalapeños. Served with sour cream and grape jelly--it's one of the weirdest but most delicious combinations. I highly recommend! The fried chicken is also to die for. Once you try it, you will know why it's ranked the best in the bay. The rest of the menu is very eclectic with southern choices like shrimp and grits and more upscale cuisine like prime rib. I've never gone wrong with my choice for food, and all the miss matched plates and silverware make it fun! The bartenders are always friendly and quirky folks. Nice and welcoming ready to pour your favorite cocktail. The sangria is very good and they serve a nice selection of bottled beer. You'll usually see Love sipping on his drink joking around with the regulars or helping behind the bar. The real treat at Loves is the Sunday brunch. $12 or $13 gets you a buffet of breakfast favorites, BBQed meat, and that amazing fried chicken. It also included unlimited bloody Mary's and mimosas. There is usually live music too. All in all, Loves is one of my favorite places to eat, drink, and brunch in Tampa. It has it all.
I have been to Love's several times, especially since I live only a few miles away. I have always had a great meal and excellent service. I really love the eclectic decor and the funky vibe. On my first visit, I sampled several items including shrimp and grits (to die for), fried chicken (best I have had in Tampa Bay), ribs and my favorite menu item, peanut butter stuffed jalapeno poppers. The bartenders at Love's are some of the best in town. Be sure and try their all you can eat Sunday brunch, it's delish!
Not only was the fried chicken to die for, but the service was amazing! We had the friendliest, sweetest waitress, and the owner even came by our table to check on our chicken. At first we weren't sure who he was, but then he introduced himself with a toast of Frangelica! LOL. Lisa Casalino was singing, and while I wish she had more room to showcase her talent, we really enjoyed her show. We did not explore the back patio, but there was some kind of jazzy band playing back there, as well. It seemed like a lot of locals in there, which added to the cozy, friendly and warm atmosphere. Will DEFINITELY return!
My friends and I decided to check out the all you can eat/drink brunch for $18.99 (I think) a couple of Sundays ago. The all you can eat/drink is the only option for brunch, so keep that in mind if you decide to visits on a Sunday. The food was good, I thought the grits were made well and the fried chicken was moist and flavorful. They had live music set up by the bar and our waitress was very prompt re-filling our mimosas and bloody mary's. The owner stopped by our table and was very friendly and did cinnamon whiskey shots with us (bender Sunday). Although I was really excited about this place I did feel like it could use a good cleaning. There were some gnats flying around our table and dust on some of the 'artifacts' on the wall. I would highly recommend the brunch esp. if you are dinning with a big group.
Went here with the family and had an awesome time! Not only was our food awesome (I had the blackened Mahi) we sat outside which we love! Our daughter was allowed to hula hoop on the patio and the bartender/waitress along with all the people there loved it and encouraged her! We will be back for sure!
All I will say is - FRIED CHICKEN, FRIED CHICKEN, FRIED CHICKEN!  Best I've had in many years. Better than Palios. Close equal to Heilman's on Clearwater Beach.  Excellent!  Nice chantruese on Friday nights.
Sunday southern brunch is good
Crazy!  Had the chocolate cocktail - very good.  Worth going once just to see the place.  Owner is a character as well and our waitress called everyone 'darlin'.
I absolutely think Love's is the best South Tampa place to hang out. The food is to die for and the service is excellant. The live music and the outdoor patio adds to the ambience of the whole restaurant. My favorite is the rib-eye steak. The friendliness of the owner and the bartender is certainly an added plus. I would reccomend this as a date night or just a place to chill out and have fun.
This is my husband and my favorite place to go any night of the week.  My favorite dish is the shrimp and grits, yum, always good.  It is a great place in the neighborhood to relax, have good food, have a nice glass of wine and enjoy the ambience.  The owner and servers are always friendly.... And the entertainment is great too!
Came here recently for their Sunday brunch for my birthday. I had a large group (20-24) and they were extremely accommodating for our group, and the management was nothing but super nice and friendly. This restaurant is very old-looking, but very cool on the inside with lots of random little trinkets decorating the entire place. Their brunch is an AMAZING deal -- all you can eat and all you can drink Bloody Marys and mimosas for $18.95 plus live music! I believe it's $12.95 if you're not drinking. I have been looking everywhere in Tampa for a bottomless brunch spot and finally found this place! The food was delicious as well -- good Southern comfort food. Food was delicious, too... they had eggs, bacon, sausage, a delicious paella-type dish with clams and shrimp, biscuits and gravy (yum!), a salad bar plus others. Also, can't forget about their fried chicken... very good! Definitely recommend for brunch.
We have been regular customers at Loves' since its early days and, for the life of me, I can't understand the reviews that question the quality of the service and food.  Regarding the food - Lynn is hunting/gathering just about every day to assure the quality and freshness of his menu. No Sysco trucks at Loves'. We are usually in the bar area for both dining and imbibing. There is no better bar service in Tampa than Kristen and Shannon provide. We've also eaten in the dining area and found the servers to be always concerned with our satisfaction in both food (and drink) and timely service. Nonetheless, the most extraordinary element here is the character that is Lynn Love. He seems to always take time with ALL his customers to make sure they are comfortable and satisfied with both food and service. The naysayers must have been at a Loves I've never heard. This "joint" is one of our few "homes-away-from-home" in Tampa. Long live Loves!!!!!
Let's start with the good--great brunch with all you can drink Mimosas and Bloody Marys for under $20. There are sometime good wine specials and I enjoy the nostalgic games placed around the bar and restaurant. The service has always been excellent and the decor is fun and interesting. Now onto the not so good, but still pretty ok--the food hasn't been consistent on every visit. Despite that, it has never been bad, it has just been outstanding on some visits and pretty good on others. The fried chicken is a great example of that. The liquor drinks are expensive and are served in small glasses completely full of ice, so they last about a minute. This is why I recommend drinking beer or wine, and I also recommend asking about any wine specials The owner is usually around there somewhere and he is always willing to discuss and recommend a good wine. With the food being great most of the time and the service always being top notch, I will continue to take advantage of Sunday brunch and evening stop-ins for a glass of wine and some peanut butter stuffed jalapenos. Yes, you read that last sentence correctly. Try them. Considering what the owner did with this place from its humble beginnings to the popular bar and restaurant it is now just adds to the aura of this very interesting place.
Love Love's Artifacts!! This place has character. Staff super friendly and the waiter was extremely nice, helpfull and knowledgeable. The food is prepared fresh and you can taste it - It's delicious! Very casual with bar and live band. Simply a comfortable place serving great food. Highly recommended!
I would like to have a moment of silence for the death of this business. Seriously? What happened, I've been here a few times hoping it was a off night, the food it not good at all. The fried chicken is bland and dry. You will be seriously disappointed  in the quality of food.
I'm giving this former car dealership-turned-restaurant four stars, mainly  for its unique decor, which features a kitschy mix of stuff festooned all over the walls and ceiings. You will know you are not in a chain establishment the minute you walk in the door. The tables and chairs are lovingly mismatched. In some corners, it feels like a library. In others, a ladies tearoom. The bar sits in the middle where it belongs. Really, this place was once a used car dealership, and if you look closely, the sign outside still says that. The night we went, I had a burger and fries and it was perfectly done, though one would hope for that anyway. It took no special skill. It was happy hour, so they featured a 2-4-1 deal on wine by the glass. I figured I would slowly sip my first glass, followed leisurely by my second. Instead, they brought out 4 glasses full for me and my companion, all at once! Wtf? That was bizarre, though we drank it anyway. The menu looks good, and the bar also has some decent craft beers. Major plus there. The crowd seems on the older side here, though there is no apparent reason for that, since the place reminds me of several other similar establishments that attract a much younger clientele. Maybe no one knows about it, or the name is confusing? Love's Artifacts Grill is a bit uncertain, isn't it? The odd location just south of Gandy Blvd on MacDill in South Tampa may also play a role in its obscurity. They feature live music, though on this night, it was just a female vocalist singing along to pre-recorded tracks like karaoke. If they upgraded to something cooler, their business might increase.
My wife and I stopped here after trying Rodney's ribs (closed) and the German House (out of food) on a Thursday night.  We were seated immediately in the comfortable bar area.  The service was prompt and efficient.  My wife had shrimp and grits, I had fried chicken.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced. We ordered sides of collards and black beans,  We requested some chopped onions with the collards and together with the hot pepper vinegar, it was delicious. Thursday night had entertainment, a vocalist with a guitar.  Very pleasant music and not too loud to prevent normal conversation. The owner asked us about our meal and after my explanation of how we found his place, he asked me if I had the ribs.  When I said that I ordered the fried chicken, he went back to the kitchen and brought me a package of ribs wrapped in foil. I ate them  today.  Very meaty and flavorful.  I'll order them when we return, although the fried chicken was perfect.
The chef must have had the night off, all of our food was beyond bland. You would think a jalapeno stuffed with peanut butter and deep fried would be tough to make bland, but Artifacts succeeded in that tonight. We left plates full of food and ended up eating a second dinner elsewhere.
Not sure I understand all the love this place gets. Just being a little unique and weird inside doesn't necessarily translate into awesomeness. The food was decent, not great and yes I did try the fried chicken. Sides were solid and the pork was slightly below average. Service was friendly and competent.
duped. feel dirty. taken advantage of.... the owner didn't care.  Mashed potatoes from a box, with added garlic.  Collards, flavorless. ribs, good, but not worth the crazy drink prices...  $30 for two drinks during "buy one get one free" happy hours.,  Thats right folks, four "double" jack and cokes would be $60.00 dollars any other time of the day.  $15 dollar drinks.  CRAZY.   oh, we serve all doubles the owner says; no one told us this, and they didn't taste like doubles we say; that is what our clients like she says;  In the nicest restaurants a double isn't $15 in tampa, and look at your menu, nothing is more than 20 bucks, we says; that is the drink price she says; we got home and made  true double, NOPE, they were not doubles in a short glass with a lot of ice.  We even spoke with our waitress who agreed it was outrageous but out of her control.  We have been to Berns and Charley's and had martini's, where a two shot pour is standard, and those drinks are ten dollars.  Expensive, but look where you are at. too bad, this is not the tampa way, you DO NOT CHEAT your clients, I will NEVER go back and I will ensure no one I know goes; they totally know what they are doing, the ol' bait and switch.... waitress said 2 for 1 drinks, meaning I get a jack and coke, and we get another at no charge, the bill showed 8 drinks, not 4, I had 2 and my husband had 2, that equals 4, not 8.  but alas, APPARENTLY, they are doubles, but they were not doubles, we know when we are drinking doubles, they were NOT doubles.  And, 7.50 for a double jack and coke (half off at buy one get one free, so $15.00 dollars anytime that is not happy hour) at a rib joint/ family restaurant??  think again.
meh.  not sure why this place gets such positive reviews.  the ribeye i ordered was totally flavorless, and thin.  for 23 dollars i was hoping for more..  my friend got the scallop pasta special, which sucked.  and the side of black beans tasted canned.  this place doesn't deserve the good reviews.
