Jeff and his employees are always very nice and helpful. They are quick and their prices are very fair.
I would like to delete my review for this business
Amazingly nice, friendly and helpful! Wow. I came in to have my watch looked at...I have a lifetime warranty from somewhere else on the battery and that establishment informed me that I would need repairs. I searched for a replacement in the interim...and was without watch for almost a year. Enter Awesome Jewelry! Brought them my watch, prepared to pay for the repairs because i love the watch and cannot find anything similar....the owners were ridiculously nice. They cleaned my watch (now it magically works!) innards and also let me look through catalogs to see if I could locate a replacement if this watch poops out again. I found something and again, the owner took my info, entered me into the system, entered the new potential watch info & so now it's on file for when I need it. She even offered to order it and said I wouldn't be obligated to buy. Wowza. The other customers that were in this establishment seemed like old friends- fantastic customer service and evidently, quality product.
There is just no other way to describe this business, ownership and staff other than stellar. Jeff and all of the employees at Awesome Jewelry are nothing short of exceptional. Thinking of some "brand name" store that you see on tv? Chances are they send their jewelry for repair and customization to Jeff at Awesome Jewelry. The buying experience was second to none and you will definitely find what you're looking for no matter what the price range. The Tampa area is so lucky to have this "gem" right in its own back yard. Thank you Jeff for an awesome experience every time. Sincerely - Drew
I needed a new clasp for a necklace and this store was so helpful.  My necklace was repaired in a minute and the price was so cheap.  The service was so great from the phone to the visit, I got a sense they are the type of people who go above and beyond for their clients.  I definitely recommend this place.
Kudos to the well-named Awesome Jewelry. Went in to get a battery changed and find a wristband for a third, wound up also leaving my Rado for inspection. First, the battery change is reasonable, second, lots of choices for a wristband, but best of all, they tested the Rado out, had the contacts cleaned and added a new battery plus gave me a diagnosis to watch for down the line, and all at very affordable prices. I had within the last two years paid a bunch for repairs at a well-known South Tampa shop  on the Rado that were apparently not done. So I am delighted with my new jewelers, who also design and sell beautiful jewelry and have a friendly, non-agressive and pleasant staff. I'm happy to recommend them and will ceetainly be back!
Jeff @ Awesome Jewelry and the other staff are fantastic.  They truly made my fiancee and I a priority everytime we have walked in the door.  I first went here to have my engagement ring sized.  Granted, I didn't feel comfortable leaving this special piece of jewelry with just anyone.  These guys made me feel safe with leaving my ring in their professional hands.  They even made sure to have it sized in a matter of hours.   We returned and it was sparkling and ready to go, AS PROMISED.  The two other times we have visited the store they also gave us the same attention, cracked jokes, kept us company while we waited and always left us feeling special and like the only customers in the room.   While we asked to try on everything in the case ... looking for the perfect wedding rings -- they humored us, gave us honest opinions and we will certainly be back when we are ready to make the big purchase. Thanks Jeff & the whole Awesome Jewelry family! xo Steph & Mindy
I first went into Awesome Jewelry to have some adjustments and repairs done to a couple watches. They made the adjustments to one watch band and added a battery in the other for free, which truly was awesome. I ended up working with Jeff to design a pendant and it turned out great. It was completed very quickly and he stayed in communication with me about the progress. The overall price was better than anywhere else I had inquired, and overall my experience was excellent. They even threw in some cleaning supplies.
Very nice jewelry and very nice staff on hand. Jeff is the jeweler and is known throughout the community as being one of the best in the area. Their location is on S. Dale Mabry near the main gate to the base.
