Parking can be a bear on weekends. Probably best to park nearby and bike or walk here if possible? There is also some trash and broken bottles around.. I wonder if they should institute a $2 per carload parking free and really invest in fixing up every bit of the park to make it perfect. :) But this is a beautiful South Tampa park with views of downtown Tampa across Tampa Bay. Some secluded spots to relax. Benches. Playground and kids water park. Some exercise equipment that needs replacing and updating. Pull up bar too low. Great area for a walk. Nice long piers with a bait shop and Taste of Boston restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. Just beautiful and rejuvenating to be on the eater watching the waves, birds, fish jumping and people recreating.
As for my second review I visited Ballast Point Park on busy Sunday to go walking around the Park. A lot of people there for birthday parties, BBQ, play in the water attraction, go fishing and eating at the Restaurant located at the Park. I even heard couple of young guys rapping nothing too bad. Across the way you'll a horse stable that offers English riding lessons and horse jumping. I walked over to that location and watched some of the ladies practice with their horses in which they let me pet the horses that was really nice for them to do so. I said thank you for letting me to do that.
This is a great park with spectacular views of Tampa Bay -- one of the best views, in my opinion. Coming here early in the morning is really peaceful as the place is pretty quiet, but it opens up and gets busy on holidays and throughout the day. The pier is a sight to see! Lots of fishermen and people walking on it at all times of the day. This is a great place to nature-watch and appreciate the beauty of Tampa Bay, and there's plenty of shady spots and even a water playstation for kids for those sumer hot summer days.
Such a great park! Has it all... Splash pad, restaurant with ice cream, fishing, water views, great playground & a beautiful pier!
I've been to this park a few times now and I like it a lot. I had heard that there was a good fishing pier here, but for whatever reason I insisted on going alllllll the way to the skyway. No more! The same fish(like the trout pictured) and others are to be caught here, plus its free and a lot closer. The pier is open 24 hours for fishing and is clean and well lit, but the bait shop has weird hours that don't work for most people who fish(they don't open until 10 and they close at 8 or 9). I highly suggest bringing your own if you prefer live. I have also brought my 4 year old to play on the wet and dry playgrounds, and she loves it. As everyone says, it offers great views of the bay, downtown, etc, but the fishing here is the big draw for me. Nonetheless it is a very nice park which I am now a fan of.
This in my opinion is one of Tampa's best parks to come to. With a beautiful scene of the bay, downtown and bayshore. This little gem is a great place to bring family and friends . With splash pad area for the little ones to play in. A great pier to go fishing off of  and a dock to release boats, paddle boards or even kayaks. The park pretty much covers everything you need to enjoy your visit. There are  plenty of park shelters you can reserve as well for any parties or get togethers you would want to have.  I'm glad they thought out the separate play areas, one for the big kids and one for the little ones. Which is great!
Beautiful! I will come back again! I loved it here! Stopped by on a Monday and it wasn't crowded. There is a restaurant on the park overlooking the water. The boardwalk is fairly long and ends at a big gazebo. We didn't get to go into the gazebo since there were 2 drunks on the floor! Awful! No security guards apparently.  I paid top dollar to stay in a waterfront hotel and these 2 drunks got the best views in town for free......
We spent about 3 hours here today with our 14 month old grandson. He had a blast! There are plenty of picnic tables and shady areas. All the children were mindful of him as he ran around in the water play area. It was pretty busy but it's spaced out so well that we never felt like we were in the crowd.  He also loved walking out on the pier.  We live in  Sarasota and I wish we had a park this beautiful. We will go back.
This is a nice park on the Westside of Tampa Bay that allows views of the Tampa skyline and an enjoyment of fishing, boat launch, picnic pavilions, pier, and a water play area for the kids.  Also, during your visit you can enjoy eating at Taste of Boston. Although small, this park packs a punch in beauty and fun.  During our visit we strolled around a manicured lawn with lovely trees with periodic views of the bay.  Towards the boat ramp we were able to walk out over the water to watch the boating and fishing, all with a view of Tampa.   Back away from the water was a play area that slides, obstacles for climbing, and other playful activities for kids.  The place had a small water park that sprayed, spouted, and dumped water for those wanting to cool off in the sun. If you are looking for a fun place to take the family for relaxing fun that is not too far this is a good choice.
Since I live in the area, I frequent the park with my large dogs. In the last year the park has been transformed, the new water attraction is a welcome remodel for the area. It always seems to be beaming with laughing children and picnicers alike. Not the largest park, but gets the job done. The only downside is also being a resident that with the new remodel came the unwanted enticement of party goers after dark. After most weekends, it seems to be sprinkled with beer cans and other assorted trash. Also the neighborhood has recently had a crime-spree that for most of us that live here contribute it to the new park additions.
Love this park on hot days or cold. With two normal playgrounds - one or smaller tots, one for bigger kids PLUS a small splash pad for when that FL sun is burning too hot. Unlike some other splash areas that are only open certain months this pad seems to be temperature driven so once it gets to about 80 it's on. If you get bored of the play areas try a walk down the pier to see what's biting. Or bring your poles and try and catch something yourself. There's bait for sale and an eatery here as well. Haven't checked that part out yet but I'll be sure to review it when I do. Oh, and there are plenty of picnic areas if you want to grill or host a birthday party here!
This spot is one of my favorites I am not sure if it is because I caught my first 3 fish here or its because the set up and atmosphere is so nice and relaxing. In on area you have the park for the kids, then there is a spot to sit and watch the water, there is a nice well built long pier that we fish on and then there is this little nice spot that you could either buy bait or sit and grab a bite. I do like this spot and this will be a frequent place to come fish or just chill.
Ballast Point Park, located just 1/2 mile from the south end of Bayshore Boulevard Linear Park, is truly one of Tampa's hidden gems.  Not only is it home to Taste of Boston, a restaurant with the best deep fryer in Tampa, but it also has some of the most amazing views of downtown Tampa from across the bay.  It is a very small park with a playground, a dock (so you can come by boat) and a long pier for walking and fishing.  Taste of Boston and a bait shop are the only two stores, and they have public restrooms.  There is a small parking area which gets packed at lunch, and there is another parking area across the street for Bayshore Boulevard joggers. I've posted some pictures I took while sitting down at one of the tables of Taste of Boston.  This is definitely going into my Tampa Things to Do list.  Eating with this kind of view is truly one of the reasons I call Tampa home.
This park is located at the edge of southern Hillsborough county, only a few minutes over the Gandy Bridge for me. It is compacted on the corner of the bay which makes this park breezing and cool even on a 90 degree day as it was on this day. The splash park has partial fenced in area, really more in order to separate the water space from the other areas that this great area has to offer. As you can see from the picture below, there is a great view of the bay, some shady places to squat and have lunch. There is a small walking pier and boat docks for the water sport enthusiast. There is even a bait shop and small restaurant if you would like to pop in and make a day of it. The play areas are multiple. There is a 2-5 playground area and a 5 and up area. They are huge, spectacular really. The one for the bigger kids is very elaborate and high. So high that our little ones which don't read the signs of age appropriateness are way to high to reach as they climb. Being as short as I am, sometimes a little nerve racking, but I try to be calm and let her try. Both areas have shade built in, but the park does have plenty of trees  for natural shade if needed. The day was a splash ton of fun. Even Vivian got into the fun. Though I will say that the splash park itself was a little too much for her baby age. Next time I will wear a bathing suit and sit on the ground with her. Our friends brought buckets and they had a ball filling them up and sticking their feet in them and just spilling them over The park also has several picnic areas and a giant gazebo with tables. We took shelter there when it started to sprinkle a little. The larger park area isn't fenced in and it is next to a road which means you have to keep your eyes open. There are restrooms which is a new great thing for me as we continue to potty train. This a gem. Go and enjoy! It is so close to northern area of St. Pete there is no reason not to venture across the Gandy bridge. spiritualmayatravels.blo…
Yay, a makeover! Great reservable shelters, beautiful waterfront view, brand new playground and kids splash area, a restaurant I hear is tasty (A Taste of Boston), a fishing pier and several of open grassy areas for kickball, relays, etc. For parents: Only downside is that this park attracts some unsavory characters at times, perhaps due to the pier. It just feels a little less safe/carefree than some of the other local parks a bit north.
Superb pier, nice restaurant, and one of the best water park/kids area in the Tampa Parks system!  It's a bit out of the way, but very nice facilities and great parking.  You definitely feel you're miles away from the hustle and bustle!
So much to do out doors here! You can see horses that are kept across the small street, play in the fun park, get wet in the new little water area, grill out, picnic, or sit by the Bay and look out over the water. There is also Fishing available to rent poles very cheap like $5 and they have bait! Plus there's a small local restaurant at the pier that has everything from seafood and cold drinks to yummy ice cream. This is a great place to walk with friends and family or exercise even. I love this small quiet place on the water.
Local cute park    My son and I have picnics here and we bring our dog most if the time. Nice clean place by the water with a nice pier.   place to let the kids play!
This will be short and quick....fishing pier...yes restuarant..yes...playground for kids..yes...nice for a short first date...hell yes..kool place just to relax and watch the water..yes....do i like Ballast Point..yes.
Great park and great location. The playground area for kids is clean and well maintained. The equipment is so fun that it makes me want to be a kid again. I really like that they have a toddler area slightly removed from the older kids area. It makes me feel a little more confident that my 10 month old wont get mauled by a 10 year old. Its also in a beautiful location. You can hear the water splash onto the rocks, little kids can point and laugh at the many ducks in the water, and the pier is long and peaceful. I havent tried the food at the local restaurant there, but its nice to have a place to buy bottled water. The only negatives I can think of is that there is less shade/ fewer trees than at some of the other local parks (in spite of a shade covering they put above the playground). Also, they only have 2 baby swings, so you definitely have to wait your turn on the weekends.
I always enjoy this park with my family.
