BEST PLACE IN TAMPA TO LEARN HOW TO DIVE!! During our training, we shared the pool/lake/spring with other dive classes from other dive shops and I couldn't believe the discrepancy these other places had compared to our Depth Perception class. Our class was small, personalized and so attentive to detail. I felt like my instructor (Robert) gave each of us so much attention and was able to make sure each of us mastered the skill before we moved on. In these other classes from other shops, the class size was so big, I can't imagine everyone masters the skill to the level DP divers do. I will definitely continue to dive with my new friends from DP and would recommend anyone to use this shop!
Superb service and quality equipment. I am beyond appreciative with these guys. They addressed all my needs, kept me informed on new shipments and were extremely patient with my indecisiveness on a dive mask.
This is one of the best shops in Tampa. They Handel all kinds of diving open water, cave, spearfishing, and technical even rebreathers. This is one of the few places to high pressure oxygen fills, trimix, and nitrox. Jeffery Dougliss is one of the best technician /instructors in the area. He is the only person I let touch my rebreather, and regulators. He is now an instructor trainer one of only two in the area. That means he teaches instructors. He was pioneered many side mount modifications that have later been incorporated into current designs by halcyon, dive rite, and Hollis. You simply can't get a better side mount teacher.
As a new diver I was unsure about what equipment I wanted. The staff here are very knowledgable and really helped me get the right gear that was within my budget. They took the time to explain the pros and cons of each piece and helped me pick out the right gear.
Great shop and divers. We recently went on a wreck dive in Key Largo, that really brought back my love of diving.  Its a very chill atmosphere in the dive shop, doesn't have the "Come in, get your crap, and get out feel."
Big issue with this place. $15 for nitrox in an AL80 and then charges $17 for anything over 100.  It's already the most expensive fill in town but charging extra for my 120 THEN only filling it to 3000 when it takes 3400+?  That's ridiculous.  The most significant point is that if the operator isn't even looking at the specs of the cylinder being filled - what else is he not paying attention to? I'll never go back.
Full service, quality gear , great instructors, customer service
