Sorry Portland...you may be foodie heavan but not even El Gaucho or Ringside can hold a candle to Burns. From the overwhelming wine choices to the royal treatment to the kitchen tour, it is hands down THE best!! I am a streetfood, dive bar diva but this is my "last meal before I die". It would not be a trip to see the inlaws without the stop at Burns. Oh come on...dust off your slacks or skirts and be brepared to unbutton the top when you are done. Want ectasy? Try DESSERT...OMG!!! Nuf said...
Well, they --barely-- make 5 stars for me, but they do it, so let's explain why. Really, it's the food.  I hadn't been there in almost 20 years, and my memory of that visit was of a bordello with steak.  This time I was much more in touch with my surroundings, which were REMARKABLY similar to the Haunted Mansion at Disney World!  My wife heard someone else make the same comment.  You would think they'd notice. Anyway, the food.  My steak was very good, although it could certainly have used more seasoning (salt) without me having to numb my arm shaking it.  The Grand Marnier on the carrots was an interesting touch, and the baked potato was perfect.  Surprisingly, the onion rings were my favorite of all.  They burst with onion flavor and really WERE cooked perfectly and served hot. Prior to the main course I had the black truffle steak tartare, which I enjoyed immensely.  The onion soup was also perfect, and the salad very good. The waiter tried with the wine, and brought us some samples of what they had by the glass, but the sommelier was needed and selected a bottle my wife really enjoyed.  I thought it good, but a bit past its prime, as was also determined by the community on Cor.kz . Dessert was delicious and, paired with a flight of ice wine, out of the ordinary.  We also got the seats directly across from the piano player, who was a real card. I am glad we tried it again.  20 years ago I wasn't impressed, but it is now going to be on our list of places we will frequent.
My fiancé had a awesome dinner. The steaks where cooked perfectly and had a great taste.  The overall dinning experience was worth the price.
The overall experience was definitely five stars, with a couple of minor misses. First off, my parents love to eat at the bar. So after getting picked up from the airport (on Monday) we decided to hit Bern's for a light dinner. We end up making one stop along the way and end up getting to Bern's a little later than we planned. The bar was packed. We check in with the bartender and get our name on the list for seats at the bar. While we wait we have a couple drinks. When we do get seated we start out with the chicken liver pate. This stuff is freakin' amazing... So good in fact that we got one to go. For mains we all decide on the steak sandwich (which took way too long to arrive, but that's OK, as we were having fun catching up). This, like the house red (more on this in a bit), is one of the best kept secrets of Bern's. It's not on the menu and you have to know to ask for it. The steak on this sandwich amazing, but sadly the bun disappointed. It was just way too firm (maybe a tad stale). A softer potato bun would be so much better. The sandwich is served with fries, onion rings or veggies. I suggest you go with the onion rings. So another "secret" of Bern's is the house red... Which many think is a mixture of the leftovers from unfinished bottles. The truth, according to our amazing bartender Wes, is that a lot of wine samples make it into Bern's. If you don't know the history, Bern's has the largest private wine collection in the U.S. I guess if you make wine it would be pretty prestigious to be on Bern's list... So A lot of vineyards try. Since the sample quantities of these bottles are too small to make it one the wine list they are mixed into the "house red", which while subject to change based on the ingredients, is always very good (and can be composed of some very expensive bottles of vino). One last "must do" at Bern's is to take the kitchen tour. To see this kitchen in action is something else. A 30 square foot grill that can do 200 steaks at a time... Watching the staff hustle around is poetry in motion. No chaos, just well trained efficiency. If you are a chef, you'll enjoy the tour. Even if you are not, you'll appreciate the tour, which includes a glimpse of the wine cellar. One area, behind a locked door, has the bottles that range in price from $10,000 to $210,000 a bottle. After taking in the vast collection, keep in mind you are only looking at 10% of the entire collection. The rest is housed elsewhere. Amazing. So if you go to Bern's and somehow managed to not enjoy your meal, take the tour and things will balance out. Sadly on this trip we did not make it up to the desert room, but for a quiet romantic spot, it can't be beat. After the tour is a perfect time for desert (or you can sneak up just for a peak). PS. My pictures of the tour coming soon.
This is why we come to Tampa - the experience at Bern's is beyond words.  My husband and I have now made three trips down from Atlanta specifically to eat at Bern's and we are never disappointed - and each time we have brought a different group of friends - who are equally impressed. So they way we do it is start off the appetizers with the "by the glass wines" - and have the waiter split the pores - two wines per app is our preference - and to have a 82 Beaujolais for $4.50 per glass is just too fun for words - besides the fact that the wine is excellent!!!   Last night we asked the sommelier to find a good 1959 wine ( birth year for two of the people we were with) for under $400 - so for $200 (he did not feel the need to gouge us for the full amount) - he came up with the most excellent Burgundy that was perfect with our 75 day dry aged steak. I could go on and on - but I will just say, if you like food, wine, and a different experience - go to Bern's - even if you have to fly to get there.
We loved Bern's and also have had the pleasure of having dessert upstairs.  The single malt Scotch menu is AMAZING and their dessert selection is divine.  The atmosphere is cozy and lighting is dark and moody.  We only visited twice before we moved North, but it is definitely one of our favorite spots in the Tampa area.
I will admit in advance that I will always have a soft place in my heart for Bern's because we came here the night we got engaged, a little over a year ago. This place is fantastic.  Between the Farm to Table practice and the extensive and very reasonably priced wine list, the experience is a dream.  Sure, the place is decorated like Disney's Haunted Castle and it's a nightmare actually getting a table, but the food is wonderful.  And the service!  We were served by Matt last night, and he was one of the best waiters I've ever had.  He was warm and friendly but also very knowledgeable about the food.  The sommolier was also really great.  There was nothing pretentious about this place.   I am biased as a Californian, but it's amazing being able to have a 41 year old Rioja and a beautiful steak cooked for two and very tasty crab cakes for less than $250.  I pay a lot more for a 2005 bottle and mediocre food and crappy service in San Francisco.
I just made my fifth trip to Bern's last New Year's Eve, and I gotta say -- this place is not to be missed! Just going is an experience!  This is Disneyland for foodies and the ambiance, faux elegance and tours are worth the trip alone. Tours?  Yes -- if you don't do the kitchen and wine cellar tour at the end, you haven't truly experienced the place.   Highly recommended!  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars (sadly) is that the steaks just aren't all that great.  Which is a shame for the $$$ you spend.
I really don't understand why this place gets such amazing reviews.  I think that it's overrated.  First of all, when you arrive, they make you pay for valet parking with a tacky sign out front.  I feel that for such a nice restaurant, the parking should be complementary.  In addition, the steak is just OK.  They always serve it with the onion rings (yuck) and some veggie of the day that ends up being a big disappointment.  However, I will say that they have an amazing wine selection and even better dessert room (a must!).  That being said, because it's so famous and it has such an amazing dessert room, I end up taking many visitors there (but most are disappointed with the steak).
This place is continually rated one of the best steakhouses in the nation and a must stop for anyone in the Tampa area. It was packed and they do amazing business. I ordered the filet mignon and it was amazing. Obviously you are going to be dropping some serious $$$$ when you come here but its worth it. You can get pretty much any steak at any size. The potatoes were also really good. What makes this place really nice for special occasions is the dessert room. You can reserve along with your dinner reservation OR visit the dessert room independently. The dessert I had was good but really rich chocolate. I could barely finish it. Overall, a great experience especially when you parents are treating you :)
I have never experienced anything quite like Bern's! The uniqueness factor is off the charts. The food is delicious, the decor is similar to a vampire castle/bordello or the castle in , very awesome. The desert room is amazing. By far the best meal in Tampa. What was even more amazing was the cost. If you don't order drinks you can easily be out of there (not including Harry Waugh's) for under $100. Which is a steal for this level of cuisine. Bern's Steak House although it is not the best steak I have had even in Tampa is an experience you will forever remember. make sure to ask about the different paintings and busts on the wall and also make sure to notice the color of your waiters tie, this will tell you their rank.
My girlfriend and I have been wanting to experience this restaurant for sometime now. First of all I find it a little insulting when someone tells me what to wear when I go out. But I have no problem with going along with a dress code. On Berns' website they say "No One Will Be Permitted In The Dining room with jeans" well I saw plenty of guys wearing jeans, and one guy wearing Capri's which shouldn't be worn to a hot dog stand. The restaurant does have an extensive wine list if your into that. We ordered the baked oysters for an appetizer and they were great. We both ordered steaks which were good I won't bore you with the cut. The salads were fresh and the French onion soup was very good. The service was good and the waiter had a suit and tie on that made him look hot and uncomfortable. When I was presented with the check I inquired about the 12% service charge automatically added to it. I had no problem with it I just deducted it from the 20% tip I would normally leave for good service. We opted for the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar which both were impressive and interesting. I might add that both tour guides were very friendly. The dessert room was very nice and we like the private seating areas with piped in music, even a pianist who takes requests by phone! Unfortunately the banana foster cheesecake was disappointing. I've had better desserts in a diner for far less money. The coffee was good. In closing when I go out to eat the whole experience does make the meal, but the star attraction should be the food. Bern's has "good" high priced steaks done how you order them. However I had better with less hype and less money. I'm glad we went once to experience it, but probably would not go back anytime soon.
FOOD:  is amazing!  Steaks are made precisely to order (size of the cut plus cooking preparation and toppings).  All entrees come with soup, salad, and baked potato all of which are well-made and tasty.  The drinks are good and there's an amazing selection of wines and alcohol. SERVICE:  was very helpful, friendly, professional, and prompt.  Both our bar hostess and servers were pleasant and enhanced our dining experience. AMBIANCE:  is plain on the outside, but classy, clean, and interesting on the inside.  There are several dining rooms, a bar/lounge, and separate dessert section upstairs.  Parking is easy and free across the street or you can select valet for $5 plus tip. VALUE:  you will pay around $80-100 per person including drink, plus another $15-25 if you go upstairs for dessert.  It is all worth it for an amazing dining experience which includes a tour of the kitchen and unbelievable wine cellar.
5 Stars for great food and an awesome dining experience I won't go into too much detail as there's already enough raving reviews. My bf and I were in Tampa for a wedding and decided to try Bern's. Luckily, we were able to get a last minute reservation on a Friday night. The lobby is filled with old Victorian decor and dark red lighting..not really what I was expecting. The restaurant is sectioned off into smaller dining areas. We were seated almost immediately. The noise level was fairly low (which I like). Being known for having the largest wine cellar IN THE WORLD, I was curious to check out their wine list. A meager 10 pages or so? That's it? Half of them being Kendall Jacksons and Mondavis. My bf then hands me a 200 pg book - the REAL wine list. Holy Cow! I had no idea where to start. We requested the sommelier, who was able to give us some great recommendations within our price range. We chose a '96 St Emilion. Very balanced, great full flavor that just got better through the night. The menu is many many pages long. It goes into extensive detail about the cut of each steak, the degree of cooking, the char (mm..I love a good char). My bf and I love dry-age so we went with the 36 oz porterhouse for 2, medium rare. Even though it comes with a french onion soup, salad, baked potato, and vegetables, we still ordered 2 additional appetizers..it's not everyday we're in Tampa. Steak was perfectly cooked. The dry age flavor was very distinct (and maybe not for everyone) but definitely one of the best I've had. Service was great throughout the night. We were never rushed and glasses were always filled. I asked to box up my 2 bite piece of steak and our server included fresh veggies. He even took off the wine label and put it on a "in memory of your dinner at Bern's" card. We were extremely stuffed but saved just enough room for desert. We were taken into the kitchen with some other diners for the restaurant tour. This is the actual working kitchen where the steak is sliced to order. We move to the wine cellar. Literally, thousands (maybe millions? I forget) of bottles of wine. The expensive ones are bubbled wrapped and kept behind a locked gate. You can tell the staff is extremely knowledgeable and takes pride in their collection. Our tour ended upstairs in the desert room. Each party gets a private area, complete with a selection of music, including a live pianist who you can call to request songs. Our creme brulee was a great finish. Bern's is really one of kind. It's a little on the pricey side but definitely worth it. I don't know if I'll make my way back down to Tampa again, but I hope I do!
Obviously Berns is already famous & well reviewed, but for those who don't dine their often here are a few sugestions that may make your experience even better. 1. Start your evening with a drive along Bayshore Blvd,  the longest continuous sidewalk in the US.   2. The French onion soup is amazing!  The ceasar salad is made at the table & is very good, but I prefer the house salad with the creamy white balsamic italian.   3. If you like your steak cooked medium to well done ask for a steak that is fresh not aged. It is likely your waiter will give this recomendation anyway. which brings me to: #4...Listen to your waiter. They know what they are talking about, all of the waiters have worked their way through the kitchen to become a part of the wait staff. 5. Order a dish of the Lobster Mac & Cheese for the table to share. The cheese blend is delicious & the pasta is perfectly cooked. I promise everyone will be impressed. 6. Order a nice bottle of wine, the selection is endless. See #4 if you are not sure what to order... 7. Take time to tour the wine cellar. Bring a camera, Its a great photo opportunity (do as I say, not as I do....). You get a tour of the kitchen too which is also impressive.   8. After the tour visit The Dessert Room. The portions are large. I recommend getting a selection for the table to share. You won't be disappointed! 9. Allow enough time to enjoy the entire experience. Three hours would be a good guesstimate. 10. Enjoy!
We've visited Bern's twice in the past twelve months, and it is always amazing. Since my initial visit almost 2 years ago, I've learned a couple of things about this place: 1. If you like a server, request him or her when you make your reservation. Trebor (like Trevor but with a "B") is always great. 2. The chateaubriand is awesome. I had it for the first time on my last visit and I enjoyed it so much more than the filet. 3. I've learned the secret to the dessert room: GET THE ICE CREAM. The macadamia nut ice cream is truly the best ice cream I've had in my lifetime. I say this without hesitation or exaggeration. Get the macadamia nut sundae, served in an orange-scented cone with homemade hot fudge and whipped cream. It is big enough to share, but my dining partner refused to share with me and insisted on having his own. I can't blame him. That ice cream was the best part of my entire meal. Truly. The only reason I give it 4 stars is that on my last visit, our service was a bit off. Our server was taking care of one large party after another, and the two of us couldn't compete with that. Typically the server walks you to the elevator on your way to the dessert room, but this time we were ignored over and over until we finally just took ourselves there. It seemed that the party of 10 was a bit more important than just the two of us, and that was a little difficult for me considering that we were also paying to be there. But overall, Bern's is always lovely.
Best meal for the price I ever had! Best salad ever! (kinda weird to say, had it as an appetizer and its that good) Best wine list I have ever seen! Best dessert room to have ever been to! It's a must but get reservations early...months ahead is recommend.
It was a birthday celebration and this is the place to celebrate.  You enter and you feel like you have stepped back in time...an old fashioned, ornate steak house with red and gold and black and comfy chairs and great reception.  Then you are taken to your table.  There are many small rooms so it feels intimate.  The server was one of the 6 women who have been able to make it into the boys club and she was warm, full of knowledge and totally honest.  she helped us pick 2 different red wines and answered all of my many questions about the very long and comprehensive menu.  The food was great and the price was right.  It seems expensive until you realize what is included.  We then went for the kitchen and wine cellar tours and saw how well organized and well stocked they are.  After that short walk, we went upstairs to the dessert room - not to be missed!  No matter what you taste, they have it!  I had the best caramel I have ever had!  with chocolate of course!  my partner had a coffee of the house and it was delicious.
So it deserves a five but I'm giving it a 4 because I know how the servers are supposed to treat you, and the night I went to dine there my server was not all that attentive or even felt as knowledgeable as he should be after 18 months of training. Hmm maybe he was having an off day, but I expected better! plus I had mentioned it was a birthday (he had it on his sheet too, but failed to let the dessert room know, or even acknowledge it was for a bday) Also, for it to be as upscale as it is, should they not offer different colored napkins? On the upside: we were promptly seated, food was great!! Its probably one of the top three restaurants in Tampa, I'm sure that's why the ratings are so high. Dessert room; I love the barrels etc. but think the hostesses are snobby. Servers are great though... Food is absolutely great, and dessert is great as well A must try if your in Tampa!
Great overall experience. Awesome food and service.
great place to dine at when I'm in town on business.
I have been here twice. Once for dinner and once just for dessert. We did just dessert because after dinner there is no room for dessert.  Both visits were excellent. The service is top notch and the ambiance is simply elegant.   As you arrive you question the decor of the building from the road. Than you pull in and are quickly greeted by the valet. As you walk in the hostess greets you and lets you know when your table will be ready.  I had a reservation for dinner and waited about 10 minutes from arrival to seating. You can not make a reservation for dessert but when I called I was advised to arrive as dinner started and I would likely be seated quickly, we were seated immediately.   During both visits the staff was professional, courteous and knowledgeable. When they first come to the table they walk you through the menu, how everything works and what to expect.  They explain all the different options.  They are so thorough we really didn't have many questions. It is an excellent place for a date night, anniversary or special occasion. There are so few places to dress up for and this is one of those places.
You really do get what you pay for.  This was one of my 1-3 times a year "dip into my savings/swipe my credit card" splurge on food.  It really is as good as everyone makes it out to be.   Plan ahead: make reservations and you must be properly dressed, otherwise you can only eat in the lounge.  They start with a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar (impressive), in small groups at a time.  After that, they seat you.   We started with the tuna tartar.  I know what you're thinking...why order raw fish at a steak house?  You do not understand, I actually cannot help it.  I absolutely LOVE tuna tartar.  So, whenever I see it on the menu I must always order it.  I was skeptical and wondering "what did I get myself into?"  As soon as I saw the dish, I knew that I had nothing to worry about.  The fish was fresh, the presentation/plating was nice, and most importantly it was really good.   They also tossed the salad for use tableside before the steak came out.  I can't remember which cut of steak I ordered and their website is down right now, so I can't access their menu.  It was similar to a Filet Mignon; I think it was the Chateaubriand.  We each had a different cut of steak and wine to pair, based on the waiter's recommendation.  My steak was perfectly cooked (I like it medium), tender, and nicely seasoned.  They were also attentive the entire time. After we finished our meal, we were led to the dessert room, which is located upstairs.  A new server came over and took care of us.  Dessert was also yummy; we had bread pudding and the special of the day, a seasonal dessert.  However, I was more impressed by dinner; although I loved the decor and ambience of the dessert room better.  Semi-private booths (wood planks that extended from floor to ceiling, against an exposed brick wall and formed somewhat of a half-circle) filled the dessert room floor.  There was also an old telephone device mounted to the wall of each booth. We were able to change the music and switch between 6 "stations/channels."  There was also a button to call for your server.  The room was more dimly lit than downstairs.  I uploaded a few pictures so you can see.   All in all, great experience, but I can't afford to dine like this very often.
THE ABSOLUTE BEST IN TAMPA BAY.  You will not get better service or food anywhere in Tampa. We frequently come here to dine in the restaurant and then go upstairs to listen to the pianist and have a glass of wine. Bern's is not just a restaurant, it's an experience.
As I write this, I am completely stuffed to capacity from my meal at Bern's.  When walking into the place, I was reminded of the Crazy Horse from the outside visade.  The interior decor inside is unlike any steakhouse I've been to before, with a sort of renaissance mansion/burlesque/haunted house feel.   The menu is pretty detailed with a variety of cuts of steaks and recommendations for preparation. The steaks are accompanied by an an assortment of sides including onion rings, baked potato, fresh veggies, french onion soup, and salad.  An upgrade to the caesar salad is recommended. They make the dressing tableside, starting with grinding down the anchovies.  Bern's prides themselves on their organic ingredients and even have their own farm 8 miles north of Tampa.  Their wine list is the most expansive that I've ever seen at over 100,000 bottles.  They will even give you a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar after your meal.  If you're up for dessert, you can go to the "Dessert Room" upstairs and enjoy their house-roasted coffee and your choice of more than a dozen indulgent desserts.
Really disappointed. This place was a real let down. I had read many reviews that listed Bern's as one of the best steakhouses in the country. I actually had it on my bucket list of one of the places I must visit before I die. Yes, it was that serious! I just happened to be about 30 minutes outside of Tampa and knew that if I didn't go, I'd always regret it, especially considering the fact that I was so close. So, I finally reached my destination. The building was not that impressive from the outside, but the parking lot was full of cars and it was almost too crowded to get in the door. The interior was pretty spectacular, it's kind of difficult to even describe, but it definitely had character and ambiance. I soon realized that without a reservation, there was no way that I was going to be seated. I assumed that I could just eat at the bar then. Surprisingly there was even a long waiting list to sit at the bar! That was a first for me.  Luckily, I was by myself and everyone else on the waiting list was waiting for two seats together so I was seated pretty quickly. I was greeted by the bartender, Marco, before I even sat down. He was extremely personable and very good at his job. I was handed a menu, which was equally impressive. It really "appeared" that Bern's knew a little something about steak. Furthermore, I had been previously told that I must do the tour. The couple seated next to me said the same thing. Marco also invited me to take the tour of the kitchen, wine cellar, and dessert room when I was finished with my meal. I was in heaven so far, Bern's was living up to, or exceeding, my expectations. I ordered my food, a 12 ounce delmonico steak, medium rare, for around $50. I assumed that everything was ala carte, but Marco informed me that it came with a salad, french onion soup, vegetables, onion straws, and a baked potato. I was shocked. This seemed too good to be true. All of the fine steakhouses I've ever been to have always been ala carte. So I eagerly anticipated the arrival of my steak. I even boxed up my salad and didn't finish my soup because I didn't want to ruin the main event. Finally my steak arrived, Marco prepared my baked potato right in front of me; I thought that was a nice touch. So now the moment I had been waiting for for many years had finally arrived.   My first impression was that the steak looked pretty puny. It was thin and fatty and really not what I was expecting. But I figured maybe its looks were deceiving, this was "Bern's Steakhouse" after all. Unfortunately, I was wrong. This was possibly the biggest let down of my life. I think I've eaten better steaks at Steak & Ale and on the buffet at Golden Corral. All of the food was equally unimpressive. Needless to say, I boxed it up and decided to forego the tour because I knew I'd never be back. I paid my bill vowing never to return.
The dessert room....you think, ok, it's dessert.  How special can......LET ME STOP YOU RIGHT THERE!  It's veerrrrrryyyyy special. Whether you're coming from a nice dinner in the dining room downstairs (make sure you've saved room) or if you're just coming in for dessert....spend the time to look at everything and try a few things. I love the barrel shaped mostly private rooms.  For 2, we're usually in a small space, but close it up, turn up the music as loud as you want, sing, laugh, read the old school baked goods recipes on the walls in the Julia Child voice and have a blast! With a group, it's also a great time - get something flambeed, like a bananas foster or something.  Everything is very good, the homemade ice creams are amazing, the chocolate, the yummmmmm. I also like a Bern's coffee or a different Irish type with my dessert.  They will make whatever you want!  Lovely place for a date.  Lovely place for anything.
Been to berns twice. The first experience was the best but we had super nice waiters that made us feel like we were friends by the time we left.  Second experience was nice too. Make sure to do wine ans kitchen tour and go to the desert room. I wouldn't really come regularly but the whole experience is something I recommend.
30 + years dining -again- at Bern's.  Still the best tasting prepared steak ever. The wine list has been pared down to a non- hernia-produing weight still with whatever u want to try from anywhere.Bern Laxer's son  has continued this incredible institution in his father's  inimitable style.. Most clients are either celebrating or impressing. Please dress as you like to others do in a nice place.
I finally made it to Bern's. People have encouraged me to go here since I moved to Tampa a few years ago, so I took the occasion of my boyfriend Chris' birthday to make a reservation and try it out. I can say it is certainly an experience. I'll start with my one and only critique: the wait. We got an 8pm reservation and arrived early. There were several couples standing around waiting in the lobby and we watched as everyone was seated, even new people, until we were the only ones left. I began to worry at that point that they forgot about us, but a little after 8:30 we were taken to our room. I felt like over a half hour wait was a little much with a reservation. The room was bright, loud and crowded with several groups... not the dark, quiet, romantic ambiance I expected, even in the "left side" room. Oh well. That's where the criticism ends. Side note: I loved the decor and paintings in the main lobby. It was like Harry Potter meets luxury brothel. The food and service were great. I don't eat steak, so I got the spicy seared tuna. It was a little spicy for me but super tender and deliciously cooked to perfection. I would get this again in the future and ask for a less spicy sauce. Chris got the 16 ounce Delmonico steak. It was a LOT of steak! The sides were delicious especially the soup. We complemented with champagne and wine. The wine list was overwhelming so ask for suggestions. After dinner we did the whole tour and dessert room deal. The tour was interesting! The dessert room was where the ambiance came in. I loved the booths! Per Anna M's suggestion we ordered the macadamia nut ice cream and I can honestly say it was the best ice cream I've ever had. I usually like lots of junk in my ice cream like fudge or cookie dough but this didn't need anything. It was soooo good. We also got the chocolate chocolate chocolate which was also great but the ice cream was the truly memorable item. Our server brought Chris a little birthday treat with a candle which was a nice touch. I tried unsuccessfully several times to call the piano man and request a song... next time. I would come here again for another special occasion. It's a night of fun for sure and something I have never experienced. The dessert room will be something I dream about for years!
Bern's is a classic steakhouse that's consistently voted in the top 10 steakhouses in America. We go here for very special occasions such as my grandmother's or dad's birthday. It's an amazing experience from the kitchen tour, to the dessert room, to the juicy steaks. Best thing about this steakhouse, when you compare it to Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Capital Grille and other top steakhouses is that this is not all A La Carte. For $42 you get a 10 oz Filet Mignon with garden vegetables and a baked potato, as well as french onion soup and a salad. That's a pretty darn good deal when you consider what that same meal will cost you at other comparable steakhouses. Bern's is ALWAYS an amazing place to eat, and that's why I give it 5 stars.
Bern's Steakhouse now this is what I call STEAK. It is juicy and delicious. Whenever I visit Tampa I will definitely be back. The Onion Soup is unique and really good to start with. Onion strips are crispy and finely chopped.
My wife and I were taking a weekend trip to Tampa (for Busch Gardens) and we were very excited about our trip to Bern's.  Perhaps my expectations were unrealistically high, and while it was by no means bad, I would say the Bern's is definitely OVERATED.  Lucky for me I had good company to offset a bit of my disappointment with the restaurant.   Ambiance The place is cool, old school cool.  It has a dark interior with red walls and ivory bust statues all around, and it seems to just yell out "steakhouse."  Interior decorating tip: replace the plain acoustic tiles with the coffered type. Service The hosts were nice and overall the service was good, not great.  Unfortunately, our waiter was a bit of a dud.  After he explained the lengthy process that servers go through at Bern's I was baffled as to how he made it.  He wasn't rude or anything, just unhelpful and seemingly bored. Food I've been to my fair share of high-end steakhouses (Luger's, Morton's, Ruth Chris, Red, Striphouse, etc.) and for me Bern's didn't really hang with the big boys.  As an avid home cook, when I am eating out I like to have something that I can't do myself.  In general, if I buy an expensive cut of meat, then I can have a great steak at home.  What separates the men from the boys is often the char.  Red Steakhouse in Miami produces a crust on their steak that is unparalleled.  Bern's not so much.  Another thing that makes a good steakhouse great is having good side dishes.  Bern's sort of delivered on this. Sides I appreciate that the menu is not a la carte and that a steak comes with a soup, salad, and side, but, in my opinion why bother with all that if it isn't going to be good.  All it did was lessen my opinion of the place.  The French onion soup was completely flavorless and just bad.  The only thing saving it was the good gruyere cheese on top.  The broth itself could have come from a can sold at a dollar store.  The salad was also pretty lame and boring ; the red wine vinaigrette was really more like oil and vinegar.   Onto the veggies: this is where things get really sad.  How can a high-end steakhouse serve a small pile of julienne carrots (which were cold) and zucchini squash that was overcooked to mush (and also cold) and call it a side of vegetables?  I get that they are "free", but I would have rather received nothing than this garbage.  Both were under-salted, over-oiled and resembled something they would serve you as a side of vegetables at Chili's. Steak Tartare We had the one with truffles.  It was good, but relied very heavily on the truffle oil for flavor.  I'm glad we ordered this one because I the other steak tartare would have likely have been completely bland. Creamed Spinach This may have been the best thing on the table.   They had a nice saltiness from the pancetta and were overall just well done. Chateaubriand Bern's ages their own steak and carefully sources all their meat.  The steak itself was tender and nicely cooked.  While I don't need much seasoning (no one should) on a good piece of steak, they seem to have completely forgotten the salt and pepper here.  We originally ordered the Special Chateaubriand, unfortunately they were out of it (which they told us about 30 minutes after we ordered it). The Tour The part after we finished our meal was about as good as the meal itself.  A server in training takes you on a kitchen tour, which is pretty neat.  I've worked in many restaurants but never in a kitchen this size.  It was cool to see the restaurant in action (I wondered if I could find the culprit who made my veggies).  Then you are taken into the wine cellar which is awesome in its own right.  They have an unbelievable impressive row of deeply stocked wine shelves.  I'm not big into wine, but I can certainly appreciate their penchant for careful storage and stocking rare and high-end wines. Dessert The dessert room is a very cool experience and was a great way to cap off an otherwise mediocre meal.  We had a private little room, complete with our own soundtrack options.  It is very unique and a novel idea to separate dessert from the main dining room (the menu details the origins of this tradition, which is cool).  For dessert we had bread pudding with crème anglais which was pretty good, but not super fresh.  It definitely had been reheated though, as the menu said to expect to wait 20 minutes and it came out in 5.  We also had the chocolate and peanut butter mousse (as seen on Best Thing I Ever Ate).  This had clearly been sitting in a cooler and probably should have been let come to temperature a bit more.  The mousse was not light and airy like many I've had (and like it appeared on TV, I know, don't believe what you see on TV).  It was instead thick and pasty.  The flavor was nice, as was the cookie crust, but it wasn't quite in the "incredible or memorable" category. All in all it was an ok dinner as far as Bern's was concerned, I'm just glad I had my wife to join me through it all.
Absolute heaven for the wine lover.  One of the best cellars in the world period.  Food is excellent across the board and the service is just fantastic.  I've been here twice now and it just doesn't get any better.
Steak was good ambience was good the waiter was nice and I had a good time ... The only unique thing about this restaurant is their dessert room... Would go back to the dessert room .. It's upstairs in an enclosed booth .. Love the privacy but the radio they had in the booths only had 2 channels? Didn't play the other music it said it would.. Maybe it is too old.. But I still love the dessert room! Maybe that's why nobody care to fix them cause people still go to eat anyways.  Definitely recommend for a late night drink/dessert place .. Although the restaurant was above average.
Delicious! Best steak around. Dessert room is completely something different. So many choices! Above is a four sentence quick description of Bern's in a complete nutshell. Below is a much more detailed review of why Bern's is the ultimate steakhouse! After reading other reviews, people give lengthy reasons or pros and cons (mostly pros) of the restaurant. This way is a little different. It is clear and concise. Bern's is a very large restaurant in the heart of Tampa, FL. There are multiple dining rooms. Soup and Salad come standard with steaks. The French Onion Soup comes in third for best food at Bern's. The salad is also nice. But that's not important. The STEAK is important. Other reviewers may educate you that the steak is dry aged for longer than other restaurants... 'nuff said. Although that is what makes the steak so good, the best way to describe the steak is a great flavor that just expands so completely in your mouth. I'd bet that if a vegetarian  ate this, they'd start eating meat. That is how it should be described. Of course if steak is not your thing, they have fish, chicken, etc. Of course this review would not be complete without a visit to the dessert room. Other reviewers may marvel about the intimate rooms, but as important as atmosphere is in a restaurant, it is the content that counts! In other words, it is the dessert that makes the upstairs good. There is something for everyone, No matter what you get, I'd say that this is the second best culinary creation at Bern's But before dessert, you get a tour of the restaurant. They show you the kitchen (I think that the chefs hated having the customers  in their way)  and the wine cellar. It is a nice tour the tour guide seemed to know what she was saying. But as said before, Bern's is about the food. Bern's has exceptional food, outstanding service, the restaurant is clean, and of course the restaurant is spacious Make Reservations! And by the way, the first best dish at Bern's is the steak (if you had not inferred  that already).
I have been coming to this restaurant for over 20 years and I have to say that I am not sure what all the hype is about.    I guess it is one of the oldest steak houses in Tampa and they do have a very large wine selection.  We decided to go here during the week for a quick dinner in the bar area.  There are about 6 tables with waiter service and it is usually a good place to have a hamburger, steak sandwich or even a complete dinner.  We ordered the Chataeubriand and it had to be send back two times.  The first time it came out too rare and we had asked for medium plus.  The waiter was trying to tell us he would just have them throw it back on the grill (after we had already but it in two pieces).  My husband wasn't having any of that so we decided to wait for it to be done again.  The waiter had brought the sides along with it and I had to ask him to take them back too and bring them fresh when the steak was done right.  The second time the steak came out it was just about as rare as the first time.  The waiter knew that this was too rare again and at this point it was getting late. (so much for our quick dinner at the bar).   The waiter took the steak back again and brought it out a minute later after microwaving the meat.  My husband and I ate it this time since it was at least cooked through but we were both disappointed that a well known steak house couldn't get the meat cooked right.  We also got the original sides that we ordered which were kept under the warming lights.  It was so disappointing.  We really should of complained and spoke to the manager but left without saying anything.   I will go back but the next time I will demand that the meat be cooked right and that the sides are hot and fresh.  They really screwed up that night.
I'll break down Bern's for you bc I had no idea what to expect! It is the most unique dinning experience I have had; the inside of the place looks like a castle- truly amazing the vision for this place! Dinner is courses out and comes with soup, salad and veggie. The dessert room is a dessert floor with a pianist; little rooms to tuck into, where we can actually pick the music; and the baked Alaska is the most epic dessert I have ever eaten!  We did it all the way, but will plan to stay long in that dessert floor next time- what a treat. It was nothing short of epic!
Um.... this was definitely a night of decadent deliciousness. Best steak ever. I was also really impressed with the dessert room. I can see what all of the fuss is about.
Was here over the weekend This is my second time Had escargot which was very good But the steak here leaves me underwhelmed especially for the price I had the ribeye I was with another friend who always visits high end steak houses and he agreed with regards to his steak as well All the sides were top notch Perhaps it's just me cause everyone loved this place
We went for another couple's one year anniversary--That's how special & fancy this restaurant is. They have the largest wine selection in Tampa and they house it a few blocks away from the place. In order to be a waiter you start from the very bottom and work your way up. Some waiters have been there their whole career (yes career). No two waiters have the same name so guests will not confuse them on repeat visits. They also grow their very own vegetables on their own farm. Everything is fresh. The steak menu is huge. Be prepared to make some decisions. The wine menu is ridiculous. You can order 1 ounce of wine from the early 1800's for $3500. They also have a dessert room upstairs which makes it an intimate experience. The banna's foster was to die for! Don't forget to take a tour of the kitchen.
This is good place to celebrate a special occasion and that's why we were there.  It is a garish, noisy and maze-like restaurant.  I always need to ask directions particularly up in the Harry Waugh Dessert cozy alcoves. Wanting to save room for dessert, we didn't order any appetizers and ordered their 2" Delmonico steak, medium rare.  We said yes to the onion soup and baked potatoes.  We also got an order of the Steakhouse Mushrooms just because they're awesome!  The soup was(of course) a smallish portion and the salad was unremarkable.  I always think that some nice, hot, crusty bread would be a suitable accompaniment to the soup and salads considering the price point of this restaurant. We ordered our ribeye with a bit of fat on it because of how I was brought up.  I blame my father for my desire for eating charred animal fat. The steak was cooked perfectly and was of an ample size for two big boys.  The veggie sides that came with the meal(grated carrots, green beans and a baked potato) were sad.  The carrots were inedible and someone in the kitchen should taste them before they go out.  The onion straws were good. We did the kitchen tour and then dashed up the stairs to the closest thing to a dessert heaven...the Harry Waugh Dessert Room.  I tried the Cappuccino Bern's Steak House and it was just OK.  For dessert, we ordered the Macadamia Nut Sundae and the Framboise Macadamia Decadence.  I am not exaggerating that the Macadamia Nut Sundae dessert is one of the best things you will ever taste.  The ice cream has a complex flavor coupled with the cinnamon flavored waffle cone bowl and a separate sauce boat full of hot chocolate lets you just float away.  The Framboise was a wonderful combination of dense chocolate cake, raspberry sorbet and macadamia whipped cream.  It had a very intense raspberry reduction that was jaw paralyzing in a good way. I suppose folks come here for the unbelievable wine selection and variety of gourmet offerings.  However,  I do feel that it's as much of a city icon and place to be seen as anywhere in the Greater Tampa Bay area.
Very happy with the steak and service. I recommend going to the desert bar afterwards. Price was less than desirable though.
Great steaks!  Perfectly cooked.  Sides that come with the steak are not impressive. I probably could have done without them. The french onion soup was a bit saltier then I like. The other items were just plain. Best wine list I have seen, extensive and reasonably priced. If its your first time, the tour is a must. The dessert room upstairs is super fun, private "rooms" for each party. King Midas cake was delicious. Wish I got that instead of the taste of bern's, which was not worth the price. Each dessert was tiny,and I didn't like 3 of the 5 (cheesecake was nothing special, banana one was flavorless, the chocolate one tasted like a Tootsie roll). Our waitress was pretentious. She brought out the french onion soup, which had baked cheese on top, and we asked what it was. She responded rudely that it was obviously french onion soup like we were suppose to know. The "tour guides" were very friendly though, answered all our questions and allowed time for pictures.
This was my third visit and I still don't get all the hype.  We had the chateaubriand and it was nothing special; I actually would not order it again  The service is lacking when it gets busy.  The place has character and is enjoyable, but the food is wayyyyy overrated.  And the wines that were recommended for our courses were all crappy, and my date and I have different tastes.  I will not go again, unless I'm the guest, because there are better restaurants in Tampa with better service, food and wine.
Perfection. No this is not hyperbole.  It is the simple truth. I have been coming to Berns' steakhouse for years and each time I return Berns' always delivers excellent food, service, and (considering the quality) at a fair price. You have to take the tour to understand that Berns' is about a culture of quality with everything managed to deliver the best to its patrons; from growing in house micro-greens for its salads to hand selecting and aging the beef. All of this quality is delivered at an extremely reasonable price. I don't know how they do it, but for under $50 a person you can get a 12oz NY Strip with soup, salad and side included. The steak is prepared the way you want it and I have never had to send a steak back because it was not prepared correctly. The service alone is worth coming here.  Before they can become your waiter, these hardworking ladies and gentlemen have to  earn that title, by working their way up the ladder. It does matter if you were a waiter at The London, you still have to prove your merit.  This is old school culture and it works. Friendly, personable, knowledgable and competent; these folks excel at what they do.   So clearly I am a fan and if you have the chance to try it, I can guarantee that you will be too. Just make sure to leave room for dessert in the Viennese Room, to top off your perfect steak dinner. Reservations are a must.
We went there on Sunday for my husband's birthday, The steak was good then we went to the dessert room , The kids were not impress with the dessert but my daughter cream brulee was pretty good overall it's not a bad restaurant I will said the steak is better the charlies , The reason I gave one star because my husband got very sick after we come back home he start Nausea for 2 hours then Vomiting all over  the bathroom, This should not ever happen to this high rate restaurant ,our check for  4 was $ 300 VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED
Bern's is the sh!t Can't wait to go back with the wife!!!
Over-rated. Steaks are average. They claim that they are aged but don't have that taste. It is a factory of a restaurant. If you are impressed by the volume of patrons, then you will be happy. I have friends  who travel to Bern's for the wine, and if you know your wines, it is well worth the trip. If you don't, the sommelier will give you a perfunctory performance. We were treated like cattle from the moment we entered.  We honestly have better steak in Our home town.  Go elsewhere where thet haven't been spoiled by years of success.  3 stars and not worth it.
While in Florida, OutforBloodies.com paid a visit to one of the top steak houses in the country, Bern's Steak House in Tampa. And, it was more than just steak, it was an entire experience. The place is much bigger than I was expecting. It seemed like there were rooms upon rooms (each with unique decor, themes and names) filled with people having a great time. Yet, it wasn't so overcrowded that the service wasn't attentive. The entrees here come with a lot of food: soup, salad, onion strings, vegetables and potatoes, so we didn't need to order any appetizers or sides (however, we did order extra asparagus). We enjoyed a pre-dinner drink and of course, I had to try their Bloody Mary. Normally at steak houses, I have found that they have excellent Bloody Marys. This one was average, or even a bit below. I wish I would have stuck with wine, but now I know. So, we ordered a bottle of wine with our meal, which was quite good. Following dinner, we were taken on a tour through the restaurant's kitchen and impressive wine cellar: They have a huge supply at the establishment and another warehouse full. They have a 1947 wine that is their most expensive, retailing for $30,000 for the bottle. (We stuck with a more moderately priced bottle this time.) Then, it was up to the Dessert Room, yes you read that right, ROOM. This was my favorite part. Located upstairs, each party is treated to their own private booth (but not in the restaurant sense, they are almost like a phone booth instead) where they can select the music they want to hear, their after dinner drink of choice and one of the amazing desserts. I settled on a pumpkin spice coffee and this peanut butter cup treat: I would not say that the food here is any better or worse than your typical high-end steak house, but I will say that they thing they have going for them most is the dining experience. Until we got to the tour and dessert room, I was not very impressed, but when I left, I felt like I had really enjoyed my laid-back, relaxed evening in an unforgettable setting. I recommend you check this place out at least once, but don't waste your time or money on the Bloody Mary. Save it for wine and/or dessert instead! Full review at outforbloodies.com.
Simply the best steakhouse experience ever! ProTip: Don't stuff yourself silly during the dinner and leave space for dessert. Pros: Extensive wine list. If you are unfamiliar they will help you select. Excellent food. Steaks prepared at the right temperature. Signature dessert room. Cons: None
Wow...what a great experience!  I was not excited about spending $50+ on a steak...but after it was all said & done, I was more than satisfied. It's pricey , although for a steak it's not bad at all. I spent $150 ( including a $30 tip) and we had 14 oz strip sirloin and a 10 oz filet mignon. We also had a couple of drinks. We didn't get an appetizer, but I'm glad we didn't since the steaks come with a soup, salad, and a baked potato. It's more than enough food without an appetizer. The main event ( steak): wow! what an amazing steak. aged with a garlic butter...It was like cutting through butter...I'm not a small guy and the 14oz was more than enough!
It uste to be great spot for superb stake. What happen? Stak was overcook. Service was slow (i understand that takes time to eat at this place, but I dont need to wait 10 minutes to get water)!
5 stars....because it is worth it.   I have been eating at Bern's since my early youth_when my parents would take me here for my birthday. Nowadays, I love coming here_sitting at the bar and eating a wonderful steak sandwich. Last night, we ordered a crab cake appetizer. It was very good! And my steak sandwich was delicious and tender as always! I splurged and drank a delicious glass or two of Jordan Cabernet. The beauty of this place_you can come to the bar or eat in one of their dinning rooms and have a wonderful dinning experience. The dessert room is a must stop_so save room. It's a Tampa staple.....so come and enjoy!
If you like garish décor, expensive and meh food then Bern's is right up your alley.
Outstanding dinner last night!  Service was impeccable and the food delicious!  It was the best dinner I've had in a LONG time.  Wonderful!
This place is very pricey, but the steaks are fantastic and the service is superb.
What can I say, this is one of my favorite steak houses in the area. Not only is the dining ambience superb and professional, the waitstaff do a great job at adding to the experience. Since I've been there for five times there have been a few experiences where there could've been improvements on the attitude ofThe waiters but overall it was a great experience. The châteaubriand is my favorite and signature dish year. Beware about ordering appetizers because the average entrée is already a lot of food. Every time I come I usually get a bottle of wine from their cellar. Don't be afraid to ask to som for recommendation.
I recently went here for my birthday dinner. At first you walk in and see this weird, gaudy red velvet decor and you think, "what is this?" Then, the hostess takes you to one of the very private rooms. I did like the fact that they did not pack everyone in one room but rather had various rooms to make it a more personal experience. On a side note, this place reminds me of Hollister. It was so dark in there that I had to use my flashlight app on my iPhone to see the menu. I have no idea why the lightning was so dim in there, but I guess it added to the ambiance. If you're one of those people who don't look good in harsh lighting, definitely take your date here. She/He won't even see what you really look like and they'll be in a delightful food coma that they might actually hook up with you at the end of the night. I ordered a 12oz filet mignon and I was surprised that the soup, salad, and three sides were already included in the price. The steak was amazing and I can't even begin to explain how amazing the baked potato was. It came with a choice of sweet cream butter and bacon pieces. HEAVEN. After the meal, we made our way up to the dessert room to one of the private tables. You must try the Cafe con Leche. I'm a total coffee snob and this was one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. All in all, Berns is the way to go if you want to have an excellent meal or need the harsh lighting to disguise your face for the date. Bring your flashlights.
Plan on spending some coins, but Bern's is worth every penny! The feel is "old school" with red velvet wall paper and Roman statues scattered about. Steaks-- perfection Wines-- a list the size of a phone book with a minimal mark up Desserts-- gr8, but forget about them and go for a vintage porto this is one of my favorite places on the planet! --- went again in December... great as usual, and don't miss the lobster bisque!! -------- visited yet again last week... Still Stellar!
Let me begin by the fact that I do rating based on similar restaurants in their price range.  Bern's as a high end steakhouse is ok.  Yes, their wine selection is second to none and the service is amazing!  No, the food did not live up to what I expected when I pay that much money.  It wasn't bad, but it was anything above and beyond.  My husband and I have gone twice and both times there were children screaming and running around the restaurant.  I understand that the restaurant cannot control the children, but they should realize that we are paying to be at a nice restaurant and enjoying a nice relaxing evening out.  Plus they pack way too many people into small rooms.  The noise level is out of control.  I had high expectations for the dessert room.  If you are going to have a room just for desserts, then they better be impressive.  They were average.  That is about all I can say about Bern's.
Last night was probably my 5th or 6th time at Bern's. My husband and I lived in Tampa for several years. We left about 8 years ago and this was our first return. I was nervous that all of my fond memories of Bern's would be shattered with this visit. Could it really still be the same? Maybe my fond memories of Tampa fogged my judgement. I was young then and at that point in life hadn't yet had the opportunities to experience fine cuisine. Well, I am happy to report that Bern's is just as fantastic as I remembered. A+ for service, not today's version of A+ but the hard earned A+ of Gen x high school days. Wine selection is obviously over the top. For dinner we had the chateaubriand for two. Amazing. Steak comes with salad, French Onion soup, potato, vegetable. Everything you need for a wonderful meal. We did the kitchen/wine cellar tour. We always do it because why not? The wine cellar amazes me every time I see it. Then we did the dessert room. I must do. We had the chocolate chocolate chocolate...yum. We both had coffee. So if you couldn't figure it out, I still after all these years highly recommend Bern's. Many wonderful memories of living in Tampa, and many of them at Bern's. We will be back!
Very famous establishment in Tampa where everyone says "you have to go" when you are in town ... definitely a memorable experience from start to finish.  Place is super traditional and you definitely feel like you are in a steakhouse.  The rooms are quaint and the service is excellent.  Menu is extensive and, again, very traditional.  The entire dinner (for first timers) is a complete experience ... start with drinks at the bar; then move to the dining room for appetizers, soup, salad and dinner - then get the invitation to tour the kitchen and wine cellar (over 100K bottles).  What's even more amazing is their inventory system - they don't actually have one.  Finish off the evening in the private dessert rooms up-stairs.  Definitely a great experience ... why the 3 stars then?  The place was amazing but the steak was just OK - nothing special and somewhat over-seasoned.
Very fresh. I loved the local garden-grown veggies. Our waiter was incredible. And incredibly professional. I don't usually order steak, but after reading that Bern's steaks have received national awards, I wasn't allowed to order anything else. I didn't regret that decision. It was flavorful, a premium slab of beef. Bern's is pricey, but I think is a bargain to the caliber of restaurant that it is.
best plate of food in tampa bay! if i could give 6 stars i would for the desert room...yummy o my o my yummy
There arent many experiences out there like Berns Steakhouse. Don't be scared when you drive through dodgy looking neighborhoods on your way to this gem, once you arrive I promise it will be worth it. Yes the inside is very old and it may look a little tacky, but like I said, there really isnt anything else like it. The wine list is enourmous. They have the largest wine collection of a private owner on the east coast. THey have over 600,000 bottles of wine between the 100,000 in the wine cellar and the 500,000 in the warehouse across the street. My fiances father was geeking out about it because he's in the industry. I was pretty overwhelmed looking at the menu. It's like an encyclopedia. So many choices. So many options. But it's all part of the experience. You want to choose the thickness of your steak? You can do that. You want to order the temperature almost to the degree? You can do that too. Want your steak medium well on one side and medium rare on the other? Go for it, they can do that too. My fiancé and I wound up splitting a 14oz strip steak. We also split the French onion soup and the salad that comes with every main course. Everything was delicious! The steak was perfectly cooked and incredibly tender. All their meat is dry aged, so the flavor is intensified. Great wine, great food and very reasonably priced for a steakhouse. Winning. The experience doesn't stop there though. Pay your bill and make your way to the dessert room to finish off your night in style. Again the menu is huge and has tons of delicious looking options. I opted for the brown sugar trio of a cookie, cheesecake and ice cream. My fiancé ordered the baked Alaska and they put on quite a show for it. Both desserts were fantastic and their coffee was too. I will be back to this place as often as I can. It was one of the coolest restaurant experiences I've ever had.
We had a great experience and the food was great. Server was exceptional, even though we were his last table of the night. This restaurant is a relic of Olde Tampa, and has become a local institution. The dessert room is definitely the best feature (at least in our book). It was slammed, so we recommend a reservation.
A remarkable experience.  As other reviewers have detailed, it's more than just the food.  Bern's should start a 'Restaurant University' that would teach others what a brilliantly managed restaurant is all about.   Only confusion is the 12% Service charge.  We had a CPA and math major at our table and still couldn't figure out if we were to add 8% or 20%  We opted for the latter just to be sure our waiter was properly acknowledged but they need to package this unusual practice better.
The food is average at best.  I am not sure why they have the reputation they do.  The crab cake appetizer was good, not great.  French onion soup lacked flavor (but the cheese topping was very good).  There house salad was a blend of chopped iceberg lettuce and celery, really a $200 dinner and you serve iceberg lettuce in your salad?  The steaks - one NY strip (not cooked properly & had to be sent back) & one delmonico were ok.  The steaks were not memorable in the slightest.  Over all nothing there was memorable.  It seemed to be filled with bunch of people who were confusing high prices and excellent service with excellent food.
So Bern's is a staple here in Tampa. If you're looking for an amazing steak and ambiance it's definitely the place to go. It's certainly it's own unique dining experience. I've been here twice now. My favorite things are the lobster bisque (if you like lobster bisque skip the french onion and upgrade you'll be glad you did), their caesar salad ( A MUST), any steak that you get there will be good so choose your favorite cut and have at it. In the Harry Wagh dessert room I recommend their flight of creme brulee and their apple pie with cinnamon ice cream. I love the dessert room because you get your own little table and it's so secluded from everyone else. Such an awesome experience!!
Great food! Amazing service! Not sure you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Steak (Delmonico) and chicken were cooked perfectly. Drinks were tasty! Sides were wonderful (looooove the fried onions). If you have time, take the kitchen tour and go to the dessert room. You go for the food, but stay for the experience!
Many reviews on Yelp already so this won't be long.  Had a great and expensive meal here, and it was totally worth it.  When you think about all the sides you get with the steaks, its really not any more expensive then a chain like Ruth Chris, and this is much more of an experience. Try to leave room for dessert so you can go to the dessert room, and the tour between dinner and dessert is fun if you haven't done it before.  You can take along your unfinished glasses of wine on the tour and up to the dessert room, which is nice. Valet parking only from what I could tell, unless you want to chance it with street parking. Also, the dress code is supposed to be dressy, but there were some people in there looking like scrubs with jeans and t-shirts, so I guess they have stopped caring about that.
I've been to Tampa three times for business.  Everytime I go to Tampa, I go to Bern's.  It's truly one of my favorite restaurants in the country.  The waiters are top notch professionals.  The steaks are cooked as close to your request as possible.  The atmosphere is over the top glam!  Make sure to make your reservation well in advance... it's a popular spot!
Not sure if my hopes were set very high or we just happen to receive service from a new waiter.  i am not really a steak eater and less when it is not cooked well done.  However i am aware that "aged" meat needs to be cooked less in order to assure its flavors can be completely enjoyed.  With that in mind and suggestion of our waiter i went with med well.  On the first try, when i cut into it it was completely raw.  I mean completely red - even so for my hubby who usually likes it raw/med.  He know immediately this was not good for me.... of course no problem waiter took it back.... 3 more times... finally i gave in and noticed my cut of beef kept getting smaller on each return.  so finally i kept it.  It was ok. Overall, I do have to say that for amount of food you actually are served, price is not bad at all.  If you choice entree which consist of piece of steak, baked potato, soup, salad, veggies for one cost $42 it is not bad at all.... Do keep in mind soup is served in a very small dish (i would say similar to a creme brûlée dish, yes that small) but it was full of flavor.  Food was really not that bad.  Nothing I would drive 4hrs for again, but not bad if we are in the area. DESSERT ROOM - 5 STARS - Now even thou expensive, worth the drive! This place was awesome! Loved the deco, music, variety of drinks available and dessert! Would come back here any day!!!
As good as everyone says it is .. We had the tour and all . Best bang for your buck. As far as steak goes. Dinner comes with sides included . Can't beat that, Dessert room was amazing.. You get your own little booth and there's a music box with different stations you can listen to inside... Get the coffee it was amazing . I will be back berms to try your burgers..
Its good steak i liked it
Just as good as everyone lead us to believe! We had high expectations for this meal and they were met! There were 4 of us with a reservation for 7pm and we were sat promptly. Started with cocktails while we tried to figure out the exhaustive wine list. Then we had 2 types if caviar with all the fancy foams and traditional toppings. This was probably my favorite part of the meal. I had never had caviar and wasn't sure I would like it but it was outstanding. We also tried the foie gras torchon. Amazing too! Next up onion soup and salad. These were good and came with the steak. Tried not to eat too much though to save room for dessert.  The chateaubriand for two was perfectly cooked and delicious. We had two different bottles of red wine - both wonderful. Our server was fun, professional, couldn't have asked for more. Then we went on the tour of the kitchen and wine cellars. Pretty neat to see behind the scenes. Up to the dessert room. Little private enclave with personalized music. We had the berns sampler and bananas foster. Yum! Coffees were tasty too. The whole evening took 4 hours and by the end we were full and tired. Wouldn't have changed a thing!!
The best that you can get! From the service all the way to the food this is the best steak house in all of Florida and I have heard some claim the whole United States. Its very old school but top notch. I always get  the 2" thick 10oz Filet Mignon which is to die for. You can easily split the 2" thick 12oz Filet with another person with all the food that in included with that. It comes with house salad, Soup, and 3 sides. The French Onion soup is the best I have ever eaten too and I eat out A LOT! Once you are done with dinner you can go on a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar and then they will hold a table for you upstairs in the dessert room. Yes the dessert room has its own floor and its huge! Best Bananas Foster I have had too! You have to order at least 2 and it takes 20min to prepare. you get to watch them make it right at the table which is always exciting. I always get whats called the Brazilian Frost too. Its basically a cafe latte but with ice cream to sweeten it and it has a lot of flavor. (very good!). I almost need to do 2 different reviews, one for the restaurant and one for the dessert room. You can also go to either or. I have been there many times just for dessert.
What can I say? I have been going to Bern's since I was a kid. Every time I get giddy as I enter the doors and smell the amazing aromas.  The steaks, the appetizers... YUM!   The decor helps with the experience... and an experience it is!  POSH, POSH, POSH! I like to arrive an hour early to relax in the little side bar and chat with my friends before being seated.  Once you are seated, you are there for 3-4 hours. Make reservations for an early time, around 5 or 6pm.  Wear a loose waist band on your trousers or a dress with some give in the waist.  You will be eating well! It's great if you want to spend around $30ish (no alcohol, apps. or desert) or upwards to.... $$$$$$$$.  Remember to tour the kitchen and if you have room in your stomach, get to the dessert room!  Even if you don't have room in your stomach, GO to the dessert room! They hand roast their own coffee beans, make their own ice creams I could sing odes to Bern's amazingness. Only when you go, will you understand why Bern's is one of America's top 10 steak restaurants.   A restaurant - bucket list - must!!!!  (...and take a camera) Go! Eat! Enjoy!
I really wanted to like this place. Have heard lots of stuff about Bern's from my colleagues even before I moved to Tampa a few months ago. Finally decided to dine there with some friends visiting from home, as most people said Bern's was a "special occasion" kinda place. I can understand why they need to use a valet for the car. That said, the system was messy and most people waited for around 4 or 5 minutes for the car. The restaurant itself felt like a production line. There must have been more than 250 people in the restaurant last night, and it took more than 20 minutes for us to be seated. Some say you should be well dressed at Bern's, but I saw quite a number of people in polo shirts, sneakers, carrying bottles of wine in their hands like they had just bought it from 7-11, etc. Did not feel that classy. Our server was really good though. His name was Jon / John. Very obliging. There were 3 of us, and we shared (i) Delmonico for 2 and (ii) Porterhouse for 1. I'm almost always a rib eye fan, but as things turned out, I actually preferred the Porterhouse, quite possibly because it was a thinner cut, and had more of the charred texture per bite. Maybe it was just me, but I think the doneness of the food at Bern's is a little lesser than at many other places. Wasn't a fan of the onion soup, but the onion rings were very good! We got the kitchen and wine cellar tour. Former was blah, but the latter was heaven for a wine geek like me! The guy giving us a tour said that people try to steal wines from the cellar like once every 2 months! I liked the dessert room. Had the sampler, and thought the macadamia framboise was excellent. A snifter of cognac definitely was welcome too! All in all, the bill came up to USD250 for 3 people (including just 2 glasses of wine). Cheaper than I expected.
Love the steak, but the desert room is awesome. Great place!
My husband took me here for my birthday last year.  The food was great but I'm not a formal steakhouse kind of girl so the very professional waiter was a bit intimidating for me, luckily he was very nice and patient.  We'll save this place for special occasions because a full night here means dinner, a tour, and dessert.  Portions aren't huge because the quality is top notch.  The dessert room was my favorite part and I would happily come in just for dessert.
Very expensive! My husband saved up for a while to take me to dinner here for our anniversary. We ordered a large Delmonico and it was the best steak I have ever eaten. The service and environment was really what we enjoyed. The menu was overwhelming. So many amazing selections. The food in my opinion was very overpriced, but worth the experience. We enjoyed the dessert room, splitting a pastry and two lattes while we listened to the crazy a la carte pianist who was extremely talented but, kinda looney (in a funny way). The ambiance, which seems to be stuck in pre WW2 times with a renaissance flare gives this place a classic and classy feel. The wine selection...Well, don't get me started on that! WOW! The wine cellar is like a museum.  If it wasn't for the fact that we had dinner and the dessert room and spent $300.00 (pianist, server and valet tip included) I would have rated 5 stars. It was a bit embarrassing to see the valet pull up with our stock soccer mom mini van, while the parking lot had new and luxurious cars. We didn't care though. We were still entranced by the buttery steak and the sensual french onion soup paired with a vintage Merlot.  This is def. a great place to take someone and make them feel luxurious and special!
The service, environment, food and decor all,score excellent. Each course in the meal tastes delicious. Consider the mixture wine combo carafe for 24.95. believe it or not it was wonderful. Waitstaff work hard, though one gent droned on and on to the table next to us. our waitress, Di, spoke clearly and succinctly and gave us all the necessary info needed to make educative decisions. Please ask the server for the wine cellar/ kitchen tour. After that, enjoy the piano player in the dessert room. Quite romantic up there actually. Pick any dessert; all are more than fine. Dress comfortably as all overeat from the large amount of food offered. Bon Appitte!
My favorite steakhouse, and I love steak and travel often.  I only wish I got to Tampa more often.
Honestly if you've never experienced Bern's you really should. It's a one of a lifetime experience and one that should not be missed. I made reservations 6 weeks ago, and this Saturday was the first date they had a 730 reservation available. We were seated in the Bronze room, which in my opinion is one of the nicer appointed rooms. I was STARVING so we ordered the short rib potato skins. They were good, but definitely not needed except for the fact I needed food quickly. For dinner my husband ordered his filet and I ordered the Delmonico. Both came with the standard onion soup, salad (I had the white vinaigrette Italian), fully dressed baked potato, ginger carrots, sampling of green beans and the freshly made onion rings. Both of our steaks were under $40 each. Bern's also offers an extensive wine by the glass menu with some glasses that were perfectly priced. Service is always great, and the history and attention to detail is what separates Bern's from the rest.
The best steak house in Tampa and a great value since, unlike most others, the price is inclusive of a fabulous salad, delicious onion soup and farm-grown veggies.
I had my first experience at Bern's a few days ago. The decor was as advertised in previous reviews, I found it so over the top it was kinda cool. We were seated promptly, our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. I had heard from friends, that sometimes the wait staff is sort of snobbish. I was waiting for him to pull this, but he never did. We skipped apps to make sure there was space for a trip to the dessert room. I had a 14oz. Delmonico, with the standard soup, salad, and sides. It was plenty of food and was all very nicely prepared. The steak was very good, it wasn't as good as what I have had at some other places, but its definitely better than any steak I have had here in Florida. We were then taken on the tour. Which actually was very fascinating to me. I have worked my fair share of kitchen jobs as a kid, mostly at mom and pop places. So this was the biggest kitchen I had ever seen, our waiter was very helpful in answering our questions. Though my dad put him to the test about the meat since he grew up the son of a butcher/meat market owner. We were led into the wine cellar. My only experience with wines is shotgunning Thunderbird, Mad Dog, and drinking some of my grandfathers homemade concord grape wine that could take paint off a car. The wine cellar was truly amazing to see, there is probably bigger and better, but this is the best I have ever seen. We retreated to the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. We ordered some coffee. I had the Bern's cappuccino, the beans are soaked in Kahlua, it was a little too overbearing for my taste. We ordered the Macadamia Nut Ice Cream and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cream Pie, both were excellent. I think this was the best chocolate peanut butter dessert, which is my favorite combo, that I have ever had. I really had a good time eating here, and look forward to dine here again and try more of the menu. Just maybe I will try some of those high end wines, they must certainly taste better than Thunderbird.
Fantastic steakhouse experience. The decor is kinda like a haunted house in the front, but it was nice and intimate. There were so many rooms, each with a different but good vibe. The service was great, our server was very personable and professional, yet casual enough that you weren't really intimidated by the tuxes. I love the fact that your meat comes with everything: great french onion soup, salad, onion rings, a loaded baked potato, and seasonal veggies (we had carrots with almonds and collard greens, which were delicious). It's interesting to see the tour of the kitchen afterwards, plus the crazy-huge wine cellar. I can only imagine the insurance rates on that place. The best part was the 'dessert room'. It was so dim and intimate and almost sexy, with the private booths and dark wood. The coffee was great, and the presentation of the desserts were sleek. The portions were just right, and the fact that everything wasn't a la carte, the bill wasn't too shabby, even with a bottle of wine included with the meal. Definitely a great dining experience.
Berns is an "experience"! Every single dish I have had here from the steak to the seafood to the side dishes and soups have been delicious! My favorites are the lobster bisque soup and red snapper. Following dinner we went on a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. They run a large operation here to make your experience unique. And the dessert room is a must! It's a large menu of dessert options. Favorites are Cappuccino Creme and Trio Cakes.
I've been to Bern's twice and this review is based on those experiences in aggregate. FOOD: The steak is good and price surprisingly reasonable when you consider all the extras that come with it, versus being a la cart. On the most recent visit my father ordered the tuna and said it was fantastic. This might be a chop house but you'll do yourself and the rest of the table a disservice if you don't get the truffle mac & cheese. In a word: HOLYMOUTHWATERINGAWESOME. SERVICE: They are currently 50/50 on service for me. The first visit was less than engaging, with a server who lacked attentive or any humor - fortunately by table mates made up for the experience. The second time we ended up at the bar and that staff of phenomenal. When in the dining room, allow a few hours for your meal, especially for a group. EXPERIENCE After dinner, be sure to go on a tour of the kitchen and don't miss the wine cellar - it is truly something special. DESSERT It's worth it to visit the dessert room, even if just for coffee. I've found the out of town guest truly enjoy this experience and will definitely be back.
I was flying down to Tampa, happened to mention it to my office friend, and he started rambling on about this place his father loved.... One month later when it was time for my trip, he started talking about it again, so I remembered name.  When I got to Tampa I asked my friend, and lo & behold his roommate was interning in the kitchen... I made reservations last minute and was able to get a 10 o'clock reservation on a Friday night.  That would have been extraordinary in NY, but in Tampa where the locals go to sleep much earlier, didn't seem like that much of a deal. The reason I said that is because when we were ten minutes early, it wasn't a problem and the hostess took us directly to the room.  The trick is to get into one of the smaller rooms.   More personalized service. The room we were in was named after a california vinter and the knowledgeable staff mentioned that most of the president's had eaten in that room.  Interestingly enough they didn't mention which ones, but hey... The menu is actually a book.  The wine list an encyclopedia...   You think I am kidding, just wait till you go.  The menu lists all the different cuts you can order as well as the thickness. Its like reading a history book on steak.  I settled on a 24oz Chateaubriand (splitting it with my friend).  I got the soup sampler
Okay, despite a slow service start-the host losing my reservation, saying we weren't on the list etc. Good thing I kept the email and tracked my phone calls. We then sat down for my father-in-law's 65th bday celebration it was an experience I won't forget. Even though my steak had to be sent back for being cold and when it came back it was overcooked the experience of the place outweighs the whole thing. Plus those Onion rings-I don't even like Onion rings and I am a fan. The kitchen tour afterwards was amazing but the one thing you shouldn't miss is the dessert room where you get your own booth with a phone to the piano player to make requests (you heard me) and different channels such as broadway or jazz that you can choose to pump into the room. Each dessert and coffee was more amazing than the rest I am still so blinded by the deliciousness I can barely write a review. The macademia sundae, the maple bacon brownie, you can die after you go here. You won't regret it cause you have never been to a place like this there is no other Berns.
Where else can you find great 30+ year old wines by the glass and for a very reasonable price? If it's your first time, make sure you do the tour of the kitchen and get dessert upstairs. If you are there and they happen to have some Special Chateaubriand, don't miss the opportunity to get it....it is a rare offering!
What can I say about Bern's that has not already been said? The fact that this Tampa gem is on the national list of best steak houses in the country says it all. Except - I'm not a fan of steak. What a waste, you say? Not so fast my dear. Bern's has great seafood and poultry dishes as well. Not to mention my two favorite things... desert and wine! Their desert room cannot be rivaled. Their deserts are made from the finest quality ingredients in the most amazing combinations... I tend to lean towards their specials for the night because I have tried so many of their staples... I just want it all!! And wine! Oh, glorious wine!! I know where you live and I've seen where you sleep... With nearly 7,000 wines, reaching 500,000 bottles, Bern's boasts the largest private wine selection in the country. Five stars for you my friend. Five starts for you.
Bern's Steakhouse is absolutely fantastic. Warning: after eating here, meat will never taste the same again as Berns serves only high quality meat and everything anywhere else will just taste cheap and disappointing. The decor is gaudy and reminds me of a brothel. The 2nd floor is just killer and stunning use of creativity with wine barrels used as dining settings.
The food was great.  Being from Chicago, this was not the best steak I'd ever had, but it was great.  The main reason I went was for the wine.  We had wine that was older than my grandparents.  Definitely go to the dessert room.
Overrated? I hate to say that because I wanted to love it but I just didn't. My steak was overcooked although I asked for it medium, the sides weren't good, and it was all just over priced for what it was. They also forgot a few other things at my table. The wine cellar was pretty neat and the service was great. I also enjoyed the bananas foster but Bern's really isn't anything special.
I love Bern's! I've been going there for years. The best kept secret is sitting in the bar and ordering "off the menu"! Chicken sandwich, steak sandwich and an unbelievable burger.
The best steak you will ever have. EVER! All the food here is excellent!
Dont judge a book by its cover!  Bern's blew me away once I got past the fact that it looks like an abandoned barn from the outside.  Talk about a serious wine list!  Bern's is known for having the largest private collection of wine in the world!!!!!  From the caviar presentation to the chateaubriand cooked to perfection, the food was about as delicious as it gets.  The oysters were chilled to the Nth degree.  Interesting, but tasty condiments were served with them.  Unique flavors and distinct texture.  The decor is a bit shabby, to say the least.  The place probably hasnt been updated since it was built.  I will admit, the upstairs dessert room was my favorite.  I have never seen so many desserts on one menu.  A special occasion, date night, a celebration.....Bern's is the place to be.  Just make sure you factor in and allow 3 hours for dinner.  Dont forget to take the tour of the building afterwards.  Bring a sweater if you want to see the most ridiculous wine cellar you will ever see in your lifetime!  It's extremely hard to impress me.  Bern's couldnt provide better service either.  I shall be back for more Bern's!!!
Bottom line - easily the best steak I have ever had. Nothing better than when a restaurant meets all your expectations.  Berns meets and exceeds everything you could ever want from a steakhouse.   Right off the bat, I have never seen so many options when it comes to steak.  From the cuts to the thickness, Berns has you covered.  Both the Delmonico and Porterhouse are cooked to perfection.  The beef literally melts on your tongue.  You have to taste it to truly understand.  As another perk, to compensate for the bone in my porterhouse they threw in a bit of filet mignon.  That's never happened in any of steakhouse I have been to in any country.  Berns simply thinks of everything. Another great thing about Berns is just how much is included with the steak.  Trust me when I say you probably won't need to order any side dishes as the steak comes with soup, salad, and a potato.   Add to all that great service, perfect drinks from the bar, and overall wonderful atmosphere and you've got a restaurant that can't be beat.  Berns is the perfect place to celebrate any special event or just to treat yourself. Highly recommended.
A classic spot in Tampa. You must try it! Worth the money!!! Best steak there is, excellent dessert room, and I've also heard awesome things about the lobster bisque.
A wonderful experience -- from foie gras straight through to bananas foster flambe! The ornate interior decor initially caused me to imagine we might be dining in a haunted house, but the waiters were impressively attentive and knowledgeable, and the food and wine were superb! Knowing the vegetables were grown organically at Bern's farm and the kitchen is on display to patrons are some additional advantages to the fabulous meals prepared and served at Bern's. As much as we enjoyed our dinner and dessert, my favorite part of the Bern's experience was the tour of the awesome wine cellar!
great  kitchen tour and wine cellar .."phenomonal".. food 5 star but  worth ever bit!
Well folks this is truly a culinary destination. If you desire to have a Romantic evening,a business meeting to impress,or a carnivore delight.  YOU MUST COME HERE. Valet parking($5) Located in old town of Tampa.The Interior reminds you of days of old classic restaurants. Service is personal, 1 server per 1-2 tables.  Check web site on how to properly order a steak or slowly peruse the menu. Included in the entree is salad,soup, two veggies and baked potatoe. ( loaded if you like) Believe me you leave full or with a doggie.bag. Full bar, big wine/champagne list. And do not forget to reserve a table for upstairs dessert or to have a tour of this classic joint. The desserts area, upstairs, are small rooms with piped in music of choice, a button to call for service. They include all made on the premise delights at about $12 bucks plus desserts drinks. The Drinks  start at $7.00 and top out of the  bargain price $1030.00. (NO ! ,  this is not a typo the most expensive item on the dessert menu is $1030.00, I asked)
I rarely find a place that is not only fine dining to the nine, but a fancy schmancy spot that FEEDS you ?! I mean feeds you FULL??? Yes Bern's has it all! This place is proposal quality in that it is just classic fine dining as Sinatra would of loved it. Its not contemporary or modern sheek, so head elsewhere if that's what you want. This place is almost like dining on the Titanic. The staff is incredible and takes amazing care of you. All of their steaks are extra aged so make sure you order your steak a little bit rarer than you usually do as there is blood loss in the process compared to typical aging. Did I mention they FEED you here? The steaks come with soup, salad and some sides! Of course there are a la carte offerings too but talk about a dying art, the art of feeding people. I rec having a seafood starter because  the temptation of mine, a landlocked girl in Florida, is to eat all seafood! But Bern's is world renowned for their prime steaks. How about the largest wine celler in the WORLD??? Yes they have the 5 digit priced wines but also some great offerings for the average Jane too. Best of all they give you a tour of the cellar, kitchen, that trust me as an industry insider is IMPRESSIVE! They also finish you off in the amazing dessert room upstairs. This is where I see the ol greats like Sinatra sipping on an after dinner drink while nibbling on the neck of a lovely gal.  Amazing scotch list, um rather ridiculous in its MULTIPLE pages. The house made Macadamia nut icecream is a MUST. I know, I know, sounds a little Luah redundant, but it is AMAZING! Supposedly it took 300 different recipes and years of refining for the pastry chef to be satisfied, and its PERFECT now....we ordered a bunch of stuff that was amazing, you know peanut butter love, cheesecake blah blah, but really at the end of the day I wish they would of just brought me a vat of that icecream! Bern's will always have my heart:)
Bern's came highly recommended and did not dissapoint.  It has the feel of a classic steakhouse and is priced to match.  The steak menu looks more like an excel spreadsheet, allowing the customers to order by weight and style.  I chose the 9 oz chateaubriand and it was incredible.  Further, the wine list looks like a phone book with most everything you could want.  Wait staff was top notch.  To end the night, you go upstairs to a separate part of the restaurant for dessert.  The dessert room alone is worth your time. Be warned, you may wait to get your table, even with a reservation.  Then again, that is what cocktails are for.
A nationally known place with great steak but an even better - and daunting- wine list.  Their most expensive wine is $10,000 a bottle and is (they say) worth between $25,000 - 30,000.  Apparently people fly in to Bern's because the prices are so good, its cheaper than buying the wine elsewhere.  Anyway, back to the food.  I had the 6 oz. filet mignon which was cooked perfectly to order and included several sides (salad, onion soup, shredded carrots with almonds, baked potato and haricot verts).  It's a ridiculous amount of food.  Definitely a high class place.  The waitstaff (hi Karen!) is top notch.  Put this restaurant in Manhattan and pay three times what we paid in Tampa.  Ask for the kitchen and wine cellar tour.  Also, reserve a seat in the desert room.  The treats they serve are homemade and extraordinary (try the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate cake).  Fair warning: Bern's is not a hip and happening place.  The clientele is on the old side.  Come here strictly for the food and the attentive service.
Bern's is a "do not miss attraction" in Tampa. Have to be real...for me the food at Bern's is just a 3 1/2. However, the service and "total experience" including decor, atmosphere, kitchen & wine cellar tour, dessert room inch it up to a four. Bern's is more than just a restaurant in Tampa. It is an institution.   For Florida, it can be considered historical. Started in the 1950's, with just one of it's now eight dining rooms, Bern's decor scheme has often described as "sinful bordello". Indeed the rich red velvets and golden thrones when you enter are a little over the top. I don't know if it screams bordello or "King Henry VIII", but after a few visits, to me the decor is distinctly "Bern's". I have been to Bern's several times and the service has always been impeccable.  It may possibly be the best service I have ever had at a fine restaurant.  The servers are well informed and efficient. However, for such a high end place, they are always very friendly as well. Our server on our last visit was eager to guide us (especially our boys) through the menu, giving them an education about all different types of steaks (including, cut, size, grain, etc.). I also appreciated that he stopped us from ordering that extra appetizer, telling us we were ordering way too much food. By the way, the servers have to train as assistants for 11/2 to 2 years before they are full fledged servers. All entrees at Bern's come with French Onion Soup and a side salad so you really do not even need appetizers. Because of this I have always felt that Bern's was a good value compared to other fine restaurants where all items are a la carte. Even if your entree is $35, since it comes as a complete meal you really don't need to order anything else. We did order two appetizers. One was a special, Root Beer Short Ribs. They were very good and tasted better if you kept dipping them in the sweet sauce. They do not compare to the most luscious short ribs I have ever eaten, the Cola Ribs at Lola's in Hollywood, FL. I am not a rib eater but Lola's ribs are so lip smacking good I have to indulge. I must return and review sometime. The second app, the Smoked Fish Tasting, was a total dud. The dish consisted of three types of smoked fish, fish dip, and pickled vegetables. All of the smoked fish pieces were dry and flavorless. The dip itself was not much better. I am not a steak lover but I have always liked Bern's more than any other steak house because they have a great selection of fish as well. On our last visit they had a bunch of sushi appetizers and cerviche available for appetizers.  For an entree I had Scallops. They were perfectly prepared over a corn purée. They just melted in my mouth and were quite delicious.  The men all had steak.  Husband enjoyed his Chateaubriand and 9 year old loved  his Chateaubriand Tips Tips.  I tasted both. I admit I am no expert on steak but I really did not get it. The steak was pretty tender, but other than that, I did not really taste special to me. To me, it was like "The Emperors' New Clothes";  I really could not see what the fuss was about. 10 year old was not in the mood for his steak, but adored the cheeseburger we got to go. Note:  cheeseburgers are not in the regular dinner menu but you can still order them. They might be on the bar menu. Speaking of the bar, or "lounge", that is where our table was on this past visit.  This was one negative about our visit. Beside the bar area, there are only about 8 tables in this room and it is very crowded and noisy. When you make a reservation I would recommend asking to be placed in a larger dining room. The room closest to the dessert room is especially nice. Since the rest of my family had never been there, we went to the dessert room. The dessert room, actually a bunch of different sized private room/booths where you can order desserts & beverages is supposed to mimic the old world tradition of retiring to the drawing room for cordials or dessert after dinner.  I can do without it but it's fun to try once.  Husband and nine year old had Bananas Foster - good but not Commander's Palace excellent. 10 year old had the Malted Chocolate Cake. This dessert must be for chocolate freaks since my son loves chocolate but even this was too chocolatey for him. I had a scoop of their famous Macadamia Nut Ice Cream. It was good but nothing to rave about.   If it is your first visit to Bern's you must take advantage of the kitchen and wine cellar tours. Normally, your server will walk you to the kitchen and then an assistant will do the tour. Our waiter told the Chef how our 9 year old wanted to be a chef so Chef Hab threw a chef's coat on 9 year old and spent  some time with him at the grill. He then had the sous chef take us in a "special tour".  We went in the meat locker and the boys held the meat;  They also played with the lobsters. The wine cellar completed our tour. I can't thank Chef Hab and his staff enough for making our night so special.
one of the best steakhouses that I have been to.  went with my company while attending an exhibit in Tampa, Florida. The good was outrageous, the service was stupendous, the desert room, to die for on the second floor.  All I can say, is if you have the money, go for it!
Driving up to Bern's, you see a very unassuming white building, but once you step inside you are transported to a very magical place. The lobby is illuminated by red tinted lights with velvet lining the walls. The restaurant consists of a series of small dining rooms. We were seated near the back of one and found ourselves immersed in a very intimate atmosphere. The servers, the majority of whom have been there for over 20 years, are more than attentive and can answer any questions you have about their very extensive menu or wine list. To ensure you understand every aspect of ordering the ideal steak at the temperature and cut you prefer, they provide you with multiple descriptions and charts explaining each option in great detail. Their steaks are dry aged twice as long as the industry standard and your particular steak is hand cut only after having placed your order! Along with your entrée come multiple yummy appetizers and sides. First they bring out their famous French onion soup au gratin. I am not exaggerating; this is THE best French onion soup I've ever tasted! I dare someone to find a better one! It was blanketed by a blend of five cheeses and was accompanied by garlic and spelt toasts. It provided the perfect balance of onion and cheesy goodness. I made sure to absorb every last drop! Next was the salad course. Both my dinner date and I opted for the house salad with their homemade ranch dressing and all that was left behind was the empty plate. The next course was the most important, the entrée!! I choose the 8 ounce NY Strip Steak cooked medium. It came sizzling to the table which was music to my ears. It was prepared beautifully - seared to perfection, providing fantastic flavors and just right amount of pink in the center. It was juicy, tender and seasoned like no other steak I've ever tasted. Alongside my extraordinary steak came fried onion strings. At first glance they look like plain ole' onions, however, after my first bite I was taken to a whole new place of delight. I could taste the buttermilk and splendid seasonings they used to bread these gloriously crispy onions. When combining both my magnificently cooked steak and my flavor packed onion strings into one bite I swear I could hear angels singing - absolutely life changing! Shaved carrots and brilliantly grilled zucchini also came alongside but were sadly left unfinished since I refused to leave any morsel of steak or onion string behind. You would think this would be enough to satisfy us, but we simply could not resist their white truffle mac n cheese. It was absolutely heavenly - creamy and topped with crunchy breadcrumbs. The truffle oil melded with the velvety cheeses wonderfully. We tried our hardest to finish every single piece of perfectly cooked pasta. This was an additional cost but positively worth every penny. Before ordering dessert, your server will ask if you would like a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar - the answer is Yes!! Bern's is home to the world's largest restaurant wine cellar! Literally wall to wall wine - definitely a must-see! They start off with a tour of their extremely busy kitchen, describing each station while in action. Their kitchen operates like a very well-oiled machine - from salad preparations to the grill that produces their flawlessly cooked steaks. Everyone has a particular job and they perform it impeccably. After finishing the kitchen tour, it's time for dessert and at Bern's they have a very special area on the second floor in which you must have dessert. It's called the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. There's a winding hallway of enclosed booths each comfortably seating between 2 to 8 people. Each booth provides you with the privacy to eat as many delectable desserts as you desire - and for us that meant three desserts in total, one Brown Sugar, one King Midas, and one Chocolate Peanut Butter Truffle! They have the largest dessert menu of any restaurant I've ever been to, which makes it very difficult to choose one or even just two desserts; a fact we used to justify our splurging. The Brown Sugar was a sampler consisting of chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake, a cookies and cream ice cream sandwich, and a warm brown sugar blondie. The King Midas was moist carrot cake topped with exquisite macadamia nut ice cream and hot fudge. This is seriously some of the tastiest ice cream I've ever had. It was super creamy and full of flavor! The Chocolate Peanut Butter Truffle consisted of milk chocolate mousse and peanut butter cream layered with peanut pralines on a chewy chocolate brownie crust! It was without a doubt my favorite! The rich peanut butter cream and crunchy pralines were great companions for the chocolate mousse. It was simply unforgettable! Bern's is unlike any other steakhouse. It is an out of this world culinary experience that you have to see to believe. So, free up about three hours and get yourself to Bern's Steakhouse. You can thank me later.
Ok, im going to be a bit of a rebel here... i though the food at Bern's was just "ok."  but i know what ur next question is... why the 4 stars?  answer:  the wine list is orgasmic.  they have the largest private selection of wine in the world... 150,000 bottles total.  lots of rare, hard to find, and cult wines.  however, be prepared to pay ur way.  but thats not unreasonable.  after u finish dinner, be sure to take the tour of the kitchen.  i respect the extreme effort they put into their cooking, which includes dry aging their own steaks and having a butcher on premises who cuts your steak to order and personally hands it to the chef (both stations are next to each other, but divided by a wall that is chest high).  the steaks are appreciably cooked on a coal burning grill and not on gas.  this gives the meat a true charcoal taste. as a bbq gourmet i have to say i like it.  i thought the veggies were lacking and simply looked average on my plate.  after u do the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, take urself, ur date, and both sets of second stomachs to the dessert room, which is basically a second restaurant unto itself located upstairs.  the environment is quiet and dimly lit.  def a great ending chapter to a good steak dinner with friends, family, or business associates.  the room is kinda retro looking with floor to ceiling wine casks that have been used to carve out to house dining tables and chairs.  the "rooms" are complemented with retro radios that play a variety of mood enhancing music from classical, to jazz, to broadway.  the radios also include a phone with a direct line to the piano player downstairs.  very cool.  in any event, it isnt SOBE swank, but is definitely upscale, has good food, and is an experience every foodie should log.  ps: dont leave without having their coffee in the dessert room.  i give it an A+.
Because of the history, the awards, the ruckus caused on all the gastronomic sites and publications, because of the largest wine cellar and the larger than life dessert room, I decided to give Bern's Steak House a try. If you are thinking I am too casual about this visit to the pinnacle of steak houses in Florida, well, talk is cheap and I am not crazy about aged steaks. I have been to quite a few steakhouses but stopped going because the aged taste of meat is not something I thoroughly enjoy. For that reason, these establishments fell out of grace with me. I still like steak, well, kind of, but I will order it at an American restaurant, most likely, because most American cuisine restaurants don't age their steaks. I think. So here I am, at Bern's of all places, and the menu looked odd. I mean, everything is included. Onion soup, salad, potato, steak. Not usual for a steakhouse, where you buy everything separate. But that's the deal, and I'm sticking to the plan. I was curious about the other dishes, but the "steak experience" is larger than life, so I was advised against over ordering. The onion soup was straight forward. Nice gruyere on top, a bit small for my taste. Salad was fresh, potato had everything over it, and the steak was medium rare, like I ordered. But the steak was too good. I had a tenderloin with some "au poivre" sauce, and it was delicious. Steak was silky, smooth, very soft yet it kept its shape, and it didn't taste "aged". I was floored with the quality and truly unlike anywhere else. Bern's beats all the Chicago steakhouses with only one punch. The lady helping me was very nice, extremely nice I would say. She had very good diction and made sure I understood absolutely everything. Most people have this "trust me" attitude, but not here, not this lady. I was on the driver's seat at all times. The waiting staff in general was very nice, and I kind of fell in love with the vibe. That doesn't happen often, and I have been doing this all my life. After my meal, I did the tour of the kitchen, which is not necessary if you have been to other kitchens. The tour of the cellar, on the other hand, is a highlight. I spent about thirty minutes there, talking to the sommelier about all the amazing wines in the cellar, trends, good bottles, etc. I'm not a wine snob, but I've been around really good wine. Finally, the dessert room. I was not impressed with the desserts. It's very traditional American baking, the presentations are definitively outdated and it even may look like a diner's offering. But it does fit the nostalgia scene, so, we stick to the plan. I would suggest to even skip the dessert room, but then again, how would you know if it's good? Bern's is a mythical place. It is a place that must be experienced if possible. It is a traditional American steakhouse, stuck in the past and outdated, but they have the best aged steaks this side of the nation. They do. For that reason alone, do yourself a favor and put Bern's in your bucket list.
Great dining. The wait times can be a little tedious even with reservations. Plan to have a drink or two at the bar while you wait. Everything is well prepared and delicious. The wine list is beyond your imagination. The sommelier is very helpful in choosing something to your taste and pocketbook. Please ask for their assistance unless you feel comfortable choosing from a list of too many choices. The dessert room is separate from the main dining rooms so be sure to make reservations for dessert if you plan to have one. The steak dinners are always a hit and reasonably priced for the quality. I've had a few of the other entrees and not always as good as the steaks. Take the "tour" if you haven't before. This is a dinner experience that will take up most of your evening like going to foodie Disney.
When my family and I are on vacation, we usually visit the best steakhouses. Bern's has so many good reviews but left us extremely disappointed in our meal. Our steaks were just palatable, in fact we didn't even finish our meal. The sides were bland and nothing special. This place is certainly not the best steakhouse in Tampa. Our waiter was attentive and even though our food was poor, we had good service. The kitchen and wine cellar tour was cool. Another reviewer had commented on dress code and they do not enforce it. The owners make Bern's out to be this hoity-toity place to eat at but it fails greatly!
Bern's is the best restaurant I have ever been to -  period. My opinion is based on the many aspects that make up the true Bern's experience. From the moment you walk in and see the long tapestries  and paintings hanging from the walls, the place exudes warmth and an old world charm. From the impeccable wait staff to the table side made Cesar Salad - an event of it's own, the vibe of the dining rooms is amazing. The steaks are absolutely melt in your mouth. The fish COULDN'T be any fresher - because 15 minutes earlier - it was swimming in a huge tank in the kitchen. This place is very, very serious about serving the best, freshest, and highest quality food in the USA. If you read the menu, you'll learn that Bern's makes their own butter, grows their own vegetables and so on. How many restaurants do that? Bern's has the finest most varied and most pedigreed wine cellar in the USA. A visit to the massive wine cellar is a not to miss experience. They have wines from the 1800' s and EARLIER for sale. Amazing. Simply amazing. A tour of the kitchen is also requisite to ensure that the diner has not only eaten a fabulous meal, but seen how such amazing food was so skillfully prepared. The tour of the kitchen and wine cellar are absolute journeys that one must partake in. The piece de la resistance is of course, the one and only Desert Room. To not retire up to the Desert Room is tantamount to walking out on your bill. You CANNOT - I REPEAT, CANNOT dine at Bern's and not close out the evening without venturing to the Desert Room. I'm not even going to divulge anymore about the experience except this; get the Bananas Foster, made table side. It is, again, a show that you must see. The superlatives are seemingly never ending for Bern's. I cannot wait to go back. Do NOT miss the chance to dine at Bern's.
Does not get any better than this! This is tops on my list of favorite and memorable experiences. I love the decor the various rooms and tunnels. $5 for valet parking so inexpensive wow! The staff and the personalities reflect the theme of the restaurant. Every employee is or could become actors on True Blood! Creepy in a good way! On to the food. The menu is amazing and different. I had the 14oz delmonico medium with a small amount of fat left on for flavor. They freshly cut every steak as you order it. Every meal is all inclusive, one price includes, soup, salad, steak, vegetable and potato, its actually a great deal when you add it up compared to other ala carte restaurants. everything was flavored perfectly, lots of time and effort seems to go into every component of each ingredient of the dish. The garlic butter on top of the steak really was a perfect accompaniment. The wine list beyond amazing, I believe its the largest selection of wine in the USA. We signed up for the tour of the kitchen 6200 square feet of perfectly clean orchestrated and organized chaos. Then onto the tour of the wine cellar again, well organized, perfectly chilled, excellent knowledgeable tour guides. But way there's more the dessert room, YES a completely separate restaurant dedicated to dessert and piano music. little booths intimate, cozy, romantic, you can request a song for the piano player and we understand that he knows every song imaginable. So I asked for Cinema Paradiso and guess what he knew it. Great experience, can't wait to visit again. This is a must visit restaurant.
Everything about Bern's was 5 star! Amazing dinner from the menu that explains everything to the steak, service, kitchen tour and dessert room. Our waiter, Rick, was very knowledgable and patient. I truly enjoyed the dinner experience at Bern's!
I don't know how you could do better than this. Service was top-notch.  The wine list was a bound leather volume with so many choices that it would literally take hours to go through them all.  They had a large selection of aged wines (particularly French), but at very reasonable prices. My steak was as good as I've ever had, anywhere.  I've been to famous places in Dallas, Chicago, Kansas City, etc.  I've never had a better steak than this. The steak came with French onion soup, a salad, veggies, and a baked potato that our waiter dressed at tableside.  There was no need to order side dishes with all you get.  So while $40 for a steak seems high at first glace, the fact that you get so much when most other high-end places do everything ala carte, it makes the price reasonable, especially given the high quality. After dinner we did a tour of the wine cellar (impressive!) and the kitchen.  Then we went upstairs to the dessert rooms, which were individual tables with walls around them, so you had a sense of privacy.  We split a dessert, and had an after-dinner drink.  Everything was top-notch. If you could give this place a 6-star review, I would.
One of the top 5 meals I've ever had in my life..... Ever. I was not even hungry when we went, but we had the chance to go so we did. Atmosphere, incredible, food outstanding, service, 5 star. Yes it is expensive, but for the quality, it is very reasonable. For the 2 of us I think our bill was $250 but for a meal that I will always remember as very top notch, it was VERY worth it.
One of my favorite dining experiences, and yes it is an experience. Let's start with the building, it is a non-descript, all white building with no windows. Then when you walk inside you are greeted with the most opulent, tacky, over the top decor you could image. With red satin walls, very ornate gold chairs, the lobby itself is an experience. The service is impeccable. The wait staff goes through a two year training process where they work in the kitchen, on the farm, in the wine cellar and in the dessert room. Rumor has it that less than 25% of people make it thru training. Food is top notch. Some of the best cuts of meat you will find anywhere. You order your steak off of a grid with cut, thickness and temperature. The steaks come with a salad, baked potato, onion rings and a vegetable. For a high end steakhouse, you get a ton of bang for your buck. After dinner, it's off for a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Nothing is held back and you are able to walk the entirety of the kitchen and see how everything is prepared up close and personal. The wine cellar is incredible and is the LARGEST wine collection in the world. And then you save the best for last...the dessert room. You will be seated in a personal wine casket worth your party and choose from a list of 20+ amazing desserts. You need a reservation for the dessert room so be sure to let your waiter know at dinner.
Overhyped (Check), Overpriced (Check), Under achieved (Triple Check)!! I've eaten here twice and neither time blew me away!  First, the atmosphere is stuffy with old décor, very old.  Can you say makeover?  I get the impression that they are able to charge high end prices based on their reputation. To me, there was nothing memorable about this dining experience.  The steaks are average at best and really lack seasoning, and to be honest not very flavorful.  I've had much better steaks at Ruth Chris steakhouse; I've never gotten a bad steak there.  The side dishes are old and nothing special....any home cook could make them. For me, it's two and done!  I don't see myself going back again.
Dont be fooled. It's a Good place not great.  Living in its heritage.  If u have money to burn   This is it
You don't know me but take my word for it - I'm not easily impressed. I'm over-critical when it comes to most things, food especially. That said, Bern's knocked my socks straight off. We heard about it from some friends and I expected to be let down, as usual. I couldn't have been more wrong. From the moment we walked in, there was a smile on my face. It never left, not even when I was chewing. The decor is...how can I explain...it's like the Bubble Room meets Buca di Beppo meets the Ritz. It's classy yet tacky, tasteful yet confusing. It works perfectly. The service is without compare. You want the full story of the place and everything you're about to eat? You got it. You want some peace and quiet? Done. The food...my god, the food. Just...the best meal I've eaten, not in Hawaii (freshest, tastiest food ever). I've never liked french onion soup. I can no longer say that. The salad was fantastic. As you'll find out, anything they can grow, they do. They also make their own dressings which, not surprisingly, were the best we'd ever had. I opted for the Hawaiian sweet potatoes off the a la cart menu. If you like sweet potatoes, GET THIS. If you don't like them, get this. They're topped with macadamia nut butter and candied ginger chips. RIDICULOUS. We got the 6 oz. filets and they're right - they don't need sauce. They were full of flavor and cooked perfectly. The sliced carrots and onion rings were great pairings to the steak. We took the kitchen and wine cellar tours, mainly to let our dinners settle before we headed up to the dessert room. The tours turned out to be a lot of fun and it made the experience that much better. Dessert was...I can't believe I'm going to say this...better than dinner. You get your own booth, which is made from old oak barrels, complete with musical selections. Then there are the desserts. Pages of them. Page after delicious page. Oh, and after dinner drinks. My wife had the peanut butter and chocolate truffle. We were told it's been featured on "the best thing I ever ate" and I have no doubts. I had the macadamia nut ice cream sundae, which SHOULD be on the same show.  I've never been so sad to leave a place. It was truly a perfect dining experience, one we'll do again sooner rather than later. A tip of the hat to you, Bern's.
My husband and I dined here to celebrate our Anniversary. It was the perfect place to do so, I highly recommend for a special occasion. The decor is lovely and I really like that the restaurant is separated into so many small rooms. It keeps things feeling intimate despite being a large restaurant. The food was delicious. The french onion soup was so flavorful and all the other food was top notch as well. Just reading their several page menu is a treat and I can't wait to return to try some of their creative sounding appetizers off of their seasonal menu. It is a pricey meal, but prices are not at all unreasonable for the quality & quantity that you receive. The dessert room is not to be missed. I was so impressed with the way everything is set up and you get your own private little booth where you can control your music. There is a phone on the wall to call down to the piano player and request a song. What a creative idea! The only problem is being overwhelmed by too many amazing dessert choices.
Waited for 25 minutes despite having a reservation. I had the tuna, and it was nothing special. It was bland with very greasy potatoes, it did come with a reduction sauce that was good, but seemed a bit on the thick side. I have had far better tuna for a quarter of the price. Even though this is a steak house, I feel like a restaurant is only as good as it worst dish. The dessert room saved the day, and bumped them up to a 3 star.
If I was able to give more than 5 stars I would.  I have now been to Bern's 3 times and each time it gets better and better.  This is the best dining experience I have ever had.  The service is top notch and the food is even better.  The steak we had was aged for 6 weeks and cooked perfectly.  Bern's may be the only reason to go to Tampa.
Its hard to explain how good this place is, so you should just go for yourself and experience it (and it is 'an experience'). We started with the tour of the restaurant, kitchen, and largest private wine collection in the world.  It is just row after row of wine stacked to the ceiling and is amazing to see so many bottles, many of them very old. Then we we had drinks in the beautiful bar/lounge area, where you can choose from 150 wines by the glass. Dinner was amazing, but takes some time to read through the 18 page menu. You order your steak by the thickness you desire and comes with salad and french onion soup. Had the Delmonico and it tasted amazing and was cooked perfectly.  Then you go upstairs to the dessert room which is actually large enough to be another restaurant to itself. Its a great place for a nice private dessert (I highly recommend getting dessert to check it out).  Notice the phone in your booth, and you can call into the live 'piano man' and request songs for him to play.  Truly a great steakhouse, restaurant, and experience.  If you are ever within an hour's drive of this place, it is a must go.  Thank you Bern's.
Love love love Berns.  Take a tour of the Kitchen and wine cellar..  Its a must when visiting Berns. My review is 5 stars and so is Berns. Enjoy the Best in Tampa
I had dinner at Bern's last weekend, and I'm still salivating over it. I'm 4 1/2 hours away in Miami and would be totally tempted to just take a trip up for dinner. It was THAT good of an experience. Make your reservations early. Trust me on this one. We got a reservation for 9 pm and made it about 3-4 weeks in advance. Don't bother coming early either. We were seated shortly after 9. They're so busy, but for good reason! When you walk in, there's a large gold staircase leading up to the restrooms, dim red lighting, and walls adorned with tapestries and Renaissance-esque portraits. The restaurant is divided into several small rooms, which is nice because you don't feel crowded in a huge dining room. We were brought to our small room that had no more than 6 or 7 tables. We were immediately greeted by our super friendly waiter, John. He was attentive and helpful. Definitely 5 stars for service. Now, for the food! I ordered the 9 oz. Chateaubriand (medium). It was perfectly pink in the middle. My brother ordered the filet and it was also cooked perfectly. The steaks were juicy and really superb cuts of meat. They dry-age their meet for 6-8 weeks. You can totally tell. The steaks are packed with flavor and are incredibly tender. Each steak comes with french onion soup (delicious), a salad (I'd recommend the cabernet sauvignon vinaigrette dressing), 2 side vegetables fresh picked from their farm, fried onion strings, and a baked potato with all the toppings. It is plenty of food and a bargain for the price. My steak was around $40 and my brother's was about $35. Everyone I talked to made me think I was going to drop hundreds on dinner for two, so I was pleasantly surprised that Bern's ended up being a better value than a lot of other steakhouses I've been to. Another really cool thing about Bern's is their wine list. They have more wines by the glass (at really reasonable prices) compared to any other restaurant I've been to. They even had a few non-alcoholic wines.   When we sat down, John asked if we wanted the tour and dessert in the Harry Waugh dessert room. Yes, please! After dinner, he lead us to the kitchen where we were given a tour of their different stations. We learned about the meat, all their different caviars, and their antique coffee grinder. We were also given a tour of their wine cellar. Holy moly. They have the largest private wine collection in the world with over a million bottles at their off-site location and 300,000 at the restaurant. They even have a caged room with some serious locks on it that holds some very rare wines, some being the last bottles in existence. It's pretty impressive, even for people that are not wine connoisseurs. Last stop was upstairs to the Harry Waugh Dessert Room, which is basically another restaurant filled with these pod rooms for a private dining experience. We were lead to our pod for two and greeted by another very friendly server. She made a few recommendations, and everything looked so good that it was hard to choose. We ended up with one of their desserts that was featured on the Food Network. I can't remember what they called it, but she sold me when she said chocolate, peanut butter, crushed oreos, and banana ice cream in the same sentence. It was a party of sweetness and indulgence in my mouth. My brother and I couldn't finish it. It was rich and delicious! I cannot wait to come back to Bern's. I'm already planning my next visit...you should be too.
simply the best.  I'll let you in on a secrete.  Order the filet sandwich at the bar with a glass of wine, less expensive and you will be so full you will pop.
The Maine Lobster Bisque is divine. Perhaps the only true fine dining experience in Tampa.
Bern's Steak House, a place where you will consume one of the best steaks in your entire existence! Anyway, I chose Bern's since I wanted a perfect dining experience for my bf's birthday. Due to our hectic schedule; I couldn't make a reservation earlier than 10pm.  We arrived a little before our time, but we were seated within a few minutes of waiting. To be honest, I was initially apprehensive about the quality of our service since we were seated so late, but our server was very attentive and charming. We ordered the Smoked Fish Sampler, Filet, and Delmonico. The wine selection here was so unbelievable! I loved how there were some fantastic wine choices available by the glass. It's always nice to have some different wine options during dinner without having to drink a new bottle each time.   The sampler had 3 types of smoked fish, fish pate, and some sauces. A nice added bonus to the dish were an assortment of pickled vegetables! French onion soup and salad preceded our entrees, while the baked potato and side veggies were served along with the steaks. Every course was timed perfectly as there was never a lull in between dishes. When served, our steaks were cooked perfectly. While both steaks were absolutely delicious, my preference was towards the Delmonico. Just imagine tender, well-marbled beef that just exuded a new beef flavor with every chew in your mouth.   After dinner, we opted for both the kitchen and wine cellar tour. During the tours,I  developed a greater appreciation for all the wonderful staff that help orchestrate dinner service every single night. These people are boss! We concluded our experience with spirits in the dessert room. As expected,  both dessert sampler and libations were enjoyable. The piano player was a total blast! Whatever people wanted to hear, then that's what he played. He was so talented that he was able to learn a new song in a matter of minutes, very impressive! All around, it was such an enjoyable experience! We definitely can't wait to come back.
BERN is an experience that everyone who lives in Florida needs to have. From an outstanding dinner to having dessert on the second floor everything applied in this restaurant is perfect. I recommend having a reservation before coming to this place, because its busy all year around. You will see why its always packed.
Amazing dining experience.  Bern's never disappoints.
awesome old school service.  unbelievable dessert room and wine cellar.  worth the trip for the ambiance itself.  unfortunately, my steak was average at best:(  very difficult to get reservations, call well in advance
I don't know what I can add to the reviews that hasn't already been mentioned about Bern's. I do agree with some other reviewers that the décor is outdated and the place has a bit of a stuffy feel to it, but you get over that real fast once you're seated. Take the advice of everyone else here: (1) make a reservation, (2) tour the kitchen & wine cellar (3) make a dessert room reservation (4) expect to spend a lot of money. If you go into it with all four of those taken care of, you're going to have a dining experience of a lifetime. Bern's is world famous for good reason - they know what they're doing and have been doing it for a very long time. I've heard a lot of people whine about the cost, but I've never heard anyone whine about the product on the plate. Understand that this is a world class Steakhouse, regularly rated amongst the absolute best restaurants in the United States of America, and you are going to pay for such an establishment. Without qualification or reservation, the service is absolutely impeccable, as well it should be. You will not want for a thing, you will not have to ask for a thing, it will just appear on your table. There is a dress code, and if you come underdressed, they will either provide you with a house coat, which you will wear or you will not be seated. If you're going to be going with a party of people and are having the full experience with drinks, appetizers, entrée, and dessert, you're going to drop some coin. Definitely a place everyone should try at least once in their life to see how it's really done. And they do it! 5 stars.
Had the best cappucino here, know that its a steakhouse but the warm yummy cappe was what really set me off. I loved the decor, old yet classic.
PERFECT FROM START TO FINISH!  This is my favorite restaurant in America!  Such a treat to come here. It's really hard to eat at any other steak restaurant. My husband and I usually share the chateaubriand - we like to leave room to enjoy the dessert room.  It's delicious!  As is their house salad, caesar salad, french onion soup and steak tartare. And, their wine!!  Their wine list is the largest I've ever seen! The kitchen and wine cellar tour is a must (incredible!) as is a trip to the dessert room!  This is my favorite place to dress up and have an enjoyable romantic, dining experience - although I've seen people in there wearing denim.  Make reservations weeks in advance.  The atmosphere is great and food and service is second to none, especially when it comes to steaks -  nothing else compares.
Always a great night out - the steaks are pefect and their dessert room is amazing! **try the banana's foster**
Well, we usually always come here to visit the dessert room upstairs after visiting Sideberns for dinner. The dessert room is an experience every one should have. The desserts are so good and they have a huge list of dessert wines, alcoholic drinks and coffees. We love coming here when we are in town. I just wish they would take reservations at times
My friends, knowing I'm quite the foodie, often ask me questions such as "what's your favorite steakhouse?" When steak is the question, I always give the same answer: Bern's in Tampa Bay. I've been fortunate enough to come here several times in my life, which, considering that I live in northern VA, is quite the blessing. And when I call myself a foodie, I'm telling you that I've been able to sample top-flight steakhouses all around the country and overseas as well. All of them, every last one, has never reached the level that Bern's has, and I doubt any ever will. Where to start.... Well, for one thing, this is a restaurant the likes of which you've never seen before. The best way to describe it would be a high-end nineteen hundreds saloon. But even that isn't an adequate enough description: it really must be seen to be understood. It's also the kind of restaurant where you can't get away with coming unprepared. Unprepared for a beyond-delicious meal, unprepared for the most extensive and luxurious wine list, or even unprepared in terms of dress. This is a formal occasion, folks: business casual at the VERY least. No jeans, no tee-shirts, none of that. I've actually seen people turned away for not following those guidelines. The menu is traditional to a T, and all the better for it: this is the kind of steakhouse where you'll get fried onion straws with your meat (which, by the way, are amazing). But Bern's takes things a step further than any other steak joint: each one of their incredible steaks have 62 options for preparation for you to choose from, ensuring that you get your steak exactly how you want it, and I'm not just talking about rare, medium rare, et al. Want all the fat trimmed off? No problem. Prefer your cut to leave a little around the edges? Same deal. You can also order the exact size you want, too: you're not stuck with whatever's on the menu. Lastly, it doesn't hurt to mention that every steak at Bern's is aged between 5-8 weeks, making them even yummier. Bern's châteaubriand is the greatest steak I've ever had, no doubt about it. You owe it to yourself to order one of these bad boys. I've also had the porterhouse and the delmonico, and both were also wonderful. The dessert experience at Bern's is just that: an experience. For desserts, you're invited upstairs to the dessert and after-dinner drink lounge, which is composed entirely of separate circular booths, offering you and your party (this place is great for groups, by the way) a private and intimate chance to enjoy your desserts and each other. Any review of Bern's would be incomplete without a word concerning the wine list. As far as American restaurants go, I've yet to see one better. There are reds and whites from all over the globe and at every price range. The champaign selection puts most other restaurants' entire wine list to shame. Then there are the specialty bottles, like the port my father once saw some internet bubble millionaires drinking at $1,250 a glass. To prevent myself from running on and on, just know this: Bern's wine cellar contains over 6,800 selections with more than a half million bottles. Yeah: over 500,000 bottles. It's simply stunning. After your meal, be sure to ask your waiter for a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Bern's kitchen is a thing of magic, with well over 40 chefs working flawlessly together, creating legendarily perfect meals. And as you now probably realize, you don't want to miss the wine cellar either. One last thing which I cannot sign off without mentioning: the waitstaff. At Bern's, you won't encounter kids waiting (or even bussing) tables during summer to make some extra money for their return to college in the fall. You'll see professional waiters- people who have been perfecting their craft for years and years, and who truly care about sending you away floating on air. Last time I was there, our waiter told us (after we complemented him on his fantastic service) that each prospective waiter trains at Bern's for one year before they're allowed to be on the floor training with another waiter. That part of the training lasts for about twelve weeks, and then the trainee is FINALLY allowed to serve tables by his- or herself. How incredible is that?!? It takes nearly FIFTEEN MONTHS before someone is allowed to wait tables at Bern's. Not to mention the fact that anyone they allow in to the training regimen already has years of experience waiting at a high level. So that should give you some idea about how perfect the service is there. Take a look at the website and read up about it all- it's truly amazing: bernssteakhouse.com/Our-… There's nothing more to say: Bern's Steakhouse is, simply put, the best steakhouse I've ever been to, and I can't imagine that will ever change. For steak connoisseurs, it's worth a trip to Tampa Bay no matter where you live.
Starting with our waiter...he was so awesome!!   I've never had french onion soup that good anywhere.  I could have stood to have more of that.  My steak was wonderful and both the Italian and the Macadamia Nut salad dressing were delicious.  We toured the kitchen and I was impressed at the organization of everything and how clean it was.   The other thing I loved was our second waiter Abraham up in the desert room.  He was wonderful but I didn't love the desert so much.  I got the apple pie and, yes, I said "and", the brownie.  Well, you only live once and I was just in town a few days so why not!  Anyway, I didn't love either of them very much at all, but I did love another person's desert at our table and should have just stolen it from her and given her mine.  The apple pie and the brownie were both very bland and flavorless.  The brownie at Outback is the best ever and my apple pie is way better.  I was sad.  :(
I am a foodie, I travel the world eating at many great restaurants.  This is one you MUST go to and do desert upstairs afterowords.  Best Banannas Foster I have EVER eaten and GREAT service.  Steak was AMAZING- go to this place and splurge
After looking for a place to eat in Tampa, we came upon Bern's because of so many great reviews. Unfortunately, the price tag wasn't quite worth it. (Our meals averaged $50 per person for just an entree, tax and tip) Service: Waiters were extremely busy and had too many tables. The back of the menu detailed their training service, but I didn't see it. Food: Three courses once you order an entree, but my entire entree (Chicken Bern) was salty and the salad lackluster. A very intense number of steak options in terms of cuts, thickness, and portions. Atmosphere: Red lighting? Not reassuring for mealtime. The menu boasts a 1000(?) seat area for their wine selection, but waiters bumped my chair all night to take care of neighboring tables. However! There is a room just for desserts-- but our meal was too expensive to even consider going to the dessert room. Everyone in our party was not impressed with their dinners, so I wouldn't recommend it. All hype, not better than your average dinner. Boca's isn't too far away, and I heard many good things about it! Try that instead, and save the cash for your ride home.
This is more than a meal - it's an experience. If you are visiting Tampa, you don't want to miss this place. You will not leave hungry. As a matter of fact, skip lunch the day you go. First, everyone thinks it's so expensive. It's actually less expensive than say a Fleming's or Capital Grille. Each dinner comes with French Onion Soup, salad, two veggies and a baked potato. The French onion soup is cheesy deliciousness. The salad dressing are awesome. Besides the normal ranch and blue cheese - they have dressings like vanilla bean macadamia nut. The menu is extensive and there is something for everyone. Pretty much any cut of steak you can think of in a variety of weights. I had the scallops this time and they were perfect. Their wine list is like nothing you have ever seen. It's a book for goodness sake. If you cant find a wine there...just go home. After dinner, be sure to ask for the kitchen tour. They take you behind the scenes and you can see what a well run kitchen it is - and all the fresh ingredients. And then they take you through the wine cellar. So cool. Then you need to head upstairs to the dessert room. At this point you are thinking - I am so full I don't have any more room. Well don't listen to that inner voice. Just go upstairs. There are about 25 desserts to choose from. All are great. Bananas foster - amazing. The carrot cake - OMG good. The brown sugar dessert....yum. The chocolate peanut butter truffle - out of this world. You need to make a reservation. And expect a 3-4 hour dinner. You wont regret it.
There isn't much to say about what already exists in the reviews of Berns. They exemplify class and the true art of dining. Absolutely one of the best culinary experiences I've ever had.
Amazing experience! The steak is delicious, & you get a ton of food with any entree, which is a much better deal than most steakhouses where everything is a la cart. The ambiance & service are wonderful. & don't miss the dessert room! Your waiter can make a reservation for you there after the main meal. Very romantic & an amazing experience.
Tampa's jewel as far as fine dining & steak houses go. Perfect for a nice steak dinner or celebrations of any kind. When I say its a unique experience I don't mean its a concept out of this world one has never seen before, I mean the attention to detail to the food & the people who work there are unique and interesting. Just open up the conversation if you are feeling it.. The environment is embellished with pop of colors as you walk into the restaurant, however I feel as though every area of the restaurant has it's own feel to it too. Art works to be admired around for customers enjoyment. Love the selection of their appetizers, there is not much that you could crave and not find of the menu. A good list of caviar for those whom partake. Salads are always fresh and delicious. The Cesar salad is made right next to the table as it's about to be served. The Caprese salad is made with the freshest mozzarella and tomatoes. Soups are always wonderful. The French onion is amazing. I also really like the Vichyssoise. My favorite cut & choice of meat must be the chateaubriand, aged and always cooked to perfection. Variety of cuts & sizes for all kinds of steak lovers. The steak are always served with onion rings, seasonal vegetables, baked potatoes, and house salads. The side dishes are always worth a try that is if you can find room in you appetite!! My favorite has to be the truffle Mac & cheese. It's not over powering in taste but tickles your taste buds. After dinner of course you have to partake in the sweets. Make sure to have reservations for the dessert room on weekends as well.  The Harry Waugh dessert room is another gem in itself. There are plenty of options as your heart desires. There is a live piano player that can play your favorite tunes as you request them. My favorites have to be banana cream pie and the sundaes.
Ate here 17 years ago and the decor hasn't changed- Red velvet, old world and fantastic. This is not just a place to have dinner, it's a dining experience. Plan on spending about 3 1/2 hours here if you do the tour and desert room. Prices were absolutely reasonable for what you get (soup, salad, onion strings, potato and fresh veggies from their garden) and the overall experience. We've travelled to San Francisco, Chicago and Aspen this past year and cocktail prices were on par for those cities and my Sidecar was just as good. Their menu of wines by the glass is the most extensive I've seen anywhere. I was able to have a delicious glass of Chateau La Tour Bordeaux without breaking the bank. The chateaubriand is a must as is the desert room.
My wife and I had been eagerly anticipating dining at Bern's for weeks to celebrate our anniversary, however we realized that we never actually made a reservation.  We got lucky anyway, scheduling an 8pm spot just 2 days prior. Since it was dark when we arrived, we couldn't get a feel for what the outside of the building looked like.  What we could see though is that we had to pay $5 to have some kid park our car just 20 feet away.   We walked in and were very impressed by the decor.  It felt like a fusion between the elegance you'd expect while dining on the Titanic and the dark, mystery of The Haunted Mansion at Disney (in a good way).  We sat in the lobby area waiting for a few minutes and I got the chance to look around even more.  The place was jumping with people.  There seemed to be so many different directions you could go in and I just wanted to get up and walk around to explore.  There was a hallway to my left that appeared as if it were a passageway to a dungeon.   Sitting there also gave me an opportunity to watch some of the staff.  Maybe reading some of the reviews falsely raised my expectations on their professionalism but I definitely was not that impressed by what I was seeing so far.  There was a young woman organizing menus that looked absolutely miserable.  She was the one who lead us to our table and was just very "blah". Unfortunately, we were seated in what appeared to be the smallest, least attractively decorated room, Florentine.  We only sat with our menus for a moment before our server came to us.  He was very friendly and quite attentive throughout the evening.   Now on to the food...They have many different types of steaks and many different size cuts to choose from.  The menu breaks it down very simply though.  I chose the 12oz strip sirloin for $45.92 and my wife got the 6oz filet mignon for $32.40.  The good thing is that these prices also include soup, salad, baked potato, and vegetables.  We were a little uncertain about whether sides were all a la carte or not so this was nice to find out.   The star of the night was definitely the french onion soup.  It exploded with flavor and had the perfect layer of cheese over the top of it.  The salad was robust and had a lot going on.  I got the blue cheese dressing, which was pretty good.   The baked potato was finished table side with our server putting as much or as little sour cream, butter, chives, and bacon on it as we liked.  The vegetables this night were collard greens and shredded carrots.  The greens were perfectly cooked and seasoned but the carrots weren't great.  My sirloin was cooked to a perfect medium.  It had an excellent crust on the outside and pink in the center.  For some reason, I was expecting some completely different taste from my steak after hearing so much about the quality of their aged beef, and don't get me wrong, it was a really good steak but it didn't blow me away with any originality.  After trying my wife's filet, I wished I had gotten that because it was much more tender.   After our meal, our server asked if we wanted a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  We had made a reservation in the desert room, through our server, at the beginning of our meal so a nice little stroll around the kitchen would help to stretch out and make room for the desert.  We settled our bill (you will have a separate bill for the desert room if you choose to eat there) and took the tour.  The kitchen was as busy as you'd expect it.  The wine collection was extensive.  It made me wonder how they can even find all of the wines they have if ordered.   After the tour, we walked upstairs, checked in and were seated for our desert.  Each table is relatively private and partially enclosed.  There are buttons on a little console for you to press and choose what type of music you'd like to listen to.  The Broadway selection wasn't working so we chose live piano music.  There is a phone there too if you want to call and request a song.  My wife ordered the Baked Alaska and I got the Macadamia Nut Sundae.  Both were absolutely delicious but I was so stuffed, I couldn't finish mine.   After being stuffed, I just wanted to leave but there were people waiting for the valet to bring their cars.  We stood for about 7 minutes until ours came rolling up.  Not the best of systems and not the best way to end the evening but also not enough to damper what was a really nice dinner event.
When I was told we were going to Bern's, I thought "oh yeah, Outback steak tonight!".  I had never heard of this place before, but I have been to Morton's, Ruth's Chris, The Palm, etc, so I considered it comparable... I was wrong... The places oozes class when you consider it's really just a place to go get a slab of steak... I ordered the "chateaubriand" and it was absolutely ridiculous.  We learned a little history about the place and how they handle the beef at the restaurant.  People can tell me all they want about dry aging beef and seasonings and whatever else... I've never had a steak as good as this was in my entire life.  As usual in a place like this, all the sides are "a la carte" and are big enough to be a meal themself.  Between the 3 of us, we shared the truffle mac and cheese and asparagus while I ordered a sweet potato for myself... Of course, I couldn't eat everything, but I did make sure to polish off the red meat because, after all, that's the reason we came.  I did find room for a little dessert, and even though I'm not a fan of bread pudding the chocolate pecan as referenced earlier was absolutely delicious.  If I didn't think I'd get dirty looks carrying out a doggy bag, I would've brought it back to the hotel with me... All in all it was a great experience.  The night ended a little earlier than I likely would've stayed had I gone with a date or family but... I enjoyed the food and the recommended wine.  The staff was polite and helpful and willing to do whatever you wanted them to do. 5 out of 5.  Next time I'm in Tampa, I will make it a point to pop in for another visit.
I'd give Bern's 3.5 stars at most (blasphemy to many, I know).  I've now dined at the restaurant 3 times over the last year or so, so I feel like I've gotten a good feel for the place. First, there is no doubt that this is a 4-5 star dining experience.  They make it quite an affair with the novel of a menu, their various degrees at which you can cook your meat, a supposed long training program for waiters, a kitchen and wine cellar tour, and then being taken to the dessert room.  It's definitely a fun place to take guests for dinner (other than the hefty bill) because of all the hubbub surrounding the restaurant.   However, other than this over the top "experience," when stepping back to take a moment and analyze the actual meal, the food is 3 stars.  Yes, they dry age their steak for around 5 weeks.  Yes, they trim off all this fat and meat, and only serve 20-25% of the steak they purchase.  Yes, they do yadda yadda yadda.  But at the end of the day, are the steaks ridiculously delicious, to be considered some of the best in the country?  Not really.  I've had better, and for a cheaper price too!  Also, despite the fact that they offer their steak to be cooked at so many varying degrees of temperatures, the chefs are inconsistent.  I order rare (warm center) every time, and each time, the doneness of the meat has been extremely varied. Service also really varies and is by no means "excellent."  All waiters apparently go through a 1 year training program before they're even allowed to serve customers.  Well, maybe their friendliness went out of the window with that program, because during the three times I've been here, the service has increasingly become poorer and poorer, and the waiters almost seem like they don't want to be there.  Sure, they're nice enough, but you get a feeling like they're almost looking down at you.  I've dined at some really nice restaurants, and at the end of the day you want to feel like you're welcome at the restaurant, not that you're bothering the waitstaff. Overall, is it worth all the hype?  Probably not.  Is it the best steak ever and deserves to be known as one of the top steakhouses in the country?  Certainly not.  But is it worth trying?  Sure, but be prepared to be a bit underwhelmed.
Ate here during a conference. Delmonico was good (underseasoned) and the French onion soup was great. They make a Balsalmic Creamy Italian dressing which was incredible. The wine room tour was a great treat and the cheesecake was awesome.
Always an exceptional meal with outstanding service.  The best value in Tampa bay. I love this place. Take the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  You won't be disappointed.
Delivers.  The best dining in the Bay Area, bar none.
A little on the pricey side but worth it.  The dessert room was great.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed the atmosphere.  For our next anniversary dinner date we'll be coming here.
When I  went there a few years ago, we got to take a tour of the wine cellar and other places.  The food and service were excellent.  We went with no reservations and were still seated in a very reasonable time.
This is a dining adventure. The "experience" is as wonderful as the meal itself.   So nice to not have to order everything al a carte.  The entrees all come with French onion soup, salad, potato, onion rings and vegetable.  You HAVE to save room for the desert room, too!!
Bern's is a part of Tampa that everyone must experience at least once. When they do, they will be back for every special occasion probably more...
I really don't know how to express my experience eating at Bern's Steak House in Tampa, Florida.  I would simply have to say it was a true privilege.  From the moment you walk into Bern's, you're struck by the history of the place.  It started as a single dining room in a strip mall, but grew to fill the entire space as they bought out the building.  To call the place in institution is appropriate.  They say it's about the "art of steak", but truly it's about food as an art. Everyone who dines at Bern's is able to take a tour of the kitchens and the wine cellar.  According to my wine cellar guide, one of a few who spend all night finding the wines people order in the massive library, only 15% of their wine is housed in the cellar.  The rest is in a warehouse nearby.  We're talking HALF A MILLION BOTTLES and 6,800+ labels to choose from on a given night.  There's a wine worth $30,000.  There is port made from grapes that were grown when Abraham Lincoln was a CHILD.  It was like a library of wines.  It was like the Hall of Prophecy from Harry Potter, but filled with wine.  The guy said you could drink a bottle a day for like 18 years and never drink the same bottle twice. The kitchen was no less impressive.  Our tour, given by a waiter in training, allowed us into the busy, loud world of the kitchen.  They have 60-100 people in the kitchen alone.  They have huge grills for the meat that take up some serious square footage.  Thousands of pounds of steak per week, tons of salads from their garden... it's an insane operation.  They even grow some herbs in the kitchen for the salads. I figured I needed to have a steak... but had no idea everything that would come with it.  Without asking, your steak comes with a French onion soup course, salad with so many dressing options, a baked potato, fried onions, and fresh vegetables. Oh. Em. Gee. My side of the table also indulged in some White Truffle Macaroni and Cheese... which I could have eaten as my meal.  Seriously, what was in that?  It was divine.  The best macaroni I've had in my life.  I need to recreate this decadence.  Oh, and the steak was perfect.  Of course! One nuance about Bern's?  You need a separate reservation for dessert.  No joke.  You head upstairs to semi-private rooms (built with giant wine casks as walls) to page through the most intensely amazing dessert menu I have ever seen.  I could have eaten multiple courses there and stayed all night.  The private rooms are so sweet and intimate.  I chose the Banana Bread Bread Pudding: toasted banana pecan bread baked in banana custard, dulce de leche, banana caramel ice cream.  I DIE. Traveling for work is exhausting.  It takes me away from my home and my boys for days... but there are definitely perks. Being taken on culinary adventures is one of them.  Bern's will remain in my memory as one of those unforgettable meal experiences for sure.  Tampa, I'm impressed!
Wow. Absolutely amazing experience. The food was delicious and I would still rate this restaraunt a five if their food was horrendous. For my purposes, I see very little between high end steak restaurants as there is only so much difference between dry aged meats and their preparation.  But here, you get the experience that I have not seen at any other restaurant. Highly recommend the kitchen tour, wine cellar tour, and grabbing some scotch up in the dessert room.
Great steaks, mine was a little under cook from medium, good service, I would go again.
I have been in Tampa for work a few times in the last couple of months. A group of us went to Bern's a couple of months ago and WE LOVED IT!! The service was awesome and there were 15 of us. This time around we had a new group of people and we had to go back. There were 10 of us at dinner, our waiter (forget his name) was really nice. That French Onion soup is the best soup I have ever had, They cook veal bones and the broth for 4 days. I had the Chateaubriand my first visit and it was cooked perfectly and was delicious. Last night I had the Delmonico and it was a little fatty for me but still really good. Not only is the food delicious but the whole dining experience is wonderful. We got our tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. On a busy Friday or Saturday night in the winter this kitchen puts out over 900 dinner's!! They have about 100-150 employees working at a given time and 3 sommeliers. The wine cellar is like nothing I have ever seen. There are 7000 different bottles of wine and a case of each in the restaurant cellar, there is an area that is locked up that has bottles wrapped in plastic to preserve the label's of this wine is hundreds of years old. Once done with our tour we headed upstairs to the dessert room. I ordered the banana cheese pie. I am not a huge fan of dessert but this pie is so good, it was like I took a bite right out of a banana, the whipped cream cheese and bananas was like nothing I have ever had. Another person in our group ordered the Bananas foster, it was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious. We thanked our waiter and told him we would see him again next month. Definitely need to try this place.
You go to Bern's for the experience. Attention to details is what won me over. From the time you walk in to the regal red lobby, to the garlic toast, to the fresh salad topped with Cabernet Sauvignon vinaigrette, the sides, the huge shrimp with no shells, buttery scallops, the tour, the dessert room with a booth carved out of a giant wine barrel & finally the car attendants bringing your car right to you feet - Bern's thought of everything. I will be back!
Absolutely LOVE Berns!  Excellent steak, seafood and wine in an eclectic atmosphere. Refined service staff.  Each room has a different atmosphere. From red velvet walled lobby to open group seating and the barrel walls of the dessert room. Incredible dessert room upstairs and ask for a wine cellar tour while you are there. Order your steak by the ounce. Steak tartare and chateau briande are stand outs. Vegetables are grown fresh on the restaurant's local farm. The lobster is live in the tank. Make reservations and allow for a few hours of unique dining.  Excellent! Memorable!  It's a Tampa icon.
Have to love the wine selection. Unparalleled. Our chateaubriand was perfect. The decor is questionable but somehow lends to the ambiance. We've been to berns many times and have enjoyed it each and very time. The sommelier picked some very old unique wines that complemented our meal and would love to come here daily.
Going to Bern's is definitely an experience.  Excellent meals are finished off by a visit to their special Dessert Room.  Don't miss the tour of the wine cellar and the kitchen! The best!
Mecca for wine. This place has an amazing history, 500,000 bottles of wine with many of them being rare labels, a free guided tour of the cellar, great steaks, and amazing service and desserts. If you love wine, put this place on your kick the bucket list for sure!
Really delicious place to eat. It's a place that you have to get dressed up for and it's normally something I only do on special occasions . The dessert room is my all time favorite .. You have to get their macadamia nut ice cream . You will also love the little tour they do for you after dinner.
I was not impressed.  I feel the hype is exagerrated.  Might as well call the place the Blue Martini for geriatrics.  It is old and boring, and everybody within an earshot will tell you how great they are and how fabulous the Berns experience is!  Personally, I don't enjoy a dinner that last 3 hours and everybody is looking at everybody else the whole time to see how they measure up.  I much prefer Mallio's over this snooze fest.  Btw   Stay away from 80 year old bartender who thinks he owns the place and knows all about the world.  He is a tool and it is distinctly possible you will lose brain cells by speaking to him. Overall, the food is okay, but it is a commitment to dine at Bern's.
Wasn't crazy about my overall trip to Tampa Florida but Bern's made it all worth while.  My friend decided to go to Tampa for her bachelorette party.   I am very glad she wanted to go to a steak house.  I did read some reviews before we went and read some people thought this place was outdated, over priced etc.  I couldn't disagree more.  I really think you are getting a great bang for your buck at a top rated steak house.  For 4 people for dinner (4 Filet Mignons 6oz) and few drinks (5 I think) we spent $65 per person.  That included a more than generous gratuity.  I come from New York so this is a steal!  Most steak houses are a la carte and can be a small fortune after all is said and done.  Our server was a true professional and it showed.  I really wish I could remember his name but I had one to many delicious wines and the amazing dessert really jaded my memory.  The kitchen tour was cool for the curious and the wine cellar was definitely cool.  Our tour guide was a cool local kid that felt so lucky to have a job there and was very informative.  Dessert was AMAZING - you have to splurge on this if you go.  I didn't have it but my 3 girlfriends RAVED about the Banana bread pudding.  My friend and I both decided on 2 different sampler desserts so we could sample everything.  It was called Brown sugar and was absolutely delicious.  If you love a good steak house and want a truly memorable experience...do not look any further.
Ok this place lives up to all the expectations. It is beautiful both the dining areas and the dessert room upstairs! Make a reservation and you will receive great service and even an offer to tour their kitchen and winery! Everyone working here has unbelievable knowledge about every aspect of the steakhouse (ask about their training and process)! The food is amazing and for everything you get this steakhouse is truly not as expensive as it could be! This is a MUST GO if visiting Tampa! Pro Tip- you can visit the dessert room without a dinner reservation, just call and make a dessert reservation!
My first experience at Bern's was in August when my best friend surprised me for my birthday and took me to the dessert room and I was blown away with the desserts! Because of my first experience I convinced my family that we should go to the dessert room for their anniversary. We had dinner at the Capital Grille and it was a lovely time so we were expecting Bern's to be just as lovely. We came early enough that we didn't have to wait long to be seated. The inside is different, very much like Disney's haunted house
Finally made our way to Bern's for our anniversary. We had a great waiter who provided excellent service. The crab cakes appetizer was delicious, but pricey. I like that their entrees come with soup, salad and sides instead of a la carte like other steakhouses in the area. So it really isn't as expensive as most people say it is. (I do however wish that you could change the soup, salad, etc and just pay the difference in price.) You either get what comes with the meal or you have to pay full price for a different soup, salad, etc. So I had the french onion soup, which was okay. The garlic toasts were great though. Next time I will pay extra to try the lobster bisque. I also got the regular salad, the Maple dijon dressing was delicious! But next time we will pay more for the Caesar. The baked potato was great. We also ordered an extra side--the creamy truffled mushrooms--which were pretty good, but again, pricey. I loved them on my steak since I didn't order an extra sauce. The veggies of the night were green beans and carrots--nothing special. My filet mignon was so so good! Steak also came with fried onions which were yummy. Overall, it was really good and I would go back again and try some new things. I really think the waiter enhanced the experience. I loved going on the kitchen and wine cellar tour--very cool experience. We also visited the dessert room. You must save room for this! Sad we didn't get any special treatment for spending our anniversary there ;)
First time at Berns. The atmosphere was very cool and the food was delicious and served promptly and in a professional manner. The check was somewhat bizarre with a 12% service charge added..Increasing the tip to 20% as you divide the bill was math hell...but we managed. The dessert room was like being in a beautifully designed, but, isolated, dark, cold, prison cell...Instead of being interogated and confessing, we were suprisingly served an ice cream sundae and apple pie..which were very, very good, but not exceptional..I'd go back for the steak again, but avoid the dessert correctional facility.
I have been going to Berns for the past four years now ever since my parents brought me once to celebrate my birthday. Let me just start by saying, yes sometimes the wait is a tad long and the seating isn't the most private but the service is outstanding. The experience is what it is all about. The chateaubriand is what I normally order and it never disappoints. But the main reason I am writing this review is due to their Caesar salad. A side salad is added into the meal but if you want a salad that will change your view on all Caesar salads to come, enjoy the classic caesar dressing compared to a thick, creamy generic caesar dressing, you MUST order this salad! Can you tell I'm obsessed? I am. I flew on my birthday just to eat this salad. I dream of it. Ok this is getting weird. Just the way they present the salad, making it in front of you, letting it sit and marinate to develop all of the flavor, amazing!! Best salad I've ever had in my life, hands down. Macadamia nut ice cream is also a classic. If you enjoy a delicious meal that doesn't leave you starving and having to pay a ridiculous amount of money for sides just to fill you up, Berns is the place. Did I mention the Caesar salad?
Bern's Steakhouse is as good as it gets for steak.  This was my fourth time at Bern's Steakhouse.  I brought a friend from out of town who had never been before, but he travels a great deal for business and usually goes to a steakhouse wherever he is.  He has been to three of the "top ten" steakhouses in the U.S., -- and said that he could not remember ever having a better steak than the Filet Mignon he had at Bern's. (Bern's is also known as one of the best wine restaurants in the world.  Sadly, we did not have any wine.  I was on a low carb diet, and my friend is not a wine drinker, or really a drinker of any kind.) Bern's decor reminds me of something that was considered elegant in the late 1950's or 1960's.  It is not shabby or worn, just not modern.  Valet parking, mostly dim lighting, dark wallpaper in the lobby.  It almost feels that you have gone back in time.  There are several medium-sized dining rooms, each with a somewhat different decor. We had reservations at 5:30, but got there at about 5:10 and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was outstanding!  He was friendly, knowledgeable, elegant, sophisticated and funny.  When I asked how long he had been working there, he said he had been at Bern's for 27 years, but there were a few others who had been there longer.   He knew that we were not a "big check" since we were not ordering wine, but the service was just about perfect.  Even though we were only drinking soda, our glasses were never empty and every need was met without being overbearing. The menu at Bern's feels like it is an academic class on Steak.  It allows you to order by the type, size and thickness of your steak.  The waiter explained how the meat is carefully aged.  There are other options on the menu, from seafood to chicken, but I have no idea why anyone would go to Bern's and not get the steak, unless they were with someone else getting steak and don't eat red meat or some such silliness as that. Compared to some more modern steakhouses, Bern's is actually a pretty good deal.  Some places have an expensive price for a steak, and that's all you get -- everything else is a la carte.  At Bern's, the entre comes with French Onion Soup, and then a nice salad before the entre.  The meal has a loaded baked potato (prepared tableside), some glazed carrots and bok choi with the steak.  My friend had the Filet Mignon, while I had a 12 oz Delmonico (a/k/a Rib Eye) steak.  The Delmonico has a lot of fat (and therefore lots of flavor), and they offered to trim off the outer fat before it was given to me -- a nice touch.  At our option, the steak could be topped with some garlic butter. One of the fun things to do at Bern's is take the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  After our meal, our waiter led us into the entrance in the kitchen to wait for a "trainee" to give us the tour.  It is clearly a working kitchen, but you can see the quality put in to their work.  The wine collection is amazingly huge -- and they only keep about 15% of the total wine collection on premises.  I hardily recommend taking the tour if you have never been before.  After the tour, you are led up to the entrance to the dessert rooms upstairs.  My friend and I, sadly, did not go for dessert, but I know from previous trips
Bern's is the best place to go for fine dining in the Tampa Bay area. I cannot believe the wine selection. When you arrive, you are treated like you are the only guest in the restaurant. Your waiter is not jumping from table to table attempting to catch up the entire time. You have personalized service. The staff is so knowledgeable on all aspects of the restaurant from the food to the history of the family. After your meal, you can receive a complementary tour through the kitchen and wine cellar, which is definitely a must! The dessert room is phenomenal. The piano player takes requests and will play whatever you can think of at the time. The food and reputation of this establishment speaks for itself. It is pricey though. I almost always expect to pay $200 (including dinner, alcohol, dessert, after dinner coffee and tips) when settling in for a romantic dinner and dessert for two.
This is a must if you are in the Tampa area.  Make sure you have plenty of time.  We arrived at 8 pm and left at midnight.  We all ordered appetizers which is a mistake.  The meal comes with salad, soup, vegetable, and a baked potato.  Our appetizers consisted of Oysters Beignets, Escargot, Black Truffle Steak Tartare, and one other that I can't remember.  They were all wonderful and my favorite was the oysters.  We ordered Chateaubriand for the four of us. The steak was very good, but we were already so full.  We also consumed 2 bottles of red wine.  After dinner we took the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  You must do it once.  Then it was time for the dessert room.  We ordered Cappuccino Bern's Steak House and it was very good.  We had 3 desserts that were all fantastic:  Banana Cheese Pie, Macadamia Nut Sundae, and Dulce de Leche Liquid Center Cake.  My favorite was the banana cheese pie!  Of course we had to order some dessert wine, so we opted for the flight which was 1 ounce of four different wines for $45.  By this time it was midnight.  We had planned on going out after dinner, but we were all so full that we had to call it a night.
Note this review is only for the dessert room. I've been to the dessert room on several occasions for several people's birthdays including my own. It's a great way to end the night! On to the logistics, you have to valet it's $5 unless you find street parking. For the dessert room they don't take reservations. You just let them know and once EVERYONE in your party is there then you get seated. On busy days such as the weekend you may have a wait of 45 minutes because people having dinner there get first dibs on dessert room seating. While you wait I recommend for you to have the tour which is of course free! They give you a tour of their kitchen and also tell you about each section and how things are made. You are then escorted to this amazing wine cellar with someone that has extensive knowledge and willing to share it. I was told they carry about 156,000 bottles of wine and it's the largest wine cellar in the Country. There's a wine bottle that costs $30,000 maybe one day! Lol during your wine cellar your you can take pictures. After the tour you are escorted upstairs for the dessert room where you will most likely wait to be seated. The decoration of Berns in general is very beautiful, colorful and reminds me of old times with kings and queens. The decorations at the dessert room is very subtle and more romantic. When you enter the room you see separate booths but they are also covered on top so you feel like you're in your own private world. Dimly lit and would be a great date spot. Also each "room" has a music control station where you can pick from contemporary to jazz to even live music. There's a phone there you can pick up and request a song from the live pianist. The service is always great and fairly quick. No complaints here! They are also willing to split checks even if you have a large party. On to the desserts! I've been here so many times I would say I've tried almost every dessert! The menu is overwhelming because of the options. The menu is like a book but here's how to decipher it. The first page is liquids. Second and third page is all the desserts and coffees with alcohol  as well as the ice cream. The rest of the book is all about wine! They also have a small separate menu for wine and cheese platters. I have not tried the cheeses but those who have loved it. The wines are all great. As far as coffee I would recommend their famous Berns Steakhouse Cappuccino. Its their famous Cappuccino with alcohol. It's very strong but in a good way. All of their coffees come in decaf by the way. I've also tried the Chocolate mint coffee but I prefer the Cappuccino. You can't go wrong with the desserts you choose. They have options for everyone. If you love carrot cake get the King Midas. If you love sundaes make your own or get the macadamia nut sundae. If you love chocolate get the Chocolate Chocolate chocolate classic. I've had all three and I love them! Whatever you choose make sure that you get a scoop of their macadamia nut ice cream which is made in house and took many recipes to perfect. Enjoy! You don't have to eat at Berns to come here but next time I plan on having some steaks before my dessert!
Over-rated! Drove from Daytona last night 3 hours to eat at this steakhouse.  Did not even rate in our top 10 steakhouses.   Wife and I both got Delmonico and were not so impressed.  The taste was lacking due to total lack of seasoning.  When the steaks arrived they were NOT hot.  The end of my steak on my first bite was ice cold (as in refrigerator).  We both ordered medium rare and they were both rare. We ate them anyway but did not really enjoy our $150 dinner here.  We eat at the top steakhouses on a regular basis and this place is certainly one of the worst experiences we've had.  The food is on a par with Longhorn if that tells you anything.
Best Restaurant experience in Tampa that you will ever find bar none. I would recommended this place to anyone looking for a great dining experience, along with great food!
What can I say that hasn't been said already.  I have eaten at some amazing Steak Houses.  This is my new favorite it is truly and experience and a must for any Steak fan!!!
Sadly disappointed and ill with food poisoning.   My boyfriend took me to Bern's as a birthday surprise this week.  It was his first time to the restaurant and I was expecting our waiter to share the "Bern's story" since they pride themselves so much on their steaks and fresh produce from their farm. Needless to say, the waiter barely spoke to us.  Yes he was attentive but if Bern's would like their guests to be a part of the "Bern's experience" I would think their staff would reflect that by conversing with their guests.  I had a delicious filet and my boyfriend got the NY strip, will all the sides that come with it.  We went on Thursday, it is now Saturday and my boyfriend still has food poisoning from that night - the only difference in our meals was the salad dressing and the cuts of meat. His contaminated meal was obviously not the "Bern's experience" we were hoping for. I called Bern's on Friday to make them aware of this so that they do not infect anyone else and left a message with the front desk attendant who assured me a manager would get back to me.  Sadly I have not heard back from the restaurant - this just further disappoints me with Bern's. Being in the customer service industry myself, I would just expect more from a place like this. Just shows they do not care about making this right with their guests. For how ill my boyfriend has been, I do not think I will be returning anytime soon.
If you're at all interested in the Tampa food scene, you've likely read a review of Bern's Steak House. It's not news that if you want a truly spectacular dining experience, you head down to the South Tampa institution. And, if you know any of my food blogging friends, you probably have sufficient evidence that Bern's is the place to take someone you particularly enjoy, and don't mind spending a pretty shiny penny on. I decided that my parents liked my boyfriend and I that much, so during a recent visit, we made Bern's our home for the better part of the evening (to our lament, we can't actually live there...I asked). Entering the threshold, the stark white building takes on a completely different persona. The red lights conjure up slightly frightening images (or possibly exciting images, especially if you read Fifty Shades of Grey), but hey, if hell tastes this good, I might just have to break a few more rules. We were led to an ornate dining room, where amongst statues and paintings that would fit in perfectly on the set of a Jane Austen movie, we began our meal. The task is simple. Choose your cut, thickness, and temperature, and then they work their magic; that is, if the glass of wine from their record-breaking cellar isn't already putting its own little spell on you. While they cook your steak, drink down glorious spoonfuls of French onion soup, covered in melting Gruyere... ...and munch on delicious greens and tossed with their signature Dijon-Maple dressing. Prepare to be impressed with their bare bones, high-quality filets and sirloins, which can bring any man to his knees, and woman for that matter. I may not eat red meat often, but I know a good steak when I taste one, and this 8 oz. filet was no exception...for more info and drool worthy pictures, check on the write up on my blog!
In the 80's 5 star.  Now, 4 star.  Last evening for our 30th anniversary 3 star.  Been eating at Bern's since the 80's.  We had what we thought was another great meal, but my wife had a very bad reaction to the escargot. It was served in a pesto like sauce rather than in puff pastry like the menu stated and like she is accustomed to. Other than escargot we ate the same food.  She's now been sick for 30 hours.   No more escargot at Bern's for us.  I can't say the meal equated to the $300+ tab.
It was a superb experience. Food was cooked to perfection. Thousands of wine selections. All the money spent was worth it and will definitely recommend this place!
Everyone in Tampa raved about recommending Bern's Steak House, so in truth it could theoretically only disappoint. Being from a metropolitan city and navigating the urban areas, it's nice to see what each city has to offer. The decor of Bern's is unique.  Where Ocean Prime is a place young people converge for date nights, I feel Bern's is a place families come out to celebrate.  It's a bit more classical by design. The darker red aura, including the decor and carpet with the wood architecture of the famous "Desert Rooms"  is mood setting. The menu is something that is awe inspiring, by design it's very intimidating and a lot to read and digest.  The format is unique.   It's a steak house, so of course, I had the steak. I tried the $99 trio of the Japanese Waygu, with the Filet Mignon and the Delmonico (Rib Eye).  The Waygu was good, it's a variation of Kobe Beef so was very rich, with the expected oil texture which makes a 3 oz portion perfect.  The Filet Mignon was okay and was a 3 oz serving.  The Delmonico Rib Eye, was a 3 oz serving, but had some rough spots, in hindsight I think I should have (and could have) sent that back for re-work (get another piece - after I read their menu on how they had carve all of their meats to remove the muscle portions which I encountered).  They were prepared medium rare and were good overall. The entrees came with a soup (french onion), salad, as well as a side of shredded carrots and vegetables (string green beans), a baked potato and fried onion strings, which are a nice way to round off a meal where most steak houses serve everything a la carte and come with nothing. The service was good.  They prepare your baked potato, mix in your flxings (I had butter and bacon only) and fluff it up for you. The french onion soup was great.  I had it without the cheese on top, and it was basically just the broth, but it was tasty. The desert room is interesting.  You have your main dining, pay for that then go to the desert room for a separate bill and ordering process.  I'm not sure if strategically that's good or bad, since in one breath, the process is more planned than impulsive and it also allows lag time to continue getting full.  On the contrary 'tho, others say the lag time gives time to digest, get your second wind and regain an appetite.  Also on the contrary, a friend of mine said, by having it in a second session, by going to the desert room you almost feel obligated to have to order something, where if served as an option at the dining room table it's easier to decline. So, I'm not sure how the marketing of the desert room is truly optimized. I had the banana caramel ice cream out of sort of obligation (social) to eat something, and it was good.  The chocolate cake looked good too, so my recommendation is to save room for the desert room if you like sweet treats. If not for the hype I'd probably give this * * * * based on the service as well as the unique appeal, but because everyone raved about this place and I also went to Ocean Prime, comparatively and to expectations it's closer to * * * which is A-OKAY and good in my book, to the point where I'd recommend it to others and try it again.
Pretty sweet old school steakhouse.  Great cut of beef, and the macadamia nut ice cream....WOW!!!!
An upscale, intimate, experience-driven restaurant that is a Tampa institution for good reason. The staff/service is excellent, the ambiance is crazy (you get tours of the wine cellar and kitchen plus get to have dessert separately inside giant oak foaders). You can order your steak many different ways included blue (ultra rare) with or without crust, which is nice since they are aged and not chewy/gristly. Never had a bad experience here after 6-7 visits. Definitely a special occasion place. If you are into rare wines especially Port/Madeira, they have the Western Hemisphere's largest wine cellar, for real, and the prices on sample pours of some rare, old bottles are much cheaper than you would expect. So great if you are with wine connoisseurs as well.
I love this restaurant.  It is my all-time favorite.  It's not just a restaurant, it is an experience!!  Where else can you take a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar and sit and play music in a private booth in the dessert room upstairs?  I've never been to any place like it in 25 years and every time I get down to Florida I always try to plan a side trip to Bern's.  You should too. You will not be disappointed.
Food: 3   Price: 3  Service:5  Ambiance: 5 I had a high hope for their Del Monico everyone is talking about.  It turned out to be overrated.  The steak was rather bland and cold.  I guess they barely put any seasoning on purpose so that you can actually taste the meat?  But it desperately needs more flavor.   Their onion soup was good but not the best and the salad tasted like pretty much from a bag.   We had the wine cellar tour after our meal, which was fun and good for my tummy to get settled.  Then we hit the dessert room upstairs.  I know most people get full just by the meal but please do not skip the dessert room.  It is so worth checking out and suffocating yourself with all the food.  They put you in a phone booth where you don't hear chatting from other tables but you can listen to a live piano music, because there is a speaker in the booth.  Their ice cream is amazing.     The service was great throughout the night.  They don' get to be a server unless you work for two years as a trainee which was explained during the wine tour.  We spent about $150 for the meal and the dessert without any drinks including the tip.  I would have given a five star to this place, if the steak was good.  As a steak house with such a deep history behind it, it is fatal that their steak was a disappointment.
I'm not sure I can add anything to the usual accolades.  Bern's is a true dining experience and I am always happy to be there!
Food is an adventure here.  Stick to the basics, and don't get a thicker piece of meat.  You could be dining on steak tartare.  The wine list, however, could rescue the dining experience in hell.  Spectacular reach, spectacular service, and spectacular prices.  Anyone dining here without a bottle of wine on the table is missing the point.  Even with food that can hit or miss, the wine list makes this the best restaurant in Tampa, and one of the great values anywhere.  Don't miss the dessert room afterwards, and of course, the dessert wine list.
There are two restaurants in Tampa. Bern's and everybody else.  It tastes like finding your lost child in a steak.
For some reason I remember this place being better! Its fancy and the food is very very good! Yes its going to take 3 hours for dinner, yes bring your big wallet, & yes the service is great! Its not fallen off just not the amazing time I remember over 15 years ago!
Bern's is one of my favorite steakhouses in Tampa. For the amount and quality of food that is served, it is definitely worth the price and the adventure. The dessert room is also amazing and so happy they brought back the creme brulee :)
$120 for an overcooked too charred rib eye full of gristle. Took my wife here for our two year anniversary. What a terrible disappointment. The dessert room was absolutely wonderful and really fairly priced. My wife couldn't even cut through her steak because of all the tendon and ended up having to destroy the steak to cut through. After we left my wife and I both agreed that Ruth's Chris was hands down the superior steak. The experience was not as fancy or elaborate but what mattered was my $50 steak made berns steak look like a denny's t-bone and eggs
We absolutely loved this place.  Food was great, wine tour was great, and to top it off, we went upstairs to a desert room, and THAT was great as well.  What an awesome experience.  If you have the opportunity to go - GO!
What more can be said - had our wedding reception there 45 years ago.  It is still the same - wonderful.  Last night was a 50th class reunion and a few of the classmates from Plant High School enjoyed a special dinner there.  Our ever patient waiter was very helpful - wine sommelier was even more helpful.   This restaurant should be considered a "destination restaurant" by anyone who enjoys a fine dining experience.
This is an institution in Tampa Bay as well it should be for the wonderful food, the impeccable service, and the always pleasing dessert room! Do not pass this restaurant up if you're in the area!
One of the best experiences ever! I dined with my son and we had the full VIP treatment, which I think everyone gets here. We toured the wine cellar, the kitchen, had an awesome dinner and then headed upstairs for the dessert room.  We had a private area where the chef cooked the bananas foster tableside. We still talk about this restaurant.  A great memory!
Awesome!!! Favorite place. Great food, great service, great place
Berns allows for a very unique evening with not just a stellar meal but also an amazing experience which includes tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, and a night ending in their dessert room. Each dining room is ornate and classy. The restaurant used to be a series of adjoining shops, and now has 8 separate dining rooms which are have a slightly different vibe. The service is impeccable. For our main courses we had the steak as well as the yellowtail. It impresses me that they include so many sides with the entrées, which in my experience is not typical in steakhouses. They start with the French onion soup which is absolutely heavenly. Then the salad, which is alright. The steak comes with 2 vegetables, a baked potato and onion rings as well. Goodness, it is a ton of food. The onion rings are fine, thin, and crispy-- probably the best onion rings I've ever had. As per the steak, the fiancée is a bigger expert than me in that field, and this is one of his lifetime favorites. My yellowtail was perfect as well, and sat atop the creamiest bed of mashed potatoes. We then took the tour, which is an absolute must. Personally, I've never walked through an industrial kitchen (would ordinarily probably be kicked out if you did). They then bring you to the wine cellar, which is the largest adjoining wine collection to any restaurant. It's very impressive. I'm amused they were able to find my wine order in that monstrosity of a cellar. We then ended our night in the dessert room upstairs, which is comprised of 48 semi-private rooms-- I felt like I was in a little space shuttle. It has a romantic, speak-easy feel to it. There's buttons against the wall where you can choose what music to play. The menu is extensive. We tried an ice wine, as well as their cake sampler which was great. Overall amazing night!
Simply put, the best restaurant in Tampa.  All of the food is cooked to perfection, the ambience is ideal for any type of occasion, and the pomp and circumstance of the kitchen and wine cellar tours make this a dining experience unlike any other.  Whether a visitor or a resident, you have to eat here at least once. And you won't regret it.
The ONLY reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is simply for the fact that it took forever to be seated with a reservation. We had reservations at 7pm on a Tuesday. We arrived at 6:57p & were told it would be a few minutes. We were finally seated at 7:25p. Our waiter didn't show up to our table for another 10 mins. We were so upset by this that after 5 mins of waiting, my husband started his timer & if the waiter didn't show up we were leaving. We were so irritated by this point that I was on board. Thank goodness the waiter showed up 5 minutes later! I'm not sure what the hold up was, but I personally think waiting 10 minutes for your waiter to show up & ask for your drink order is entirely too long, especially for a place like Bern's. We placed our drink orders & crab cakes appetizer as soon as he came to our table. One thing I will say is that our drink orders were at our table in less than 5 mins! That was the first step in winning us back over! Our waiter, Chuck, was very friendly and helpful when it came to the menu & placing our order. He took our order after bringing the drinks, I mean we already had 10+ mins to review the menu, so we were ready. All entrees come with French Onion soup, a salad with choice of about 10 different dressings, a baked potato, onion straws, & 2 pre-chosen vegetables. Now that's a ton of food! Our crab cakes came out & while they weren't the biggest crab cakes, they were extremely delicious & full of crab meat. Out next was the french onion soup. Oh my goodness! I must say this is by far the most delicious soup I have ever eaten. The melted cheese on top is just amazing! After soup comes the salad, and I ordered the macadamia vanilla bean dressing. I know I've said it before, but again this was the best salad dressing I have ever eaten. It was so good that I wanted to see if they sold it by the bottle.  Up next was our main course. I had the 6oz Filet Mignon with the Oscar topping. I had a small piece of meat that didn't have any Oscar topping on it, & I tried that piece first, so I could get a taste of just the meat. It had the most amazing flavor. And after adding the Oscar topping, well it was definitely worth the 35 min fiasco we dealt with upon arriving. The onion strings were so incredibly delicious that I just could not stop eating them. And the baked potato was perfect as well. All in all a simply fabulous meal. But no, our dining experience did not stop there. We took the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Just a note, the wine cellar is freezing! It was very interesting & I'm glad we opted to do that. Up next was the dessert room. While we didn't get our own private booth, we were seated in the area facing the piano player, that was playing a variety of tunes. He was very good. Now the dessert menu is mind blowing. So many choices & they all sound absolutely delicious! We decided on the Macadamia nut sundae, since they make the macadamia nut ice cream in house, we simply had to try it. I was so stuffed after eating 1/3 of the sundae, but it was so good that I just kept on eating and practically finished the entire thing! All in all Bern's is definitely a must try. Now anytime we have visitors we are taking them to Bern's!
I have enjoyed their food and the service was good. I agree with all reviewers that they have wonderful steak. The historical significance and atmosphere here is wonderful. I just don't like that they mislead people into thinking they buy and grow produce locally when they don't. It's a shame that the son (who is the current owner) does not have the same vision and passion of his father. I guess it all comes down to profits, and you'll be quite a bit lighter in the wallet after dining here.
*REVIEW FOR DESSERT ROOM ONLY* This place is heaven if you love dessert like me. So many great options, it was hard to choose. Wish I could have tried them all! I got a chocolate mousse type of dessert, so good, and my friends split the lava cake sampler which I tried and it was great. The atmosphere is very cool, old fashioned and you get your own private, secluded booth, you feel like you're the only party dining there. Service was very nice and attentive. I can't wait to come back next time I'm in Tampa and try the restaurant too! Very unique experience
I do not recommend going for dinner.  The ambiance was that of a glorified cafeteria.  It was entirely too noisy and crowded.  However, the dessert room was fabulous!  We will surely return for the cozy nooks and delicious deserts and drinks.  The dessert room makes for a splendid romantic date!
A Tampa landmark owned and operated by the same family for more than forty years. Cited as one of the best steak houses in the country by a number of sources, it serves only U.S. Prime beef, aged for five to ten weeks in specially-built lockers with carefully controlled humidity and temperature. All beef dishes are priced by the cut, weight, and thickness, and include French onion Soup, salad, a baked potato, onion rings, and a medley of organic vegetables. At Bern's, the motto appears to be nothing succeeds like excess. Their wine list is two hundred twelve pages long, weighs eight pounds, and lists over 7,000 options. They offer two dozen different caviars. In the upstairs dessert room, a sixty-five page dessert menu is available along with a selection of 1,800 dessert wines and spirits. All of the vegetables and salad greens come from the family gardens. Recently opened next door is the cleverly-named Side Bern's, a wine bar-brasserie with a more casual menu. Open daily for dinner only; reservations are highly recommended.
Meh, is all I can say about the Steakhouse. Absolutely beautiful lobby, got stuffed into an incredibly small dining area which was overcrowded by people just getting belligerent. It was just the two of us for what was supposed to be a special occasion. Which got started by not even being able to sit across from my loved one due to a woman deciding that she can just straddle her husband...awesome. Very romantic to watch from 1 1/2 feet away...not really. Our waiter, Victor...who was clearly noticing it was just the two of us spent 4x the amount of time with a table of only 4 right behind us. Hurried us through the menu, that I already knew, inside and out but would have been nice to have some insight and guidance through a maze of a menu. I had the Chicken Bern, which was a glorified chicken nugget meal with burnt mushrooms over hard rice pilaf. Not impressed at all. The tour was a joke until head chef had approached me as to knowing who I was to personally show us the meat locker which was really a pleasure to see. But the tour itself was just a gimmick and a crowd pleaser. No passion. A hurrying, sweaty man who I actually felt bad for. They train them there so long, that I fear they lose there passion in the industry all together and are just scared to leave because theyve put so much time into training. He hurried every sentence to the point that you couldnt even understand him but merely watched his facial expressions. Utterly disappointed with this meal. Thank god the wine cellar & dessert were the complete opposite. I'd email them personally but there site is shut down. Sometimes with age, comes complacency...sorry Berns, Only the truth.
Boy am I glad I came here. It definitely lives up to the hype. Got lucky too since we got a waitor that my aunt knows. First off the decor is amazing. It's like nothing I've ever seen before. Classy, elegant, sophisticated, pretty much reminds you of a European castle. Definitely get a reservation!! It's rare that you can get a table without one. I personally ordered the Chateubriand, medium rare, with the shitake sauce. My parents got a bigger cut of the Delmonico, cooked medium, to share. The meat was delicious. The were juicy and cooked to perfection. They really take the time to cook the steaks right..(and for the price they'd better. lol). The side dishes were amazing too. The crispy fried onions are a must. That was really the top garnish for me. The grilled vegetables were just ok. The salad was decent. I got the Cabernet Sauvignon Vinaigrette. The soup was just ok. I'm not a big fan if French Onion Soup so that could be why. The garlic bread they serve with it though was a delicious touch. Almost got full eating that bread alone. So a full course meal (soup, salad, entree) for a decent price. Expertly prepared and service was top notch! Will definitely definiely definitely be coming here again. ALSO be sure to mention the free tour of the restaurant when u make a reservation. That was a nice touch to complete the dinner adventure!
First trip to Bern's was a good one. Could have been great (and worthy of a 5th star) without a few hiccups. Went with 2 other couples and we shared 3 apps, 3 bottles of wine, and a very big steak. Carpaccio was excellent as was the tuna tartar. I ordered the short rib ravioli and it was undercooked. Still delicious, I opted out of announcing this to the server. I can handle some undercooked pasta, even some al dente plus, but at a place like this, it should have been cooked properly. Truffle mac n cheese is worth the money. Throughout the night, I felt the server really needed an SA. Other steakhouses at this price point all have SAs, but we didn't get one. Not sure if Bern's doesn't have SAs, but they should. Our water glasses seemed to hang out empty for the majority of our dinner, and basic housekeeping of the table was lacking. Otherwise, the service was very good. Salad and soup was very good, and it's nice to not pay A la carte sometimes. One of the people in our group asked about their cheesy crackers. Server seemed happy to oblige our request and was going to bring them right out. We never saw them. Nitpicking here, but it's definitely a strike against them at a place of this caliber. Having the Sommelier at our table helping us decide on a few bottles of wine was fantastic. Gave him some flavor profiles, regions and price point and he offered some suggestions. Well worth the time we spent with him. Wine tour and kitchen tour were cool, but we went through kitchen kinda late so we couldn't see it firing on all cylinders. This place is an experience and should be treated as such the first time you go. Budget at least 3 hours if you want to tour and go upstairs for desert.
Great
We tried Bern's over the New Years during a vacation to Tampa.  After reading all the reviews, I was hopeful that it will turn out well for me and my lady.  For apps we did the tuna tartar, pretty good but how can you mess up a raw fish that much?!? For dinner, my lady and I ordered a nice chateaubriand for 2 and it was cooked very well.  I would not say it was the BEST steak I have ever had (Ruth Chris and its butter dipped steaks is still my fave) but this steak was definitely tasty.  The steak itself was juicy and very tender (likely due to the aging process).  So for steaks, I felt it was good but not great.  However, what sets Berns apart is the experience factor.  After the dinner, we took a tour of the kitchen and its wind cellar.  It was fun but I definitely felt like we were in the way.  Then and this is the best part, we walked up a staircase to get into the Harry Waugh Dessert Room, which is connected to Bern's.  That really opened my eyes.  The room itself was very dark and all the tables were in individual stalls.  My lady and I sat in a phone booth looking stall and had a wonderful time.  I cannot speak enough about the romantic ambience that was evident at the dessert room.  The dessert itself, however, was just ok.  To sum it up, I have had better steak but the dessert room is a must-stop if you visit Berns.
Went for anniversary, staff service was excellent.  It is a place that anyone who likes steak or wine, should visit as least once.  We took the kitchen tour, which shows exactly how much of a production it is.  The tour of the wine cellar was impressive, the steward had excellent knowledge.   Of course we had steaks for dinner, they give you some much food: soup, salad, baked potato, onion straws, & veggies.  Being my first time, I was unaware of how much food it was and ordered an appetizer.  The appetizer may have been my favorite part of the meal, it was a Black Truffle Beef Tenderloin tartar.  My wife likes her steak at least med well, but she had the tartar with me and enjoyed it as well.  We ended in the dessert room and had the Taste of Bern's, a dessert sampler.  The best part for me was the chocolate carrot cake.   A great experience, excellent service, worth the money!
Wow, holy cow. I am amazed on how overall everything was with this place. I went here with my family for my birthday. Portion sizes were plenty and we even had enough room to go to the "Desert Room" and the service was impeccable. I loved the wine tour between meals. I am a big meat guy and I had a big 14 Oz Delmonico and my family shared a Strip that served like 3. We also had each a different desert so we could share with each other. I had the chocolate peanut truffle, but I think my favorite had to be that macadamia nut sundae they serve. Definitely an upscale joint, have valet service. I will return one day, haha maybe even just for that sundae.
YUMMY
if there was a half star rating, i may have given berns a 3.5, but ill go four stars.  interesting place, good concept:  the art of steaks.  steak was no question very, very high quality, service was pretty good, even special at some points.  we did the kitchen tour and wine cellar tour.  walking thru the kitchen was awkward-  im sure the workers hate that kinda thing, and another thing:  its prob not the most sanitary thing to have people walkin thru.  wine cellar was pretty cool!  back to the steak-  was cooked the right way on the inside, but outside of steak should have had more heat when it arrived.  this was a sat nite-  so chances are it sat for a min before being served; normally this wouldnt nec warrant a complaint-  but this is highline priced place!  dessert room upstairs was cool, but the service was awful-  a bored teenage girl who went missing for several minutes while our dessert sat there on a tray waiting to be served.  wine pairings were pretty good, prices not too bad.  beware of some annoying patrons-  one woman was loud & onboxious, and im sure you can find some snooty aholes in there!  overall-  this was an experience, not just going out to some typical restaurant.  id say the place succeeded in providing that experience, but was far from perfect, and i have easily had better dining experiences, as well as a steak or two or three better than this.  one final comment-  i should have ordered the sirloin bc thats the cut i like, the veggies sucked compared to other highline steak places, and the onion strings were pretty good!  oh-- and the appetizer-  some kinda tuna thing-  wasnt anything great & was probably a rather ill-conceived dish.  i also had trio of soups-  just ho-hum.  my guess is that this place puts so much focus on steaks that they prob dont have nearly as much of a clue when it comes to other foods.  place is also kind of in the middle of nowhere.
Where do I begin? When we arrived it was busy, very busy. The moment we entered though everything was perfect. Reservations yes and boom off to our table we went. The decor though old school was surprisingly appropriate and fresh. The service here is impeccable.  Our waiter who of course was a trained professional was exceedingly helpful and impressingly knowledgeable.  He help pick out the exact wine I was looking to drink as well as navigate the menu precisely. Now be warned all entrees come with soup, salad, potato, and a selection of vegetables. Its alot if food. We started with oysters on the half shell, no other eay to discribe it other than perfect. The soup was french onion and since I was a fan I was very happy to report it was very tasty. The salad was a generous mix and blue cheese came on the side, YUM. The Special 14oz Chateaubriand steak I ordered was ridiculous. I have eaten steak all over the world and this cut was absolutely the best I have ever had. Sorry NYC, I love ya but Berns is the stand out winner. The baked potato is dressed by your waiter, never experienced that before but it to was perfect.  I like mine with butter, chives, and sour cream. The kitchen and wine tour were very interesting. Its amazing with being so busy that a restaurant can give you a tour if the kitchen and their cellar and still keep food going at a very reasonable pace. The kitchen trainees give a tour of the kitchen and a wine steward gives you the tour of their vast collection of wine. Both were so knowledgeable that clearly the professionalism is obvious. So the dessert room, yes their is a whole seperate part of the restaurant located upstairs just for dessert, spirits, and coffee. You get a booth all to yourself with control of your own selection of music, awesome. I ordered the Berns cappucino and banana cheesecake which I was told were both original menu items. Gosh the cake was so delicious and the coffee surprisingly spiked but very tasty too. The professionalism upstairs is just as it is downstairs. Our server was helpful, informed, and patient. Bern's is simply a must. You will never know what you've been missing until you dine here.
They have a wide selection of caviar, and an even better wine selection. I prefer to go with like minded friends and share apps at the bar. Then every body picks a bottle and we have them decanted, so we can each share and talk about the wine and how the flavors develop. I also adore how cheesy the decor is. It reminds me of mob movie!
I attended a conference in Tampa and joined a group of attendees to explore Tampa.  We ended up in Berns.  The outside seemed nothing, like a square building.  When you get in the building, its another world.  Each room has a name and decor after the city the owner has travelled to.  Like Tuscan room, the decor was like you were in Tuscany.  The best part was the desert room was upstairs and each barrel looking area is actually from the wine that they use.  They have about 2500 bottles of wine.  We got to tour the whole restaurant and wine 'library', to include vintage, classic bottles from all over the world. The steak, the food, the service was excellent.  If you are ever in Tampa and want to have a unique  dining  experience, go to Berns.  I highly recommend it.
People keep telling us Bern's is not as good as it used to be...too much fusty decor...too touristy.  Whatever.  Bern's is great.  There is nothing better in Tampa for an amazing meal and experience. We've been to many great dinners there since the early 90s when we first lived here, and while living in 3 different cities including NYC for 10 years between 2000 and 2010, we never found anything like it that we enjoyed more.  Every out of town guest we've treated to a night at Bern's with us has had nothing but amazing things to say.  For a special occasion, it can't be beat.  The food is delicious....best steak I've ever had...perfectly cooked.  White truffle mac and cheese, creamed spinach, it's all delicious.  The wine list is overwhelming, but so much fun to choose from such a selection.  Everyone from the hostesses to waitstaff to kitchen staff are among the most professional and educated about the restaurant's food and wine that you will ever encounter.  And we haven't even mentioned the dessert room....your own private booth....so many amazing choices....making song requests of the piano player....dessert cocktails and coffee....it all makes for a perfect night.
This place is pretty indescribable. It's something you just have to experience for yourself.  From the champagne room, the dessert room, kitchen tour, wine cellar tour, to ordering your steak by thickness and cut. The food is really good and it's almost too much of a good thing. If you order an entree you get cheese crackers, french onion soup (really good!), salad, then your entree with a fully loaded baked potato, onion rings and 2 of their seasonal veggies. And then you can move onto dessert in their special dessert floor where you can reserve your own mini dessert room or booth. They have a live piano player up there. The decor in this place is pretty strange! I have no words for it. It's truly a restaurant experience you will never forget.
The steak was cooked to perfection. You also get a ton of food for the price of your meal! Definitely worth the cost! The wine tour was also really fun and interesting to experience. So much wine! Our server Chuck was also a wonderful part of their staff, provided excellent service, and was a great tour guide. My boyfriend and I would have loved to have gone upstairs for the dessert room, but we were finishing dinner at 11 pm and were already full from all the food. I have nothing bad to say about this place and cannot wait to come back to Tampa for vacation to come again and get to experience the dessert room as well.
On my last day in Tampa, I wanted steak.  I did something I actually virtually never do: I consulted Yelp (listen, I've read a lot of reviews, and I know what kind of "wisdom" to expect from the average Yelper).  Yelp recommended Bern's, and I went. I didn't have, or try to make, any reservations, as I planned to sit at the bar.  I was alone, and eating at a steakhouse bar seemed like a pretty good chance for socializing.  Started with a martini.  The bartender (Wes) shook up my martini, poured it, presented it, and then asked me if I wanted any vermouth in it.  Well, yes, I did.  A martini has vermouth in it.  That's what separates "Ketel One martini, up, olives," from "Ketel One, up."  See the difference between those two statements?  But Bern's is scarcely the only place that likes to serve you four shots of vodka instead of a martini, so I didn't hold it against him.  When Wes returned to give me my vermouth, he was carrying an eye dropper.  And nothing else.  He asked: "How many drops of vermouth do you want?"  I said let's be crazy and do the whole thing.  Martini was decent, if dry as the Gobi. Next up: house-made black truffled potato chips.  I'm not saying I would punch my own mother square in the face to get more of these chips, but I am relieved no one has offered me such a stark choice. Next up: a 17 oz. porterhouse.  It was actually the smallest porterhouse they serve.  The steak was excellent (again: take it from a cowboy).  The house salad that came with it was okay, not great.  It would have come with French onion soup, but I hate French onion soup.  It would have been nice if I'd have been able to swap that out for maybe some lobster bisque or, hell, anything else, but no such luck.  Okay, not awesome, but not all that unusual. But prior to the arrival of the steak was a more critical moment in the night.  I looked at their wine by the glass menu (which was really really good) and had settled on a Hall cab sauv at $13 a glass.  The bartender gave me the wines by the bottle list (really, a book) just as an aw-shucks deal---check it out, see what you think.  Bern's wine selection would put most of the restaurants in the Bay Area to shame.  Their on-premises cellar has 100,000 bottles of wine.  In total, they have 1,000,000.  I'm not kidding (at least, that's what I was told; I haven't done an inventory).  Pricing on the wines is so exceptionally cheap that you think the prices are mistakes.  Don't believe me?  I ended up buying a bottle of Louis Martini zinfandel, vintage 1975 (a very good year), for $42.  Really.  I had three glasses, I gave the bartender a splash, and I shared the rest with the people sitting at the bar with me. Again: a 1975 wine from a major California vintner, $42.  It was fantastic.  If only I hadn't been flying (and carrying on my luggage, which was already full), I'd have taken the empty bottle home as a memento. The bar staff treated me wonderfully, took excellent care of me, and delivered into my waiting gullet excellent libations and premium quality steak.  It wasn't cheap, but premium steakhouses aren't.  With appetizers, wine, steak, and tip, I'd figure most checks average $100/person.  If you come here, don't complain about the price.  There are probably some McDonald's around whose Value Menus may be more your speed. Like our former governor said: I'll be back.
I think this is the best Steakhouse experience I have ever had. There may be others as good or better, but I haven't tried them. I first heard about Bern's in the early 80"s, they were probably the top place in Tampa at the time. I had the good fortune in those days of an expense account, and got to dine here regularly in the close to bordello like environment. . I have remained a happy loyal customer since then.  I love the steaks, the way they prepare them, the pricing by the ounce, and the ability for 2 or 3 people to split a larger steak. The Caesar salad is awesome, and will be one of the best you have had. All the side items are awesome as well. The wine list is legendary. The servers are all top professionals and take great care of the diners.I have had many people comment about Bern's when I mention Tampa. It is probably the second most famous business in town. The addition of the Desert room made an great place better, giving you a second area to move to for Deserts and after dinner drinks.
5 stars for one of the best steaks I've ever had.  I hear the steaks taste best when ordered in a larger size so a girlfriend and I split an 18 oz. It was reeeeally great. All the sides were excellent - the mac n cheese and mushrooms were fantastic.  The wait staff seemed to be rushing as we were probably the last of the diners on a very busy Wednesday night last week. There is a separate floor for dessert with an excellent piano man waiting to take requests.  Great Balls of Fire it was - he did it well! =))  Apple pie, ice creams, BANANA CREAM PIE....it was allll delicious.  I'll return!
Best steakhouse in Florida and possibly the best steakhouse in the United States. Great food, great atmosphere, great service all in all, the best restaurant I have ever been to in my life!
I take all of my out of town guests to Berns and it is always a hit! It's a different experience than the normal steak house and service is almost always exceptional. Try to call at least a week in advance for reservations and always go to the dessert room, that is what everyone enjoys the most!
Amazing service and all around dining experience.  They understand how to make an evening or occasion special and unique.  The wine selection is fantastic.  Servers are all knowledgeable and friendly. Don't skip the dessert room!
One of Tampa's finest restaurants!  I would have rated them 4.5 given the debacle over their claims of 'organic...straight from our farm', as highlighted in the Tampa Bay Times (tampabay.com/features/fo…).  Almost always a great dining experience with amazing food and highly attentive staff. It'll cost ~$150 for a couple, or you can go cheaper and eat at the bar - not a bad option.
When we travel from Dallas to Florida, we fly into Tampa just to stop by Bern's.  Even though the steaks are best we've had, if you haven't had the Bananas Foster...then add it to your bucket list!
Just came back north from spending two days with the WORK wine group.  We dinned in the private Presidential Dining Room.  Eric Renaud, the Senior Sommelier made us feel right at home and his outstanding wine selections were a hit with all of us.  The 2" thick Porterhouse was fantastic along with the rest of the meal.  We will be back soon!
This is one of the nicest steakhouses I've been to throughout the entire US. The service was impeccable with the waiter really helping us pick out the right wines to pair. My family was celebrating my parent's 40th wedding anniversary and it was the perfect place for it. Most of us got the Filet Mignon cooked perfectly. There were so many sides (all great) that I was stuffed by the end of the long meal. But our night was not over yet! There is a great section of the restaurant devoted to desert. It's dark, wood paneled, and has the perfect atmosphere. I'm a desert fan and this was one of the best collection of deserts I have seen. Not a cheap meal, but for big celebrations (or if you happen to be loaded), I would definitely recommend Bern's Steak House.
Celebrating an early  St. Valentine's Day with my lovely bride. Bern's always delivers. Patrick, our waiter and a 20 year veteran of Bern's, was superb. A true professional.
LOVE Berns! The food is incredible and you won't find better service anywhere in Tampa. This is our go-to restaurant when we are in the mood for steak.
Holy cow what an experience. We went for our anniversary and we were seated right at our scheduled reservation time. Not only was the service excellent but the steaks were the best we have ever had. Our waiter not only knew about the extensive wine list and helped us pick the perfect bottle, but he made us feel like we were the only people in the dining room. If you have room get the mac and cheese. It's worth any price they put on it. The tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar is a must. I have never seen so much wine in one place. Plus it also lets you walk off the steak before the dessert room. And yes you have to go to the dessert room. Even if only for coffee, it's a completely different atmosphere. You almost feel as if you're in a different restaurant. All in all if you're wondering if it's worth the price tag it definitely is but you can have a very nice meal for under $100 depending on what you order. I will be back again....and again.....and again
Amazing dining experience. The appearance outside is nothing special and if you weren't looking for Bern's you most likely would not even notice it, however inside it is very nicely designed. The bar/lounge area to the right when you walk in is great, a good place to come in alone or with a few friends and get some nice food and bottle of wine to share. On a more important occasion a dinner experience here is outstanding, the steaks are scrumptious. The tour of the kitchen and especially the wine cellar is a must.  They have 100,000 bottles on hand every night. After dinner they dessert room upstairs is very nicely lit and privatized for a nice gathering (you can even just come here for the dessert room).  The coffee here is made by a really old machine (They say how old it is on the tour and show you but I can't remember how old, over 100 years I believe. Overall it's a very nice, not to mention expensive, escapade but a must at some point if you live in Tampa or visiting.
These are some of my favorites from Bern's I would highly recommend to anyone for their meal: - Servers: Spencer or James (both top notch) - Starters:     Grilled Shrimp (I ask for them fried sometimes),     Caviar: you dont need to order Ossetra, its all amazing and starts at $25.     Oysters: Daily changes and wide selection of top notch.     Lobster Bisque: There is none better in the WORLD imo     Table Caeser: Made from scratch at the table - Entrees:     Any meat is going to be very high end, but really everything here is good period.     Sauces: Soy Armagnac is crazy good, no lie I dreamt I did once.     Sides: Opt for the Okinawan sweet potato for something different. - Dessert: King Midas which is carrot cake topped with macadamia nut ice cream & fudge. Coffee Bern's is pretty amazing with anything also.
What an amazing place. We love going here. Even the veg items are amazing. It could get a bit expensive if you go all out, but if you order just one entrée for two people, it's usually very filling. Also you don't have to get the $100 wine bottle, I've had $20 to $30 wine bottles there, and they were really good wine.  The desert room is a good experience especially for the first times.
Lauded, praised, extoled, glorified, Bern's has become the deity of dining experiences.  Every time I mention a visit to Tampa, I'm often asked, "Have you tried Bern's?"  No joke, this has happened at least 6 times.  Now typically I'm the type who tends to find most steakhouses are identical copies of each other, often competant and guaranteed a well cooked hunk of meat, but usually indiscernable from each other with the small variance in their exhoribatant price tag or wine list.  Good, but rarely great, and frequently less enthralling for me than an innovative gastro-fusion restaurant that really pushes the boundaries of culinary dining.  So it definitely took some coaxed before I finally was willing to try "the steakhouse that will change your mind." I have to admit, I have never been more wrong... Bern's is the Disneyland of steakhouse, unparalleled in its decadence.  From start to finish, the entire meal is a masterful presentation, culminating in a superlative overall experience. The main parlor looks like it stepped straight out of the Haunted Mansion, complete with gilded paintings, a curving staircase, and velvet thrones for patrons to wait in.  After waiting, even with a reservation, for a couple of minutes, they lead diners through the facility, to their personal table, which is likely in a unique room.   Wine can be chosen by the glass, or the bottle, and the"book" of options definitely will make even the snobbiest of wine enthusiasts salviate.  The beer menu is better than average, but definitely could use some work, and Bern's also has cocktails for those cravig a classic libation like a Blood and Sand.  Entrees come with a soup and salad, and in addition to the reknowned steaks, they do offer seafood, poultry, and vegetarian options.  The french onion soup so often revered I found to be quite average, and I instead fonud myself drawn to the salad.  Perhaps it was the vanilla macadamia dressing, but I also really appreciated the array of fresh items from avocado slices to shreded carrots, and of course the moutnian of freshly grated cheese didn't hurt either.   Personally, I opted to forgo the steak tradition to try a lamb risotto with lamb sausage special.  I swear one day I will get to the steaks, but I am a sucker for risotto.  It turned out to be a magnificient choice, indulgent shreded meat and slices of sausage atop a lucious, and al dente risotto, with some orange zest and sweet onions to enhace the flavor of the lamb.  It also paired quite well the the 2010 Hess Select Pinot Noir, which had notes of red berries and caramel.  Together it quelled some of the spiciness of the entrée, and managed to absorob some flavors from the dish as well in a perfect harmony. After completing the main room dining expereince and closing out my bill, I was given a tour of the kitchens and wine cellar (claimed to be the largest restaurant wine cellar in the Universe).  I was flummoxed about how much work their empire takes.  From owning metal work facilities to create their countertops, to the over 100 years old coffee bean roaster that they still use, to the fresh sprouts their grow in their kitchens to top each salad...they run like a well-oiled machine.  Just watching the meat cutter work or the staff pirouette around each other becomes like watching a fine ballet performace.   Finally I made my way up the stairs to the dessert room, where I was given a private booth near the piano player.   After quite a bit of indecision, I went with the sampler, so that I could try a small bite of several of their famous dishes.  Truthfully this was probably the biggest letdown of the evening for me, as I didn't really think anything was particularly remarkable, with the exception of their macadamia icecream.   It was the singular saving grace with a creamy mouthfeel and some toasted nuts for texture.  Glad that I tried it, but not sure I'd save room for dessert next time.  They were all perfectly well executed, but they lacked a bit of creativity I had been hoping for, and the bit of vanilla cheesecake was just plain bland. Overall, with the exception of my dessert disappointment, I would consider this one of the best steakhouse experiences I have ever encountered.  Their meticulous attention to detail, the spectacular services, and the overall quality of their food just can't be beat.  So mark a couple of hours off on the appointment book, make a reservation, and come indulge in an absolutely decadent Bern's expereince.  It really is as good as everyone says.
Opulent and worth it! Don't skip the dessert room
Oh, you better believe it!  I don't even like giving five stars... and I wish there was a sixth star to give Bern's. For a couple of out-of-towners merely looking for a good dinner, I was blown away.  "What good places could there be to eat in Tampa?", I thought.  Food snobs, jaded by San Francisco's glittery posh restaurants and all it has to offer with it's "American (new)" cuisine that revolves around foams and gastriques and artsy plating and blah blah blah....  sometimes all you really want is a good old-fashioned steak, and Bern's exceeds expectations you didn't even realize existed. As far as what sets Bern's apart from the rest of the swanky steakhouses, I cannot sum it up better than their opening line-- "We learned early if you want to be the best at something, you can't worry about the cost or the trouble."  Bern's has followed this philosophy to a tee, plainly evident in all the details that have bolstered it's success.  I find not only the various components of the dining experience impressive, but also how comprehensive they are.  Whereas one restaurant may have excellent service but subpar food, or vice versa, Bern's is not lacking in any area.  From the grandiose burlesque lobby to the dark semi-gothic bar to the insanely good French onion soup to the homemade EVERYTHING to the impeccable waitstaff to the wine cellar and kitchens to the classic French preparations (think Bernaise, Vichyssoise, Foie Gras Torchon, etc) to the incredible slabs of red meat from their own farm and aged to ideal to the private wine cask dessert booths to the Macadamia Nut Sundae to leaving the restaurant with want for nothing... Anthology style wine list, 63rd Edition??  Who does that?  Bern's. Wines from the early 1900's available by the glass??  Who does that?  Bern's. 51 different cuts/weights of steaks on the menu?? (I'm sure there's more available) Who does that?  Bern's. Mandatory one-year wait staff training?  Who does that?? Bern's.   I could go on. So you see, folks, when people say it's an "experience", it is not an understatement in any capacity.  I would say this is the steakhouse version of a full body swedish-massage.  It honestly makes any other steakhouse you have ever been to pale in comparison.  Come see for yourself.   Wear something nice, bring some money and your appetite, and prepare to have your mind blown. (Disclaimer: you can't be vegetarian or on a diet.  If that's the case, go 'way.  Eat a carrot instead)
Really 3.5 stars, but I rounded up since previous dessert experiences have been better - and this is JUST a review for the Dessert Room (too bad there is not a separate listing for that, since I know people go just to that). We ate at SideBern's beforehand, so they called ahead for us and reserved us a booth in the dessert room.  Once at Bern's, you wind your way through the massive foyer & hallway, then up the back stairs.  Pleasantly greeted by the host staff up there, they led us right away to our personal booth. The booths are so cool-four people could fit very comfortably into the one we had.  They have a tiny jukebox that puts out good sound, and gives you your choice of different types of music.  We chose jazz, and that made a lovely backdrop.  The server was very prompt, and friendly, and knowledgeable - plus we loved that she knew how to work an assortment of smart phones since we wanted a bunch of pictures. To start with, I had the Minted Chocolate Coffee:  Coffee, mint and chocolate liqueurs, topped with whipped cream and shaved chocolate.  Not too many ingredients - yet they forgot the shaved chocolate?  Very small glass, too.  But - very delicious. Milk is not my friend, so that definitely limited my options for dessert.  I ended up going with The Roasted Pineapple:  warm pineapple upside down cake, roasted pineapple ice cream (which I substituted a nice, white peach sorbet) and rum sauce. Unfortunately, the whole dessert sounded WAY better than it actually was. 1) Not warm 2) Where's the rum in the rum sauce? 3)  If they had actually cooked the cake a bit longer so that the sugar in the pineapple caramelized on the cake, it could have been 100% better.  As it was - it was just 'okay', but certainly not memorable. The phrase "resting on their laurels" came to mind when we left - everything was 'fine', but for a restaurant with Bern's reputation, I expected better.
I take away one star for their horrible online reservation system. You don't spare the expense on everything at the restaurant, why would you have an amateur hour online system when OpenTable would make my life so much easier?  Once there, you can wait a while past your reservation too. We didn't get a table until about 30 minutes past our reservation time. Other than that, Berns is a 5 star restaurant, on par with Arnauds in New Orleans and any of the best big restaurants in New York, Chicago, or Los Angeles. I want to reassure you of this, because you will roll up to a building that looks old with a sign that looks older and could easily pass for a third-rate Greek wedding banquet hall. Do not be deterred by its pedestrian exterior. They have a wine cellar so big that they have a nearby warehouse to cache it all. 200+ wines by the glass, and wines so old that they go for $30K or more. The food is amazing, no matter wether you get a steak or just come for the dessert room upstairs.  The dessert area has little booths with audio selectors for whatever kind of music suits you. The dessert menu is pages long, and accompanied by after dinner spirits that can range into the hundreds of dollars if you so choose. That, and they make a wicked espresso. The decor is Haunted Mansion meets Steakhouse, but that is all part of Berns' quirky charm.  They say that they're building a hotel across the street which may be the first hotel in history to be on a Weight Watchers' hit list.  You will not be eating "spa" at any place that has Berns name on the front door.  It's food for carnivores, to be sure. Take a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar. It's a trip!
First time I was here I thought the place was elegant but severely gaudy -- much like something you'd see in a home of a redneck who recently won the lottery, except without all the NASCAR stuff and Dale Ernhardt shrines. The server was okay, but not very inviting. My steak was pretty good and they got an A- on my veggie scale. The dessert room is a neat concept, but a nightmare for a claustrophobic. The second time I was here, the food was actually quite depressing, the place was filled with fauxhawks, Ugg boots, saggy silicone and an absolute nightmare for an epileptic. Camera flashes going off every few seconds - both in the lobby and every dining area. And with how the place is lit, it is annoying and really distracting from being able to enjoy your mediocre $250 meal. Come on, folks, at least act like you've been here before! There's no need to take a photo of your duckface with a bite of your filet to your Instagram or Facespace every few seconds. Try enjoying your meal rather than feeling the need to share your evening with everyone on your Farmville friends list -- and let others enjoy their meals and evenings as well. The place really needs to be remodeled and/or updated.  Looks like Scarface and Donald Trump had a love child and it barfed all up in there. I've had a better meal at Bonefish.
I've been lucky enough to go back to Bern's, and it continues to impress. I've been over the food, so just additional raves about service and atmosphere - Such as the ability to seat a 12 person party on short notice, ensuring that even though we were two tables of 6 we would be next to each other in the same dining room, and then promising after apologizing for the dinner seating that they would seat us in a single party in the dessert room. I made a rezzer for 12...about 2 days ahead of time...at a very popular high end restaurant. I'm blown away that it worked it all, and Bern's was simply awesome about accommodating us. They also were out of the luxe beef tasting, which I recommended to others based on my last visit. This was...actually a good thing, as they subbed a ridiculous 75 day dry aged bone in rib-eye at no extra cost. Ahh...excuse me...can I change my order to that thing you are currently out of? Way to make me excited that you were out of what I actually wanted! Of note, the service continues to be friendly and down to earth. No snootiness, even recommending we *skip* sides with our steaks unless we really wanted something because of all the items that came along with every steak. And finally, the dessert room. New since my last visit is a phone system connecting you to the piano player - who was able to instantly bust out the Super Mario Brothers theme song when I requested it. No "I think I can play that" or "I'll try", just a confident "You got it" and the familiar strains of the theme playing before I could even get the phone hung up. Like he had been waiting his whole life for this moment. Spectacular. Man...when can I make it back?
First time - I hated it!  I was overwhelmed by the Early Whorehouse decorations, the wait was long, the table was tiny, and then we got bum-rushed by the waiter.  Since then, visitors who had heard of Bern's wanted to go, and I couldn't talk them out of it.  And I'm glad, because the first experience was an anomaly, and we had a great time.  Steaks are great meat prepared to order with few frills, sides complement well, and, if you miss the desert room upstairs, you'll miss a lot.  We've been back and had similar, good experiences.
Bern's Steakhouse is the best steakhouse in the world.  End of Review..... Ok I'll explain a little more....I'm not sure how many times I've eaten at Bern's.  I'm guessing that it's close to 30 times over 25 years.  Their steaks are dry aged 5 to 8 weeks, which is way longer than any dry aged steak I've ever had.  Most steakhouses never age them longer than 4 weeks and most steakhouses are wet aged in a vacuumed sealed bag.  To dry age a steak, the beef must be hung in a refrigerated cooler and left uncut.  This is a very expensive way to age the beef, but way superior to wet aging.  The flavor of the meat is unmatched.  Because of this flavor the only seasoning that Bern's really needs is garlic butter brushed on. Bern's motto of "We do things differently here" is right on the money.  Your steak is not cut until you order it.  This means you can order almost any size steak in any cut.  For instance they have 17 different size NY strips (from 8oz to 60 oz) available on the menu.  That's just the NY strip.  There are 34 other size options offered in different cuts (Filet Mignon, Chateaubriand, Delmonico, Porterhouse, and T-Bone).  Try getting those options anywhere else.  It doesn't exist.  My favorite cut is the 25oz Porterhouse.  On all their Porterhouse steaks they replace the tail section bone part with a piece of Filet Mignon equal to the weight of the bone.  On the 25 oz. Porterhouse, it's about a 4oz filet.  Not exactly small. But it isn't just the steaks where they go above and beyond.  You like caviar?  They have 21 different kinds from 4 different countries.  4 different ways they prepare their steak tartare.  The original Steak Tartare Bern is the best I've ever had.  Their French Onion soup uses Veal Bones for the Stock and is topped with 5 kinds of cheese.  It's amazing.  The Lobster Bisque soup is the best I've ever had with a rich dark flavor (burnt butter is added I think)  Their vegetables are all organically grown on their own farm, and salads are offered with a choice of 10 different home made dressings.  Baked potatoes are cooked perfectly and prepared tableside by your waiter with lots of butter, sour cream, and chives.  The Lobster is removed from the shell, claws and all and served in a dish of sizzling butter.  The Charcoal grilled shrimp are huge and there must be like 30 of them on that plate served in spicy herb butter.  I've also tried the Chicken Bern, which is rolled in sesame seeds and sautéed.  It is very tasty.  The lump crab cake is good, but not the best I've ever had. The wine list, can't be described.  It's the largest in the world.  They carry about 700,000 to 1 million bottles of wine on hand.  Prices are very reasonable, at least 30% less than the same bottle in most restaurants.  In fact for price, Bern's can't be matched.  Most restaurants of its caliber are a la carte.  Not Berns, for your price of your steak, you get soup, salad, and vegetables. After your dinner, you will be given a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  Then it's up to your own private dessert room made from wine casks.  A 4-page menu of very good deserts with another 1800 dessert wines, ports, and cordials to choose from.  Berns is a dining experience like no other.  I hope you all enjoy it as much as I have over the years.  I just wish Yelp offerd a 6 star rating, because Bern's is in a class all of it's own.
Berns is a experience with one of the best atmospheres, most excellent service and a steak menu that exceeds the best I have experienced in NYC and Atlanta! Our friends enjoyed their first Chateau Briand and discovered quickly what a first class steak house can do to upgrade a filet! The onion rings were commendable and the Mushrooms Brian were delectably unique. Definitely try the Carrot Frites for a light yet unique appetizer even though it is sold as a side. Meals at Berns include a unrivaled French Onion Soup, crisp and fresh salad with all house made dressings and a fabulous loaded baked potato! They give more value for your money than any five star steakhouse. If time permits ask for the kitchen tour - this scratch kitchen is a miraculous well oiled machine. Definitely see the wine cellar and inquire about its history. The dessert room is another experience in itself and offers quaint, romantic and a intimate setting that made the already delicious desserts even more remarkable. The Berns coffee was the perfect ending to a great evening!
Bern's provides the best eating experience in Tampa. I go with a small group a few times a year and it is the only thing we do that night. We usually have a reservation made between 7 and 8 pm on a Friday or Saturday and we don't walk out until after midnight. I always go with the Del Monico because since I had that the first time, I have never wanted to order anything else. As far as appetizers go, the steak tartar is the best I've had, and the maple dijon salad dressing is amazing. I recommend making the reservation weeks in advance so you have one less thing to worry about, come early and sit in the bar area, and let your waiter know you want a reservation for the dessert room. Once you've had one of the best steaks of your life, ask to take the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar before you make your way to the dessert room. You cannot go wrong with anything on the dessert menu and the coffee beats any place you probably go to. Bern's farms and produces their own food and this extends into the desserts as they roast their own coffee beans. Be prepared to be there for a few hours and to pass out soon after that. For those that are in town briefly that have not had time to make reservations, come anyway and wait for a seat to open at the bar, where you can order food. Also, study up a bit on wine if you plan ordering something new because the wine list is dizzying in its length. One last tip, the attire has relaxed a bit over the years. A jacket is not a requirement, although many choose to wear one, and a nice pair of jeans with a long sleeve button up shirt will usually do the trick, but dressing up for a night at Bern's is part of the fun, so don't be afraid to wear a suit.
Dessert Room review.  Went to Copperfish for dinner and walked over for dessert with friends.  We each got the "Bern's Cappuccino" which is made with coffee beans soaked in kaluha and topped with whipped cream.  A dessert in itself.  Bananas Foster, Macadamia Nut "world's best" sundae and some peanut butter and chocolate decadent dessert.  All in all, the desserts and coffee were amazing.  The cool thing is that you eat in wine barrel rooms, very unique. That's what makes Bern's so cool.  It's a must visit in Tampa.
Dinner July 2  Going to do something different this review. With so many reviews of Bern's and so many 5* ratings, I felt obliged to breakdown why I could not give them that 5th star.   Service - 5* (classy, knowledgeable and very professional) Decor - 3* (very dated - but the carpet was immaculate) Table/Seating - 3* (way too open, not very private or romantic, felt i was in a cafeteria) Appetizer - 3* (Scallops, cooked perfectly, but the presentation was very plain & bare) Menu - 2* (why?  the edges were dog eared, folded and it looked 10+ years old) Order Option - 5* (great description on steaks and how to order, etc) Entree Value - 5* (listen folks, if you think this is pricey - I think it just shows you really don't eat out much a fine steak houses -- I got a $42 Delmonico.  Which is what it costs at most finer steak houses.  BUT at Bern's this INCLUDES French Onion Soup, Salad , Baked Potato & Vegetable side?  Seriously!  its NOT "a la carte" like at 99% of Fine Dining restaurants.  Do your self a favor, break that down on a by cost basis per side and you will see this is a HUGE VALUE. Food Quality - 5* (made to order, fresh and mostly home grown, hard to beat that) Steak Taste - 5* (a top 3 steak for me) Baked Potato Taste - 4* (made fresh table side, but it was a bit small) French Onion Soup Taste - 4* (made to order) Vegetables Taste - 3* (carrots were diced and so small the flavor cooked out) Plate Ware - 1* (Thought serving Salad and potato & soup in METAL ware seemed so 1950's or cafeteria or school or prison like, it just wasn't what I expected from a fine dining establishment) Kitchen Tour - 5* (YOU MUST DO THIS - incredible!) Wine Tour - 5* (Great experience and I am not a big wine person!) Dessert Room - 3* (way too complicated to order and too regimented, would rather order my dessert at dinner and walk up there and have it waiting -- took way too long) Dessert Taste - 5* (Homemade ice cream and whipped cream was to die for!)  Overall I think everyone should eat here at least once, it's an incredible experience and is a throwback to a bygone era of dinning,  But I do think at some point they are going to start getting away from some of the older things, embrace some newness and keep the old that is meaningful/historic.  I love history and respect tradition more than most, but I do think there is a big difference between meaningful tradition and doing something/keeping something just because it has always been that way.
Sorry, can't rave.  Fabulous food, nice atmosphere, professional service, and a great wine list get them to 4 stars, but I just can't afford to eat here unless someone else is picking up the tab.  If someone offers you a meal here, jump at the chance, but know that the meal that everyone who's reviewing this place is raving about will set you (YOU, YOUR meal, not you and your date's meal, but YOU) back a C-note (and that's if you stiff the waiter.)  I know it's crazy to be so negative in a 4-star review, but people with more money than brains are who are ruining this country, and I can't help but think that Bern's and other restaurants like them are havens for such folk.
Just go!
Amazing! Went for our anniversary and we will go back for sure!!!
Ahh.. the legendary Bern's steakhouse.   This place is always at the top of many best steakhouse lists so I had to say I at least tried it when I was in the Tampa area. I ordered the 14 oz. Domenico 'Ribeye' steak. Overall, my meal was good, but I was expecting more from the steak.   Yes, it had good flavor, but was not mind blowing.  Also, the steak had some slight burnt areas which distorted the flavors.   The sides that came with the steak were good, but nothing special.   My salad tasted a little wilted, but that seemed typical in the Tampa area, not sure if its a produce/humidity issue. I thought the prices were reasonable given that the steaks come with sides.   I loved the house roasted coffee and dessert room.   The interior of the restaurant is a little worn, I think it would benefit from being refreshed a little to match their 'high end' reputation.   I think people come to Bern's for the overall experience and its famous reputation.
The good is very good here but be ready for at least a three hour dinner with the wine cellar and kitchen store the long meal and the desert room you will be begging for more it is good for an anniversary or even if an out of town friend comes
Well, there simply is no other place like Bern's. With the greatest wine list on the planet, it's a draw for wine enthusiasts all over the planet. There are thousands of gems on this list, many priced below auction level. We routinely enjoy Burgundies from the 1950s without breaking the bank. And there are a couple hundred wines by the glass. Plus dessert wines. Where else can you get a glass of 1834 Madeira? The food is great, too. and the offerings have really expanded in the past three decades we've been going. It's actually not my favorite steak, because I'm not a fan of dry aging, but there are hundreds of other selections. We just usually have four or five appetizers per person and then go up to the dessert rooms. Our favorite app is the caviar (choice of more than a dozen) served Bern's style with little foams. And what other restaurant has dessert rooms? Private little spaces, dark and romantic, made from wine vats! The perfect end to a spectacular evening, all at reasonable prices.
My dinner at Bern's Steakhouse was by far one of the best and most unique dining experiences that I've ever had.  I'm a pescatarian to boot, who didn't even try what Bern's specializes in (which I've been told is actually quite mediocre), but I still loved being there because it wasn't so much about the food; it was about the overall experience. My dining companions ordered steak entrees that came with french onion soup, baked potato, salad and onion rings, while I stuck with two appetizers because I was not feeling too hungry.  Little did I know, though, that their appetizers were entree-sized! Their tuna tartare wasn't what I expected it to be.  When I think tuna tartare, I think tuna salad, as in diced up tuna marinated in various sauces, spices and herbs, and then eaten on toast or chips.  The Bern's version of tuna tartare is actually minced up tuna mixed with soy sauce, sesame, cilantro, ect.  It was presented molded circularly, making it look a lot like a raw burger patty.  It was served with wasabi, pickled ginger, and deep fried wonton skins. I was pretty indifferent to the tuna tartare, but the white truffle macaroni and cheese was AMAZING, to say the least.  It was riccioli pasta in a white cheese sauce with white truffle generously grated all over the top, making it look like minced garlic.  Then it was topped with sliced up chives.  It wasn't too salty or greasy, and it was just the right amount of richness, creaminess and flavor; just perfect. Our waiter was everything that we wanted him to be, and then some.  He was totally at our service, and after dinner, he even took us on a tour of the wine cellar, which was mind blowing.  They have over SEVEN THOUSAND different wines dating back to the 1800's.  He said that they recently sold a bottle from the 1700's for $6100.  It was so fascinating listening to him tell us all these cool facts about wine.  Our waiter is also a photographer, so he took a bunch of really awesome pictures of us in the wine cellar. Then we got a tour of the kitchen from another waiter, and then it was off to the dessert room.  And yes, it's as tasty as it sounds! :)  It's upstairs and full of small, closed off circular booths for privacy.  They had a huge dessert menu full of sweet drinks and treats, and thousands of dessert wines.  We ended up getting coconut sorbet, a baked Alaska, a King Midas, which is carrot cake with chocolate ice cream and a lot of chocolate sauce.  The coconut sorbet was so creamy that it tasted just like ice cream!  The meringue in the baked Alaska had so much sugar in it that it had the taste and texture of a marshmallow.  The carrot cake was intense.  Everything was way too sweet though, and us three health nuts (my friends much moreso than I) only finished about half of it. One cool thing about the dessert room: In every booth, there are buttons to push to choose a category of music for that booth, including my favorite, the "live music" button.  Next to these buttons is a telephone that goes straight to the pianist to make song requests.  Downstairs, there's a pianist who can play ANYTHING.  We got to enjoy the likes of Billy Joel, Journey, and Sinatra, not to mention the theme to Inspector Gadget, while sipping on Turkish coffee and eating yummy dessert! We dined at Bern's for three hours and with tip and everything, the bill came out to about $250 for three people.  Not bad at all.  At first glance, Bern's may seem expensive, but one you experience it, you'll find that you really get your monies worth.  And then some.  The portions are generous.  The food is delicious.  The ingredients, the finest.  The restaurant, classy, yet not uptight.  The decor is amazing.  The ambiance is nice and relaxing.  And last, but not least, the staff members are awesome, extremely accommodating, and VERY knowledgeable in what they do.
I love Berns.  It is a must stop each and every time we are in Tampa.  Excellent steaks and sides!  Massive menu and even more massive wine list/cellar.  A true wine geeks dream.  You will not leave hungry but make sure you leave enough room for the separate dessert room upstairs, its amazing!  Macadamia nut Ice cream!  Great knowledgeable staff.
I honestly felt like I have not had steak until I tried this place. I will say that is is best to make reservations.  I emailed my reservation and they send you an approval email back saying they approve it or not. Once I arrived, the interior was very dim and decorated. Once we were called to our table and our server arrives. Loved him! *Side note When you first meet your server, let him know you would like a kitchen tour and that you want to go to the dessert room. A steak includes: French onion soup and breads: Just plain delicious. It gave me great memories. There is alot of cheese on the top. I enjoyed every bit of it. Our server warned us not to press the spoon straight down into the cheese because the hot liquid of the soup could burn. Great advice. I tried the garlic bread and the honey-molasses bread. Whoo! I dipped them into the soup and I just wanted a big pot of that and call it a day. Salad This salad was put together very well. It had celery and that actually brightened it. The avocado added creaminess and that black olive. Man that black olive. It didn't have the bite of a normal black olive. It was sweet and went down quite smooth. I could have used two more of those. The dressing was yummy. It was freshly made and just be sure to stir it before pouring on the salad or you will taste purely oil. I selected Cabernet Sauvignon Vinagarette. Baked Potato It is prepped right near you. The server opens it and dresses it with the toppings. This potato was soft. It was very creamy and satisfying. Onion Strings Comes on the plate with the steak. Very flavorful, crisp and just downright tasty. I could have had them with an aoli sauce and I would have been content. Carrots These come on the plate with the steak. The sweetness of the potato with the carrots is a great match actually. The Grand Marnier takes it to another level. String beans Another element on the plate with the steak. Very shiny and crisp. They were good. Once I ate the first one, blinked and they rest were gone. Last, but certainly not least, we have the star of the show (drum roll please) the steak. I got a bone in strip. I went with the bone in because it holds moisture better. They also inform you that once off the grill, they rub it with a garlic butter. That works for me! I also got he oscar topping (soft crab, hollandaise, asparagus). Oscar was succulent. The steak. Where have I been eating all my life? It was seasoned and cooked perfectly (I opted for medium). As you get closer to the center of the steak, the flavor intensifies. Where they do that at? Also, on my first bite, it was so tender that I almost lost it. It melted in my mouth. I couldn't finish it all so it was packed with other leftovers and we got ready for the tour and dessert room. Tour A 6400 sq ft kitchen. That is the type of kitchen I dream about. I even got a rare look inside the aging beef room. The guy over that room overheard me saying I wanted to see it and he was like I will give you a quick peek. Nice! Sorry if the pic for it was blurry but it was quick. That room was 1400 sq ft. I got to see an old 100 yr old coffee machine, where they cut beef (all steak is cut to order and no a moment before), where soup is made and prepared, where onion rings are made, the grill that can hold up to 200 steaks (cooks at 700-1000 degrees) and the wine cellar. They have the largest private selection of wine that a restaurant can hold in the world. I even seen the rare wines that range from 200-30,000 dollars. After this, we moved on to the dessert room. Another cool fact is in order to become a server, you must work in the kitchen a yr and a half first to know where everything is. That means cooking, cleaning and learning each station. Harry Waugh Dessert room This place boasts of over 40 desserts. The rooms are cozy and shaped like a barrel. I have the exotic vanilla. It was a nice mix of sweetness and tartness. That is a favorite for me! I also tried the Trio of Liquid center cakes. That was awesome as well. Warm chocolate cake, liquid warm centers and 3 types of ice cream?  (Raises hand) Yes please! Things to remember - Dress accordingly. They ask for no t-shirts, sneakers or jeans. Be mindful of this. Don't come in here looking like a ragamuffin. - Be on time. I arrived 10 min before my reservation - The server receives 12% percent of tip already in your total. So my bill was 132 and the server automatically received 15.84 of it. You can tip again if you like. - The dessert room doesn't factor in tip so please tip the server upstairs. - If you don't know, ask. I was unsure of what steak to order and I got a thorough explanation of all. The steaks at the top of the menu are more tender. The steaks at the bottom of the menu have the most flavor. I picked right in the middle with the strip. Perfect combination of both. I just made another reservation online for this place. Why haven't you?
Very cool place.  Must go at least once in your life.  Very very awesome.  Great food.  Great service.  Unique experience.  The desert room upstairs was a neat twist.
If you are looking for a mouth-watering steak... Bern's is not the place.  Terribly overpriced and fails to meet your expectations.  The staff is a bit snobby but respectfull.  The dessert and coffee area are probably its best feature:  intimate, a great selection of wines and after dinner cordials and a great dessert choice.
Good place to go for a nice occasion. The food may seem pricey, but you get so much with your food including a lovely starter salad and French onion soup. They have so much variety to their food that it's quite intense. Just their list of dressings alone can result in fretful indecision. I had the snapper a la plancha. The fish came in a nice thick portion. It was however a little overcooked and a bit too salty for my taste. The truffle beurre blanc was a nice touch though. If you go later (~9PM), be sure to ask that they'll still do the tour. We took the tour, and it was still fun, though the kitchen was pretty empty. Once we had dessert, it was super late. The dessert room was really cool, and they had lots of delicious options. I especially liked the architecture/private cubbyhole style. It felt nice and cozy for our group.
Wow - people are freaking out what a great deal this place is... well so is Golden Corral, and I don't want to eat steak there either. I can't verbalize how bad this place sucks on every level.  The steak is completely mediocre, but considering how bad dining is in Tampa I at least understand locals thinking its good.  I will say the steak is cooked properly, but it has no taste!  It doesn't have the faintest taste of being aged whatsoever.  It's like you bought Choice (not Prime) meat and cooked it well at home. The rest (salad, soup, etc.) is just garbage.  It's also a total cattle call - everything is basically formulaic - when the waiter takes your order you will understand... what soup do you want?  what salad?  what steak?  wine cellar tour?  reservation for dessert room?  repeat repeat repeat at lightening speed. What's also nice is how white trash loves this place, so you have people dressed appropriately (pants/button-down shirt) next to families sporting tank tops with crying children.  Awesome.
Every table in the dessert room feels like you're in your own little private room and several have doors you can close to your booth/table. There's a live piano player that you can call from your table and request any songs. Or if you like, they have individual music selections that included broadway, classical light, classical pop, contemporary, jazz, or the live music from the piano.  The service is superb. The waiter was quite knowledgeable and very helpful with everything. The menu was a book of desserts and drinks!! There were hundreds of wine, and scotch, everything.  I don't think I have ever seen such a selection anywhere in the world.
After many years of waiting to go to Bern's, we finally made the trip and it was worth it. We arrived and the Valet took our car. It costs $5.00 to park plus tip if you choose to give one. The waiting area at Bern's is interesting. It's decorated with paintings of what looks to be kings and queens from many centuries ago. The entrance is lit with red shine chandeliers and it almost looks like a haunted house. We sat down and examined the book like food menu which explains everything you need to know to make an informed decision. It explains each cut of meat available along with the weight and how many people the cut of meat serves. Let me say that the prices are very reasonable. It's a lot cheaper than some of the other fine steakhouses. Along with the huge menu, they have a list of wines that looks like en encyclopedia. They have over half a million wines available in their wine cellar. We were told it's the largest restaurant wine cellar in the world, which we found extremely interesting. With your entree, you get a cup of their famous French Onion Soup which was incredible. The broth did not contain onions but it definitely had the distinct flavor and the cheese was melted perfectly over the top of the cup. They bring along some garlic crackers that really brought out the flavor in the soup. Next comes the salad which is also included with your entree and its your basic house salad. All of their dressings are made in house and you have a wide array of options. I ordered the Surf & Turf which was made up of a 100 Day Aged Delmonico and half a Butter Poached Lobster. The Lobster was cooked perfectly but I wish I would have had more. The Delmonico was OK, it had good flavor but it wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I ordered it. I should've ordered one of the Filet Mignon's but I was in the mood for some Lobster. You get to pick exactly how you want it cooked and they have many options as well. From completely Rare to Well Done. The Food menu explains each option in detail. You're getting schooled in Steak preparation at this place. My wife ordered the 11oz Chateaubriand and she was blown away by the flavor and melt in your mouth quality. Our server was very knowledgeable. In order to become a waiter at Bern's, you have to work at every station in the kitchen. It takes between 1 to 2 years and from what we were told, it's not easy. They want their waiters to be well rounded when it comes to their food and I find that very intriguing. Once we finished our dinner, we were invited to take a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. This is a first for me, I have never taken a tour of where the magic happens. The kitchen is huge and each station is taken care of in a fast and efficient manner. Everything was very clean and its obvious that everyone has to work as a team. The Wine Cellar was mind blowing. They take you into the dark and spooky wine cellar and you are hit with that old wood smell that lets you know you are somewhere special. Thousands of bottles stacked up in tight rows with not much room to walk. After the tour, comes the Dessert room which is located upstairs, The Harry Waugh Room. Its made up of many different booths enclosed with glass. Each booth allows you to choose what type of music you want to hear. They have a Live Piano Player option that takes requests but you have to call him by phone which is provided inside the booth. Here you have another huge book of Dessert options and Dessert wines along with other Liqueurs. It's a bit overwhelming because everything sounds like a chocolate lover's dream. We ordered a Flight of Ice Wines from Canada and you could really smell the aromas that make this Icewine so popular. We had the Peanut Butter Chocolate Truffle with Banana Sorbet and a Cappuccino Creme which is a Tiramisu covered in Chocolate. Both were creamy and extremely rich and decadent. They do offer sampler's of their most popular desserts but after a huge meal, you have to really pace yourself. I found it very interesting how they seat people downstairs for dinner and your dessert is served elsewhere. I have definitely become a fan of Bern's and I look forward to visiting more frequently.
Old favorite for Tampa locals; good food, nice presentation.  Note I did not say GREAT food; I think the steaks are comparable to Outback for flavor.  I like Outback, consistent steak.  Bern's steaks are consistent, but you're paying for the ambiance, the service, and don't forget to take the Wine Cellar and Kitchen tour--excellent.  But once you've seen those tours, really the steaks are not a "cut" above Outback.  Be prepared for the Dessert Room, great pies, cakes, sherbets, and after dinner drinks--this is where you can really run the dining bill up.  If you're out for a nice evening with your significant other, a quiet cup of coffee or sharing a piece of Apple Pie can be a nice close to the evening in the small, private dining areas upstairs.  Just be aware of the dessert bill...it's separate and can start to run steep, quickly....a must at least once, after that consider "Side Berns" around back.
Awesome vibe! Biggest wine selection in world. Literally. Food was great. Service was awesome. Try the dessert and get the tour!
I am going to give Bern's a 5 for the area it is in....put this place in a more food-centric locale and it's 3.5-4 stars. The ambiance of Bern's is both awesome and a little creepy/outdated/overdone - but easily can be forgotten for some of the awesome that is in store for you here. Your best deal is to get a steak because you get soup, salad, veggies, onions straws - instead of having to order all this separate. They have so many different cuts, and you order them in different thickness and temps - which can all be very confusing but the wait staff can help you through. There is a great writeup for each steak so you can pick which is best for you. I thought about the Chateaubriand until I saw their Luxe special for the night which had Filet Mignon, Delmonico and the one I actually wanted - Wagyu - and still came with all the fixings the steak dinners come with. The wait staff is thrilled when someone knows about the food they are ordering and it makes them that much more excited to serve you! The service here is on point. Things like Caesar salad and baked potatoes get their fixings prepared table-side which is a nice little treat. One stand-out in the wait-staff that I saw was a nearby table of a daughter with her parents celebrating their some milestone anniversary and the mother had some cognitive impairments and couldn't have the onions in french onion soup for a swallowing hazard (but french onion had always been her favorite there), the waitress said they would strain out the onions so she could still have the soup.   Speaking of the french onion - awesome! Decent depth of flavor and the cheese on top - oh-so-good! For my salad I ordered a citrus vinaigrette - so lovely and bright in flavor - and they pack that salad with all sorts of goodies - avocado, pepper, egg, etc. So my luxe trio of meat - let's talk about the veggies first - nothing to brag about, the carrots were a confused mix of sweet and savory, and I don't know that they knew what they wanted to be. The beans were alright, but I didn't care one way or another. The onion straws were lovely and paired nicely with everything. My potato I had fixed up with everything, but upon hearing the secrets of their butter, I really wish I had just ordered it with butter instead cause it sounded better that way - so ask them the secrets of the butter's deliciousness! So the trio - both wonderful and meh. I began with the Filet Mignon - this was alright, could have been more tender, but flavor was good. The Delmonico - awful! so tough and flavorless. Wagyu - awesome! so juicy and tender. Take the tour of kitchen and wine cellar - its a must! AND you MUST go to the dessert room. I had a 6-rum dessert drink - awesome...and strong. And for dessert get the baked alaska - this dessert is the bee's knees!!!!
There isn't much I could possibly say to add to what as already been said or boast highly enough for Berns. I'll say, first and foremost, that I have been fortunate enough to spoil my senses with some of the best food in the country. Berns has been my favorite meal to date. Bar none. Sure, it's arguably the best Steakhouse in the nation. But that's just the beginning. Dining there is only partially about the food. More so, it's about the experience. Our group of 4 spent over 5 hours at the restaurant for dinner and could have stayed 4 more if it weren't so apparent that we were the last diners there. Our dinner was superb, complimented by exceptional wines by the glass and bottle (diving into 1974's that don't exist anywhere else--and I live in wine country, CA!). After dinner we escaped with the Som to tour the kitchen and wine cellar--absolutely stupendous! Then it was dessert time. Comforted by the sounds of a selection of genres of music and nestled in our own personal wine barrel, the dessert was but the cherry on top. I could carry on forever reveling in all that is Berns but nothing can compare to your own experience. If you're in the Tampa area and are interested in a 5 star dining experience, I couldn't recommend anything more highly.
This restaurant is superb!  The food is excellent and what a value for your money!  Entrees come with soup, salad, baked potato, vegetable and fried shoestring onion rings.  Being able to drink a vintage bordeaux with my Chateuabriand steak was such a treat.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry, as the service is not rushed.  Berns is an elegant restaurant with delicious food and character to boot.  Vegetables and herbs are mostly sourced from their own organic garden.  The dessert room upstairs is intimate and charming.  I cannot wait to go back to Tampa so I can eat at Berns again!
I haven't been here since 1984. The same great steaks that I remembered. The onion soup was good but not as good as I remember. It seems like there was more back in the day. My Delmonico was cooked perfectly.
An Unforgettable Experience. Bern's is a National Treasure, not just a Tampa Treasure. Bern's was Farm to Table before farm to table was cool. Thankfully, they have not succumbed to the dumbed down decor and standard experience of modern steakhouses. With the 2nd largest wine cellar in the world and in my opinion the most unpretentious staff of any 5 Star, Bern's will impress you from start to finish. Bern's on a budget....sit at the bar and order the steak sandwich, which isn't on the menu. I spotted numerous bottles of wine under $30...and remember that each steak comes with enough sides and apps to fill even a big eater up. Bern's dessert room...try it without dropping $50 a head for dinner first. They have plenty of dessert wines in the $5-$10 range. Kick back and enjoy...and don't be one of those loud mouthed douches who doesn't put a jacket on for it.
Hands down the best steak in Florida!!  Service is great and the desert room is phenomenal.  If you're ever in Tampa, you need to come here!!
Fantastic experience. Couldn't have had a better meal!!  Waiter fantastic!  Definitely will be back with more friends and family!!
Unless you're rolling around in $100 dollar bills, don't consider Bern's a restaurant. Consider it an experience. An experience that includes melt-in-your-mouth steak.  This is event eating at it's best in Tampa Bay. Birthday's, anniversaries and holidays should be spent here. I've been to Bern's several times in the past 20 years and not much has changed. If you arrive early, have a drink in the intimate bar. Then you'll be escorted to a table in small room, each room seeming to have no more than 10 tables max in it. The theme of each room is different, so when you go back, try to "get a room" that you haven't been too. First off, tell your waiter you'd like a tour after your meal and that'd you'd like a spot in the desert room. Then thumb through the wine book to get a preview of the wine cellar you'll visit later. Peruse the verbose menu and then order your steak by cut and ounce. Consider splitting a steak with other members of your party, you'll still both get full courses. Then sit back and enjoy the remarkable service. Your wine is poured by decanter. Your potato mixed right in front of you. And your steak will be the best steak you've tasted. All the sides are delicious but the steak is the highlight. Make sure you have room to eat Every. Single. Bite. No doggie bags here. After your meal, take the tour. You get to see the kitchen, which is large and very busy. You get to see fish tanks, ancient coffee roasters, the fromage fridge. It's a bustling operation that makes you appreciate that meal you're still digesting. After the kitchen, you'll get to visit the wine cellar. It's less busy down there, it's your chance to ask a lot of questions, and you'll get your answers.  I challenge you to resist building a wine closet when you get home! Then you'll be shuffled upstairs for desert. You'll notice the desert menu is more about the after dinner drinks than food. But don't be fooled. Ask about the Macadamia nut ice cream recipe while you sit in your private booth listening to music of your choice. Usually because you're still stuffed from dinner, you're not much in the mood for more food, so I'd recommend making a separate visit to just the desert room at some point in your life. It'll still be a large bill but it'll allow you to better enjoy the drinks and a desert. Remember, Bern's is an event, so plan accordingly, Make reservations weeks in advance. Bring cash for the valet. Plan on 4 hours if you're having desert. And make sure your credit card isn't near it's limit. Every big city needs a place like this, it's like an amusement park for adults. Enjoy!
Great dining experience.  Fantastic waiter...entertaining and impressive menu. Kitchen and wine cellar tour were delightful.  Desert room was fabulous.
One of the best experiences you'll ever have. Our waiter was superb. He took us through the menu and explained everything from what the cut of steak was to how it is prepared. We had Chateaubriand for 2 and that includes French onion soup (which is AMAZING), a steakhouse salad, baked potato, carrots, and green beans.  The steak is cut table side after they show you and make sure it looks appropriate. It was phenomenal. I ordered a side of Gorgonzola fondue for the potatoes as well - it is excellent. Afterwards we went to the dessert room which we could barely finish. We also took the kitchen tour and found out they have wine from 1815! Crazy! They boast the largest wine collection in the world and I can believe it.
Here's the thing about Bern's - it is world renown for a pile of reasons, but those reasons are sometimes lost on people who eat primarily at chains or casual dining places. Bern's is about quality and unobtrusive, professional service. The only other places I've had similar dining experiences in Tampa are at the private Tampa or University Clubs. Got a special request? Call ahead and place it, or just wait til you are seated. The menu is not the end but the beginning of what you have to choose from. They age their steaks in the back (make sure you do the kitchen tour if you have never done it - I have, many times over the years) and they have their own organic farm to control where their veggies come from. I have been eating here since the late 1960s when I was a wee tyke. Mom & Dad used to bring us here (in a coat & tie I might add) to have a New Years Eve dinner (early, kid time) then drop us off with grandma so they could go out and do adult NYE kind of stuff. There have been changes over the years - the onion soup comes out in a metal ramekin now, it used to be in a stoneware cup that honestly never cooled. Burned my tongue on that a few times... the wine list seems to have been pared down, it used to be a phone book size affair that one could spend hours considering - it seems updated and manageable these days. The Cameo room remains the same, and last night we ate in the newly refurbished bronze room. Now here's the big/little secret of Bern's: Don't over order. A nice 6 or 8 oz filet is 30-35 bucks and includes baked potato, salad (mmm try the citrus or macadamia/vanilla bean vinagrettes) and soup. So, 2 people can get out of there for 60 to 70 bucks (plus tax & tip). Considering the quality that goes into the food, and the years of training by staff to take care of your needs, this is a bargain in the fine dining world. Of course, add in their famous steak tartare, a cosmo, a glass of wine or two and a trip to the Harry Waugh room, and you can certainly set yourself back a lot more. As others have noted: The Chateaubriand is an even better way to go. If I ate there more often, I'd probably wander the menu and get in trouble (but such good trouble) for sure. And, believe me, that has happened in the past... So: For my birthday, my mother decided to treat me to dinner here - I had the 8 oz filet, medium rare - it was spectacular as always. I ditched the onion soup in favor of an ala carte add of the lobster bisque (zomg sooooo rich and wonderful) If I order that again, I'll have the bacon left out - it added nothing to this dish - the only off note all night - but, minor quibble. Salad: perfect. Even the tomatoes were right. Baked potato: couldn't finish it. Perfect as well. The fresh squashes were divine too, as were the crispy fried onion rings. I'll never get why they include that little pile of shredded carrots, because I've never seen anyone eat them... heh. My Cosmo was PERFECTION, and the glass of house red wine (a blend of varieties - never know what it will have in it - but they only do great wines, no?) was smooth and peppery - perfect with the steak. So yes, treat the place special, because it is. If you have a question, ask one of the wait staff who study for years to get to that position. Or, ask for the sommier to come talk to you and suggest a wine. They're thrilled by noobs - old hands like me already know the place and leave them with little to guide me to or through. The finest steakhouse, with the best personality of any place I have ever dined, anywhere in the United States. And it is literally almost in my back yard. Last tip: Go Mon - Thursday for a quieter and more relaxed experience. Weekends are a little nutty.
THE EXPERIENCE........Foodies experience!  Being yelper  fans I chose Bern's for its raving reviews.  A trip to Tampa and Bern's was one of our highlights. Every bite was a taste bud explosion, from the oysters served with a horseradish sorbet and a Tabasco sorbet to the melt in your mouth steaks.  So lets talk about the steaks, mmmmmm cooked to perfection. You choose the cut, the thickness and how you would like it cooked.  All steak dinners come with a salad with homemade dressing, French onion soup w/ four types of cheese, the most wonderful vegetables, a baked potato with all the yummy additions and  perfectly fresh fried onion strings.  The green beans were the best I had ever tasted.  Fresh, fresh, mmmmmm. Now this would only be one of the best steaks I have ever eaten, but what contributed to this experience was the service.  Our waiter, Roman, was entertaining and animated reflecting his passion for Bern's.  He shared the history, complimented our experience with his expertise.  He took us on a tour of the fascinating kitchen and the amazing wine cellar, I have seen nothing like it.   The experience would not be complete without the experience of the desert room.  Sit in a wine barrel, enjoy a wonderful desert aperitif.  The deserts are as beautiful as they are tasty.  Do not leave the experience without having a cappuccino.
This place is truly lends it's self to the saying don't judge a book by it's cover. A bland boxy building with little to no flare. But, you walk in and are greeted by the Haunted Mansion merged with a brothel. Step into one of it's many dinning rooms and your taken back to an era where you think any minute the member of the Rat Pack will be joining you. Bern's menu to put it lightly will blow your mind. The choices you have of their fine tender aged steaks will leave you guessing what the other choice would of tasted like. You won't go hungry leaving here. Not only steaks but amazing selection of other fine items. Surely to please the pickiest of eaters. Toughest choice is to decide what el carte item to have.  Which is my one complaint about Berns. If you love food or just want to be awed one must take the kitchen/wine tour. The sure mass of both will explain to you why this place is so good. Only wish you where able to see where the aged beef was kept. Desert will be the thing here you will want to leave room for. Heck don't even and just force yourself to have that food coma. Their upstairs desert room makes you feel like your in your own little wine barrel heaven. You want to just hand your server the menu and say one. Oh if you only could.
Food was great and the wine list was amazing. French onion soup was delicious and the Chateaubriand steak was excellent. The extensive, affordable wine list blew me away. Full bottles of '84 Bordeaux for $18. And a great selection of 30 year old wines by the glass for less than $20. The tour of the kitchen and wine cellar was a great ending to the evening.
Old school steak house appears to be a production facility now. Red velvet wall paper, luxurious decor, attentive (kinda) service. Waiter was old school as well, wanted to tell us what to order, instead of answering our questions about the menu. Had no clue about the vegetarian option that they touted (which my wife wanted), and pushed the multi-course onion soup/salad/steak/dessert like he was selling used cars. In the end, my wife got the gnocchi and vegetables which were very good. I got the raw oysters (still don't know origin since waiter never did find out), trio of soup (good, don't miss the lobster chowder), salad (he ordered for me, I didn't ask for it, and Delmonico. I asked repeatedly for it to be Pittsburgh-rare (charred rare), and each time he told me that he'd order it medium rare. After correcting him three times, I gave up and let him order it his way. Unfortunately, it came out medium (hot red center), which was too overdone for my preference. The steak was tasty, but nothing special compared to what my expectations were set at. In addition, asked repeatedly for sommelier to make recommendations for either a bottle or pairing with courses. He finally showed up after my first course came, decided he couldn't match up a bottle with both our meals (wouldn't most good sommelier see that as a challenge), then decided to match with courses. He missed two of the courses and his choices were unimaginative at best. Dessert upstairs in the the fancy dessert room we heard so much about. It was a quirky experience (separate checks, separate servers). Desserts were very good, if but overpriced. Service upstairs was much better. I might go again to see if this first visit was an anomaly, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way (like I did this time) to get there.
Great food.  Great experience.  Great Dessert Room! Wife took me to Bern's 7 years ago (for my bday) before we were married and we shared a bottle of wine from the year I was born. Something I'll never forget - in fact, the empty wine bottle is 1 of 2 that that are still displayed in my office (great conversation pieces - 1 for a work accomplishment and the other - well, you just read about it...)
Well earns its spot as one of the finest steakhouses in the USA and a memorable dining experience all around. I cannot properly phrase what a unique experience it is to dine at Berns,...the decor(initially reminded me of what a 1900-era bordello would look like), ambience, steaks, wine selection & tour, dessert room...they all provide snapshots of an unfortgettable evening. This is the place to take your significant other which you will recount for years afterwards. The steaks were excellent and reasonable prices are available. The meals are not actually ala carte as sufficient sides are provided with the steaks.. Meat selection is everywhere from budget minded to ridiculous. Same as the wine. I was able to purchase a nice bottle of wine from 1978 at a reasonable price. i.e. less than $40 The dessert room is so different from the usual experience it is both exotic and an aphrodisiac due to the privacy, and let me admit, the effect of sharing an entire bottle of wine prior to post-dinner liqueurs. Not really expensive in my opinion. Preferred for special occasions- birthdays, anniversaries, etc. But it may suffice for  regular evening out although I suppose some of the novelty will wear off with regular visits.
Went for my birthday this weekend, overall a great experience, the dinner waiter is what brings it back down to a 4. We arrived half hour early for our reservation and went to hang out in the bar. Great bar waiter, very attentive and informative, had a drink and he brought our tab out to our table once we were seated. Our dinner waiter took his time with several things, and the first thing he asked after he walked over was 'are you ready to order' ? No introduction, no 'have you been here before', nothing. I proceeded to start by asking to reserve the desert room table, as directed by the menu to do at the start of the meal. I was corrected and told he was going to ask me that after he took my order...whatever. I then ask his opinion on a cavair which he gives and i order, then i ask him to pair a champagne with it and he has no preference. I order 2 glasses, the caviar ($45 one)  the Chateaubriand 17oz for two and ask him to pick out a bottle of malbec or pinot noir, whatever he thinks is best. He has no preference on the type of wine, and tells me to pick one. wtf ? for a place with 100,000 bottles on site, send over a sommolier, i think they have two there. This is all after i have to stop him from running away from the table before ive finished ordering items. Thankfully he picks out a nice pinot noir i was pleased with, but is scarce with water and conversation. Kind of a buzzkill, considering the bar waiter and desert room waitress were great. Meat was nice, you can tell that it is aged properly. I would order a porterhouse next time, the Chateaubriand is a little too soft and cool when prepared medium rare for my preferences. To each their own, it was properly cooked. Sides, salads and soups were all good, ordered the mushrooms as a side and they saved the steak that was rather flavorless, maybe because it comes with a warm center and not hot like im used to. All that aside, we took the tour afterwards, through the kitchen and wine cellar, and it truly is an experience as compared to just a great steak place.Spent an hour up in the desert room and had some drinks and the baked Alaska, most enjoyable part of the evening. I went after reading the reviews on here and it being number 2 in the country on last months Forbes top steakhouse list.  I recommend going at least once in your life, but be careful not to get your hopes up too high, as it can be a lot to live up to !
Great steak and with all the sides we didn't feel like it was very expensive. They know how to cook meat here for sure. The steak was just perfect. The sides were quite old fashioned- could have been more inspired and innovative. I could have done without the kitchen tour- made me feel like I was at an expensive cafeteria, with all the dishwasher smells and the salad assembly lines. The wine cellar was more impressive. Make sure you try the macadamia nut ice cream in the dessert room- heaven!!
I finally made my way into the dark and popular Bern's Steakhouse. I was excited because I heard how well-known its aged steaks in town. The attire is supposed to be dressy, but I dressed it somewhat dressy casual blouse and jeans. The atmosphere is definitely romantic, but I saw couples and even parties of 4 or more. So it seemed pretty nice and comfortable. Our table was in the corner with a little bit of privacy. I liked the decor. Although, when trying to find the nearest restroom, it was like walking into a maze. The menu is very extensive. It literally is a book, but it has mostly the descriptions of the different types of steaks that they offer in different cuts and sizes. Everything is broken down for you. But it was a bit overwhelming. My friend was able to help me narrow it down and ordered our 20oz. Chateaubriand steak with ease. My eyes widen when I heard that. Apparently, we were to split that fortunately. We also started our meal with a bottle of American champagne, paired with cheese crackers. They were actually pretty good. The steak comes with fixed appetizers such a french-onion soup and mixed micro salad with my choice of vinaigrette dressing. Both were really good. We also got our own plates with our steak that came with multiple sides: baked potato, fried onions, and a bit of veggies. The steak was enormous and flavorful. I can taste hints of the garlic, which I love. But I did try to opt for a wine sauce to add more flavor. I thought the steak was tender and juicy, but I think I liked it better paired with a sauce to cut the saltiness. The service was spot on. Our server was nice and patient, and got what we needed right away gracefully. I thought it was a nice night for a Wednesday night, the place was almost full. After paying the bill, we decided to go through the tour inside the kitchen. (With wine, my friend's 2 dry martinis and our steak dinners, cost about $180 including gratuity already added). The dessert room is also like a dark maze. Each room is secluded and has its own phone booth where you can change music to your taste from classical to jazz. The menu is also extensive because it also includes the port wines that can be paired with the desserts. Instead of just glancing at the menu too long, we asked our waiter for the top 3 most popular desserts or his favorites. He gave us a cute story behind the ever popular Macadamia ice cream, which took Bern's 7 years to perfect. So needless to say, we opted for that one. Might I say, the 3 scoops were enormous and on top of that came with whole macadamias, a waffle bowl and chocolate sauce. It was rich and delightful. I would go back just for the dessert ($11). It was a real treat. But the reason for the 4 starts was the pricing. It's very pricey and a place that I would never frequent unless I had a major account. So for those that would like to try this ever popular steakhouse, try the steaks and go for the dessert. But be sure your wallet can afford to fork over that $$$ price tag, or someone else'.
Holy cow!!! What a disaster meal. 6/30/12. Ordered a delmonico 18oz steak for the wife, a bone in rib eye for myself. As always med-rare. Food came in 25mins, not bad...when it did arrive the delmonico was a tint of grey color with no charring on the surface. My wife, the steak lover cut into it and took a bite...immediately she said there was something wrong and spit it out. I told her it was just in her head and the steak was normal. I then took a bit of her steak and tried it just to prove a point. Hate to admit it,she was right. It was a pungent, raw, fatty, stale smell/taste/flavor.  Called the waiter over and explained. He took it back and about 5mins Later came back and told me that the "sous chef" said this was normal and that we might not know how to eat aged steak. WTF, WTF! All the good aged steak I've eaten could amount to a few cows. He told me that he could pack it up for me, and I told him I wouldn't even give it to a stray dog let alone bring it home. Insulting knowing that the 2 bites taken cost us $58. It would have been a different story if we were to eat the entire steak and complained, but two bites? Gimme a break. I'm done with this place. You just lost your twice a month repeat offender.
Bern's isn't just a restaurant, its an experience. It literally needs to be at the top of your "to eat" list. I'm a midwesterner at heart so steak has always been a fave of mine, and Bern's definitely does it right. Its not cheap, but you get what you pay for and the food is always out of this world. You also get a plethora of sides included with your meal. Always go hungry!! And don't skip out on the dessert room, even if you think you're too full. Just do it. I can't recommend just one desert, but I can advise you to try the Bern's Cappuccino with whatever you end up getting.
Wonderful!!! Great experience, great food and I definately didn't think it was overpriced. The only two things I  was not crazy about was paring stir fried kale and shredded carrots as a vegetable for Chateaubriand for 5. I would have prefered to pick a vegetable. Also the 1976 Pinot Noir the waiter suggested was not that good - even after we let it breath. I wish he would have gave us some credit off for that, but... we choked it down and finished it with an awesome Oyster Bay Savignon Blanc. Dinner for 5 with dessert was about $425 - not as bad as I expected with 2 bottles of wine. Would definately go back but ask about alternate veggies. Remember in fine restaurants medium rare is really rare. I have a rule that the nicer the place, add another level of cooking. Our medium rare was rare.. but I volunteered to take the rarer of the roast.
I mean.... it's Bern's.  Enough said.
Best steakhouse in Tampa I have ever been to! Great service and even better food! Amazing!
I'm a pseudo-vegetarian/pescetarian and I haven't had red meat in 10 years...but I think I might order a steak if somebody took me here.  I think the hours of gastrointestinal agony and guilt feelings would be worth it. Oh God I miss that dessert room...and the coffee.  Mmmmm coffee. Who wants to take me to Florida? I disagree with the 8 people who said this place isn't good for kids.  My sister and I loved this place as kids...but we were REALLY well behaved.  Of course...there was one time when a waiter told us that vichyssoise was cold potato soup when my sister and I had to laugh it off in the bathroom for about 15 minutes. The fish is really good, but don't take the tour if you're not the kind of person who likes to meet your meat.  When they say fresh, they mean it...because there is a big fish tank in the kitchen.
I must say that the steak was good. If you are the kind of person who judges a dining experience on good food and lots of it, this is for you. I found the dining room to be rather crowded, poorly lit, noisy and the decor was the definition of tacky. If bigger makes everything better, they drive that home by guided group tours of the kitchen and wine cellar emphasizing that it is BIG and that somehow that translates to good. The wine cellar is huge yes, but again what does that do for me? All I see is that they buy wine in huge quantities and probably get really great prices. Good for them (profit) but what's in it for me? The tour of the kitchen shows that it is huge and has lots of busy, sweaty people working very hard and very fast. I happened to glance over and see a rather small woman bending over a huge bowl of salad and reaching in almost up to her armpits in an effort to toss the salad. I don't know if I really needed to see that. At the end of the tour I fully expected to be dumped out into a gift shop a la Universal Studios. Instead, you get to go upstairs for dessert. By this time I felt like I was run through a carnival sideshow, not an intimate gourmet dining experience that featured a creative and inventive chef that I would have liked. People rave over this place and if you are looking for the standard "steakhouse" kind of place and you are of the mind that bigger is always better then this is for you.
Life changing meal... The wine list is amazing you could order a bottle from your birth year at a reasonable price... The steak is good and everything else is amazing.. Sucks I live in Miami and so far away from this place... A must visit at least once in your lifetime
Bummer!  I am extremely disappointed in Bern's steakhouse.  Not for the food, and not for the service, but for the fact that we had to wait ALMOST ONE HOUR TO BE SEATED BEYOND OUR RESERVATION TIME!  Furthermore, I understand that sometimes stuff happens, and as I've said before, its all in how the problems are dealt with.  I made these reservations 2 months in advance and called 2 times to confirm them.  I requested the cameo room as well and we did not get seated there too.  When I asked to speak to the manager because I wanted to know how they were going to fix this for us, HE WAS A NO SHOW!  BERN'S COULD GIVE A CRAP WHETHER THEY SCREWED US OVER.  It was a special occasion too.  Bottom line: DON'T TRUST BERN'S FOR A SPECIAL OCCASION, UNLESS YOU DON'T MIND WAITING FOR AN HOUR FOR YOUR TABLE AND RECEIVE NO APOLOGY OR COMP FROM MANAGEMENT. In addition, be prepared to dine with a lot of uptight South Tampa pretentious folks who think their stuff don't stink.  I mean come on, really, it's South Tampa.  Get over yourself already.
Go see Doug in the bar for French onion soup, short ribs & the cocktail of your liking made to perfection!
Theme for this review: You'll be glad you went, but it's no big deal. Also, you better like dark restaurants with tacky retro decor b/c in this place you will feel like you have entered a Stanley Kubrik movie. If you are expecting a 5 star experience and you have dined at 5 star restaurants in other cities or countries, you will be disappointed in Bern's. If you have never been to a 5 star restaurant before and your idea of a great restaurant is Ruth's Chris, Bern's will blow you away. I was not blown away by Bern's. The food was good and the service was very good but I have seen and eaten much better. Just one example is the much-hyped French onion soup. If this is your idea of a stellar onion soup, then I'm sorry, but you haven't had stellar onion soup. Salad was OK, citrus dressing had no flavor. Everything was salty. My 60 dollar Porterhouse was good, but not 60 dollars good. It's a very nice restaurant that Tampa should be proud to have, especially with the one-of-a-kind wine collection. But Bern's is not on par with the great restaurants of the world. NOT EVEN CLOSE. By the way, the dessert room, though a great idea and very retro, was a disappointment. The desserts were terrible. Apple pie was a tasteless crust and baked Alaska was soaked in alcohol. The coffees were good. I would not go back unless someone was visiting from out of town and insisted on it and intended to pay for it. I would much rather save the 300 dollars I spent at Berns and put it toward a plane ticket to LA or NYC or Napa and a 5 star meal in one of those cities.
I called around 6 pm to make reservations on a Friday  and was told that the first available would be at 10 pm but if we could get there in 10 minutes we could probably have a table in the lounge that had just opened up.  We almost bailed and went to Charleys for the the third night in a row.  Novelty-seeking won out and we "bern"ed rubber to make it.   The Service Hands down best service I've enjoyed in years.  Our server was a server's server.  All I had to do is concentrate on a mental image of a grilled albino pineapple and it immediately appeared on a plate in front of me. Not really, but it felt that way with such intuitive attention to every whim or fancy that our table could muster. Tableware handling perfection to the millimeter.  Timing down to the millisecond.  This had to be a new Disney character working in costume at the magic kingdom--nobody could really be so passionate about the art of serving.  Note: apparently every table has a gratuity pre-added regardless of size.  Unnecessary as we gladly paid it plus more. The Food: The menu is a small novel that includes backstory pomp and circumstance.  Everything you need to know is in that menu.  There is a section of the menu that could aptly be titled "Idiot's Guide to Ordering Steak at Berns."   This place could give cheesecake factory a ride with all the different dishes offered.  Even though this is a steak house a vegetarian would be able to put together an amazing meal with so many non-meat selections on the menu. Extremely generous pours on the wine.  It is possible that Utah had biased me on this point.  The french onion soup was caramelized to perfection.  Not salty at all. Which is the way I like it.  This thick hearty soup was very much about onions and cheese.  The salad was your average high-end restaurant salad. I had the filet medium rare.  It was exactly medium rare. It was melt in your mouth delicious. The Tour: brilliant marketing is to offer a walking tour of the kitchen between dinner and dessert to give you time to prepare for more food.  The waiter told us that she would make a reservation for us the dessert room after the tour and then guided us to the entrance of a massive commercial kitchen. Stainless steel was everywhere.  We waited a few minutes until a couple other tables showed up.  We were shown everything we had just eaten and given a brief history lesson/hagiography of Mr. Bern.  This was relaxing and enjoyable.   The nickel tour included a showing-off of  one of the largest wine cellars I have ever seen.  Once we had entered the cellar within the cellar within the cellar with too many bottles to even begin counting.  I began to feel claustrophobic. I looked but there was no  cask of Amontillado, no rampart of bones, but that would have fit the ambience. Spooky.  The tour also included a showing of the raw steak cutters whose job it is to cut away any parts of meat that would not melt in a mouth.  They took this job very seriously.  It was like watching a cross between a beni- hanna chef performance and an orgami-folder. The rejected parts went towards soups and sauces.   Dessert Booth: After our tour of the kitchen we took a quirky glass-windowed elevator upstairs.  We arrived just in time for our reservation.  We were seated at a long booth  built into an enormous wine casket.  There was plenty of room inside yet it felt very private.  There was a set of black hard-plastic buttons and a volume dial on the wall next to me that looked like they were the latest intercom system in the 1970s.  The buttons were labelled different types of music (e.g., classical). I pressed one of the buttons and music was piped into the booth from speakers above us.  The original XM radio with only 6 channels. For dessert, I had the homemade macadamia nut ice cream sundae with super-fresh whip cream.  The ice cream is available for sale by the gallon at an outrageous price.  Stay away from the baked alaska.  I am not going to factor it into my evaluation since I have never had one before and it was fun watching it being set on fire and presented to the table. However, this particular mix of burnt and frozen did not agree with my palate.  Our server talked up the coffee claiming that it was ground in special machine.  Better-then-decent but had too many overbrewed tones.  Yet, this nicely counterbalanced the sweetness in the desserts.  I want to go back and try everything on the dessert menu. Dinner was a three hour affair with stretches between courses.  The kitchen and wine cellar tour was about a half hour.  Dessert was another hour and a half.  This is an experience to be savored slowly.  I would not come here if I had somewhere to be later.   The only place I have ever eaten where I felt I should have paid more for the value received.
Not much to say, except one of the best dining experiences in the Country.  Despite the cost (which is actually not bad), I dine there whenever I get the opportunity.  My only disappointment is that over the years the dress code has become somewhat casual.
Mt. Rushmore of steakhouses. Everyone knows this place is great... wine tour, kitchen tour, go to the dessert room.  Do it all.   Wine list one of the best in USA bar none.  Don't know if you can still buy retail here but it's a great deal, great selection of Bordeaux's.
This is the best, of the best, of the best.  I have enjoyed steak before, but I never really got the whole national obsession with it.  I do now.  I get it.  From the first bite I couldn't stop raving about it.  This meat had a unique flavor.  It was rich, it was intense...  it was beef and it was incredible. Ok, shock of all shocks (for anyone that knows me) I ate the french onion soup.  AND  I liked it!  Onions and I... we don't mix.  Generally speaking I avoid them at all costs.  This however is world famous soup, and the entire meal was a gift from my BF who loves them.. so, I tried it.  And I will absolutely order it again!  The soup is sweet and salty, it's simmered for 10 days, and topped with 3 kinds of cheese.   Thing about Berns, they don't half ass anything.  From the soup and salad to service to offering every patron a tour of their kitchen and wine cellar.  They give you nothing but 100% and it shows. Like many have said before, if you know your wine, or just really enjoy drinking it, you must come here.  It is the largest private collection of wine available to a restaurant in the world.   You can order a 1oz pour of a port that dates back to the early 1900s, or a glass of Cotes du Rhone from 1984.  It's that kind of place.   Crazy.  Amazing.  The absolute Best!
One of the best steakhouses in the USA -- but you should to go on a Friday or Saturday for the best kitchen staff. The Porterhouse, NY Strip and Filet are the best cuts in my opinion. And the Harry Waugh Dessert Room is a must; if you skip it, you are not getting the full experience. I recommend the Macadamia Nut Sundae and the Cappuccino Berns. They also have a very extensive and suprisingly reasonable scotch list.
Love Berns! Everything about going here is Great! If you don't want to break the bank just sit at the bar and get the yummy steak sandwich. Marco also pours a mean manhattan. If you are looking for a local institution type dining experience then this is the place for you.
This is definitely an experience. Our food was great, service was great, and the ambiance was generally impressive. There's not much to say that hasn't been covered by the other 400 reviewers, so I'll just give some notes: -Dessert room is pretty legit. It's a separate restaurant, so after you pay your check you're herded through the kitchens or straight upstairs to get a table. The menu isn't as huge as they'd like to pretend, since most of it is booze. But there are definitely some good things on there. I enjoyed the Carmelia crunch and Brown Brazillian Snow ice creams, but they were heavy and I couldn't eat too much. Same with the Cappucino Creme dessert. Oh, and good tea! Always a plus for my husband. -Our server walked this amazing fine line of being very present and helpful but not overbearing and solicitous. That was nice, especially because it's pretty rare. -My husband got a little bit of rare Chateaubriand with his steak, and I swear it was the best thing I've ever eaten. -The kitchen tour was interesting, but you can imagine how rushed and crazy it was. Packed with staff, and buzzing wildly, it was pretty overwhelming. And of course we were hustling through it, because it's a workplace. -I called at 4:45 or so on Friday afternoon and got a reservation for 5. Yeah we were eating crazy early, but if it suits you, then don't get scared off by the "six weeks for a reservation" talk. If I lived in the area, I'd definitely checkout the burger-at-the-bar scene that some of the reviewers have mentioned here. As it is, I think Bern's is a great spot to eat out on vacation or a special occasion. If I were back in the area, I'd probably be more interested in trying other desserts at the Dessert room, rather than coming back for a formal dinner again.
By far the best steakhouse I have ever been to. Bern's is a must.
This place was a truly magnificant experience. I brought my wife for our one year anniversary, and I wasn't prepared for just how fantastic this restaurant was. Gorgeous interior, friendly staff, an incredible menu, great wine selections, and an entirely separate room for their desserts - complete with a personal pianist to play requested music. Simply magical. We ordered the BBQ Rib potato skins as an appetizer, and we were in love right away. Next followed the French onion soup; I'm not a big fan of soup, so I wasn't expecting much. It was absolutely delicious; flavorful, but not too salty - it was amazing. The salad was decidedly mediocre, maybe even bland, but it didn't matter to us much.  The rest of the meal was fine (baked potato, onion strings, green beans), but the steak we ordered completely blew me away. I have never eaten steak as tender, flavorful or as perfectly prepared as this was. Incredible. If you are in the area for whatever reason, and don't mind spending a pretty penny on dinner, then you absolutely have to come here. It is worth every dollar you spend. Can't recommend it enough.
In town for work. Excellent service, excellent food. Tours of the kitchen and wine cellar are great. Dessert room is definitely a must. Wonderful dining experience.
FL, FL, FL---I guess you've never been to NY for steak..or any food in general. Price wise--home run. Whole dinner for the price really based on the size of your steak--yes please! Taste wise--some home runs and some not so much. Chateaubriand was delish and buttery, but the bordelaise sauce was lost in all of the herbs and killed the lemon flavor and the lemon flavor didn't taste fresh--it tasted bottled. The side veggies--no thank you--boiled, flavorless, and not prettily (if that's a word) plated. The veggies were more of an eye sore on the plate. The string onion rings would have been plenty on the plate and they were quite good. French onion soup definitely needed more beef flavor in it. Now let's discuss dessert because THAT WHOLE THING WAS AAAAHHHMAZING! Baked Alaska with a perfect meringue and chocolate macadamia nut ice cream. Also, the coffee was very good as well. Service--definitely great. We had Davon ( I hope I spelled it right) and he was more than anyone could ask for. When a waiter asks what more they can do to make your dining experience more pleasurable, I just want to sing and dance because he really cared. He was hysterical, personable, and 5 star quality. Entertainment---very much so especially with the after dinner tour of kitchen and wine cellar and then separate dessert room which was the best part of the whole experience. Inside decor--weird. A couple rooms were so awesome and others were either no decor or tasteless. When you walk in, the main hall and bar are going for this castle theme it seems and it's just tacky--but I'll give it to them for trying. However, definitely worth a trip because you will have a pretty decent meal at not pocket emptying prices, great service, and entertainment. A for effort.
I have been living in Tampa since 2009. I have had Bern's on my bucket list since then. It took my a little over 3 years, but I finally made it here on my fiancées birthday, thanks in large part to her grandmother inviting us and treating us! Part of what held me back was the cost. If you are going to do Bern's YOU REALLY HAVE TO DO IT AND DO IT BIG! Turns out Bern's (while not cheap) is not as expensive as I anticipated! This place is authentic Tampa and I loved every minute of my experience. We did not have reservations until 8pm on a Thursday. So by the time we finished our meal, we were so satiated that we bailed on our tour of the wine cellar, etc. I know I was supposed to do the dessert room, but we did not want to suck my fiancée's grandmother's bank account too dry! Bern's (from what I understand) grows their own cows, just for our tummys' delight! Everything about it is exceptional, and their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Davor was our server. He was very good. He knew how to do his job and he knew how to do it well. The only critique we had was that he was more of a talker than a listener. We almost felt as if he was pushing the experience on us. But there were no questions he could not answer and overall we were pleased with the service. We just wished he could talk a little less and listen a little more (but I also tend to have trouble learning to do that, so while my fiancée and her grandmother could complain, I was not entitled to be unhappy about that particular characteristic of his). Napa Swanson Merlot was wonderful. That was actually Davor's suggestion. While I do not have the Palma Ceia Country Club etiquette training like my fiancée, I knew that I needed to order a red wine to go with my steak. My problem was that I did not know what red wine. BERN'S WINE LIST IS HUGE!!!!!! Okay, this review is already getting long. I love Filet Mignon, but decided to go with the Chateaubriand...rare warm! It was exquisite! I was very very VERY impressed. French onion soup is spectacular. Our soup tasted as if it was not as fresh as it could be, but we did have an 8pm reservation. It would not surprise me if the soup had been sitting around since 7pm. French dressing on the salad was also amazing. That was also Davor's suggestion. As I noted, he was not short of words or suggestions. He knew how to do his job well. I loved every moment of my Bern's experience. I almost started to think it was my birthday and forgot it was actually my fiancées birthday. Thankfully I did not make that mistake. We left so full that we hardly had room for cake. Hands down, best steak I have ever eaten. I know I will be back and next time I will do the full tour after and dessert room! Bern's is a true Tampa landmark and its guaranteed to satisfy the carnivore in all of us!
It's all the legend you've read about, and more. The decor is absolutely garish, and it doesn't matter. Because the steaks might be the best on the planet, the wines and desserts are breathtaking, and the staff and service is unparalleled. There are three things you can't miss when making your first visit: the kitchen tour, the wine cellar tour, and the dessert room. The Chateaubriand is the way to go, don't even look at the other steaks, and don't let anyone in your party look either. The bigger the order, the better the flavor of the beef, so have everyone order it medium rare (and if you go above medium temp, I hope something tragic befalls you). The wine list is literally the most expansive on planet earth, which is great for perusing, but you're probably better off giving your server a range of what you'd like to spend and what you might enjoy. There's a myth that Bern's is super expensive, but it's actually less than most steakhouses if you subtract the wine. But the wine list so incredible and tempting, many people feel compelled to end up spending five figures on a meal for them. Don't worry, you can still get a nice bottle to accompany your steak at a very reasonable price. It's the rare restaurant where if you've worked as a waiter before, you'll never get hired. And that's because they want to train you their way. There's a legendary story of a server that was at the service bar holding for his drinks, and he popped an olive in his mouth while waiting. Someone in management saw him, and when his paycheck came, the price of that one olive was deducted from his pay. I don't know if the story is true or not, but when you see the attention to detail at Bern's, you'd understand why it might be. It is a restaurant that is the pride of a city, and should be experienced by everyone that truly loves food.
If you want to eat an unforgettable meal, do not make the mistake of going somewhere else. Please do yourself a favor and save room for dessert! If you screw that up at least get a dessert wine, I highly recommend the Sauternes.
Dry aged beef flawlessly prepared. The Soup, Salad and sides were executed perfectly. The cheeses,  the desert room, the coffee they roast in-house daily I could go on and on Our waiter was perfect. You have to take the kitchen and wine cellar tour. Burns is a landmark for good reason and does not disappoint. Whenever I meet people there impression of burns is that it is very expensive. Considering what you get for your money, in my opinion its an excellent value.
I've been to Bern's 3 times. Not because I like it...because I'm trying to figure out what its lofty reptuation is based on. First of all, the interior design has all the taste and subtlety of a brothel. The meat is fine but nothing to compare to the steak joints in New York or Las Vegas. Last time I was there they didn't even have wagyu beef as an option. The wine list is impressively vast, no question, but that's not enough to justify the extreme reverence for this place. The dessert room is kind of interesting, and the desserts are good, but again nothing to get down on your knees for. So count me out as a fan. I realize I'm in the minority. I guess you could call this my "Bern notice".
Was in Tampa visiting a client and asked them where I should dine.  Hands down, unanimous, 21-gun-salute recommendation for Bern's from everyone in the room.  I am actually a restaurant/hospitality consultant and travel extensively visiting food pros, so thought the recommendation would be sterling.  My vice is treating myself to an indulgent high-end meal (usually steak) when on the road. Everyone suggested Bern's because the service was supposedly astronomical.  I called for a reservation.  The man on the phone was curt.  He told me my best option for a one-top was to arrive early (he suggested 5pm) and secure a place at the bar.  I don't like eating at the bar, but decided to take my chances.  I arrived at 6pm to a nearly empty restaurant.  Why would he have discouraged me from coming in?? I must say that the service is FAR overrated.  From the moment I arrived until the moment I left, every Bern's employee displayed the same type of service and "hospitality" that one would find at the neighborhood casual chain (no offense, chains).   Gaggle of gossiping hostesses at the door who can't even be bothered to interrupt their conversations to say "hello" to a guest walking in the door?  Check. Slow, inattentive server who was barely going through her "steps of service" (how is everything... OK?)?  Check.  BTW from what I saw, she had a section of 8 tables in the lounge for dinner, how well could she POSSIBLY serve?   Never saw a manager.  Never saw a sommelier.  Never spoken to or engaged by anyone other than my server (and then only to move the process along).  Never even OFFERED dessert, let alone alerted to the presence of a DESSERT ROOM?  Never offered a kitchen or wine "tour."  Basically just processed the way I would be at the local diner. They have A LOT of nerve stating that they automatically add a 12% service charge "in lieu of a salary" for servers, then not-so-subtly have the server tell you that gratuities are appreciated above that amount.  So 2 tips for average service, so that you can save on your labor costs?  Never again. Steak was OK.  Salad and soup OK.  Have had better of both at Ruth's Chris and Capital Grill. I give 2 stars rather than 1 for the seared Foe Gras and the truly remarkable white truffle creamed corn.
Bern' s IS THE BEST. I have never had a bad experience in over 10 visits to Bern's. No review I could write could do it justice, so let me just stick with the basics. 1. Go Early. Bern's is a 3-4 hour experience, so get an early reservation. 2. Take the Kitchen and Wine Cellar Tour. Biggest private wine collection in the world. 3. Go to the Desert Room after dinner. Follow these 3 steps and you can't lose at Bern's.
I was meeting a business associate in Tampa FL earlier this year. We were looking for a decent steak house for dinner and the locals highly and strongly recommended Bern's Steak House. There were so many people who talked up this restaurant that we decided to make reservations and dine there. We were told to ensure that we took their wine cellar tour. Sounded great and off we went to Bern's. As we were approaching the establishment we noticed that this restaurant was not located in a decent area. We decided to overlook this and handed the car to the valet. There was an impressive line of cars trying to get in the restaurant's lot. We then thought that that was the place to be and how lucky we were to be there. Everyone was rushing to dine at Bern's. This must be and better be good. The dining area had a classy look and feel to it. No problem there. We were seated on time as per our reservations. We immediately ordered a decent bottle of Merlot from their massive wine list. Their wine cellar is huge and the waiter promised us a tour of the facility after dinner. We accepted. We ordered our respective dinners (Steak and Vegetable side dishes). Soon after we tasted it. I had gotten caught with all the hype about how good their steak is and how out of this world are the side dishes etc. NOT EVEN CLOSE. I have dined all over the country and the steak at Bern's was less than average. Maybe it was an off night as the restaurant completely failed to wow me. Side dishes were just ordinary. There is nothing to write about as far as the main course is concerned. We skipped dessert and took the facility tour. Yes, the wine cellar was extremely impressive. The guided tour was well organized as we had several other patrons alongside. We even learned the history of the origins of the Steak House. Very interesting and entertaining. Bottom line is that the food was ordinary for a renowned steak house. The restaurant tour and especially the wine cellar was extraordinary.
This was our first visit to this restaurant and in a nutshell - OK, but not our idea of a gourmet meal and fine dining experience. It started when we entered the restaurant and a number of young hostesses talked to each other and only slowly acknowledged us. We were led to our table which was in an overcrowded and - to put it mildly - dingy room with ghastly decor. The ceiling tiles looked like they were almost falling out and obviously have been there since opening 50 years plus - they should invest some of their monies in a renovation. The overall impression of the restaurant was one of darkness  - a table next to us used a flashlight to look at the menu.The waitress was ok but there were long lapses between our courses. The amuse bouche, or whatever it was supposed to be,  reminded me of Hardtacks from the British Navy - inedible. The steaks were ok but nothing  special, the accompanying french onion  soup was a disaster - lukewarm and watery with a glob of cheese - and the salad was ok but clearly had been prepared some time ago - limp lettuce etc. The whole process reminded us of a carefully orchestrated show but without any fine dining pretensions. The room  was crowded and quite noisy and not conducive to an intimate dinner. After our dinner we took the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar . The kitchen clearly is not something you would see in  a fine dining establishment where the personal touch of an inventive and creative  chef is felt - this is an assembly line - my wife called it cafeteria style. The wine cellar is impressive and we would like to live in it for a week or so to enjoy some of the rarer choices. The upstairs desert rooms are interesting and I was able to enjoy some calvados. Overall, this is an old style restaurant that is resting on its laurels - if you want a "bigger is better" restaurant with standard steak house fare in a carefully orchestrated environment than this is the place for you. By the way, don't worry about the dress code as shown on their web site. When we were there most men  did not wear a jacket and my wife said I was the only one she saw with a tie.
This place is expensive but you get every cent worth in quality and service. The desert room is definitely worth experiencing. I got the most delicious dessert that had an assortment of treats including a blondiie brownie as one of them. The tour of the kitchen and cellar was very interesting, had a creepy haunted feel to it. The decor is a little weird and dated but in this case it gives it character.
What can you say about this place that hasn't been said?  But even so, I have to try.  Bern's is still my absolute favorite steakhouse anywhere.  We returned on Saturday night after three years of absence, and it was still the same old wonderfully trashy place.  We were even able to get the same server we had from three years ago, and she remembered us! Despite my determination to eat lobster for dinner, my husband was leaning hard towards splitting a Chateaubriand, so I went for the Ceviche appetizer, which came out in a martini glass accompanied with a popcorn-corn nut garnish.  I was instructed to eat the popcorn-nut mixture in between bites of seafood to ensure a clean finish and cut through the tomato-lime-chili marinade.  I followed that up with their soup tasting trio, which is about 3 oz. of their french onion soup, a delicious vichysoisse, and their killer lobster bisque.  (Hint: If you get the tasting, eat the bisque first, since it's most likely to cool off if you wait.  I realized belatedly that vichysoisse is supposed to be chilled, and the french onion soup comes out with an insulating layer of cheese broiled on top.) I ordered a tropical fruit salad next, which is more than enough salad for two.  Between the first three courses, I had a very difficult time trying to eat my steak, even though the server kindly gave most of it to my husband, and I couldn't make heads or tails of dessert, obliged to sip ice wine and leave the baklava untouched.  I was able to eat their intriguing version of "ice cream," which turned out to be shaved ice and honey.  It's very good, but skip it if you don't have a serious sweet tooth.   One interesting thing that I keep noticing about reviews of Bern's on Yahoo is that patrons who were around since its original opening insist that quality has noticeably gone down.  If the quality is dropping on this place, you'd be hard pressed to tell.  Best three pounds gained in one sitting ever!
I have been to Bern's about 5 times, and every time I have been thoroughly satisfied. This place has mastered the idea of growing and supplying a self sustaining restaurant. It it truly delicious. I love the idea of them having their own farm. The service is elegant and very high class. The only minor blunder with them is that it costs a large chunk of money. The salads are very flavorful and have lots of color to them as well as homemade dressings to compliment them. The soups are delicious, although they are quite small. The entrees are always cooked to perfection, whether it is a steak, or one of their prime cuts of fish. The service is pretty solid, and they make you feel like you are in charge which I tend to like. The dessert room is a separate place from where you have your dinner, and it is utterly remarkable. It is a romantic room, perfect for date nights, with dim lighting and very personal booths. It is a great place to experience. The desserts are also very delectable and the Bananas Foster is my personal favorite. Everything here is well done, and all the staff members are friendly and knowledgeable, what is there not to like about Bern's Steak House in Tampa, Florida!
Best dining experience I've ever had!!! :))) Be sure to come with empty tummies! You'll leave with an overly filled one ;) And be sure to go to the desert room after! We got the Bern's sampler, and it was amazing. Best two were the banana cheese and the macadamia nut! :) It's pricey, but SO worth it.
Bern's is such an amazing experience. This is such a treat from the moment you enter the door. The place looks like a castle not what you would expect from the outside. The service is top notch and the food is served with great detail and fabulous flavors. You can tell that they have perfected preparing each plate. A must is a tour of not only the entire kitchen while staff is in full on show time! And to top it off and amazing what seems like endless wall to wall ceiling to floor tour of the wine cellar. Wow! Never seen anything like it. I could sure lounge around in their. Ha! Ok but wait there's more...the Dessert Room! Oh me oh my! I love the seating and the romantic lightening along with the pianist and the on request music :) such an experience to enjoy with great friends and or family too.
This establishment took eating to an all new level, our waiter Phillip, was excited about us being new customers and took time to explain all the details, Cesar was made at the table and meat was perfect, melt in your mouth.  We went upstairs for dessert and sat in a private room with piped in live music and had the best dessert that has ever crossed my lips! This restaurant was amazing and we will be back again! Great way to celebrate 11 years married!
The best of the best in every way. Bern's is a frontrunner on my list of top notch dining experiences, and I have had the good fortune to live in numerous seriously foodie cities (and the foolishness / good sense to spend a large amount of my disposable income on fine dining and everflowing wine) I was lucky enough to come here with one regular who'd been coming since he was 10 years old, so our service was absolutely phenomenal and warm. I didn't order, the server (Drew) just said "I'll bring you guys a little bit of everything". He also chose our wine - not sure what it was, but it was of course amazing. First of all, the decor and layout are amazing. to me it seemed like some kind of topsy turvy Victorian mansion or Beetlejuice's house. Like tall narrow anteroom with portraits of medieval-looking people going all the way up to the ceiling. As I remember it, we ate: -Huge homemade potato chips with pepper with black truffle creme fraiche dip -Crackers and a three cheese blend -French onion soup and garlic / honey crackers -Cobb salad with 20 year old basalmic vinaigrette (what..) -Filet mignon (some of my table had top sirloin or lamb t-bone) -Baked potato with the works -Banana cream pie -Macademia nut chocolate -Bern's coffee - they roast the coffee beans themselves with a totally old school roaster I would recommend all of it. Try to save room to go upstairs to the dessert room if you can.. I personally was stuffed and we had dessert downstairs. if possible, get a tour of the kitchen + wine cellar. Their oldest wine is an 1815 Madeira port if you have a few thousand dollars and a hankering for an almost 200 year old bottle. Truly a dining experience and a do not miss if you're from out of town. I might actually make reservations for tomorrow night.
Of all the restaurants I have ever been to in my life, few can measure up to the kind of experience that this place gave me. Not that the food was really anything special. Décor, was actually quite overdone. Service was very good. But none of that is what I am talking about. It is the production that makes this place so truly one of a kind. It is like the restaurant version of the movie "Titanic." Nothing special at it's core, but impressive as the sum of its massive parts. To help you better understand, please, sit down, pull up a chair, and prepare to hear about the restaurant equivalent of Disney on steroids. First, let's start with the dining rooms, of which there are too many to count. Each with a different theme, each the size of a small restaurant, sprawling throughout several floors of this mansion. This even includes a dessert room. Yes, an entire dining room solely dedicated to sweets. We had the bananas foster, which was really quite good. But that's not important right now... On to the wine list, or shall I say, an only slightly smaller version of "War and Peace." Yes, the wine list is the largest thing you will ever see at any restaurant in the world. This is not an exaggeration.  They have bottles ranging from $30 a bottle to $100,000 and a wine cellar double the size of most houses. But that's only the beginning, because across the street there is a hotel with the top two floors rented out, gutted and also stuffed with wine. Then comes the kitchen. Now, I've been on many a kitchen tour, but to see this is akin to standing before the Grand Canyon, you simply feel small and insignificant.  Towering in the center of this football field-sized kitchen is a cylindrical lobster tank bigger than you might find at most major aquariums. Steel tables stretch out in every direction with an army of plates lined up for departure. Waiters and cooks and chefs are abuzz with their various tasks as you snake back to the meat locker where countless cuts of aged beef are stored. If you should ever have the opportunity to dine here, please beg for the kitchen tour. You will never forget it. The meal, maybe. But never the tour.
My hearts a Bernin!!! Well hot damn what an exciting place to be and yet from the outside you would never know the magic you are about to step into! One step through the door and you know you aren't in just any fancy place...brothel maybe with the red velvet dark vampire feel but I loved it! Its like Dracula's castle walking down the halls not knowing which room you are going to eat in. And seriously I saw people in jeans and tshirts eating here so the strict dress code isn't so strict (that was a disappointment I guess lol). The shrimp app was so fresh and crisp. The variety of fresh made on site salad dressings were very impressive, so I went with the exotic vanilla bean something something which was really good. The CHATEAUBRIAND was recommended by the waiter since it was my 1st time and it was very good not the very very best but great. The truffle mac and cheese was damn good also. The service you could tell was old school and this is a career for them...lovin it. So we took the tour. WOW WOW WOW...you MUST take the tour. The new kids start off in the kitchen mopping floors and giving people like me the tours for 2 years before they come a waiter, now that's dedication. Every company should make their employees start with the floors...great appreciation. The kid was soo professional and knowledgable...incredible. The kitchen is HUGE and has 50-60 working in back every night. I was impressed with the sprouts they grow in the kitchen in a few days LOL and that they have their own bar in the kitchen for dinner drinks. Kids just making drinks in the kitchen never to been seen...now that's behind the scenes. And the wine guys are in a whole other area pouring wine from behind a wire cage  (cell) of sorts and below them is the master piece of wino heaven! They have the largest private collection in the world and they let us take pics! Sooooooo impressive! I want one...a wine cellar like that that is. It was so well organized and they have another facility that holds more wine than that...sheeeesh. After this we made the stop upstairs for dessert in something that looks like a private train car with your own music selections and glass doors to hide behind. The cinnamon ice cream was great, but the apple pie was cold boooo...oh well you can't have it all. Keep on Bernin...I will be back!
What an experience! As soon as you walk in you realize, there is definitely something different about this place. I wouldn't mind just sitting in the waiting area, and oogling all the interesting pieces in that room, but we were quickly seated. Our waiter was very kind, and had been working at Bern's for so many years. I hear they don't have much turnover there. He was very knowledegable, and was able to answer all of our questions about the cuts of beef, and the GIGANTIC wine list. I wasn't blown away by our meal, but it was great. They guys really enjoyed their meals too. We did take the wine and kitchen tour, which was incredible. It was so cool to see behind the scenes there, and learn all about Bern's huge collection of wines, which is actually the largest collection in the entire world. After dinner we went to the....::::drum roll::::..... dessert room! OMG! I wish we had started at the Harry Waugh Dessert Room! Everything we had was absolutely incredible. They have almost 50 different types of desserts, and nearly 1,000 wines and after dinner drinks. I don't know why since it's not like me, but for some reason I want to get a bunch of my girls together in formal gowns and just head to the dessert room one evening for dessert and drinks. Did I mention you get your OWN room? Outstanding!
The negative reviewers here must be cursed with very bad luck. This was the best meal I have ever had. The steak was perfectly cooked and everything down to the basic house salad with house-made Ranch was impeccable. Our waiter Owen had 20+ years of experience. He made a very good wine recommendation and was friendly without being too chummy or familiar. We did the dessert room after and had some of the best ice cream ever with excellent cognac and coffee roasted on the premises. The only thing I lament about the experience was the trash that decided to have a $100+ a head steak dinner in flip flops and shorts. These folks looked under-dressed for a trip to Western Sizzlin, much less one of the best steak houses on earth. But, in a down economy,  I guess Bern's needs to pay the bills, even if it means allowing the cast of Jerry Springer in to dine alongside the imperial wonder that is me.
I don't eat steak. So, why did you go to a steak restaurant you might ask. Well, my very good friend's mom was in town, so we all decided it might be fun to try this hot spot in South Tampa. It's this place that you supposedly just HAVE to go to. Well, the decor is horrendous - it's like an old bordeaux. Think red velvet and heavy drapes...vary dark and sort of haunted house like. However, we ate in the cozy bar area and had a wonderful meal. The drinks were great, and the service was fine. The part that impressed me the most, though, was the kitchen tour - the facts that they give you are absolutely astonishing. Their wine cellar is amazing. I would be a happy clam if I got trapped in their wine cellar. You'd never see me again. The dessert room upstairs was pretty cool, too - although for some reason it's also sort of creepy. I guess you kind of just have to go to see what it's all about. Until you see it in person, you don't really get it. Overall, though, I didn't think the food was that great....I think it does so well simply because it's been there forever and there aren't very many great restaurants in Tampa. I know I am spoiled having grown up in New Orleans, but it's sad because you really have to struggle to think of a place to eat in Tampa. In my opinion, Bern's is neat because of the history and culture....but not because of the food. Even my husband, an avid steak eater, was not overly impressed.
This was the best restaurant experience I have ever had in Tampa and probably ever. We started off with two cheeses which you pay for by the ounce. We had the Manchego and the Caciotta al Tartufo. Both were amazing but the real star was the Manchego and the truffle honey it came with. I dreamt of that combination even that night. I have already decided that I would be extremely obese if I went to Bern's often. We ordered the Chateaubriand 14 oz steak for two-medium rare. This was the best steak I have ever had, just melted in my mouth. After touring the kitchen, we realized these steaks are cared for better than most people and are aged for 5-8 weeks. Every bite was amazing. Along with the steak for two, we each were served a salad(much of the veggies from their own organic farm), french onion soup-so so good. The cheese melted on top was perfect and had just the right amount of crust. The wines I ordered were fabulous as well with my favorite being the Hamilton Russell 2010, Pinot Noir, Hemel-en-Aarde Vly., South Africa. This was one I researched on my own to find out how it was rated against the others. The wine menu us huge and can be quite daunting if you don't do some research beforehand. (they have over half a million bottles of wine) The service was the best it could have been, they even get your potato ready for you to add butter to it. We were there for around 3 hours, we toured the wine cellar, kitchen, cheese cave and had some dessert in the dessert room. The dessert room(floor) has the best lighting and a very romantic/intimate ambiance. We were seated next to live pianist. The macadamia nut ice cream is amazing and you must order it with whatever you get.   This is a really long review but it is so hard to put  our experience in words. Is it pricey? Umm, yes but definitely worth every penny. Do research on the steaks and wine before you go or you will be lost.
I don't care how many people review this place.  It's so good I have to put my two cents into this review.   You're greeted by a decent-sized "lobby" of sorts that's a little bit off-putting with it's Spanish Armada-like decor with it's red velvet-accented dark wood furniture, red brocade wallpaper and portraits of important Europeans of the Edwardian/Victorian/whatever older times era in guilded gold art frames.  Reservations are a must to get prompt seating at this place.  My husband and I made reservations at 6 and within 0.5-1 hour the place was packed.   It took my husband and I a long time to order since we had a lot to read through with their food menu, their wines-by-the bottle menu and their wines-by-the-glass menu.  I was impressed not only with the pages upon pages of appetizers, soups and salads they offered by the pages upon pages of notes on not only the recommended sizes and cuts of beef they offer but the recommendations of sauces and crusts you can get alongside your meat.  It's good to come into this having an idea with what you want, because all info you get from this menu can be overwhelming to the novice steak eater.  While they do offer non-beef entrees that look equally appealing, unless you don't care for or eat beef, steaks are the best bet here.   While some people can be put off for the price of this place, in all honestly it's not that bad for the quality of steak you're getting and what it comes with.  A steak entree comes with a small French onion soup (which is good if you like French soup - I personally find it too salty for my taste), a side salad with your choice of vinagrette (my vanilla macadamia nut was sweet and creamy while my husband's citrus vinagrette was lighter and tangy sweet), your steak with sides of carrots almondine, grilled green beans and a pile of deliciously fried and salted onion rings.  And the price you pay for this depends on the cut and size of the steak you order.  My strip sirloin was the best I've ever had with the right amount of doneness and very tender.  It was so tender I didn't need the chimichurri sauce I ordered with it (though it was tasty yet a little on the too oily side).  While filet mignon is supposed to be the best cut around there, I found some places not cook it properly or get cuts that are shy of great.  Though I have to say my husband's filet was the best I've ever had with the right doneness and well-complemented with the sautee onion crust.   Your dinner bill can escalate to massive proportions depending on how much of their wine you get.  For what you get, the price is well worth it sampling from a wide selection of the best wines you can get in the area from the most well-knowledgeable wine collector around.  You know whatever wine you get here is of quality and best if you know what you're looking for.   We tried a glass each of different German rieslings from the glass menu that was excellent.  They were different in taste but overall amazing.  Instead of ordering a bottle of one of those wines like we should have, we ordered a 1969 Austrian riesling that was pleasantly palatable for wine with a weird leather-like aftertaste.  Those costed us a pretty penny, but it was well worth it for the quality of product.  One thing I'm glad they did is they printed the glasses and bottles of wines we tried on our dining receipt so we can buy the same bottle when we go home.   The dining experience is not completely without a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  I love the attentiveness of the dining experience in how they offer the tour behind the scenes of how your food is prepared and made.  I am especially impressed with the tour of the wine cellar with its millions of bottles (some worth millions of dollars if not priceless).  The icing on the cake is the optional dessert where they take you to a different part of the restaurant where they seat you in barrel-looking booths with your own music and another menu of wines, appertifs and desserts.  Let's just say the quality of service, wine and food here match those of the main dining room.  Try the Guanija Framboise Macadamia Nut Decadence (both the waiter and I debated how to pronounce the first word), the almond-flavored cafe con leches and the Iinniskillin dessert wine sampler and you'll leave full and happy. Amazing food, great selection of food and wine, and great attentive service.  THE PLACE in the Tampa Bay area where you can have this experience.  A first-class experience one must have one point or another in your life.
The experience was night and day from the first night I ate at Berns.  Kurt S was our server and was knowledgable and willing to give our table the best information on the specials and his suggestions on the menu.  I ended up ordering the Surf & Turf and the Filet was cooked a perfect Chargrilled Medium Rare.  Everything from the appetizers to the drinks and the entrees were perfectly timed and have no complaints whatsoever.
I've eaten at the best steakhouses in both New York and DC and Bern's stands with any of them. From the first bite of my appetizer, the maple dijon dressing was great, to the perfectly cooked steak and sides, the mushrooms brian made this avowed mushroom-hater into a lover, to the unique dessert room, everything was fantastic. Personal service from the extremely knowledgeable staff made the whole evening. Next time I'm in Tampa, I will surely make a trip to Bern's.
I just went to Bern's Steakhouse to really find out what all the hype was. I had dinner at another restaurant, and made sure to save my appetite for the desert in the Henry Waugh Dessert Room.   This place is impeccable. A rich history, and theme about this place is what I love so very much. The details and decorations r unexplainable, and it is more of a place that you must just go to experience for sure. I felt like I was in a classic castle.  We took a bunch of pictures of beautiful accents of gold, beautiful old portraits, etc.   Once we got to the Dessert Room, it was something that we had never imagined. Each booth was shaped like a wine barrel. Inside you had an old style radio where you clicked buttons to get to the type of music that you wanted.  You also had an old style phone to call the musician. Each wall in your area had pictures of 1700's recipes.   We ordered one desert of a trio of chocolate cakes with liquid fillings, with ice cream on the side. The desserts really were not too expensive considering the price of the menu of the steakhouse.  It is definitely a place to go to if you just want drinks and dessert. I truly felt like I was in a different world, and it was just so amazing. It really made the ending of my anniversary night very memorable. I will be back here, and hopefully will be back soon to try the amazing steaks that they have. I really truly see what all the hype is just from checking out the Dessert room. In addition, make sure to take the wine cellar tour. Just imagine 100,000 bottles of wine in one place, and one bottle of wine costing $30,000. You can ask all the questions that you want.  The weird part was that you actually wait in the kitchen while waiting to take the tour, but it is great. I was wondering where Gordon Ramsey was to monitor the kitchen, but he was not there:-). I will definitely be back.  Even just the Dessert Room more than exceeded my expectations. Again, the place from the outside is extremely modest, and when you go inside it's a whole different world!
Great food for a great price! You get what you pay for, not that expensive at all considering everything you get with the meal. Excellent customer service.  The tour and dessert room are a must as well!
Overrated, expensive Tourist Trap.   Yes, it's a legend (in the owners' eyes at least).  Yes, they've famously got lots of wines.  Yes, folks wait in line to get in.  The food is passing grade--at best.  The service is cloying.  They charge too much for the fine wines.  I guess once-upon-a-time it was a big deal, but the national steakhouse chains--which didn't exist when this relic opened--are better than this place.   It's a new world out there! Maybe you could take Aunt Flossie to this place for her 80th birthday and she'll be impressed (unless the decor reminds her of a French whorehouse).  Then again, if she's from Chicago, NYC or South Florida she'll think it's just a has-been from her youth.
I  know that Bern's has become a staple for anyone that lives in or comes to Tampa but in all honesty it really is not all that, not for the price any way, My wife and I went for our 10th anniversary since in the years that we have lived here we had never experienced. We did the reservation as to not leave ourselves to chance but even with that it was a good 45 minute wait for our table. I had heard nothing but great things about the steaks so of course I had to order the 24 oz bone in  NY Strip because if you can cook a large steak to my specifications (Medium Rare) then that is half the battle. Well in the long run it was actually Medium and wasn't really that great. We were seated at a very open table (even though the request had been submitted for an intimate booth as it was our anniversary) with metal chairs that you would find in your Grandmother's back Garden. The wine list is a bit overwhelming and the our waiter wasn't very knowledgeable and just pushed the first thing our way over $50. Lastly, we were escorted to the Desert room and instead of the intimate booth we were placed in the piano room with a bunch of drunks. So, with all this being said, I believe that there are much better steaks to be found in Tampa and to drop $200 plus on a meal and to be underwhelmed was very disappointing. The only true highlight was the tour of the Wine room. This is not a wine cellar but they actually have some of the most amazing wines ever seen and the room is huge so this part was really worth it.
The dining experience was lacking. The staff was not up to the standards of fine dining. Our waiter touch our silverware, food and hovered uncomfortable over our shoulder. We watched as he made a Cesar salad table side for the table next to us.  His fingers and hands touched the lettuce and croutons many times. I was really taken back by this. The food was nothing to get excited about. The only thing that sets this place apart is the huge selection of fine wines and the intimate setting in the dessert room.  That is why I gave it four stars it would be a three if it was just based onthe  dinner service.
I know Bern's is legendary and has a lot of hype surrounding it, but let me break down why I only gave it 3 stars. First - the atmosphere: downstairs reminded me of a tacky gothic castle / labyrinth. When you look closely most of the decorations were very dusty and the red carpet is ghastly. upstairs (the dessert room) is elegant, private and romantic. I wish we could eat our dinner in the dessert room instead, would have been a better experience. Second- the bathrooms: I always wash up before eating and I had a hard time navigating through the labyrinth to find the restrooms. It did not help that the doors are painted black to match the walls. Once it was located I was taken aback - they were not classy at all and pretty dirty. The toilets looked like an old age home and had electric saran wrap over the seats. While I appreciate Bern's trying to be sanitary, a nice toilet seat and paper toilet seat cover dispenser would be a nicer touch. Third- the FOOD: wine selection was great, the toast was yummy, French onion soup was greasy but flavorful, my salad with creamy Italian dressing was delish, my husbands blue cheese dressing was not good, my filet was tender and good but nothing to rave about, my husbands porterhouse was chewy in parts but overall great and the aged flavor really came through. The sides included with our steaks were shredded carrots which were not good and felt more like a garnish, green beans which were crisp and tasty, onion rings which were very good and a baked potato (we got ours full loaded) which was delicious. For dessert I had an amazing glass of port but my husbands café con leche was too milky. I had the baked Alaska which tasted overwhelmingly of alcohol because the waitress should have used less and flambéed it more. The meringue on top was way too thick , and I usually love meringue. My husbands crème Brule was a huge disappointment too, it was watery and not set up at all. Last - the tour: go if you must, but if you are self aware of health code violations it may make you cringe a bit. For example, the garbage cans buy the food prep stations were caked in old food debris and god knows what else. Even though the health inspection report was good (I always check them before I dine anywhere) the tour made me question the cleanliness of this establishment. The wine cellar tour was great though and very interesting. My final thoughts on Bern's is that it is not worth all the hype, but it is a good restaurant to eat at on special occasions or if you a rich because the prices are pretty ridiculous. It was worth the experience and I am glad I tried it - we may go back and order differently next time.
Good Morning Class!  Today we are taking a field trip to Bern's the venerable Tampa steakhouse.  Please be on your best behavior! At Bern's you must read their textbook-like menu.  You may think you know everything there is to know about steak, but you will soon realize that you don't.  The menu at Bern's is not a textbook, but it is packed with useful, important information. But first lets review the list of appetizers, all categorized in sections like "Fish and Shellfish", "Beef", "Poultry", "Fois Gras" and "Vegetables'.  You could easily construct a filling meal from the appetizers listed here.  Class, from this list, you will begin to understand offering appetizers is not simply a way to pad the customers bill, it is an opportunity to satisfy the customer with a wide variety of culinary experiences early in the dinner.  Maybe there is a little showing off here, but why should we complain about that? Next you have a full page of Caviars.  I have personally never seen this at any restaurant.   I hope you have brought your lunch money, class, because they have a caviar from Iran that will cost $220.00! Then they have the Soups and the Salad section, which compared with the Appetizers and the Caviars, is a short list.  Everything does look tempting though.  They also have a list of A La Carte Vegetables, which really look good. Before you start constructing your wish list of the above items, you come to the Entrees, where they let you know that your entree includes French onion soup, steak house salad, baked potato, onion rings and vegetables!  Class, you may consider not ordering all the other tempting stuff because so much comes with your entree! Let's get to the reason Bern's exists in the first place, the Steaks.  The menu devotes an entire page educating you on their cuts of meat.  Class, you must read this and understand it, as there will be a test.  There are sections for Filet Mignon, Chateaubriand, Strip Sirloin, Porterhouse, Delmonico, Porterhouse, and T-Bone.  They will describe where the cut comes from, how best to prepare it, and ways they have made modifications to the cut to benefit your dining experience. Your education will continue as you learn about the aging process and it's effect on the meat.  You will be lectured about the details of "how would you like your steak broiled?"  You thought the choices were Rare, Medium and Well?  Think again class, as Bern's presents a matrix with many levels of preparedness, and how it changes depending on the thickness of the meat. And you thought one matrix in a restaurant menu was enough?  There is another matrix for you to read.  This one goes through each cut of meat, and educates you with categories listing the weight, thickness, number of people it could serve and the price. The four people at my table all ordered the Delmonico, a rib-eye.  There were different weights and different levels of doneness.  The waitress even asked us if we would like to fat trimmed or left on for more flavor.  I was the only one who had the fat trimmed, but there was no lacking flavor.  This was one of the best steaks I have ever had!  The sides that were included were as follows, french onion soup, excellent; baked potato, average; onion rings, great,; vegetables, okay; salad, very nice. The menu has more food offerings, lamb, veal, pork, chicken, fish and lobster.  Class you can read this for extra credit, but you won't be tested on these sections as this is a Steakhouse! After we finish our Steakhouse dining experience, we will take a tour of the huge kitchen as all paying customers get to do.  Someone on their staff will show us all the various areas for preparation including the area where they grow the bean sprouts from seeds from England.  The ten day old grown beansprouts are then put on your salad.   We will then get a tour of their wine cellar, which has endless cubby holes with dusty bottles of wine.  Another educated fellow, a wine steward will give us the tour and answer any of our silly questions about wine.  He will also shine a flashlight on a locked up $30,000 bottle of wine from 1947 that is one of only ten known bottles in the world. No steakhouse experience is complete without dessert.  At Bern's, they take you to a private room on the second floor for a wide variety of desserts, cheeses, liqueurs to top off the dinner.   In conclusion, class, please take notes, pay attention to everyone who talks to you for they have something profound to say, taste everything they put in front of you, enjoy the people around you and try to understand how all you have learned will help you become a more interesting person because you ate at Bern's.
Living in Tampa we had never been to Bern's.  I travel all over and tell people I'm from Tampa and I get 2 questions, have you been to Bern's and why are there so many st**p clubs in that town!?  We did Bern's on New Years Eve.  This doesn't need a long review, because everything was awesome!  Wife and I split a Porterhouse and it was amazing.  Everything was amazing.  And for a packed night like NYE...they knew how to manage people.  Next time I'm walking around the place more.  Did I mention this place is absolutely amazing?!
An experience not to be missed! You have to go, at least once, and you have to do it right. First of all, make reservations and dress to impress. It's not possible to overdress and if you don't you'll get sat in one of the crowded casual lounge rooms instead of one of the gorgeous dining rooms and you'll get a mediocre server with too many tables. Order steak, it's what they do best, and order a large steak for the whole table, not individual entrees or cuts. Come hungry because your steak will come with far more food than you could possibly eat and don't eat it all because you can't miss dessert. If you know wine then this is the time to splurge as the list is unmatched and the values are on the high end of the list. Take the tour of the kitchen and the cellar, it's part of the experience. You HAVE to do dessert, I don't care how full you are and have a Madeira with it, you'll never see a selection like theirs. Yes, it's old fashioned, yes, there is a lot of hype, but there's hype for a reason and there really isn't any other place or experience like this. Go for the experience, come back for the wine and dessert.
With currently 290+ reviews and 4.5 stars its pretty clear this Tampa institution knows how to provide perfect service and fabulously delicious food.   We've visited many times and are never disappointed. Five of us had dinner on a busy Saturday night and our reserved table was waiting.  They are known for their excellent wine selection & cellar (first timers take the tour) but I had a Vodka Martini with their in-house stuffed Blue Cheese olives - there are none better.  It was served in a glass with a small chip in the rim - quickly replaced by our waiter with a double and an apology.   We all shared a large Steak Tartare served with crispy flavored toast, onions and capers.  This is a strange food to many but made more acceptable with the popularity of Sushi; Bern's knows their beef and nobody makes it better. Dinners include a delicious onion soup gratin, salad, and vegetable of the day, potato and onion straws.  I don't recall from prior visits but the soup is served in a small stainless bowl rather than crockery.  Bern's is a volume upscale restaurant - I imagine these bowls are easier to clean (cheese stuck on the rim) and of course less prone to breakage, but that bowl makes it have the catered affair feel.  Salad that's good but nothing extraordinary is served with individual dressing pitchers of in-house made dressing. Steaks here are ordered by your desired thickness and weight.  A few had fillets while others had Chateaubriand.  Each was cooked perfectly and outstandingly delicious.  I ordered mine with a side of Béarnaise sauce; totally unnecessary but sooo delicious. Fresh vegetables adorned the plate along with a nice loaded baked potato, the onion straws served thin, crispy and hot could not be better. Dessert is only available in the upstairs dessert room and the server always seems to advise they've made arrangements for a table there.  It's fun and an attractive part of the overall experience but we skipped it this visit.  The dessert room, wine cellar tour and kitchen tour (all interesting) are clever ways to move and turn the tables.  I admire the tactic as you never feel rushed, but this is a business and they have four hours or so to serve as many dinners as possible.   Since my last visit they have instituted a mandatory 12% service charge (referred to as your servers "salary") along with a suggestion of adding an additional tip if you're pleased.  This is a 20% tip joint as the service is impeccable. Valet parking is $5.00 with a sign stating a tip is not included.  A park yourself guarded lot is half a block away.   This is a must visit as it has to be one of the great steak houses in the world; decide if the interior is kitschy, beautiful, unique, or with its red velvet walls, busts and oil paintings a 1900's house of ill repute.   Go for the food and have fun along the way!
It's far and few between when I find a place worthy of give stars but honestly this is a fantastic place. Berns retains all the charms of a classic steak house circa 1970 and yet doesn't feel outdated. To the contrary this is the place to be. Their steak is perfectly aged and seasoned to the point of melting in your mouth. Truly a great experience.
Bern's is such a classic! Love eating here!! Love, love, love their escargot. If you're in Tampa, Bern's is a must!
Bern's Is Best From Presidents to Dignitaries - Chef's to Celebrities .... there's a reason they all eat here.  Ask for a tour of the rooms reserved for the list above.  One of the oldest Steakhouses in the Country with one of the largest collections of wine in the USA ... Go see why this place stands as one of the best for all these years.     If you like steak ... you'll like this place. If you love steak ... this is your place! I go to Florida twice a year to visit family. Being a spoiled foodie with all the restaurants in Northern New Jersey and NYC, I find the whole Tampa/St Pete's area mediocre at best. Sure there are some rare gems, but they are far and few between ... I guess that's because no one wants to compete with the talent that is Bern's. This is not your modern eatery with flashy decor ... it's old school class with lots of dark-stained wood, some brass and patterned woven carpets. But you don't go here for the decor ... you go for the steak. You'll get a lesson in steak if you care to read the opening pages of the menu, and the wine list comes in a Coffee Table Book size and as thick as a paper-back novel, filled with some of the finest wines on the globe. Each bite of everything ordered is delicious - every time I go - and I go every time and that kind of consistency is amazing. Here's a treat - when you're ordering, ask for a tour of the kitchen .... and the wine cellar. YOU WILL BE AMAZED BY THE WINE CELLAR! Within the two properties they own, they have between 750,000 bottles of wine from all over the world, and as far back in time as you can imagine. There is no dessert served at the table. Take a trip upstairs to the "Dessert Level" and get a private booth for your party's size. It's a unique idea and makes for a different experience than just about anywhere you've been. OH ... and DRESS UP! If you go in shorts, sneakers or sandals ... you're going to sit in the lounge and not one of the many themed dining room(s) Enjoy ... I always do! NOTE: There is talk of a new building going up across the street ... I suggest going to experience the old location before they shutter the doors for the new version.
Be prepared to take out a second mortgage on the house.  I kid you not.  But that said, if the boss gave you permission to take out your favorite client, do so...here.  I live in KC and we know steaks.  Florida doesn't (I lived there too).  BUT BERN'S DOES!  Do not hesitate.  Oh, and have the lobster bisque too.  Oh...and the dessert rooms.  Check out the size of the menus!  There's not enough good things I can say about this place.
The fact that there are 2-star reviews for this place makes me think the average human being needs to get his or her head examined. There shouldn't even be 3 or 4 star reviews. Learn how to eat steak. Bern's is essentially a life experience. You're born, you graduate college, you get a decent job, find a spouse, buy a house, have children (if you're into that sort of thing) and finally, you dine at Bern's. And what kind of person wouldn't rate having children as a 5-star experience (Casey Anthony I guess would be an exception). Bern's affords you with a top of the line steak house experience on par with or exceeding that of the top steakhouses in the country, at a price somewhere just north of your experience at Outback. Seriously. And they have 150,000 bottle wine cellar on premises and 250,000 bottles offsite in a warehouse. That is nothing short of insanity. Step one - select your wine. There's probably several that were bottled the year of your birth. And they are charging you in 1980 dollars because the owner is goodhearted socialist. Yup - there's some 1980 varietals between $20 and $30. Step 2 - consult their spreadsheet of cuts including specific weights and dimensions of your selected cut as well the kitchen's standard operating procedure for manufacturing the steak to the precise temperature (there's four different temperature selections for rare. Yes. FOUR.)  and get your meal on order. There's really no need to select an appetizer, for you will be the recipient of french onion soup and salad before you receive your steak and you will also be endowed with a fully loaded baked potato, garlic sauteed green beans, shredded carrots, and a healthy pile of crispy onion rings along with your steak. Then marvel in the fact that a decent cut  proportion for one runs between a minimum of $32 for your 6 oz filet, median range of about $45, and up to a maximum of about $72 should your fat ass want a 25oz porterhouse all to yourself. Side note - here's a side-by-side comparison of Bern's 8 oz filet versus Outback's Victoria Filet: Bern's: French Onion Soup = Included Salad = Included 8 oz filet = $37.90 Baked Potato = Included Crispy Onion Rings = Included Carrots = Included Garlic String Beans = Included Total = $37.90 Outback Tampa: French Onion Soup = $5.29 Salad = Included 8 oz filet = $22.49 Baked Potato = Included (just one side) Crispy Onion Rings = 2.99 Vegetable Side = $2.99 Total = $33.76 There's mother effers on here complaining about the price??? You too need to get your head examined. You are complaining about paying $4 more than Outback. Seriously, Yelpers piss me off sometimes. Step 3 - Eat. The steak is unparallelled. It literally needs nothing but to be placed into your mouth and chewed. The filet side of the porter house can be sliced with the edge of your fork. The NY strip side, which I usually don't enjoy as much, tastes fantastic, the crisp on the edge is wondrous, the tenderness is divine, the flavor is what you would expect from a worldclass steak house. The Delmonico Rib Eye is marbled just right, and the meat to fat ratio explodes in your mouth like you don't know what the eff just happened in there. The baked potato is so good that you question if it was twice baked. The garlic green beans have such great herbaceous flavor that you play 20 questions with your brain's knowledge of Penzey's Spices. Step 4 - Take a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Marvel in the fact that for $4 more than Outback, the onsite butchers have yielded just 1 pound of meat for every 3.5 pounds perfect just so you can get that perfect cut. Marvel at the fact that they are roasting their own coffee beans. Marvel at the immensely huge, environmentally controlled wine cellar. Marvel at the fact that they grow their own sprouts. Marvelous. Did I mention this is just $4 more than Outback? Step 5 - Climb the steps to the Harvey Weinstein room (also known as the Harry Waugh room for the semitically challenged) for dessert. Sit in your own personal space and select the volume and type of music you want to listen to. Drink a cup of some amazing coffee because those beans were roasted beneath your feet. Indulge in one of the finest desserts from a selection so various and impressive that your head will spin. Consider taking out a mortgage to find out what a bottle of port from the 1870's looks like. This is not a night out at a restaurant. It's a life experience. And did I mention, it costs just $4 more than eating at Outback?
In my opinion, Bern's Steakhouse is hands down one of the best steakhouses I've been to (on top with New York's best steakhouses: Peter Lugers (over rated) and Smith and Wollensky). First off, the decor looks like an old brothel and the restaurant has small rooms throughout, but it makes your dinner feel a little more private rather than being in a large dining room. I can imagine the place being a little creepy if you were alone there at night. While the bill can be pricey, the food is delicious and you get what you pay for. At Bern's, you order a steak, and it comes with soup, salad and sides (baked potato, average veggie and really good onion rings). You order a steak at some other top steakhouses and the country and you have to order everything else ala carte. You can tell that everything here is fresh, high quality, and your meal was paid careful attention to. My favorite appetizer here is Foie Gras à la Plancha (one of the bests I've had). Other favorites are: Charcoal-Grilled Day Boat Scallops (huge and cooked to perfection), Crispy Oysters (a little small, but still good), and Sautéed Jumbo Shrimps. The Crab Cakes, Tuna Tartare and Shrimp Cocktail were also okay but not standouts for me. I can't wait to go back again and try the Escargot, Oysters on a Half Shell, Seared Tuna, White Truffle Macaroni & Cheese, and Caviar selection. Soups: Love the French Onion Soup Au Gratin that comes with your steak. We also always order a Maine Lobster Bisque to share at the table. The bisque is so creamy and good, but very filling. Steaks: My favorite is the Delmonico, always cooked to perfection. We've also tried the Special Chateaubriand and Chateaubriand, Porterhouse and Filet Mignon. We always go to Bern's with big steakhouse eaters (that have eaten at top steakhouses in the country) and they all say the Bern's is amongst their top favorites. Service has been mostly excellent, except for one time I went to the dessert room upstairs and the waitress seemed like she was in a rush and not attentive. I've also gone on the kitchen tour 3 times (ask your waiter about it) and one time there was a trainee giving the tour. He seemed rushed and impersonal. The other 2 times were excellent. They have one of the largest private wine collections in the world, so if you are a wine enthusiast, you'd love their selection. All in all, this makes it to my list of best places to eat. Yes, expect to pay a lot for your meal (minimum $100-120pp w/tax+tip depending what you order) but it's highly worth it given the quality of food you get. Make sure to RSVP well in advance and save some room after dinner for the excellent dessert room upstairs (mmm.. Banana Bread Pudding, excellent coffees and sorbets).
I've been to Bern's about 4 or 5 times.  For an appetizer I've only had the beef tartar, which I thought was fantastic.  The serving size for the tartar was surprisingly large (way too much for two people - but I tried to eat as much of it as I could without ruining my appetite!) .  For main dishes, I've had the chateaubriand and the filet mignon; both were fantastic cuts of meat, cooked perfectly every time.  The vegetables which come with the steak are sad and disappointing. They are consistently limp, overcooked, and seasoned poorly. The decor at Bern's is odd.  From the outside, the restaurant looks a bit like a strip club.  White, boxy, no windows - strange for a top tiered restaurant - but then again, not so strange for Tampa.  Inside, the decor is tacky and over the top, but for some strange reason, it seems to work. I personally have no real complaints about it, but I have been with a few out-of-town friends and relatives who really hated how the restaurant looked inside and out. I give Bern's 5 stars for several reasons.  First, although Bern's is by no means a cheap restaurant, it is, in my opinion, VERY reasonably priced.  Included in the price of the steak is a salad and side dishes.  If you were to get the smallest cut of filet mignon (which would be just under $30), you could get a complete, fantastic steak meal for about $40 (including tip and tax)!  This is a cheaper alternative to other steakhouses  (e.g.,Flemings, Capital Grille, Ruth's Chris - all the salads/side dishes at those restaurants are a la carte).  Second, The Dessert Room.  Wow.  I don't care for sweets and I hardly ever order desserts at restaurants, but I make sure that I do each time I go to Bern's.  I've had so many different desserts and each one has been out of this world (Banana Foster, Granny Smith Apple Pie, Baked Alaska, Chocolate Layer Cake Jones). Third the service is consistently on point - the servers are knowledgeable about both the food and the wine.  Also, they are attentive to the guests without being overbearing.  Finally, eating at Bern's is an experience - I always start by having a cocktail at the bar, eating in the main dining room, then touring the wine cellar and restaurant kitchen before going up to the Dessert Room. Overall - highly, highly recommended!
After hearing stories about Bern's for years I finally made it there myself and experienced the spectacle that is Bern's. Except for the great steaks and how they farm some of there own food and cattle I did not know much about Bern's. Arriving at the front door the building was not impressive it looked like a old ugly banquet hall with no windows or personality. Once you walk in the front door it's a different story, imagine Disney's haunted mansion decor. The place is old school and outdated but the charm, uniqueness and personality it provides makes up it. The dining areas are made up of numerous smaller rooms all named for their decor. One of the more interesting rooms is the Rhone river room  which has giant back lite illuminated pictures of the Rhone river along the wall, tacky and cool all at the same time. This place is old school and old if you expect a hip update high end restaurant that is not what you will get. At the end of the meal they offer a wine cellar tour it was very cool and interesting they also tour you though the kitchen I could of done with out this as it seemed more banquet style prep and not that interesting to me. Although it was very clean and well run, sometime you don't want to see where your food comes from. I am use to a Chicago steakhouse experience big portions and big prices I will say Bern's is a excellent bargain considering all you get. Along with your entree each meal includes French onion soup with all the gooey cheese on top, Salad with a choice of dressings as long as your arm, 2 vegetable, a baked potato with all the fixings it's a lot of food not big Chicago steak house portions but all you need. There is a huge menu with steaks, fish , chicken the list goes on we all had steak. You choose your cut, then the size, weight and thickness and then the temp you prefer.  I ordered the strip steak medium rare 1 1/4" thick and 12 oz came out with a hickory smoke flavor perfectly cooked and tender great beef flavor awesome. The steak did not look like a standard cut it was long and skinny with a 2nd little tail piece that tapered off, I guess they cut them different to get the size and weight, that said it was still great taste. The steak was the best part of the meal the rest of the food was good but  not as impressive and not like a Steak House I am use to in Chicago. The Onion soup was very good small portion but just enough, Salad also very good as was the blue cheese dressing. The side veggies where kind of sad some shredded carrot dish they are famous for I guess and kale Yuck. The presentation looked like it all had just been thrown on plate, not the highlight of the meal. Like I said steak was the star everything else was good. If you like wine you will love Bern's expansive list it is like a good size book with wines dating back to the early 1800's and one bottle a 1947 Letour one of only 12 ever made a double magnum was priced at $30,000.00. Its fun to read and I am told they have very reasonable prices on wine as they mark up only on the purchase price not the value so you can get a good  deal on older wines. Service was excellent server was knowledgeable about the menu and food in general gave us all the time we wanted but did not make us wait. Last part of the Bern's experience is a trip to the desert room , you pay up for dinner and go to the desert room which is on the second floor. Talk about funny you eat in booths that look like big wine casks and each has it's own music panel a outdated push button system with numerous choices for different music. There is even a old phone you can make requests on. It all looks like something from a 1970's James Bond movie. Here is my true feeling on the desert room, I think it's a way to get you to spend more money you normally would not. We would normally get one or two deserts for 4 people and all have a bit instead we each had a desert and all left some on our plate. We normally would also not have after dinner drinks but we all did. You kind of feel like you need to order being in a new area new waiter, the bill for desert for 4 people was 100 bucks a lot of money especially when you compare it to what dinner cost.  When you go don't feel obligated to order more then you normally do for desert is my advice. The deserts where ok not anything great I had the desert combo, next time I think I will get one of their flaming table site prep desert, to me that's worth a few extra bucks. Would I go back hell yes!! Awesome steak the rest of the food was good, excellent wine list and quirky over all decor which might be out dated but is what made it. Would I go to the desert room, once again hell yes, but this time split the flaming desert.
I've been going to Bern's Steakhouse since I was a teenager. Now that I live in NYC, I only get to go every year or so, but it never disappoints. It remains my benchmark for steak. Walking into the soaring foyer you find yourself entering into a gold trimmed, red velvet walled room that just screams "bordello" ... you half expect corseted courtesans to appear on the staircase above. The luxurious bar sits off to the right while a hallways beckons across the room. Down that hall is awaits a rabbit warren of dining rooms, each with it's own design scheme, but all shouting "decadence". This is truly a mansion of meat. While the menu could possibly use a freshening and the decor is feeling overdone (probably more a function of me spending time in trendy, sleek NYC restaurants than any problems with Bern's itself), there is nothing quite like Bern's in my dining experience. Yes, NYC has some amazing steakhouses, but none of them raise their own cattle, have as many cuts of beef, cook to such specific temperatures, or have anywhere near the wine list. The wine itself is worth the visit. Perusing just to see prices and vintages can pass 15 minutes while you wait for your perfectly prepared porterhouse. I'll forgive them for having a very limited sake and non-existent shochu selection, but I expect those things to change over time. Last time I visited and asked about shochu, it took the waiter and sommelier about 30 minutes to confirm that they do not, in fact, have shochu in their enormous collection of wines and spirits. The kitchen and cellar tour is a must-do on you first visit.  The dessert room is fun even if you're completely stuffed by the time you arrive. The entire experience feels trapped in time, which is part of the charm. There are few restaurants in the world that I'd be willing to fly just to visit, but Bern's is one of them. Fortunately, with friends and family still in the area, I have other reasons to go. However, I've decided I will have truly made it in life when I can fly down, eat at Bern's, and fly home in a single day. Do yourself a favor. Go.
What an experience! This is one of those places that time has preserved for the sake of all mankind. We sat in the lounge because we could not get a reservation at the time we wanted. Service was impeccable, the wine we selected was gone, so they brought out 3 similar bottles for us to try and choose from. The steak was great, it's not the best steak I've had in my life, but pretty damn close. The fact that the potato, soup and salad come with the cost of the steak makes this place a real value too. Save room for dessert and after dinner take the kitchen and cellar tour, to help work off some of those calories and head up to the dessert room. Go for the macadamia nut sundae.
We were visiting Tampa and decided to cancel our reservation at Capital Grille in favor of a local restaurant. boy, are we glad we did!  I can remember our server's name (black gentlemen with a friend who owns a restaurant franchise in Atlanta), but he was AWESOME!   I had blackened snapper and he had wild salmon. The food was scrumptious and a great value as it included French Onion soup, salad, onion rings (more like strings) 2 veggies and a baked potato with all of the fixings!  They have an upstairs dining room for desert but we were in a but of a rush and decided not to stay for that (definitely next time). Two thumbs up!
We didn't actually go in for dinner at Bern's, decided to instead head up the The Dessert Room. I cannot even begin to explain to you the amazing flavors and euphoric foodgasms this place delivers. Our server was knowledgeable and helpful, leading us through the menu and diving us all of the information we needed to make great decisions, though, I don't think it would have mattered what we chose, everything looked and sounded amazing. Anyway, I had the King Midas and I would suggest it to anyone who goes through. The carrot cake is dense, but not too much so, the macadamia nut ice cream (that took seven years and over three hundred recipes) was heaven. There really are no words for me to accurately describe to you the incredible flavors that come out of this place. Go there. Try it. Be amazing. I'm serious.
This is the most overrated restaurant in the TAMPA BAY area! The steak is way over priced and no better than a steak from PUBLIX. The "hand made" (by your waiter) Cesar salad tasted bland (and like crap) the only thing cool about the place is the tour & the wine cellar.
Excellent. But, don't take my word for it, check it out for yourself. Go ahead and be critical while you're at it because you will find something wrong with Bern's. It just won't be the quality of the food and most likely won't be the service. You can pick on the decor though since it's a relatively easy target. The building is quite unattractive: white painted stucco and no windows. It may as well be a Wal-Mart. Also, the interior is dark and a bit gaudy-ish so be prepared for that. Hype often leaves me feeling that something is over-rated and I tend to find reasons to support that view. Bern's, however, pretty much lives up to it's name. The food is extremely high quality, the service is impeccable, and if you like wine, you will have more choices than you could ever sample in a lifetime including some extremely rare vintages. The menu is as thick as an encyclopedia and contains useful information about aging meat, suggestions for cooking preferences, and the reasons why their beautiful, well-fed beef is superior to anything you've ever experienced before. The more you know about something, the easier it is to make an informed choice and while the menu is biased, there is definitely a lot of valuable information in it. Take some time to read through it if you've never done so or better yet, check it out before you go if you can. The wine list is more like a wine book. Bern's claims the largest wine selection in the world. If that's not true, it's probably pretty close. You may be offered a tour of the wine cellar where you can see quite a bit of the collection for yourself, including the special wines which are kept under lock and key. Well, it's a $2 lock and key but that still qualifies. We dined with someone who hates french onion soup but he actually finished an entire bowl of it and commented that it was excellent. It was definitely delicious as were the mini crisp-breads accompanying the soup. I'm not a fan of caviar but if you fancy that, you'll find several choices here. I definitely prefer a grown fish over its eggs. Wild salmon and they will tell you exactly which cold waters it originated from whether it's Alaska, Scotland, Norway, etc. Considering what comes with each entree, the meals are fairly reasonably priced. The sides aren't stingy. You get a decently sized portion of veggies or whatever side you order. The quality of beef and fish is outstanding and the flavors are delicious. Expect to pay close to $40 for a salmon entree which comes with soup, vegetables, and a starch (rice or potato). The steaks are priced according to weight and there is quite a range. Again, I suggest checking out the menu beforehand since it contains a lot of useful information. Save room and make a reservation for dessert upstairs where a party of up to 4 can fit at a cozy table nestled inside a converted wine cask. Choose your music and use the telephone on the wall to call your server if you need to. Bern's is not shy about boasting. Not only have they staked claim to the best beef, and the largest wine collection in the world, but they also offer "The Best Sundae in the World" with homemade macadamia nut ice cream created from a recipe that took 7 years to perfect. Not sure if it really is the best sundae in the world but I will say that the ice cream is delicious and probably some of the tastiest I've ever had. This is a destination restaurant where it is worth celebrating life events like birthdays and anniversaries. If I were a man and wanted to propose to the woman of my dreams, I would bring her here for dinner, reserve a table in the dessert room, have that macadamia nut sundae come out with a ring on top and get down on my knee. Really. If you're going to propose in a restaurant, this is one I would definitely recommend. Of course she loves you so much that it doesn't matter where you propose but this will definitely tip the scales in your favor and she is always going to remember it. The candlelight makes you look even more gorgeous and the service and food will probably be amazing enough to make up for it even if you're not your usual super charming self. Take a happy little tour through the wine cellar and kitchen after dinner before heading up to the dessert room. You can carry your wine glass on the tour which makes it even more fun. That little walk will get the endorphins flowing and make it easy and exciting for her to accept your marriage proposal. If you go, you absolutely must make a reservation. We went on a Tuesday night which we thought wouldn't require a reservation but there was an hour wait at 6:30 pm. We stayed in the bar area until a table was ready and the wait ended up being much less than an hour. Overall, an excellent dining experience with delicious high-quality food and superior service.
I ended up liking this place a lot, despite the fact that we got off to a rough start. It's in an odd area and it doesn't look like you're heading to a famous steak house as you drive in. Then, you basically have to valet park when you get there, so there's a $5 add-on right from the get-go. The hostesses bordered on rude, but there was an absolute crush of people on them all the time. But they were snippy when asked for directions to the restroom (which is in an odd place and too small) and when I tried to do them a favor and tell them where we were in the bar, they acted like I was being stupid. The bartenders are very old-school and the drink prices, shocker of shockers, are reasonable. We were seated in the Bronze Room, with several bronze (natch) statues in nooks along the top of the wall. The rooms are all smallish and look like they were decorated by someone who had just a little more money than taste, but it's certainly atmospheric. The tables are very close together and no seat goes empty for more than two minutes. One waiter got us started, then another took over (not sure why), but he was very capable. The food is all high-quality. I mean, it's hard to mess up a good cut of beef but everything we had was well-prepared. the only problem is that this really is too much food. Each entree comes with onion soup, salad, baked potato, onion rings, and a vegetable. Not choices, mind you, but all five sides. It might be better to let people make selections. I guess it adds value, but I really felt like I was stuffing myself and would rather have made selections. The much-vaunted wine cellar tour is a nice touch and the warren of rows and rows of bottles is neat. Then we were taken to the dessert room, which is upstairs where a whole new table awaits. The dessert room is more intimate and quiet, which is nice after the crush of the main dining area. It's basically like you're being place in a large phone booth with walls all around except for an entryway. It's a nice, distinctive touch. They're a little uppity about their dress code on the website, but I didn't find that people went out of their way to dress more than business casual on average. The site specifically says no shorts, jeans, or athletic wear, yet a man at the table next to us was wearing jeans and a dri-fit T-shirt. Hmph. Pricewise, it's not cheap, but it's also not astronomical compared with other top meat palaces, especially in NYC and Vegas.
Well where should I begin, let's start with dinner reservation at 800 still not sat by 825 so decided to get a drink from the bar.  The bartender decides to inform me that the lady at the bar is having dinner.  I had no idea and was invading her space.  So if a fine establishment such as Berns is allowing patrons to wait how about an area to serve those guests who are waiting and not inturupting those guests who are dining at the BAR.   Have dined at Berns numerous times and not impressed this go around, many other establishments I can spend my money at.   Maybe one day the hotel and parking garage will be finished.
Don't get burned by Bern's. Basically, that's the best advice I can give about this place.  Sure, it's a steakhouse, and there are plenty more steakhouses in the area.  This one, however, is extremely overrated.  I brought my husband here for his Birthday... knowing good and well that it was going to be about $150-200 dollars for a dinner for two.  That price is very high for someone of my income status, so I expected there to be good service and good food--- we did not receive either. A month in advance and only the 9pm reservation spot was available.  We showed up during our reservation time and waited another 15 minutes in the lobby, while the rude and aloof hostesses stood around complaining about their lives to each other. We were seated in the Cameo room.  There was nothing romantic about it.  The lighting was so bright that it felt like a cheap banquet hall.  The room was SOOO LOUD that we could not even hear the waiter telling us the specials or answer any questions for us.  So my husband and I sat there in silence and stared at each other under the spotlight.   The menu is somewhat confusing, because we assumed that the salad would be included with our meal.  We ordered the Cesar salad, unaware that it was going to cost us $12 per plate for a side salad.  But, to be honest, the side salad was the best part of the meal. I ordered the Ribeye steak.  I was raised on these steaks and know what they should taste like.  This ribeye was a $7 cut of meat at best.  My husband seemed to enjoy his steak.  The side dishes are straight out of the 1970's.   We made a reservation for the dessert room, because it is a must-do.  Right?  So, we went upstairs, still hungry after our lame dinner.  We waited yet again, staring at more rude hostesses upstairs. The seating we were given was yet again not private or romantic---  it was directly next to a piano bar guy surrounded by a wild pack of teenagers.  We got up and walked out. Iiiiii  LOATHE valet parking.  Especially when I have to wait for the car while I am surrounded by a gaggle of Batchelor Party douche-bags on cocaine.   F*ck this place!
I am a connoisseur of a fine steak.  I had heard about Berns for years and finally, I was able to visit. We had a group of four and upon entering, you could tell how upscale and elegant it was.  We sat in a room full of art, books and crown-molding.  Most people wearing blazers or ties, but one could wear a simple button-down and be dressed appropriately. Our waiter was very personable and told us it takes years for them to train to actually become a waiter there.  He explained all the steaks in detail and obviously, knew what he was talking about.  Dinner was about a two hour affair.  I ordered a filet, as I normally do.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best either.  When comparing it to other steakhouses such as Charley's, it just didn't have the flavor that it should have and left me somewhat depressed as I had heard such good things.  Unfortunately, the other three in my party agreed with me. Towards the end of the meal which was expensive, they asked if we wanted dessert.  We said yes, and they closed our tab downstairs, took us on a tour of the "wine cellar" and then we proceeded upstairs to dine in the dessert room.   The dessert room had an incredible layout and a piano-player that took requests through an intercom system directly in your booth.  We had a few pieces of cake and tried the "100 years of port."  There were 5 glasses with ports from different generations over the past 100 years.  Really neat to taste the difference time makes in fermentation.  Dessert was simply outstanding, and would give that 5 stars on its own. Although dessert was great as well as the service, the taste of the steak at one of the "best steakhouses in America" just wasn't there. The decor was gaudy and over the top. It reminded me of something you would see in a rappers house or someone who hit the lotto. Waiter was great and educated on the steaks.  Price for dinner was high, but that was to be expected.  All in all, I recommend Charley's down the street over Bern's any day of the week... If you prefer taste over gaudy ambiance that is.
Phenomenal service, the wine list and the desert room are so great, it's just a great overall experience. Take 3-4 hours and experience all they have to offer. If you are an oenophile or not take this opportunity to choose from over 500,000 bottles of wine and probably 140 selections by the glass at very reasonable prices for resturant wines regardless of the level you choose.
I have heard about Bern's since I went to college at UT in 1999. My uncle, over in West Palm Beach, raved about Bern's and told me how I should go there. That was in 2000. Thanks, Uncle. Broke college student = wasn't an option. So for our 10 year wedding anniversary, my husband and I finally decided it was time to check this place out. If you are a regular middle/upper middle class person, save going to Bern's for a very special occasion - one that you want to remember. It's definitely an experience. First, I recommend you make reservations well in advance - especially if you are going on a weekend. Our anniversary happened to fall on a Friday night, so we attempted to make reservations online about 3 weeks in advance. Our selected time (7pm) was rejected! So we had to call and the only available times were 5pm and 9pm. Considering we had babysitting arrangements to take care of, etc - 9pm worked for us. Even at 9pm, Bern's was pretty busy. The decor is definitely... interesting, but it's a very nice atmosphere, regardless. We were seated in a nice dining area, but for the life of me I can't remember the name of the room. We didn't order any appetizers. I ordered a filet mignon, medium-well. It came with a delicious onion-ring side (not fast-food onion rings), as well as two other sides that were absolutely delicious. It also came with salad. This was enough to fill me up. The champagne was delicious and we felt very comfortable. I was surprised to see some tables with kids at them but hey, if you can treat Bern's as a regular anytime Friday night dinner place, more power to you! All I can say is that it was a memorable evening. After dinner, we went for a tour of the wine cellar and of the kitchen. I felt a little bad touring the kitchen because the staff was SO busy and several staff members had to ask us to move so they could access whatever we were in the way of (my husband and I, and another couple took the tour). You can tell that Bern's runs their operation very well and organized. The wine cellar was neat. I highly recommend taking the tour. I also highly recommend having dessert!! You can't go wrong. The little barrel-rooms are private and the setting is like no other. We love the dessert room. We tried a sampler (I believe the cost was $16.50) and to be honest, we were both surprised that the samples were so small... but they were delectable. Afterward my husband wanted to splurge on more dessert, so we did. We left Bern's with very full tummies and the bill wasn't as extraordinary as I have heard some people say it could be. In total with tip, we spent $160. $50 of that was in the dessert room. So truly not bad at all. We felt good knowing that we left with full tummies and our wallet wasn't empty lol. I couldn't imagine ordering extra appetizers as the meal comes with plenty. If my husband wasn't having a gout issue at the time, our bill could have been exponentially higher due to alcohol. But we limited ourselves for his sake. The only other thing I can say, and this has more to do with "appearances" than anything ... is that pulling up in the mercedes (which may or may not have been rented, lol) definitely added to the experience and made me feel awesome. Yay valet!  I know if we pulled up in our old family truckster (minivan lol) it would have felt awkward to me. It was our night to live large and have fun and we did.
What a great evening. Four hours of delicious small plates building up to a Delmonico cooked to perfection. A great bottle of wine and the desert room was a great way to top it off! I feel as though it is good if you want the full experience. I do not plan on going back but not for any negative reason. There are just too many other steakhouse to try!
A trip to Tampa makes visiting Bern Steakhouse (and Mons Venus!!!) an exceptional obligatory activity.  The service here was excellent.  The food was very good, and it was rare to see an upscale place like this offer an affordable option including salad, steak, side, and more.  All were very good.  Certainly not the best steak ever, but still very good.  Four stars for Bern's steakhouse. The real treat of Bern is the visit upstairs to the Dessert Room.  A friend of mine kept telling me not to miss the Dessert Room.  I started to imagine what a dessert room would be like.  In my best imagination, I pictured a humongous buffet with many desserts to try.  So the moment our hostess brought us to our table I was already blown away.  First of all, hostess?  Yes, the Dessert Room operates like it's independent from Bern downstairs.  There is a hostess, new wait staff and menus exclusively for the Dessert Room.  And these are some of the thickest menus you have ever seen; especially considering that this is just a menu for dessert.  There was also a new menu just for drinks (entirely different than the one downstairs).   I had a terrific flight of four Ports.  The Dessert Room also has a cozy, romantic feel to it.  Each table is sectioned of by paneling and curtains for more privacy. And the tables have their own radio system and speakers to play music exclusively for your own table.  Five stars for the Dessert Room.
Heard about Bern's about 30 yrs ago when I first moved to Tampa Bay... For one reason or another never went....well finally got there yesterday ....why did I wait so long?...pricey but excellent food... Worth every penny....took the kitchen and wine cellar tour with very knowledgable employees .... So much wine.... So little time....can't wait to go back.....Won't take 30yrs again... Maybe next month....lol
If you're looking for a chic, trendy, dining experience you won't find that here. When you walk in you might think you accidentally stepped into an early 1900's brothel. It is very dark, gaudy, and not at all what I expected, what with the gold plated gargoyles and deep red velvet drapes. One might even say it is a bit stuffy. The service, food, and wine are all superb. It definitely lives up to the hype. The wine list is intimidating for the amateur, and it reads more like a university graduation list. Don't feel stupid asking the server for a recommendation in your price range. There are plenty of affordable wines to choose from. The menu is equally expansive and heavy. Included is a long caviar list, and a detailed four page steak list with charts and graphs and lots of numbers. If you don't know what you're looking for it can be overwhelming. I recommend the Special Châteaubriand Au Poivre 1 1/2 inch. I like a medium steak, but if you like rare get the 2in. I will say I would expect to experience snobby service here but that was not the case. One fellow in our party ordered a filet well done (GASP!). After resisting the urge to punch him in the face I recovered and just giggled quietly to myself. The server didn't argue. When the steak came out medium, the server was polite and didn't hesitate to suggest butterflying and sending back to the kitchen to cook longer. Though I was completely horrified that the guy with us would even want this done, I was surprised by how unpretentious and accommodating they were. The wine cellars are really cool to tour and if you go I highly recommend being cheesy and taking the tour. You get to walk through the kitchen and see a bit of the action! The dessert room is everything you've dreamed of. The flambe skills of the wait-staff are well perfected and the cocktails are sublime. Though once was enough for me, it is definitely a "must" on the Tampa fine dining bucket list. P.S. Definitely Valet- parking is annoying in South Tampa.
The service is amazing. Wait staff knows everything there is to know about the menu and the wine menu which is EXTREMELY extensive. I love food here and for what they offer it is reasonably priced. Their tableside caesar is my favorite, along with the ribeye and a baked potato. Each entree comes with garlic small toasts, french onion soup which is sooooo good, and then I think a side? In any case a lot of food. Dessert room is also separate, the bread pudding is literally to die for... it's what I always order. This place is amazing and i would suggest anyone and everyone to eat here. It's also a good place for a romantic dinner.
Everything about the experience at Bern's was spectacular. Service, ambiance, food, and wine selection. The only thing that disappointed was the steak tartare. It was plain. Nothing else about the night was. The macadamia vanilla bean dressing was decadent but well worth trying. While you certainly spend a small fortune on wine, there are some unbelievable values among their 100,000 bottles (over 6,500 selections). Definitely will be back.
I have been to Tampa numerous times, but had never heard of this place until a group of us were scheduled to go for a bachelors party this past weekend... This is the most valuable (price+quality) steak I have ever had...anywhere. I ordered a 10oz del monico that was roughly $50 and it came w/ a delicious four cheese onion soup and two sides. The best thing about their steaks is that the weight is after all fat has been removed, so you are literally getting exactly what you are paying for! ***After dinner make sure you hit the dessert room*** Without a question... GO, GO, GO, GO!
great place for prime rib and T bone. Love the serivce.
Experience and service is a 5, but the steak, definitely a 3.  This was my 2nd time here, and was disappointed compared to my first visit 5 years ago.  The waiter immediately brought out fresh baked chips, and they tasted exactly like the ones at Gecko's-very unimpressive.  I had the 8oz Delmonico, cooked rare.  Came perfectly cooked, but was missing one important thing-the flavor!  Completely flavorless.  I had the shiitake sauce on the side with it, and it tasted like Lawry's marinade.  This was also extremely disappointing.   However, my husband and I did not order drinks with dinner, but shared an appetizer and each ordered a steak, and the meal was only $100.  Not bad at all for a meal that came with french onion soup, salad, and steak with baked potato and veggies. Plenty of food for the $.  I had more than 1/2 of my steak leftover, and the waiter wrapped it up along with fresh veggies and a fresh salad.  That was very impressive.   Dessert room was fantastic.  No complaints at all.  I had the Trio of Liquid Centers and it was to die for.   While we had a great experience, the flavorless steak is what made it 3 stars.  As another reviewer stated, much better steak at Ruth Chris.  Great if you are a wine connoisseur, but a true foodie should select another place.  So many others to choose from in the Tampa/St Pete area.
Bern's is arguably Tampa's best steakhouse. I've been going to Bern's at least three times a year for the last 10 years (generally for family birthdays).   I've always enjoyed the steak here because they use the best cuts of dry aged beef (be sure to research what dry aging means and why it's superior). For those of you who may think Bern's is snooty - you're half wrong.  It is definitely an upscale restaurant.  But one thing that sets Bern's apart from many similar steakhouses is that they want to educate you.  I've been to so many exclusive restaurants that seem to "assume" that you know what to order (which can be daunting).  Bern's has one of the most interesting menus ever (check it out on-line): it tells you about the different cuts of meat and what makes them so different.  They seem to want you to be an educated consumer.  The wait staff is also generally very helpful - they go through a rigorous training process before they are turned loose on the public.   For the money, Bern's is actually a really good deal.  The entrees come with a salad (grown organically on Bern's own farm), soup (I recommend the French Onion), baked potato, crispy onion rings and vegetables (generally carrots from the farm).   For about $30 per person, you can get a 6oz filet with all the trimmings above.  Not a bad deal. Being a bit of a tightwad, I generally get the Chateaubriand Tips - not only are they less expensive, but because you get several smaller pieces, there's more surface area for the garlic butter. Since their steaks are dry aged - they benefit from being cooked less than normal.  If I go to an Outback class steakhouse, I'll order my steak medium.  When I go to Bern's I order Medium-Rare or Rare (warm-center).  If you're daring, order one of their tartare appetizers - this is one of the few places that I would trust raw beef - and they do an awesome job with it. Dessert Room: This area upstairs is full of private "rooms" - ideal for romantic visits or small parties.  I used to love the dessert room, but over the years, the prices have skyrocketed and it's no longer as much of a deal as it used to be.  If you do go: make sure you get the Cafe con Leche. Ambiance: some other reviewers have described the decor as tacky.  I prefer the term "gaudy" - the overwhelming presence of red makes it seem like a house of ill repute, but it's really part of it's unique charm. Parking:  Bern's reserves it's best parking for valet.  While I'm not a fan of valet, I do understand it here given the restaurant's upscale nature.  I recommend parking in their lot across Howard Avenue.  They generally have a security guard on-duty at night in that lot.  Given the geography of the area, there's not much else they can do for parking. Lastly some recommendations: 1) Visit their website and read up on their menu before hand so you know what to expect. 2) Take the tour!!  They'll walk you through the kitchen explaining all the stations, etc.  Plus they'll take you down into their world-class wine cellar. 3) Make reservations 4) Dress nicely (suit and tie not required) 5) Plan on it being at least a 2 hour affair. 6) Order your steak more rare than normal. 7) Park across the street (I hate valet)
So Bern's is probably my favorite Steak House ever.  The Caesar Salad made table side is a must and if they are offering the truffle Mac N Cheese, thats another must have.  The steaks are dry aged and prepared very simply, the way it should be.  They won't be drowned in butter, but rather, mildly seasoned, allowing the true taste of the high quality beef used there to show through.  And if you have room afterwards, I suggest a trip to the dessert rooms.  Each dessert room is its own little alcove, providing a nice private ambiance.... and the desserts aren't too shabby either.  Needless to say, I am a fan and I make a point to always go to Bern's when I have the chance.
First of all, it is not in the best location, but valet was only $5 and was super fast! We arrived an hour before our reservation was able to get a drink and find a seat in the packed bar. I would not recommend going and eating there, way too much noise and too many people. After being seating our waiter explained all about the different cuts of steaks and give his suggestions. I am not really a steak person, but my fillet was cooked perfect, and the sides aside from the veggies were good. Wine selection was fantastic! They have some ridiculous amount of wine, and the waiter recommended a wine that was decently priced. After dinner we went on a tour of the kitchen, which was really cool to see all the different stations and how the food was cooked. From there we went on a tour of the freezing cold wine cellar. Not much of a wine person, but it was nice to see the large selection. Then made our way to the desert room, where we were seated right by the piano. People can call in any song, but we requested and odd song that he didn't know, more of a joke, but they guy didn't appreciate it. Guess its a bit of a stuffy place. Desert was very disappointing. I don't remember the name but it was some type of sampler, not too much flavor, and I love deserts. It did have a nice romantic atmosphere. I would go back again, but not for awhile, and definitely wouldn't order desert.
I've been to Bern's at least a dozen times, and it has become my favorite restaurant in Tampa. Yes, there are some Yelpers who downplay Bern's, but filter your search to the Elite reviews--38 of 40 reviews are 4 or 5 stars--and mostly 5 stars. Fact: Bern's consistently delivers one of the best dining experiences in the Bay area. If you're looking to save a few bucks, opt for one of the larger cuts made for two people (personal fave: Châteaubriand). If you drink water with your meal (as I always do), you can enjoy an outstanding meal for two for less than $80. True story. I think one of the main reasons I love Bern's is because they're so passionate about doing everything perfectly. I can honestly say I've never had a bad server or a bad meal. Everything is always top-notch, and I really appreciate that. One more money saving tip: its NOT true that Bern's is valet-only. Bern's has a self-parking lot next to the valet lot. There's usually a security guy sitting at the entrance. Wave at him and he'll let you park there for free. Occasionally the lot fills up, but I was there at 7:30 tonight (Friday) and there were several open spots. I will probably be leaving Tampa within the next few months, and I'm pretty sure that I want my last meal in Florida to be dinner at Bern's. It's that good.
got here a little too late on a friday night. some of our steaks were not cooked right and our potatoes came a little late. Totally understandable because it was about 10 pm, staff was probably a bit tired. Steak was not the best i've had, but the whole experience (including the dessert room) was just phenomenal! Would definitely come back, but earlier next time.
This place has the biggest wine cellular in the whole country! They have a book just for their bottles of wine, which is quite overwhelming but worth it at the same time. A client took me there and it was very nice but very pricey at the same time. They also offer a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar which I would recommend doing if it is your first time, it only takes about 15 minutes to complete. They also have an upstairs that is exclusively for dessert, it was AMAZING! We had the banana fosters which they make in front of you which was very impressive and I got the new your cheesecake with strawberries and it was very very tasty. They also have several dinning rooms which made it a fun experience as well.
When you ask many people to point out the best restaurant in an area, they will send you to what I think of as the "local legend."  It's always expensive and frequently disappointing.  However, I keep asking because sometimes, you can find a hint of the glory that made that restaurant a legend and sometimes, you even learn something.   Bern's sets out to be an extraordinary experience and I will give them full marks for effort to that end.  The fact that this also makes the evening feel somewhat contrived is a direct consequence of the script they have for their waiters to walk through.  Still, the experience is entertaining and worthwhile. The food was variable.  My duck and my friend's lamb were perfectly done.  The steamed broccoli was perhaps a touch overdone.  The french onion soup was, good but lacking in subtlety.  The salad was quite ordinary as was the dressing.  The selection of caviars was good and, shock of shocks, my dinner partner, the caviar aficionado, found one that I liked (so I learned something).   The tour was entertaining and a nice setup for the dessert room.  I had no room to do justice to the dessert room but will go back at some point when dessert, all the port I can afford, and a designated driver will, I think, make for a memorable night.  This night however, the sorbet was a little too sweet and heavy for my taste. All that said, the ambiance of the dessert room in particular was just the thing for a tête-à-tête.  All in all, a memorable evening.
First I thought I walked into the Adams family house!!  The decor is dark   but the food is delish and the service is outstanding.  We even took a tour of the wind cellar. I really liked the lounge area.  Who knew I had so many steak selections.  DELISH!
We absolutely loved our visit. The waitstaff were fantastic and the quality of the food is beyond amazing. The only reason I'd give a four star rather than five star rating is due to the need for remodeling. Nothing drastic, just a slight update in scenery in the dining rooms would be lovely. The lobby has glowing orange lights and it just felt a little like Halloween.
Went with my husband here and everything came together seamlessly for dinner.  Excellent food, quality service, and an enjoyable experience we will remember for years. Based on reviews, my husband ordered the Delmonico Steak, and I ordered the Chateaubriand.  We didn't order any appetizers as we'd read that dinner comes with five sides and they more than filled us up.  Everything we ate was delicious.  House salad with white balsamic vinaigrette, and one with vanilla macadamia nut vinaigrette.  Then a delicious onion soup topped with four cheeses.  With the proteins came crispy thin onion rings, shredded carrots, and assorted fresh squash.  We chose a Malbec to accompany dinner and it was so good, we followed it with another bottle. What really made dinner so great was the service by our waiter.  Trebor has been there 16 years and has repeat customers.  His engaging and funny conversation was awesome and any question we had was answered with charm and backed by experience.  All waiters start in the kitchen on floors and undertake trips to the farm where Bern's grows the vegetables we were eating.  They go through two years of training before waiting on tables and it showed.  All courses were timed perfectly as they were set before us and our steaks came exactly as ordered. As this was our first time, we wholeheartedly agreed to a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  Definitely a must, if your first time as you'll admire and respect the well-oiled machine that Bern's is.  All staff were happy to share information they had with you, and were friendly even in passing through the kitchen. Last came dessert in the Harry Waugh Dessert Room.  A cozy finish with the World's Best Sundae (macadamia nut ice cream and nuts in a waffle cone, with chocolate syrup on the side) and strawberry cheesecake.  The cheesecake, although great, paled in comparison to the sundae.   An amazing experience, worth travelling to from anywhere.
The Mecca of Steakhouses.  The steaks are to die for, but the experience, is second to none.  You get multiple courses and can get out of here with spending less than $50 a person.  They have the largest wine cellar in the US and a dessert room that is stunning.  Try their Macadamia Nut Ice Cream and you will have to come back again.  Easily one of my favorite restaurants, I am lucky to live only an hour away from it.
La Chica and I stopped in ad-hoc last night for a little birthday treat; a Bern's burger and a bottle of 1974 pinot noir.  This was my first time having the legendary, but secretive Bern's burger.  I ordered mine medium with fontina cheese--wow.  The freshness, juiciness and amazing grilled flavor was like a sensory overload that could only be balanced by the '74 pale red wine.  Heed my word, don't waste stomach space by ordering fries.  Get the veggies.  The carrots are mild and sweet, and the green beans are laced with bacon. I think this will turn out to be a yearly tradition on July 17th.
Not sure what is going on at Bern's. I've eaten there a number of times over the last four years and had unbelievable meals. Not tonight. SERVICE: Mediocre service. Our server was condescending and unfriendly. Servers in years past were very friendly and helpful. They just made the whole experience much better. Not tonight. FOOD: My steak wouldn't even be in my top 20 all time steaks. All of them were overcooked (My friend sent his back.) They were also under-seasoned. Nothing else really stood out either. In years past the steaks were some of the best things I've ever eaten. French onion soup, too. Not tonight. Overall, a really disappointing dinner.
I go out a lot and Bern's is by far the best steak I've had in town.  Pretty good atmosphere but a little stuffy.  Good service but most of all...the best steak in town.  Reservations can be difficult to secure on the weekends.  All in all I give two thumbs up.
The restaurant was cool but it's way too snobby for me. The table next us were a group of men bragging about their illustrious meal while their wive's were at home eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Another guy, as we were leaving, was talking up big about the car he was driving as the valet brought it to him. The service was so-so. Were greeted and seated and barely spoken too. My food was okay. However, my partner did enjoy the steak.
Was in Tampa on business.Probably the best piece of meat that I've had since i've been born. They do give you several side dishes so if you go for dinner you might consider skipping lunch. They provide you with a soup, salad and potato and then your dinner that comes with unlimited garden fresh veggies grown in their farm. We had a great female server who was amazing and made sure that our food was prepared as we requested and went above an beyond to ensure that we had a great time. Stellar service and absolutely loved the tour at the end and history overview provided. They have a huge wine selection some are reasonably priced others are extravagant. Overall you can have a great meal without doing too much damage. We made a reservation and were seated as soon as we arrived.
While in Tampa it was my partner's birthday so I surprised him with a birthday dinner at Bern's.  I'm not a steak house kind of gal but he loves lamb and I heard this was the best place for it.  Our server was extremely professional and attentive.  There were so many extras that came with our meal that made it even more exciting.  We must have sat at the dinner table for an hour and a half.  After dinner we were whisked away for a tour of the facility which was a special treat.  After that we went upstairs for dessert and were seated in a private booth with a phone that's connected to a room somewhere on the premises that houses a piano player that takes requests.  Bern's was definitely a great/different experience and we'll definitely go back during our next visit to Tampa.
Yes. I will agree with and also add another 5 star recommendation here. I loved my experience here. And it truly is an experience. Please do not expect to eat quickly and leave. Clear your evening and spend a good 3 hours here. Upon entering, I thought the restaurant looked like the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland, and the lack of windows is eery. But that was quickly forgotten as the service and food came about. - 7 oz chateaubriand medium rare. Perfectly cooked with a delicious crust. The menu reads like a book and I certainly learned a few things from just reading it. The garlic topping is delicious (it's an add-on). The steaks also come with onion rings, salad, baked potato, and French onion soup, which I think is a pretty swell deal. It's not an inexpensive meal, but coming from the Northeast I think it's definitely a good value. The service was also excellent. Our waiter was patient and spent time explaining all the nuances of our steak. If it's your first visit to Bern's, I would recommend taking the kitchen tour and the wine cellar tour as well. They boast the largest private wine collection in the world. The dessert room is also a must if you're dining here. Live music and tasty desserts. I had the Taste of Bern's, and most of the items were pretty awesome. This restaurant is a definite must in Tampa.
I was very unsure of what to expect but I was more impressed than I would have ever imagined. The service and good far exceeded my expectations.
Hubby and I celebrated our anniversary at Bern's- we were completely mesmerized with the exceptional service and quality! The dessert room is a MUST!! I had the Chocolate Caramel Pecan Bread Pudding and it was sooooo delicious! If a special night out to impress is what you are looking for, Bern's Steakhouse is a definite must!
This is an institution that probably should be tried if you have the opportunity for several meals in the area, but it is rather old and dated.  Patronized mostly by tourists and older clientele.  The steaks and fish are amazing, and they offer a tour of their unparalleled wine cellar.  Also an upstairs desert area worth trying.  It's really rather impressive but definitely lacks a "cool factor".  Very traditional with a distinct air of a bygone era of grand (if outdated) elegance.
THE GOLD STANDARD.  I have been to many nice places.  One of my most memorable was "Windows on the World" on top of the World Trade Center.  However, I barely have the literary capacity to fully describe the delectable experience one can have at Bern's.  It is the BEST steak house I have ever had the fortune to experience. WARNING - it is relatively expensive.  However, if money is not an issue (in this case some pharmaceutical reps took me here), then Bern's can be an experience of a lifetime. I read that someone recently went here and ordered seafood and they gave it 2 of 5 stars.  Note:  It isn't called Bern's "Seafood" House.  It is a STEAK house. Steaks - you can order every single shape and size.  They come in different ages, ounces, cuts, and for parties of 1- 6.  Yes, you can get a steak for 6.  You can get each steak exactly how you want... fat on...fat off... they are cut in house to order.  I should mention that I had the Foie Gra app, and oh, it melted in my mouth.   Wine - I cannot do their wine list justice.  In all my life, I have never experienced a more grand wine list.  It isn't a list... it is wine book.  You can spend $35 - $10K on a bottle.  (that was not a typo).  I told my friends to put the book away or I wouldn't speak to them at dinner because I would be too engrossed. Dessert - Typically, you leave table and go upstairs to the "Dessert Room" which is a private area for you and your friends to enjoy the soft lights, ambiance, and relax.  It use to be a cigar area as well, but with the new FL laws, that has gone by the wayside.   Tours - your waiter will gladly set you up for a brief guided tour of their kitchen and wine cellar.  This is a cool bonus where you can get see chef's in action and discuss food preparation.   I need to stop here, but I will be back to edit with more details.  This review is going to take some serious contemplation and literary skills to try and do Bern's the justice it deserves. Thank you Bern's for taking me to a new level.
Simply amazing. From the food to the service with Adam, who didn't try to upsell us or  talk us in to any extras. We got a tour of the impressive kitchen and wine bar and did a self tour of the dessert room upstairs. Poor sizes are huge and the food comes with soup, salad, sides. It was expensive, but for what you get, very reasonable. Thanks Bern's for an amazing night! I can't wait to come back.
Dont miss out if you are in the area. This is a great place for meatlovers! Pros: *Service. The level of service here is top notch. Our waiter had been leading the serving personal on a cruising ship and after 6 months at Bern's he was still in "training"!!! Extremely attentive and knowledgable about everything from the food, wine and the preperation of the food. *Wine!!! This place has the largest wine selection and cellar of any restaurants in the world! On the table you have the wine "bible" and the short list with around 5 pages of wine. *Steaks! Maybe the best steak i have ever had. Perfect quality, perfectly cooked! *Condiments. Sauces, veggies, potatoes -all great! *The kitchen and wine cellar tour. Dont miss it! *Prices. Not more then the average Morton's or similar chain steakhouse but better food and greater service. Cons: *Too far away from Sweden where i live! = (
Whenever I travel and hear of a restaurant that's a can't-miss/landmark institution/best [fill in the blank] ever, I get equally optimistic and skeptical - excited that it may indeed be an amazing experience and also concerned that I may be setting myself up for disappointment with unrealistic standards. In the case of Bern's, the experience blew away my expectations.  Reservations were made a month before heading to Tampa and despite some initial fears that they may have lost our reservation (since we didn't receive a customary confirmatory phone call a few days before), we were promptly seated without a glitch. (Btw, dress code is semi-formal so a button shirt with slacks is the way to go). Upon entering the foyer, you're struck by the decor - the red lights and walls suggested a bordello but the intricate carvings and details gave it a refined feel.  There are separate dining rooms with slightly different decor (we were seated in the "Bronze Room" by the large mirror).   The first thing I noticed upon seating was the wine list.  Only 181 pages and 1-2" thick.  I'm not much of a wine guy but it was a no brainer that I would have to order at least a glass (went with the waiter recommended 2--6 Terra Valentine Cab ($14), which went really well with the steak. The steaks are priced based on cut, thickness and weight and having read earlier reviews, my friend and I were eager to try the 20 oz. Special Chateaubriand for two.  Surprisingly, the waiter reported that he would have to check if that was available (and unfortunately he came back and said only 9 oz. cuts were available).  So we ordered two separate orders of those ($35 each, which ended up being an incredible bargain).  That's because the steak entrees come with french onion soup (delicious), organic salad, baked potato (good, but really way too much), and sides of onion rings and veggies.  For good measure, we also ordered a (huge) side of the white truffle mac & cheese (which he emphatically recommended over the foie gras ... wow). OMG, the Special Chateaubriand was perhaps the best piece of steak I've ever had!  The Special is dry-aged on the loin for longer than the regular Chateaubriand, resulting in a exterior that's almost resembled jerky but with a juicy, almost buttery interior that just melted.  The waiter actually thought we were regulars because apparently not many people order the Special (I have no idea why not ... do they just not read the entire menu and order the first thing?!). We were so completely stuffed (hardly had the baked potato, onion rings and only half of the truffled mac&cheese) that we thought we couldn't possibly eat anymore and were sadly convinced we couldn't check out the separate Harry Waugh Dessert Room.  But the waiter suggested he put our name down while we rested and had a tour of the kitchen (huge staff that's like a well-oiled machine) and the amazing wine cellar (~150,000 bottles on site with another MILLION in the nearby warehouse)!! After that, we miraculously discovered we had a little bit of room for at least some cafe con leche ... and the signature macademia nut sundae with hot fudge.  I don't have a sweet tooth but this may have been one of the best desserts I've ever had. So yes, I had ridiculously high expectations ... and they were surpassed beyond belief. Put another way, I figured one trip to Tampa in a lifetime is probably more than sufficient.  But now, if I happen to find myself anywhere within a two-hour radius from the greater Tampa Bay area, I will not hesitate to go back to Bern's.
Bern's was one of my favorites restaurants in FL until I found a hair in my baked potato. And they didn't care about it
We went to Bern's on the spur of the moment to celebrate a small milestone. A half remembered recommendation and a Google post led us straight to the best steak I've had in my LIFE. We were seated right away, having arrived super close to opening, but the rooms were already filling up. No mention was made of our less than appropriate attire (jeans for me and a light shirt dress and jeans jacket for my sis in law). The table was excellent and it got better from there. Our waiter was knowledgeable about what we should eat and drink with a mind to our budget ( we're both in school)  and we followed his advice and got an amazing bottle of wine and the chateaubriand tips. With the sides, soup, and salad it was more than enough, appetizers would have been too much. The food was good, the service was somehow better, and we even got a tour of their wine cellar and kitchen after. The trip up to the dessert room finished off our unexpectedly amazing experience.  Everyone and everything there was great too. Bern's was well worth the price.
One more 5 star review for what is arguably the best steak house in America. Service is the best, the food is very good, the atmosphere is the best, it goes without saying that the wine selection is literally the best in the world. The kitchen and wine cellar tour are remarkable. Had the 12 oz Delmonico. Perfect. I have been to many great restaurants around the world, and Bern's is on my top 5 short list BTW, the prices are very reasonable. Any review that says Bern's is expensive hasn't been out to eat in decades. I don't get to Tampa often, but I plan to only eat at Bern's from now on.
Prior to going to Bern's I was told it was the best steak house in the world. Those are BIG words and hard to stand up to especially if you eat out a lot. Upon driving up to Bern's, the outside was quite simple. Not sure what I was expecting but with a statement like "best in the world" I was expecting not only a great steak but a rich setting. I pulled under the overhang to drop my car at the valet which was the only parking option and when my husband opened the door the first words out of my mouth were "The Madonna Inn". Then I realized that the people we were with were already inside and I hoped they hadn't heard me. Have you been to the Madonna Inn in SLO, CA? Bern's was a bit old fashioned and gaudy. I saw rooms with metal rental chairs, the kind you see in an old Italian restaurant with red and white checkerboard table cloths and in another room I saw white rod iron chairs that are usually outdoors. I ordered the filet of course because I had to try the steak and this is my favorite cut. With the steak was a small cup of French onion soup which was really good, for my salad I ordered the Macadamia Vanilla Bean Vinaigrette on the side since the waitress didn't recommend it and I got the Maple Dijon also on the side. Good choice because the Mac Vanilla bean dressing was more like dessert vs. dressing. With my steak came veggies that I left alone, a baked potato and Steak Fried onion rings. I could have ate a whole plate of these fried onions. They were thin shoestring onions that were lightly breaded and lightly fried. Don't forget to order some mushrooms on the side and if you like mushrooms, order your own because you won't want to share. Now the steak was very good don't get me wrong but it is not the best steak I've ever had and I wouldn't rate it the best in the world because I have yet to hit all the best possibilities. My favorite steak has a bit more seasoning and a touch of melted butter. A few surprises and treats were the kitchen tour. It was immaculate and beyond reproach. There are a ton of restaurants and probably a few of my favorites that I wouldn't want to know what goes on behind the scenes. This place definitely had something to show off. The second treat was the desert room. There is an actual room you go to, that has individual Booth's surrounded by walls with just a doorway on each end. I have never seen anything like this. It made dessert really special. If you have never been to the desert room, save room next time and have this experience. The atmosphere was wonderful, not to mention the deserts. I had the Creme Brule but since I'm a purest when it comes to this dessert, it wasn't my favorite. I like a crisp sugar topping and this had a sort of cookie crust. Good but not what I expect. But the Macadamia Nut Sundae was to die for and I'm not an ice cream fan so if you are, ORDER IT.
What an amazing experience! My husband's sister was visiting from out of town and was here for business and since she was staying at our place she decided to take us here as a thank you gift! What a gift, huh? She's awesome :) When we first arrived it was a Thursday evening and I had made reservations at least two weeks prior (I definitely recommend doing that, we originally had wanted Friday however, even two weeks prior their only opening was a 9:30 PM).  It was very busy and we did have to wait about 20 minutes past our reservation time but it was well worth the wait.  When we got to our table, the service was impecable and very prompt.  Our waiter quickly got our drinks and was very knowledgable about the menu. Since I do not eat red meat (I know, I know a sin if Im coming to Bern's!!) I ordered the crab stuffed baked jumbo shrimp, my husband ordered the delmonico steak and Len ordered the strip sirloin.  We were all very pleased with our meals and I for one thought that the crab stuffed baked shrimp was phenomenal!  However, I think my favorite part of the meal was the french onion soup!! Even my husband who despises french onion soup and onions period tried his and was a fan.  I was amazed by the amount of food that you recieve with each entree.  Although the price looks like a lot up front, it really is worth it for everything that you recieve.   We did decide to do the kitchen and wine tour while we were there which was ok.  It got a little bit backed up and by doing this added another 35 minutes to our night which is fine however, at 8 1/2 months pregnant I was a little tired! But I think that the 35 minutes we waited was worth it for the wine cellar tour --- how fascinating! We then made our way to the dessert room and the ambiance in the dessert room was just beautiful.  You have your own little space with a telephone where you can pick your own music and call your waiter if needed.  I ordered the creme brulee which was very good, my husband got the granny smith apple pie which I think was the best choice, and Len ordered the chocolate, chocolate, chocolate which was ok but very chocolately although if thats what your going for it's perfect! All in all, I really enjoyed our evening here at Bern's it took us about a total of 3.5 hours for the whole experience so definitely carve the whole evening out of your schedule if your going to do the full experience.  Just as a reminder - whenever you make a reservation that includes your dinner, kitchen/wine tour, and dessert room just make sure your remind your waiter in the beginning of the meal if you are interested in the tour/dessert room just to be safe! :)
Took my parents for the 50th anniversary.    It is a perfect place for special events or to celebrate. The steaks were cooked perfectly but the sides are little weird.  The tour of the kitchen is a must and so is the dessert room upstairs.  Its a unique place and worth going to once in a while.
This is definitely a tourist spot when you visit Tampa! Oh my gosh, it was fine dining to the max! i enjoyed their white truffle macaroni and cheese, they had all the different cuts of steak and a million and one choices for wine! To top of your out-of-the world steak experience, they take you to a separate top floor dedicated for your dessert time where you can relax and enjoy your dessert :) Also enjoyed the tour of their kitchen and wine celler. truly an an unforgettable experience!!
Don't even know where to start. Probably, the atmosphere. It's elegant. It's old school. It's a comforting, yet still a fine dining-y feel. It's red and vibrant when you walk in- almost medieval  feeling. Get dressed up. Sit with your date at the bar and lounge and show up early to wait for your table there. Take it in, people watch. It's great. There is no need to order appetizers although their menu is extensive. If you just order your steak (and by the way, you order by the inch thickness), you will be just fine. I've been to famous steakhouses all over NYC and this is one that I'd happily pay 300 for a night out, yet didnt have to. With my meal, came soup, salad and  potato.. All of which, usually, at a steakhouse of this caliber, are al a cart options that you have to pay extra for. Not here. Ask for a tour of the kitchen. You must. Save room for the dessert room upstairs. It's an intimate experience and a delicious one. Favorite steak house of all time.
The Basics: PROS: Good Steak             Great Service             Great Wine Selection             Great Cocktails CONS: Included sides are mostly pretty bad             Great Steak, Not Spectacular, a little over-priced             The vibe is okay, not great             Their processes for tracking your bar tab vs. your restaurant tab is just dumb The Details: I went here with fairly low expectations. I didn't want to be caught up in the hype just to be disappointed. We had reservations for 9 on Friday night. We got there a bit early and went to wait in the bar. There were a couple of seats available at the bar so I sat down. I was told rather gruffly by the bartender that the seats at the bar are available by waiting list only, WTH? Okay, so there are apparently walk-ins that like to sit at the bar to eat. No big deal, there were other seats available in the bar area. So, we sat waiting patiently for a while and finally flagged down a server who said he was a bit busy but then sent over another server right away. So far so good, the cocktails were generous and a good value for the price. Then we got called for our table. This is where we were a little confused by the service policies. Basically, it is as if the bar and the restaurant are totally separate entities. We asked if we should settle up our bar tab and they said no, but it couldn't be rolled over into our dinner check either, weird. So, eventually we had to settle it as a separate tab anyway. So, the wine; well we had a great sommeleir and he helped is pick an excellent bottle of Bordeaux to go with our steak. I will have to add details of the wine selection later, but I believe it was 80 Merlot, 15 Cab Franc an 5 Cab Sauvignon. It was an excellent accompaniment  to our steak. Then, the food; well we started with their crab cakes which were just okay, Bonefish or Ruth's are better.We then chose the Cesar salad and it was excellent, with the dressing mixed table side. The included french onion soup was okay, although the presentation, in a very small metal bowl, was lacking. The lobster bisque was just okay. It wasn't particularly warm and the flavor profile was not the best, a little too rich, too sweet and not lobstery enough. Then the steak, the star of the show. We got the Delmonico, 2" thick and we requested medium rare. Well, it came out perfectly cooked with a cool pink center and a nice crust. The odd thing about the steak itself was that, in spite of being a nice piece of beef and cooked perfectly, the taste was just okay, it was a little on the bland side as far as that rich steak flavor. Also, the grated carrot, green beans and batter fried onion threads that came with the steak were so bad, it brought the overall presentation down a big notch. They should just stick to ala carte like most steak places rather than degrade their steak with those nasty throw always. We were tired and it was late, so we just had an ice cream sundae there at the table, as opposed to going to Side Bern's, which was also just okay. Overall, the steak and wine were good with the rest being just mediocre. Finally, the service: Vance, our server was excellent. He took very good care of us with out ever being pushy or arrogant. He kept our water and wine glasses full without hovering and was very knowledgeable about the menu. My only quibble would be that I wished he had impressed on us the importance of ordering sides rather than accepting the included garnishes. He also talked us into taking the abbreviated tour of their wine collection and kitchen. Seeing how they store their wine is amazing and educational, so that was a fun added bonus. Again, the Sommelier was excellent as well. So, overall service was quite good. I would give the service 4 stars easily. If they dropped the goofy plate garnish, had a little more flavor in the beef and managed your bar tab better for you, I could easily add at least another star. But, as is, for the price, I think three stars is a fair assessment. Now that I am educated, I would be tempted to give them another try, but ordering sides ala carte and trying a different cut of meat. Especially since there really is no better steak in Orlando anyway.
Chicago is known for its Steakhouse's, but  you would be hard pressed to find a better steak then Burns. The dining experience here is nothing less then incredible. From their extensive Wine list to the custom cut chops, the quality and service are impeccable.They have tours of their kitchen, wine cellar, and upstairs dessert room. If ever in Tampa, please check this out. It can get pricey, but your entire entree includes soup, salad, vegetable and potato,  For a high end steak house that is unusual.
If I had written this review 15 years ago, I'd probably have given it five stars.  Over the years though, my opinion has not aged like one of their million bottles of wine. I get the fact that people are creatures of habit and are often opposed to change, but Berns takes that to the extreme.  It's a great thing when it comes to the steaks and salads since they're excellent, but it pains me to say that I'm really starting to be annoyed by most everything else there when you look at it from an overall experience standpoint. So, on the unlikely chance that someone considering Berns for the first time just happens to read my review first, you owe it to yourself to go so you can try the food.  You may or may not be back, but at least you gave it a shot. What I have typically ordered over the past two decades I've been going here is the chateau briand (i.e. filet).  It's been very rare that I deviate from that.  I love the steak, I love how it's prepared, it's incredibly consistent every single time I've been.  Berns is not Ruth's Chris; your steak doesn't come out sizzling on the 1200 degree super grill blah blah blah, so if that's your thing, you'll be disappointed.  The french onion soup is nothing to write home about, but it's not bad.  Their salads I love; some people have not been impressed, but I feel like the ingredients taste incredibly fresh as does their blue cheese dressing. What Berns also does not do like Ruth's Chris is charge you for every single little thing; if you order a steak, you order it by type and weight, by the ounce.  Your meal will include french onion soup, typically bread as a side to the soup, salad, baked potato prepared to your specification and both a veggie and onion rings (the shredded variety, not the big pub-style kind) side to the steak. Here's a tip; if you're a wine drinker but aren't there to order a special bottle from their extensive collection, they have a house blend which is larger than a normal wine pour, cheaper than a normal house wine and is made up of what can be quite good bottles that were opened for by-the-glass sales but did not have enough left to complete a final glass.  This is really neat since the taste changes each time but has never failed to impress. Okay, now, the disappointments.  I have only been disappointed in the food once.  In recent years I've started ordering their Delmonico and love it as an occasional departure from the chateau briand.  It's of course a fattier cut, but also tastier cut.  What lead to the disappointment was ordering a surf & turf steak and lobster special they had on the menu which claimed to be a lobster tail and Delmonico.  Unfortunately the Delmonico that is included with that combo is a much thinner and fattier version of the steak, and I found it to be nearly unacceptable.  So, my advice to you is don't order a Delmonico as a combo or special. Next, pretty much everything other than the food.  I think it's just that small annoying things have really started to grate on me over the years when there are more and more fine restaurants popping up around the area.  Let me begin my rant: the building is nondescript and simply ugly.  I don't like being forced to pay $5 for the pleasure of letting some random person drive my car; I never valet, but I have no choice here.  Online reservations?  Don't waste your time.  You pick a date, then someone emails you back a day or two later to tell you if it was available or not.  You can play that game for days if you want to keep trying; better to just call.  The dining rooms are horrible; they're old, ugly, dirty, noisy and cramped.  Seriously.  You will hear every conversation in the entire room typically.  I dropped something and had to turn my cell phone light on to find it; the walls and floors don't look so hot under light that you can actually see things.  The decor is laughable; as others often say, it looks like a hodgepodge of brothel memorabilia.  Good luck if someone in your party is in a wheel chair; try getting that around the awkwardly placed tables.  The Rhone Room is the only one I'll even eat in anymore; the rest are horrible.  Some servers are great, some servers have been there "20 years" and are condescending to younger guests.  Booze drinks are typically not very strong. I'm simply at the point where the balance between how bad I want a Berns steak and how annoyed I get by all the minor things is keeping me away more than it is bringing me back. I'll wrap this up with a compliment; try the macadamia nut ice cream in the desert room; fantastic.
Bern's was absolutely my "pièce de résistance" dining experience in the Tampa Bay area. I dressed for it. So did Saint G. We got the valet of course. We didn't arrive in time to have a cocktail at the bar, but that's ok. (The one we had at the table was just as good.) We were seated in a nice quiet room; engaging and elegant, but quiet.  Not like the one we passed through on our way to our table. Our server, Thad? Todd? Thom? Thor? ah his name started with a "T"... was super nice, knowledgeable, funny, and in general has a great disposition. He helped Saint G with her cocktail and steak order. He talked about my cocktail choice (it WAS funny) and convinced me to get the seafood in parchment that I was already going to get. And made a reservation for the dessert room. The French Onion Soup was perfect in quantity, crouton, number of onions (for me, that's none), and amount of cheese melted on top. Yum. The salad is something I truly could have skipped. But I ate the tender, dark greens that I drowned in dressing. The crisp bread is something else I could have skipped. But I ate a bite or two just to be sociable. The only thing missing from the presentation of the main event was a flourish of trumpets. Oh this glorious red snapper topped with scallops, shrimp, lobster, AND jumbo lump crab, surrounded by julienne carrots and zucchini, looked and smelled absolutely amazing! The potato was baked to perfection and topped with the perfect amount of butter and sour cream. After dinner, we "absconded" thru a secret door. First stop: kitchen tour. Second stop: wine cellar. Amazing! They have a '33 Latour there. Amazing! For dessert, we went for the crème brûlée and decaf coffee.   The Bern's dining experience is one that I will cherish in my soul (and possibly on my thighs) forever. This is as good as it gets!!!
As the reputation elaborates this truly special place, Bern's Steak House was an experience worth every Benjamin Franklin spent. Our server was a 29 year veteran, and led us through one of the better experiences in dining that I've ever had. The wine list is stellar to say the least, 1 million bottles strong, and the tour is a must have for any first timer. We were shown a $30,000 bottle in the cellar that was apparently found a couple of years ago; they had no idea they had it until doing a complete stock inventory. It's amazing how big the restaurant is, especially the dessert room upstairs. it's never ending. From the moment you walk in the door, everything is just like fine dining should be. It's not as pretentious as you may imagine it being either, the subtle atmosphere is almost inviting for any normal Joe, but definitely Joe with a steady paycheck. These are the best tasting steaks in the southeast. And surprising was the menu, including soup and salad, not just an a la carte style menu like a Ruth's Chris, which I also adore. The dessert room is very romantic, a perfect place to take a date, even if you've had dinner elsewhere that night, it's an experience all to itself. This has become one of my favorite restaurants ever, and a very special place in Tampa, Florida. Eric Statzer Eric Douglas Statzer
Must've been a bad night. I had a ribeye steak done medium rare. Good, not great. My wife had surf and turf. Good not great again. The waiter spilled a glass of water on my wife and he bumped me 3 times with dirty plates as he took them away. Rooms need updating. Tours through kitchen and wine cellar, I could do without. Desert rooms were fun. Coffee was best thing I had there. I missed the 12% tip add on so the waiter that spilled the water and hit my sport jacket with dirty plates got 32% tip. We were with two other couples and I won't begin to tell you there experiences...wasn't up to expectations for sure.
Had to try this because we were visiting from out of town.  What is the big deal about at this place? I realize that this is an "institution", but the food is really quite average. The waitstaff and service is excellent.  The after dinner tour was very impressive. The size of this place is huge.  But in the end, it comes down to the food, which was quite average
The food was phenomenal! Best steak I have ever eaten. The Caesar salad was amazing. The desert room is a MUST.
Can I live at Bern's Steak House and just eat their steaks all day long for every meal? I love how it comes with fried onion strings and a baked potato! Everyone always remarks on how expensive Bern's is but I think it's actually a great deal for the price! You get amazing food and excellent service plus a tour of the kitchen, wine cellar, and dessert room at the end! It's probably the best place to go to when celebrating a special event. I went with my 2 roommates and we ordered 2 steaks (a 1" Steak Sirloin medium and a 1" Steak Sirloin medium-rare) and a Chicken Bern. The timing of the courses was impeccable and our waiter was excellent! Although, the hostess was a bit snippy. The only major bad aspect about my experience (didn't hold it against Bern's) was that a guest at another table was being obnoxiously loud... if you can't behave yourself at the classy restaurant go back to the Steak n' Shake you came from!
Oh. My. God. I went to this steakhouse while in Florida for work a couple of weeks ago. It was possibly the best night of my entire life. The restaurant is phenomenal in all areas. The setup is unique and interesting. It is decorated so that I felt like I was having dinner in a museum that happens to be in an old castle. The waiters are super friendly, well-qualified and love what they do. Our waiter explained the whole menu and was quick to make great recommendations without being pushy. He was always accessible if we needed anything without being smothering - he was perfect. The food was seriously amazing. My steak was cooked and flavored perfectly. The green beans and onion straws were to die for - I mean, they seem simple in theory but have you ever had REALLY GOOD ones? I apparently had not. The French onion soup was a little too hot when they brought it out and I can't make up my mind if my burnt tongue was their bad or my own (I have a hard time not eating when there is food sitting in front of me). However, once it cooled off about 20 degrees, it was very satisyfying and not too salty (a common problem with French onion soup, I think). After dinner, some of the waiters-in-training took us on a tour of the restaurant including the kitchen and wine cellar. Super cool. And very impressive. Adventure still not over. Then we went upstairs to the dessert room. I want to live there. It is truly something special. I can't even really describe it except that we ended up sitting in a little booth made from a wine cask that had it's own private sound system including a hook-up to the live piano and a phone on which I could call the pianist directly. And then I saw the dessert menu...at this point, I think I blacked out for a few seconds. The whole night was more of an experience than "just dinner". It was like going on the "It's a Small World" ride at Disney World for the first time. Incredible.
Having been to most of the top prime steak houses in the US, I may not be the definitive authority on steak, but I'm certainly qualified to judge, and Bern's is at the top of my list. The chateaubriand is simply decadent. Perfectly charred on the outside, juicy and bursting with flavor (no fancy sauces required). And don't let anyone tell you Bern's is overpriced, because it's actually quite reasonable compared to chain steak houses like Ruth Chris and Mortons. $35 for a hand-carved aged prime steak WITH soup, salad, baked potato, onion rings and fresh vegetables, all produced locally and sustainably on their own farm? No a-la-carte restaurant can deliver value like that. Sure, you could spend a lot if you like caviar and high-end wine, but a couple can easily have dinner and drinks for under $100. That's what makes Bern's such a cool place - the incredible range of possibilities. Add-in the whole Bern's experience, from the highly skilled servers to the kitchen/cellar tour to the dessert room and you have the makings of a truly perfect night. I have flown to Tampa just for dinner at Bern's. Not many places are worth that kind of effort. Bern's is.
Great food and great experience every time I have attended. My husband and I have had romantic dinners here with awesome tasting wine. I have also attended Berns for with functions. Never a dull moment with the tour through the kitchen, to the winery and the many different fun rooms they have. They are pricey but worth it for a good meaty steak and refined wine.
Went to Bern's based first on a recommendation from a friend who is a sommelier, and second based on Yelp reviews of the food. I went with a work colleague, and we both ordered steaks. The steaks come with soup, salad, and sides rather than ala carte like many steakhouses. Considering that it was well priced. The French onion soup was quite good, the salad as well, though the bleu cheese dressing was a bit thin, it was flavorful. The New York Strip I ordered and the Chateaubriand my colleague ordered were tremendously different in flavor and both outstanding. I'd order the Chateaubriand next time, though I loved the Strip. They were among the best steaks I've had, and certainly among the most flavorful. I confess to liking Morton's in DC a bit better, but this is better than all of the other Morton's I've been to. Speaking of other steakhouses, this is the first traditional steakhouse I've been in with female waiters. Wearing full suits and ties, exactly as the male waiters. But the part that I was thrilled by (touristy, I know) was the tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar. I hadn't been in a large commercial kitchen previously. The tour was done by a waiter in training, and then the wine tour by bar staff in training. I was able to have a photo taken in the wine cellar - pretty amazing cellar with a reported 100,000 bottles in the cellar. (And remember the wine cellar was why I went!) Now, the critique - the by-the-glass list was disappointing, and that was the only list they gave us. I didn't realize until the waiter came back and was ready to take our order, so I didn't get to peruse their regular list. I settled on a decent Napa Cab by the glass, and it paired well with the steak. If I hadn't gotten the tour I'd have been disappointed in the wine experience there. But for a business dinner it was a great place.
Bern's is without question one of the best steakhouses in the world. I've dined there on many occasions and they never disappoint.  Their dessert room is also a great experience that you should indulge in at least once.
excellent food. perfectly cooked steaks that come with all the sides. everything was reasonably priced for what you get. dessert room is a really cool way to end the evening. the tour of the kitchen is incredible and the waiters are extremely knowledgeable.
I've eaten here many times, for over forty years, and if anything it's getting better.  My last meal there was the best I've ever had anywhere.  The service was prompt and professional, the steak was the best I've ever eaten (both the quality of the meat and the precision of the cooking), and the sides were perfect.  I didn't have a bad bite the entire evening.   Some of the reviews are hilarious.  Oh my God people, if you aren't capable of placing an order with enough authority to get the job done then you shouldn't be eating at a steakhouse without a chaperon!  If you don't like dry-aged prime beef, consider the possibility that you have an undeveloped palate and stick to crappy Philly cheese steak.   Bern's has always gotten its share of negative reviews, and most of them are about as cerebral as some of these gems.  Some of the complaints are shopworn (it looks like a bordello) and some are faddish (no nouvelle cuisine, no Asian fusion, blah blah blah), but the restaurant is absolutely and consistently excellent.
My wife and I went here for Easter dinner.  When we arrived the valet seemed annoyed that I had to get my wife's walker out of the trunk of the car.  Since it was our first time dining there, I asked him a question about the cost of the parking and he seemed kind of snooty in his answer.  When we entered the lobby, the seating was so odd that my wife wasn't even sure if we were allowed to sit in the chairs or not. Our waiter appeared to be somewhat snooty also and seemed to be putting on airs.  My wife ordered the large oysters but they didn't appear as large as she has received in other restaurants.  My wife had the ranch dressing on her salad (which was tasty and creamy) but the blue cheese dressing on my salad was watery and not very flavorful. I ordered the Bern Chicken.  I liked the taste but they drowned it in a rich brown gravy which overpowered the chicken.  My wife ordered the veal chop but it was so tough she couldn't eat it.  She complained to the waiter who stated that it was probably tough because of the fact that she ordered it rare.  She agreed to have them cook it more.  When she received it back she still found it to be very tough.  We complained to the waiter that the dish was not eatable but he did not seem to care.  After the waiter brought the bill I asked to speak to the manager.  The manager was very polite and agreed to remove the charge for the mostly uneaten veal from the bill. After dinner we went upstairs for dessert and drinks.  This was the best part of the meal.  Both the dessert and the drinks were excellent.   If rated separately, I would give the dessert room 4 or 5 stars but Bern's itself is not worth returning to.
70% of the chefs in Tampa have sharpened their knives at this legendary South Tampa spot. Waiters have to work on the farms for 3 years. Largest personal wine collection in the World. Insanely large kitchen with tour (if you inquire). What do you get when you combine Crushed Red Velvet, Haunted Dark Chandelier lit Mansion & The finest cuts of aged and prepared beef? Bern's. This place is part of the foundation for Tampa. (SECRET: Hit up their bar for affordable yet DELICIOUS burgers without having to go through all that formal dining etc.)
I had the opportunity to visit Bern's Steak House while traveling with my father to Tampa in early 2003.  It was one of the highlights of our trip!   I remember ordering the roasted duck.  Following our meal, we took a tour of the kitchen: live fish awaiting their doom in water tanks. All vegetables had been grown locally by the restaurant to ensure freshness.  The wine cellar was enormous, and the dessert room was fantastic: dining booths carved out of huge wooden barrels.
This place was very unique and fun! It's in this HUGE space that is plush, lush, and dark red velvet everywhere. There are very nice pieces of furniture, multiple rooms with themed decor, and old paintings everywhere. The place reminded me of the Haunted Mansion in Disneyland except, hopefully, the place isn't haunted. Just very elegant looking. The place was bustling and very crowded. We had some steak sandwiches in the bar area which was a very nice room. Then came dessert. They serve dessert upstairs. We were a party of 2 and they sat us in this booth/pod/capsule thing. It was way cool and a trip. We had our own speakers and choices of music to listen to. We started with classical and were very mellow until we pushed the jazz and then modern music options and then we had all this energy suddenly. Our waitress was friendly and nice. They have a huge array of desserts! They make their own ice cream and we ended up splitting some very decadent chocolate cake thing and had a scoop of peanut butter and also macadamia nut ice cream. YUM! It was an experience I won't forget for a long time.
It is definitely a experience, but I expected the quality of food to be of considerably higher exception. I did find it delightfully ostentatious with the decor, its part of the fun. I will give it another chance though, fell maybe they were off their game that day since every one rants and raves about it. But after living in Cincinnati for six years, I still have Jeff Ruby's Downtown Steakhouse as my favorite steak house. But who knows for how long?
I don't understand a rating below a 5 as my meal was amazing. I had a 10 oz Delmonico cooked to perfection medium rare with normal sides and an addition of Steakhouse Mushrooms. This meal was one of the best I've had and my waiter was great Thanks Lee for a superb job. Desert consisted of the Macadamia Sundae which was superb as and the Chocolate was so good ! This place is a keeper and I had to try before I moved.
Usually go there once or twice a year. Pricey, but worth it. They have their own farm to grow their veggies. The dessert room is a must, sometimes we go just for dessert. Anything you get there is going to be great.
I am not that impressed, it was OK but not much to rave about. The ambience is nice, classy and even romantic. My server Carl was good too. I will give the French Onion soup high ratings. But the steak was not tasty to me. I will have to think hard if I will be back.
Okay....if anyone has ever read or visited this place they will understand my crazy review. The food is very good but nothing out of this world. BUT the whole, Bern's Steak House experience is out of this world...really!!! First of all, you walk in and it's dark and it feels like if you were walking into a brothel (yeah, i know) but, once you are inside it feels nice. Their spaces are warm and inviting, their service is OUTSTANDING! We had BRUCE as our most gracious server and he was eager to answer any questions, which are many once you visit this place. The food, as I mentioned before, was good but it is everything else put together that makes Bern's the BEST steak house out there. Once you are done with your dinner, you are walked thru the restaurant by one of their tranees. This person will give you a tour of the WHOLE restaurant, kitchen and all and thru their most extensive wine cellar. There we met the "wine guy" (sorry, forgot his name) and he explained everything about their collection of more than 7,000 wine bottles. It is very interesting. Then you are taken to the second floor where there is a previously reserved table for DESSERT! and OH MY GOD heavenly. ABRAHAM took excellent care of us even joking with the guys. This floor is also very interesting and totally different as for all of their table areas are huge barrels (or so I think) and it feels incredible to be in there. It's like you have your own private dessert area and no one else is there.   All in all, Bern's Steak House is worth the drive and every penny you might spend in there. If in the area again, we will make it a point to visit Bern's.
Recommended by my therapist, Bern's was amazing. The service was spot on, the meat (and sides) were cooked perfectly and the wine, well the wine was sublime. The only reason I didn't try the macadamia nut ice cream (which I'm sure I'll love!), was because I didn't want to experience everything without my lovely fiancée and I figured the desert room was just too romantic to eat in by oneself.  Make sure you have reservations and get to tour the kitchen!
First thing is first, the decor is a whimsical combo of Buffalo Bill (silence of the lambs) and Liberace. Blood red walls, roman busts, huge oil painting replicas encased in elaborate gold frames. It works here though. It was very busy and even with our reservation we waited a half an hour. I was pretty shocked to see patrons here in jeans or that the management allows it but I guess that's a Florida thing. The portions were out of control but I guess that can be a good thing. Included in our steak entrees were salads, baked potatoes, soup - the lobster bisque was amazing and then your steak dish has greens, carrots, and onion strings. The delmonico was very flavorful and my girlfriend had a great fillet. Our server was attentive and the meal was an overall success. The wine cellar tour was eye opening and we totally felt in the way w the kitchen tour during peak hours. On to the less than stellar moments.....we were out  for a romantic v day meal and we were sat in a room w a table of ten that were having fun but borderline obnoxious. When they finally left people clapped and the room dynamic became more fitting of fine dining. I think the staff could have grouped large parties separate from couples trying to have a nice date. The dessert room was also very nice. We had the king Midas carrot cake and macadamia nut ice cream. Both amazing. Total bill was around $30. I gave our waiter $100. The server brought me $48 in one dollar bills!!!! I lost my damn mind. He apologized in advance which means he knew it was wrong. He gave us all his shitty change instead of getting a few twenties or tens. The rest of the change was $5s. I would have made a bigger deal but we were already there for three hours. Overall a good experience but a shitty move by our server to give me all his ones was the last impression we were left with.
Bern's, Bern's, Bern's.. It's all you hear from the 3-piece and wannabe upper-crust crowds in Tampa. Are the steaks good? Sure, but they are just as good at Charlie's with a smaller price tag attached. The fish here is OK, just OK.. they will tell you how their fish are on premises so the freshness can't be beat, but it still doesn't change the fact that it's just OK.  Also, it might just be me, but it annoys me when top dollar places jam diners in like sardines. The wine list.. one star bump for this fantastic thing. If you're saving up for your kid to go to college, do not open it! The dessert room used to be more enjoyable when smoking cigars was allowed. The desserts are OK but, once again, the dessert wines make up for the deficiencies.
Amazing- Best restaurant experience I've had- Like I said Experience- Food was very good, but the whole experience was breathtaking- Started off with some house Merlot at the bar while waiting for our reservations- Sit at table for the start of marathon courses. 1st the appitizers came out, Oysters- calamari- clams, then the main course, friends had filet, I had porterhouse where you choose your thickness of cut. Steak was cooked to perfection, and was delicious. While digesting, we took the tour of the kitchen, and the wine cellar, (and the private tour of the exclusive wine cellar where I got to hold a $30,000 bottle, and taste a 100+ year old glass of Red. Then after we digested a little, went up for desert to their desert room. If you are in Tampa, and like Steak, this is must do- living near NYC, and having their steak houses near was a great litmus test for Bern's which passed with flying colors! Staff was very accommodating & friendly.
Came here on my trip to Tampa.  Perhaps its because I live in San Francisco and have had some pretty amazing steak from the west coast since we're littered with steak houses, Bern's steak was mediocre at best. Ambiance: Why is it so bright in there??? Turn the wall art down a few decibels. Food: House salad - average French onion soup - delicious Cream corn - good, but small portions and very expensive Truffle mac and cheese - meh Delmonico steak - asked for medium rare, it was overcooked and really dry.  I only send food back if its completely inedible.  So, needless to say, I ate it. Wine tour: Simply amazing.  Coming from the bay area, I was really impressed by the collection.   Dessert room: Had the pineapple dessert, it was also delicious. My date was so thoughtful and despite him not wanting to or enjoying Bern's, he thought that I should at least go since I was in Tampa.  Next time, I would definitely skip this place.
A tradition in Tampa, Bern's is a wonderful restaurant for steaks.  I highly recommend asking for Scott Deambros when you make your reservations, as his service is wonderful and makes sure you are well taken care of. The single most interesting thing about Berns is that the service staff don't just get hired.  You have to work your way up to work in the restaurant.  Bern's grows their own veggies and raises their own cows.  You have to start off in the fields, and move your way into the kitchen as assistants, then finally, after years of hard work, you become a waiter.  Their knowledge of the the food, wine and meat is second to none and I highly recommend you follow your waiter's knowledge (why I recommend Scott again). The Building is quite a surprise. I've driven by it for thirty odd years and it's always been a small, non-descript white building siting in soho, you wouldn't expect such guided decadence (my wife describes it as walking into the haunted mansion at Disney).  It's worth just walking around in to see the flocked wallpaper and little statuettes everywhere. From steak with a crust that makes you wish you ordered one twice as big to blue cheese that is to die for, to a wonderful tour of the kitchen where you can see your meal prepared, to heading into the worlds largest collection of wine, it's quite a treat to eat and be entertained for an evening.  We were so full, we couldn't even make it upstairs to the desert room after eating in main dining. (However, we plan to return to visit the desert room, which you can do without seating at dining) If price is a consideration plan on $150-$180 for a decent meal with wine for two.  I promise you won't be disappointed with the pleasure your taste buds are in for and it is worth the price.
March 3rd is my birthday so I decided to have a nice dinner at Bern's... What a nice place with its unique atmosphere, a high quality food and a great service! There is no doubt, I'll be back. The reservation is a must and the earlier hour you choose the better chances you'll have to get a table. The restaurant is full by 6pm. And you're looking for spending at least three hours there, guaranteed. :) When I made a reservation on-line I got a message about a very particular dress code of the restaurant - as formal as possible. So here we are, me in a nice dress and my husband in suit and tie, sitting at the dinner table and all of a sudden here comes a company in and a man is wearing a yellow polo short, blue jeans and snickers. As soon as I pronounced "Are you kidding me?!.." another man wearing a baseball hat gets seated and he stays in it during his dinner! I realize some people don't bother paying attention to the restaurant's rules but when the stuff does absolutely nothing about it, it 's a shame. That is the minus one star and the only one disappointment I had during the dinner.   Speaking of the stuff we had a great waiter Adam. He was very attentive and I liked his way of speaking - just like a good actor he spoke with confidence pronouncing every word correct and sharp. Not a single time my wine glass was empty, he refilled it right on time and he listened to all our demands: I was very persistent that my entree is served hot (I hate when it is standing on a kitchen counter top) and it truly was! And we also had a chance to watch another waiter preparing Caesar salad at the near table. What a hard and superb job he was doing! As a person who cooks almost every day I can understand what it takes to prepare a good meal so I really enjoyed watching the man beating up the egg yokes by hand, very professional. And because I admired his work aloud we got a folk with a little sample of the salad which was unexpectedly kind of him doing so. :) The food. It is marvelous! I can guarantee that all the ingredients are the highest quality and fresh because I did not have stomach or skin problems the next day (which I usually get after dining at restaurants that use canned food). "Smoked Fish Tasting" appetizer included three different kind of smoked fish accompanied by three different very mild sauces and a fish pate. The last one I really did not care much - it reminded me a tuna salad. And the smoked wild salmon sampler was the best in the trio. "Foie Gras à la Plancha" was superb! The wild mushrooms and truffle oil really brought up the earthy taste of this reach appetizer served warm to the perfection. THE BEST. One more great little dish was Onion Soup. It had the richest beef broth I've had. I think they must have added a beef base or something to it. The nice cheese crust was thick and cooked perfect - baked but not overdone or burned. But! I haven't found a single piece of onion in my onion soup. :) For the entree I ordered "Fresh Catch En Papillote" which came in parchment paper and was open by our server right away in front of me. It was steaming hot and very fragrant! Actually, dealing with all the appetizers, delicious soup and salad and saving some room for the dessert I barely touched my entree so it was put in a box. And we shared it with my husband the next night at the dinner. Deliciously perfect! My husband placed an order for Delmonico steak which came medium rare. He had finished it so I guess it was pretty good. :) To my surprise the dessert room was almost empty. And I wish they had smaller dessert portions because I really hate leaving that part of the dinner on my plate. :) They serve nice large dinners so making desserts smaller would be better. :) And as much as I was looking forward to trying a dessert I was not impressed, unfortunately. My husband had Dulce De Leche Cake which was very chocolaty on the outside but the liquid inside was not very tasty. So it was ok. I had Baked Alaska. It made a good presentation while it was set on fire. But... the liqueur they had to use to do so overwhelmed the taste of meringue which was extremely sweet and still tasted like egg whites.  And I could tell that the inner part of the dessert - a piece of cake and ice-cream were kept in freezer. The cake part was still slightly frozen. Vanilla ice-cream was not very tasty either but it could be because of that sweetness and harsh liqueur  taste of the meringue. I would not recommend any of those two desserts. But their dessert menu is very large and you definitely can choose something else. :) Anyway, I liked dining in Bern's Steak House very much, I'll certainly be back there and I'd recommend it to anybody. You're going to have a delicious dinner in a very nice place.
Berns was an awesome experience. It waa my first time going there so I didn't really know what to expect. It was a really fancy place packed with people. I dressed up for it but Im not sure if that is mandatory even though I think it should be.. I went on a Friday night with a group of four and we had a reservation but still had to wait like 25 minutes. Once we were finally seated the waiters were very friendly and helpful. The steak is amazing, french onion soup is to die for. AND the dessert room was fantastic! I got the macadamia nut sundae and it was heavenly. I can't wait to go back and try more things from there.
I have been going to Bern's since I was 3. Born and raised in Tampa, now in CT, I only get down there maybe once a year. Best. Experience. Ever. Still to this day, it's amazing. It's a bargain- don't let anyone tell you different. For $30, you get soup, salad, a filet, potatoes, onion straws, and 2 veggies. The dessert room upstairs is a MUST. If you're in Tampa, you're a fool not to head here!
This is probably the top dining experience in Tampa. In 30+ years in the area, I had never tried Bern's until last week. My steak was unreal delicious. Even if you aren't usually a "fancy" restaurant person, don't be intimidated. It suits any occasion - romantic dinner, business buddies, or just a night for the best steak in town. They treat you great, and you aren't rushed in and out like most restaurants. And if you pay attention to the menu, it can really be more affordable than you think. Just be prepared to be spoiled - you may never enjoy another restaurant's steak again.
Don't you hate it when your memory of a restaurant is better than the real thing?  I visited Bern's Steak House Saturday night and I was disappointed.  Not by the service, staff, ambience or overall experience, but for the Beef. I ordered the 14 OZ Ribeye which comes standard with soup, salad, baked potato, vegetables and onion rings.  I was full before my steak came, but that is fine with me!  I couldn't wait to have a World Famous Bern's aged steak.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The crust was excellent.  There was no gristle at all.  The downside was that it tasted bland, and the juices were flavorless.  If it was aged, then it was not for long.  There simply  wasn't that wonderful "aged" flavor present at all. I will go back to Bern's and will recommend it to anyone for the "Experience" of an A+ staff, service and  World-class Wines.  But I won't suggest the Ribeye in the end.
5 Stars - 1 for location, 1 for atmosphere, 1 for cost associated with what you receive, 1 for service 1 for quality of food. Bern's Steak House more than exceeds expectations, and I cannot wait to return. There are many reviews that wax poetic about the Bern's experience so I shall leave my pointers that might help you have an experience similar to mine: 1. Make a reservation a few days in advance. 2. When you are seated, tell your waiter that you'd like a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, which will happen after dinner. 3. Say that, yes, you will have dessert in the Harry Waugh Dessert Room after your meal. 4. Order from the extensive wine and cocktail list if you're craving a good drink, but skip it if you want to leave with a fuller wallet. (I had a delicious glass of Pinot Noir, and my boyfriend jokes that his Hemingway drink tasted like a fancier Smirnoff Ice... take that for what you will.) 5. Ignore the appetizers. 6. Whatever cut of meat you are ordering, opt for the smaller weight than what you think you'll want. The Bern's entrees come with a lot of food: French onion soup, a robust salad, fried onion straws, shredded carrots, and a fully loaded baked potato. 7. With the salad, go for the Macadamia Vanilla Bean vinaigrette. My boyfriend said he could drink it straight and he does not have a sweet tooth by any means. 8. As your food comes out, savor every last bite. (I had the Filet and it was cooked perfectly with robust flavors. I tasted the Delmonico and was surprised that I liked that cut as well). 9. Save room for dessert, even if you think you don't want dessert - trust me, you do. 10. Go on your tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Learn about wines that cost more than brand new cars. 11. Arrive at the Harry Waugh Dessert Room where you'll be lead to a private room that allows you to select your own music. 12. Choose your dessert - no easy task when you realize there are over 40 homemade desserts on the list as well as a number of after-dinner drinks. 13. Make sure someone at your table orders the Butterscotch Berns... a delicious drink that can only be described as an alcoholic milkshake. The Chocolate-Chocolate-Chocolate is as amazing as it sounds. 14. Enjoy your dessert, but don't feel ashamed if you have to ask for a doggy bag after two bites. 15. Slowly make your way to your car, drunk on the extremely filling experience that is Bern's Steak House. Also, as some reviewers point out, you can enjoy Bern's and leave for less than $100 for two people so long as you skip the drinks and dessert room. Even with those added in, Bern's is almost a steal for what you get. Having dined at some very nice steak houses in D.C. and Manhattan, I know this meal would have cost triple up there than what it did at Bern's.
Steak is amazing. Desserts are delicious.  Very pricey so bring your credit card.  I recommend Berns for special occasions only due to the price of the place here.  Easily spend $100 per person for steak, drinks, and dessert.
For anyone that doesn't know....go to the bar and have the most amazing steak sandwich or steak burger for around 12 dollars. Yes, it's difficult eating in the lounge if you're sitting on the couches, but really, it's so good, who cares? The burger & sandwich are made from the streak straight outta the kitchen! No fat, just amazingness...plus a side (fries, veggies, onion straws...). The world will have a difficult time topping this option. Any challengers? I'll gladly accept the challenge now that there is quite a bar. Once again, Bern's... superb.
This is an absolute treat.  Given that I have been to many steakhouses across the globe, this is by far and away serve the best steaks.  I have taken many clients here for dinners.  Probably been here at least 20 times.... Reservations are absolutely required.  Otherwise, good luck getting in. Atmosphere -- well, outside it does not look anything special; more or less, a cinderblock.  However, when you walk inside, there is so much red.  In a way, like a brothel. Service - Excellent.  Wait staff knows exactly what they are doing.  Also, it is great to know that your drinks are filled and everything you need is done without you even noticing or asking. Food -- wow, where can I begin.  My favorite appetizer is the escagot (yes... snails).. but it is so good in their butter sauce.   Salads -- they grow their own veggies.  And, it is amazing.  The cheery tomatoes are to die for. As for steaks, you can NEVER go wrong here.  They cook it to your request and to perfection.  Not happy with it, they will give you another.... By the way, if you are interested in fish, they have like 3-4 tanks in the back and they allow you to go back there and choose your fish.  Pretty cool... Back to the steaks.... it is perfectly aged, perfectly cooked, and absolutely amazing.  My only wish is that I wish they serve Kobe Beef here as well (note: I think they used to serve it at Side Bern's down the street). When you are done with the entree, I recommend that you request to ask for the tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar.  Definitely, it is an experience.   After that, go upstairs and have dessert.  Best way to describe it is that they have a private room for you to enjoy your dessert.  The dessert menu/book used to be like several inches thick.  But, nowadays, they made it thinner.  Probably due to OSHA requirements.  Trust me, their waiters were glad that they did.  My recommendation is the Banana Foster.  It is one of the best. Overall, like I said, you can not go wrong with this place.   Absolutely, it is bar far the best!
The interior reminds me of the old Tampa Theater, which is kinda fun to look at while you are waiting to be seated. That and watching everyone who comes in outside of the dress code, which was non-existent despite the pleas of management to dress accordingly. We were sat promptly, although felt rushed to the back "celebrity room ". The room had a nice ambience and our waiter was amazing. The special chateaubriand was not available, but we were schooled by our waiter and told what steaks we would be able to order depending on how we liked them cooked. Medium well, doesn't give you many options at Bern's. The soup and salad were amazing. Try the macadamia dressing! The steaks were served with collard greens, which had enough butter to instantly cause an artery to harden - but we're excellent! They also served carrots, baked potatoes and we ordered the truffle mushrooms. All very good. The stringy onion rings however, were reminiscent of Burger King, and there were more of them then anything else on the plate. The steaks were ok, but really I would not be able to tell the difference between a Bern's steak, and an Outback steak. I expected to be in love and walk away craving more. But, we loved the dessert room! We split the roasted pineapple and king Midas, which were both great. The macadamia ice cream was the best part of the entire evening, so next time I'm just going to the dessert room and ordering a macadamia nut sundae!
A Tampa legend, worthy of the hype for special occassions.
The best ever, hands down, unbeatable.  Eaten here at least 15 times.  I haven't had a better meal.  I'm not over-stating the case.  I hate to give people high expectations, but Berns really is THAT good, and they will easily meet your expectations.  The bar, the appetizers, the wine selection, soup, salad, entree, desert, coffee, scotch... its all fantastic. Anybody who says "yeah well this place in NYC (or Chicago or whatever) is better than Berns" is simply being an idiot should have their Yelp account disabled for foolishness.
Love, love, love the decor, ambiance, mafia vibe.  The filet was superb...I could never eat meat again and would be satisfied.  Got a wonderful tour of the kitchen and wine cellar -- largest collection of wine in the world.  You have to appreciate the staff -- two years of on-site training at the minimum.  Tip well; they are great.  And do not skip the dessert room.  Sitting in a carved out wine barrel listening to old school music and eating a years-perfected macadamia nut ice cream sundae...well, it was quite the experience.
It is not just a great dinner, it is an event!  I highly recommend taking the tours - n/c   This is My favorite restaurant in Tampa.
five, maybe six wow, hadn't been here in more than 10 years; sometime memory is greater than the experience. Here it reality was even better. steak: fillet, warm red center , with garlic butter -- perfect, just delicious; but the extras were each great too: french onion soup, carrots, cauliflower and (sigh) onion rings. I've been trying to avoid fried food like onion rings, but these were thin and not greasy and great taste price, seems expensive at first but considering what you get with it, and best steak ever, seems very reasonable. when can i go back? don't forget to take a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar !
Lots of food w/love, Love the onions rings, service fr Tricia was awesome, food was fresh and rich, tour was a nice touch, and to top off the night w desserts in the dessert rm made for an awesome 1st experience...gotta go back to try have the truffle mac n cheese!
I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here. The service was wonderful as was the food. The decor - and the fact that there are no windows - is the only downside, but given how terrific the food is I will gladly overlook that part! I ordered a 7 oz chateaubriand medium rare. It was cooked to perfection. The steak comes with onion rings, a house salad, baked potato, and French onion soup - all for $35 (it's slightly more if you want sauces or toppings - I highly recommend either the onions or the garlic!). $35 isn't cheap for plenty of people, but I think it's a very good value for the quality and quantity of food that you're getting. And this sounds weird, but I absolutely could not stop eating the onion rings. They're really good! Aside from the food, they offer tours of their kitchen and wine cellar after the meal. I thought this was really cool and I like that they open the space up so that people can learn more about their preparation, etc. The tours are fairly quick, but really - how often do you get to tour the kitchen at other places? I ended the dinner with a reservation at the upstairs dessert room. They seemed to have a good variety of desserts, and I ended up ordering a sampler of sorts (Taste of Bern's). I think this was a good choice since it gives you the opportunity to try different things. Overall, I thought the desserts were very good. Certainly not the best I've ever had, but solid. I definitely recommend this place. I can see myself coming back.
With 200+ reviewers averaging to a 4.5, who am I to argue with this. Its about where I fell out. Not quite a 5 (for me best in class) but more than a 4. Bern's is an experience  more than just a meal and this puts it into a class beyond the high end steak chains. Entering Bern's is like coming into a high end bordello. (Not that I've ever done that!) The red lights alert you to the sensuous experience to follow. The 1950's shopping center that houses the place has been carved into a number of dining rooms with differing themes. Some how I always wind up in the Rhone room. But enough of this decor...more to come... Service is impeccable. I'm told that each waiter has a name and there are no duplicates. If you are Jim and another enters service after you, he has to assume another name. (I don't use he inclusively here, I've never noticed any "she's"). From what I understand waiters tend to be lifers and are not just some aspiring actors looking for a job. Two things on the menu set Bern's apart from the chains or for that matter a lot of high end protean palaces. The meals are inclusive of the accompaniments and you get to pick from a wide variety of thickness and weight for different cuts. I ordered a rib eye that was perfectly done and fork tender. A  beautiful steak, never to be shamed.  The salad was generally good but the tomatoes were lousy to this tomato snob...  mine are a lot better even if they grow their own. The onion rings were superb and the other veges were OK. But hey, we ain't here for the veges. The wine list is perhaps a national treasure but we wound up with a couple of well named duds from the cab world. A product of how they are kept in the tropical environment? Don't know as they are held at low temps and treated very well. Desert is another experience in itself. First you have to go upstairs to the separate desertasarium, a number of low lit private rooms...hmmm back to the bordello concept. The menu as with all of the Bern's menus is a book of desert and post prandial liquors. The selection is superbly decadent. People blanch at the prices but for my party of five the price was about the same as my half of a 3 person bill in a Capitol Grill in Manhattan. Well worth the price of the experience! By the way, the tour recommended by the other reviews is well worth it. You get a great background and get to see a tiny part of a huge wine cellar.
For those of you who like to eat at the bar, they serve an amazing steak sandwich, that is easy on the wallet. The bartender is friendly and as we all know the wine selection is ridiculous
Once again a superb meal accompanied by top shelf service. This is our 3rd trip, we drive up from Bonita Springs (about 2.5 hours) at least once a year normally with friends but this time it was just my wife and 2-year old son. We got caught in weather and were late getting there (we had called ahead to let them know) and they were gracious in accommodating us. You could tell that they were nervous to sit another party next to us with a toddler, but after our waitress and 2 other tables stopped by to tell us how amazing our kid was, they sat a table. Our son had his appetizer and meal (which they brought our early for him) and fell asleep on the table (success!) Our appetizer, salads and meal were spot on as usual. This is our first time without dessert or a tour but in all fairness it was probably because we ate so much. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Yes I am aware that this is not the cheapest place around, but for my tastes, it is certainly one of the best I have ever had and will continue to recommend it to my friends and family.
Awesome!  I grew up in Tampa and have been going to Bern's since I was a kid - am 50 yrs old now and am fortunate enough to have been here at least 40 times! My absolute favorites are the *French Onion Soup *Steak Tartare (original recipe) can be ordered as an appetizer or as a meal *Delmonico Steak *Filet Mignon *Banana Daiquiri You will love anything you try!
I don't write a lot of Yelp reviews, but I do on other sites.  I have adopted a policy where I don't given any place 5 stars (since I assume other 5-star reviews are written by employees) and I don't give any place 1 star (since I assume 1-star reviews are written by the competition).  Bern's is the only place for which I will break that policy. Other reviewers have done a much better job than I ever could at extolling the virtues of this restaurant, so I won't even try.  Phenomenal steaks.  Incredible service. Wanna try a cognac as old as your grandfather?  Two words: dessert room. One word of caution: if you're like me, and you like to finish your first cocktail and have another on the way before you even touch the menu, this is your kind of restaurant.  If you expect to be finished with everything and hit the road 60 minutes after your reservation time, maybe pick a different place.  Dining at Bern's is an experience to be meditatively savored.
I went to dinner with a some friends that dine here fairly regularly. I was forewarned that with our 7pm reservation, we shouldn't plan on being home before midnight. It's quite the experience going through all the courses and touring the kitchen and wine cellar. If you can embrace turning dinner into an all night affair you will enjoy yourself. The food... Best damn Caesar salad I've ever had. Tuna Tartare was divine. I had my very first brush with Escargot... I'm a fan.  I liked the shrimp cocktail in that the cocktail sauce was very good and rich, the shrimp was cooked beautifully and carefully peeled. On the desert front, I had Brown Sugar and the stuff was delicious. The steak... 10oz filet mignon; med. rare.  Phenomenal. *The single reason I'm not giving 5 stars... We had oysters on the half shell. I grew up on gulf seafood, from Louisiana to as far southeast as Tampa, and when I order oysters on the half shell by G-d I want oysters in that shell. That was not only the most expensive tray of a dozen oysters I've ever seen but the smallest dozen I've ever seen as well. So aside from the oysters I was thoroughly impressed. Give it a shot and don't be in a hurry.
I had a wonderful & unique experience here.  After reading/studying the menu, I was a little intimidated before I even walked in.  The lobby IS like walking into the haunted mansion at Disney.  The orange lights freaked me out and I felt like all of the head portraits were blinking and looking at me. We were seated immediately with reservations and Conner was our server. I highly recommend reading the menu online before going because you really appreciate the training & passion these guys have for service.  Conner had a good sense of humor and made our experience even more enjoyable. Again, read the menu ahead of time - you won't be nearly as overwhelmed; at least by the food.  It's 18 pages long....and the wine list is like, 200+ pages.   So, for starters: Cheese crackers - unique and delicious.  Tuna Tartar - needed a little more seasoning for me, but quality was very good.  Truffled potato chips - again, needed a little more seasoning and couldn't taste the truffle (which is a sin!)  Escargot - excellent especially the garlic bread you could dip in the sauce after.   With every steak you get soup, salad, vegetable medley, onion rings & a baked potato.  The bowl of French onion soup - good portion, very hearty, perfect consistency.  Salad was fresh & delicious - you could taste the quality.    We ordered the truffled mac and cheese, truffled mushrooms, and truffled creamed corn ala cart (see the trend, here?).  The mac and cheese was absolutely delicious.   For the steak, know what cut, size and thickness you want.  Stick to what you like the best.   I love New York strip - and so my steak was perfect.  My friend ordered the Delmonico, but it was a little too fatty for him (but that's the way the steak is).  The Chateaubriand is not fatty enough for me; although considered a superior cut.  Again, order what steak you usually love, and you can't go wrong. Unfortunately we had a flight to catch and couldn't go to the dessert room.  It was my birthday and I'm still pouting about it.......
I love Bern's. Some people say its not that great, but I say its a fabulous restaurant. Steaks are delicious, the desserts are amazing, the staff is friendly and service is great. The room you go to for dessert is really something special, and the tour of the wine cellar is very cool. Although the food and drinks are expensive, it is well worth it. I strongly recommend.
I came for a work outing and had one of the best meals of my life! I was surprised to find that every component of your meal (other than drinks) comes with your steak. I had a 6oz filet (somewhere around $40) and it came with salad, deliciously cheesy French onion soup, bread, baked potato, greens and carrot "slaw". Everything was seasoned & cooked perfectly. I ordered a glass of wine (asked the waiter to select it) and it was one if the best glasses I've had. Ever. Shortly after dinner we did a kitchen tour. The guide was funny & engaging. Everyone behind the scenes was working with a purpose! Not only that but the kitchen was almost spotless and we learned Bern's had their own metal shop where they custom make all of their stainless steel tables, etc. the wine cellar was next in the tour and was just mind-blowing. Again, guide was super knowledgable and engaging. There was a bottle on sale/display for $30,000. Mind-blowing! We finally made it to the dessert room. Very retro and a special experience for sure. They have an extensive list of dessert wine, rum, housemade masterpieces (baked Alaska, Granny Smith apple pie, ice creams, coffees - beans roasted in house daily) it's hard to make a choice. I cannot wait to go back!
We've been here a few times, and each time it's been great. Everything there is to say has already been said here, so I'll keep it short: delicious food, great atmosphere, and amazing deserts. Can't wait to go back again!
I am so sick of seeing Bern's as Tampa's #1 restaurant...this means nothing. Tampa is NOT known for great food, and the fact that Bern's is Tampa's shining star, is really sad. The inside is old, moldy and dated...like most establishments in Florida. My boyfriend and Dad got sick from the oysters. The steaks were good...but I've had good steaks in CT, MA and NY that were good if not better, and didn't cost $60.00. The sides were BLEHHH. Honey glazed carrots that are under cooked?? Ok...."Truffle" butter. Anddd that's it. Okay then. Over $250.00. So not worth it.
Bern's steakhouse is definitely a culinary experience, from the moment you walk in you get taken back in time.  From the carpeting, to the velvet bannisters, to the statues it all becomes an experience like no other.  The service is what you would expect of a great steakhouse, the menu gives you tons of options so if you happen to be with someone who doesn't eat meat well they have alot of fish and chicken dishes.  The steaks are juicy and delicious, the wine cellar tour and kitchen tour is a must.
A few years ago I visited Tampa for the first time, and everyone talked about going to dinner at Berns.  Arriving to the nondescript warehouse white venue and entering the foyer adorned in what could best be described as "New Orleans Bordello-esque" I was dreading the evening.  I was wrong.  Decidedly and delightfully. An evening at Berns is a gastronomic event that will not be forgotten. The bill-of-fare and operation is memorable for it's expansiveness and 'vertical quality', respectively.  And the quality is equaled only by the quantity.  With a wine cellar hosting over 800,000 (!) bottles it's little wonder that the august Wine Spectator has retired the coveted "Restaurant of the Year" annual award to Berns. After my first visit, I managed to send a pdf of the menu to a well-heeled, world-class wine connoisseur friend. Travel arrangements for a first hand visit were booked soon thereafter.  Rave reviews followed. I recommend going with a group so that the expansive and unusual offering (including not-to-be-missed Okinawan sweet potatoes) can be better sampled. While the steak may not be the nation's finest (Peter Luger's holds that distinction) and the desserts not as exquisite as others (i.e. Citrus), the overall experience (make sure you plan to be there for at least 3 hrs and take the kitchen tour they offer) is...well, I'll say it again:  memorable.  It's not to be missed. p.s. If you want a similar quality meal with a little more contemporary edge and creativity, then go to Sideburns for their execution of  Burns epicurean excellence. Many (e.g.myself and my associates) actually prefer it to the more staid Burn's experience.  Finery without the fuss.
I love this place - must do in Tampa. The steaks are very good, but the old school atmosphere is what brings you back . Do the tour, do the desert bar, make a memory.
Without a doubt, the best steak I have ever had.  I highly recommend the Delmonico steak. The service was a bit slow at times, but the waiters are true experts on steaks.  The white truffle mac and cheese is un-freaking-real.  We went for a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, and then had an amazing dessert in the dessert room upstairs.  It's a phenomenal dessert menu.  I would say to try to save room, but that's not realistic.  I did not save room, but I had a hot fudge sundae anyway!
So I am going to keep this short and sweet since there are already 75 reviews of this place. The Rating - believe the hype The Steak - OMG.  Not a huge meat lover, but have never had a steak this well prepared.  They educate you about the cut, the thickness, how to best have it prepared, and have a gazillion crusts and toppings you can add. The Service - Can we give more than 5 stars? Impeccable and as previously mentioned these waiters/waiteress have to train and wait for a long time to hit the floor.  The restaurant employees over 200 people!!!  The girl who gave the kitchen tour said the last person promoted to the front of the house trained for "20" months.   The wine - if you can't find something here in your price and taste, you are an idiot.  Wine cellar is huge and they have plenty of bottles available by the glass.   The DESSERT - yes, save room.  Yes, it is worth it.  No, it is not fat free but for the love of God after all you have eaten why not top it off.  I don't think you can go wrong and there is a whole other room upstairs if you want to have your dessert there.   Overall  - can't say enough good things about it.  Worth every penny.  Make reservations. We were there on a Tuesday evening and the place was filled to capacity. You work hard!  You deserve to spoil yourself a little and check this place out.
Always had a wonderful experience, food, and time! Love going there for special occasions. It is a truly a dining experience. Careful to not overeat because the food is so good. I rec getting an entree so you can get all the delicious courses. You can always ask them to box up leftovers. And if you save room...going to the dessert room for macadamia nut icecream- comes in a waffle cone with a boat of hot fudge on the side. It can be shared. If newbies come, it is fun to go on a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. It is such a great place!!!!!
Bern's completely and fully redeemed themselves from the Bern's I used to know. We called at 7pm on a Tuesday night for reservations and they told us 7:15pm, so we rolled up, valeted the car, and were on our epicurean journey. Kurt S was our waiter. Gold tie. Stellar service. He was a great server and anticipated our needs throughout dinner. I ordered a glass of the Francois Vouvray dry white wine. Around $11/glass and well worth it. It was very smooth and perfect for my pre-meal drink. I normally order a steak, but seeing how I just ate at Charley's 3 days prior, I opted for their rack of lamb. Fabulous choice. Grilled medium rare and served with the typical accompaniments of a baked potato, fresh haricot verts, fried onion hoops, and chopped carrots. The hubby ordered the surf and turf special; a filet grilled perfectly medium rare, and lobster polenta (which was PHENOMENAL). Our friend ordered the same meal and was blown away as well. He was the same friend with us on our previous encounter at Bern's with the awful server, Jamal. Kurt S, you have restored my faith in Bern's again! Thank you:)
Not sure if I had high expectations due to reading and recommendations from friends and yelp but I was really disappointed with Berns. The service was excellent.  The french onion soup was probably the best I ever had... The salad was good.   My strip steak on the other hand... was bland and over cook.  I ordered 12oz strip steak medium-rare and it came out more like medium-well.  Even the kind waiter agreed and sent it back to the kitchen.  The 2nd steak... failed.  Again, I asked for medium-rare and got rare. I mean it was raw inside and barely seared on the outside.  At this point I didn't want to make a fuss about it so I just ate as much as I could around the steak.  Also, there seems to be no seasoning of any kind on my steak.  All 3 of my friends had the same assessment. The decor inside are classic and old but gives the place a warm feeling.   The Wine cellar is cool but over price on most of the bottles. The dessert room is fun.  I was too tired to try any of it. I spent $70 w/ taxes and tip. My group (4 of us) spent a total of $280. Save your money for Mon Venus and go eat somewhere else cheaper.
Outstanding experience. A destination restaurant. Steak had an incredible charcoal taste. The tour of wine cellar is amazing. Dessert room is worth theb trip alone. Highly recommend
What is there to say about Bern's that hasn't already been said on one of these reviews.  The steakhouse is an experience.  The service is first class, from the minute you walk in until you need to be rolled out of Harry Waugh's dessert room.  I went recently for my Birthday and I could not have been more satisfied (except maybe a free dessert on your bday?).  The place is massive and has a certain charm to it.  The service is amazing and the rooms are private, so the noise level is moderate to low.  I ordered the 17oz Chateaubriand for 2 (medium rare hot) with an order of the white truffle mac (highly recommend).  All of the steaks come with soup, salad, potato, greens, and onion strings. The soup was excellent, and we had the Cesar salad for 2.  It was delicious and prepared table side by our server who did a wonderful job.  The only issue I had, was that I didn't know it wasn't included in the cost of the meal and $25 for a salad is high when it's not a large portion, oh well, it was delicious.  The steak was cooked perfectly and aged well so it wasn't bloody at all when you cut into it, yet it couldn't be more tender.  I enjoy the crust of the Chateaubriand and I would recommend it over the filet for that reason, but to each their own.  The truffle mac was incredible and creamy, not a baked dish which I was initially worried about, but was much better this way.   The tour of the kitchen and wine cellar is a must if it's your first time (as it was mine).  It's incredible the staff they have and to see all the working parts preparing such a perfect meal.  The wine cellar is tight, but you get to see a Latour that will run you about $30,000, it hurt my eyes just looking at it. The desset room is another experience in itself.  From what I hear, you can make a reservation just for it, and the bill is separate.  I had the (waitresses recommendation) macadamia nut sundae.  I was shy about ordering it until she informed us that Bern spent 6 years perfecting the recipe.  It was incredible, I wouldn't try anything else if I go back (see photo). Overall, Bern's is everything that you' want out of a steakhouse, just be prepared to spend 2-3 hours for dinner and make sure you make a reservation.
It does one of the things it's famous for really well - steak. At the table we got a couple of Delmonicos, and filets. All cooked perfectly. Here is what's great about Bern's after dinner you can take a tour of the kitchen and cellar before heading to the dessert room upstairs. Really great experience, amazing wine selection, a little on the traditional styling, but that's probably part of the charm.
I have heard a lot about this place, but I was not impressed.  I felt like this is just some lame place the tourist and locals with low self-esteem go to eat.  So when I was in Tampa for a very important business meeting I stopped in.  I thought the concept was great.  They grow their own beef and vegetables on their own farm, just like Mc Donald and Dominos.  Hey, taking a page out of their playbook just makes sense. Too bad they have the farm in Florida.  They should move it to the Midwest where everything is better.  Also, they are too easy going on whom they let in.  I think one fellow pimped out his wife to bums for a few bags of pop cans to have enough money to eat here.  To bad all these people who give it 5 stars will never be allowed in some of my favorite places to eat, in the greatest American City, Ann Arbor.  Well, enjoy your Floridian beef.
Pay for the steak, get  a meal! Everyone in Tampa can enjoy the aged chateaubriand here. Classy refined tastes recognize the painstaking details of every fruit of labor. Capitalize affordability: grab the best burger you've ever had in your entire life, at the bar. Don't look for it on the menu, it's not there. It tastes like filet mignon in a soft toasted buttered bun with fries that crunch like each one was individually dipped into the burning pit of hell's fryer. $12......!!!!!!! Best ever, ever, EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! Perfect every time.
Dear men everywhere: please make sure that the woman you are taking to Bern's Steak House knows she is going on a date. Maybe give her a head's up that the restaurant you have picked has been featured on the Food Network and is famous for growing its own food. This is not a place where old friends of the opposite sex go to "catch up." Be prepared ladies, that man who decided to take you here is trying to get in your pants and he is bringing his A-game (also, you should probably opt for a dress instead of pants). Bern's throws back to old Hollywood glamour once you walk in the doors. As you make your way to the host stand, you'll stand back and wonder if this property is what Disney World used for inspiration when building The Haunted Mansion. It is very dimly lit with red carpet and red velvet walls adorned with elaborate portraits. There are several separate dining rooms to enjoy your meal. And you will enjoy your meal. Ordering filet mignon? Sounds good, you will get a home grown salad, a potato, fried onions, and the most delicious French Onion soup you have ever had. Skeptical about the food quality? That's cool, you can just go on a kitchen tour to see for yourself. If you're still hungry, then make your way up the mahogany staircase to the dessert room. That's right, Bern's has a floor dedicated to dessert. And it's worth it.
What a great place.  First time here - two of us from Tampa, two from out of town.   Highlights included great steaks, great salads, great lobster bisque.  Wine list fantastic.  Best part was tour of kitchen and wine cellar.   Dessert room great too.  The overall experience was as good as it gets.
Amazing wine, check! Amazing food, check check! Amazing service? Check! This place has it all! History, great food and a wine cellar that will leave you wondering why you don't have one of these at your house! It has become a tradition to eat at berns every year! The escargot is a must! Try the steak! Any steak! You don't be disappointed! Make sure you request the tour of the restaurant BEFORE you sit down to eat! Why? Because you will be so full at the end that you will not want to walk! Their dessert room is insane, just make sure you have the macadamia nut ice cream! You'll thank me later!
Wow! With all of the glowing reviews of this place, all I can say is I WISH I had half the "experience" most of you have had! I am a Tampa Bay "native", born and raised, and I have been to Burn's on more than a few occasions... And I have never had a good experience here! Burns is the "definition" of OVERRATED! I wish I could give a glowing review but I cant... even if my Mother preached the tried and true statement "if you have nothing nice to say then don't say anything at all". What is good about Burns? The dessert room is very cool as is the wine list (and tour). What is not so good about Burns? Well, pretty much everything else. Lets start with the steak. It is right on par with Applebees. No disrespect to Applebees but for the price of the steak, it's very overpriced for the steak that you actually receive. I will mention again, I have eaten here numerous times (mostly because I was taken here for business or for other reasons) and I have never had a good piece of beef that is on par with the price that they charge. You have to go to Shula's or Charley's for that. The sides are okay but once again, a bit overpriced for what you actually receive. The interior is (as many in my circle have put it) rather "stuffy". The service is spotty as well. Sometime we have had an excellent waitperson and sometimes we have had someone who was "rushed" or went MIA at inconvenient times. But like I said, the wine and dessert are excellent overall. When its up to me and when its on my dime I prefer Shula's, Charley's, Capitol Grill and I would pass on Burn's every time.
Bern's - an incredible find in Tampa, the food was very good and reasonably priced and I mean reasonably priced.  These guys don't bleed you with an ala carte menu, steaks come with sides.  I split a porterhouse (25oz) with a colleague and even though that cut is a lot of bone I had more than enough steak - they had this 25oz monster pegged for a single diner.  The service was incredible.  This place is serious old school.  The take you on a tour of the "working" wine cellar and the kitchen after dinner and then take you to yet another dining room for desert.  The whole experience was really over the top considering that we are in Tampa and that by no means is an attempt to berate this city!  I'd absolutely return!   We were dining with a serious wine enthusiast that ordered some incredible bottles!  Here is what we had wine wise, I've never had wine this old - it was a very interesting experience to say the least: 1924 Grand Vin de Leoville De Marquis de Las Cases St. Julien Medoc 1975 Mirassou Monterey Petite Sirah 1982 chateau Lanessan Haute Medoc Delbos Bouteiller 1943 Chateau Mouton Rothschild
Let's be honest. From the outside, the place looks a little sketch. No windows. Plain white building. Inside? I have no idea what I walked in to. So many different colors and lights and paintings. Fancy? Maybe? I'm not too sure what it was. We had a 7pm reservation (mind you, we had to wait 6 weeks to get a 7pm reservation on a Saturday night in early April). This better be an amazing meal to wait 6 weeks for. It was very crowded inside the 'waiting area'. We weren't called until 7:20. After not eating much at all that day, it was the longest 20 minutes I ever had to wait. Once seated, we were presented with a wine list (BOOK- much emphesis on reading the wine BOOK). So much wine. Everywhere. Not much of a wine drinker I ordered a Cigar City beer (which they were out of- the brewery isn't far, go pick some up!). The one downside- which, really wasn't a 'downside', just a little irritating, was that our server seemed overwhelmed. I could tell a couple other waiters in the area seemed to have the routine down pat, so maybe our guy was new. Eventually the order was taken and the food parade began. French onion soup- great! Salad- great! Where's the steak!? My 9oz Chateaubriand came out perfectly. The baked potato, veggies, and onion straws accompanied the plate perfectly. Everything was perfect and the plate was clean by the time I was finished. Thought the dessert room was fun and there are so many options. I will come back for dinner of course, but coming to the dessert room alone would be a treat. Valet was quick to get my car back. Overall, a fantastic experience and well worth the cost (which- with all that comes with the steak is an amazing value). Locals and tourists, enjoy!
This review is short and sweet - AMAZING!!!! They have the best steaks ever and they accommodate my gluten allergy by having fantastic gluten free menu options.  The ambiance is perfect. Always make a reservation and don't forget the tour + dessert room. If you love steak it is absolutely essential you try out Bern's once in your life!!! It is a bit pricey but the couple times I have been, it's 100 percent worth it!!! Love, love, love this place. Best of the Bay, hands down :)
Oh, If only they had stayed as good as the first time I went there! But that is wishful thinking- Bern's Steakhouse has gotten worse over the years. One thing will always be fabulous, always the star: their Chateaubriand for two. Another thing that is great are their side dishes, especially the baked potatoes (or maybe it's because I haven't met a potato I haven't liked). The decor is over done- you see a LOT of red and romance- it hits you in the face. You are offered a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar. It is very intriguing to see "behind the scenes" The desert room is a romantic place to eat dessert. If it is your birthday, the live piano player will sing "Happy Birthday"! All in all, Bern's is great, but not the best.
This is the best restaurant in Tampa. The atmosphere, the food, the service...everything is incredible. We started out with some appetizers: the carpaccio and the steak tartare. Both were good, but I have serious cravings for the steak tartare to this day. The steaks were awesome too. The price is high, but for what you get, it isn't outrageous because the steaks come with a lot of other sides as well. The French onion soup is amazing. The service is wonderful as well, but expect to be there for a while. Bern's isn't your Outback Steakhouse. It's a dining experience, which means you'll be there for a while. If you do the wine cellar tour (which you should do, FYI), expect to be there for a few hours. We headed over to the dessert room which was incredible like everything else.  All in all, this is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my entire life. I will definitely be back!
If I had to encapsulate Bern's into one phrase, it would be "old school".  Everything fits into this mold: the service, the decor, the food.  For some things, that's good, and in others, it's not so great.  But at least the experience is consistent. I went here as part of my trip to Tampa, and as soon as my boss heard I was going to Bern's, she volunteered "That place looks like a whorehouse inside."  She was right.  The decor was probably cutting edge circa 1970, when Ye Olde Western Art of Ye Olde West was de rigueur for a steakhouse in this vein.  But luckily the food, though just as antiquated, made up for the musty red velvet curtains and bronzed Greek statues.  A word of advice if you're heading Bern's way: get a reservation, because it's possibly the only way you'll get served.  It's refreshing to see a place that's such an institution still have a pretty healthy demand for seating. Bern's online menu was required reading before I showed up, as it seems rather complicated at first glance.  You pick your meat, which ranges from around $35 to the upper stratosphere, depending on cut and size.  I decided to go simple and chose a 6 oz. filet mignon and was not disappointed.  But before I got to the steak, there was a parade of included sides and starters to be had first.  Yes, the meat costs $$$, but you get a practical feast to go alongside it.  Between a salad, French onion soup, bread, mixed veggies, potato chips and Bern's own "very special appetizer" (really resembles a Triscuit with cheese on it), I had to pace myself before I got to the steak.  And boy, was I ever glad.  Easily up there with some of the best I'd ever had.  It's cooked very simply, but the beef is so fantastic it doesn't need much helping it out, though you can choose from a plethora of sauces if your heart so desires. The service was pretty spectacular.  Very attentive, very personable, and just plain good.  Didn't balk a minute at splitting checks and kept us well plied with food and drink the entire evening.  Our server was an especially chatty fellow who ended up giving us a dessert on the house though we didn't make it upstairs to Bern's dedicated dessert room--a fantastic coffee ice cream with Macadamia nuts.  You can tell the waitstaff has been there forever--with all the hoops these guys and gals have to jump through to become a server there, you'd be crazy not to. All in all, it was a really good dining experience, though the interior could use a little bit of updating.  In retrospect, however, the "time capsule" decor makes it just a little bit charming.  I was glad for the opportunity to experience something that was authentically Tampa during my short stay in the city.
We have been visiting Bern's Steak House for over 30 years! I cannot put into words how wonderful this place is. The best place in Tampa to eat, period.
What's not to love about Bern's Steakhouse? They have the best aged chateaubriand and the largest wine cellar in the southeastern US. With unparalleled food and service, Bern's is truly the best of the best.
Please note, this review is based solely on our experience with the dessert room upstairs.  We are vegetarians, and while the restaurant itself had some very delicious sounding meat free items, we opted to skip straight to dessert. I have only one negative point about this place, so I'm going to get it out of the way first so I can spend the rest of my review raving about all the good things.  The booths in the dessert area are semi-enclosed and offer patrons the option to pick music to play while they eat.  The only problem is that there is no volume control, so no matter which station you chose, it was quickly overruled by the person down the row blasting the pop station.  A little bit of volume limiting would be appreciated, however compared to the din of the downstairs dining area when it's crowded, I'm sure it's still fairly quiet. Now on to the good- everything else.  We decided to start out with some cheese tasting and some of their house roasted coffee.  The cheeses are $6 each and they give you a generous portion along with a complimenting side item and very tasty bread crisps.  They had a wide variety of cheeses from several countries and animals and all three choices we had were delicious.  Our waiter was extremely helpful when it came to helping us decide which cheeses we wanted.  The coffee was also amazing and at $3 a cup, there's no reason you shouldn't have some. Our cravings for savory sated, we then moved on to desserts.  They have three or four pages of desserts to choose from, so this took quite a while.  Eventually I decided on the carrot cake with macadamia nut ice cream and my wife had a whipped chocolate cake.  Our waiter advised us that one of the many things Bern's was known for was the macadamia nut ice cream (they make all of their flavors inhouse) and I can see why.  The carrot cake was good, more brownie than cakey, but it mostly served to soak up what little of the ice cream managed to melt before I ate it all.  My wife's cake was somehow both light and fluffy, yet still dense enough that it was very satisfying without becoming overpowering. Even though we missed out on the wine celler tour and many of the other things Bern's is famous for, I thoroughly enjoyed our experience and look forward to going back again soon.  Bern's is a pricey place, but it's also a place you have to go to at least once while you are in Tampa.  Though be warned, once will never be enough.
This is what steakhouses and restaraunts should aspire to be.  Clean, superior service, and quality food.  Steaks cooked to perfection and sides and desert that are amazing.
The best way I can describe Bern's is that it's like Steakhouse Disneyland. It can be a really fun, immersive experience but you have to embrace it from the start and expect to pay handsomely for the experience. The restaurant looks like the decor has not been changed since the 50's. This is either a good thing or a bad thing depending on your perspective. I liked it. The service was the kind of very professional service you expect from high end steakhouses. It was friendly and helpful, but never stuffy or pretentious. The steak was wonderful. The sides were very good. The tour of the kitchen and wine cellar is a must. Really interesting for anyone with even a passing interest in food and wine. Then onto dessert in a separate floor above the steakhouse with a piano player and individual booths. This was really different and fun and the desserts (and bourbon selection) were great. Dinner at Berns was like a night at the theater. It really felt like it could be the focal point of a special night out. That makes the price well worth it. You certainly get full value.
I am shocked by anyone who would give this less than 5 stars. Best steakhouse experience I have ever had. The wine list has wines from 1700s-2006 with WBG from the 70s. The wine is stored in a cellar with over 800,000 wines - including an 1841 Lafite ($10k). The steaks come with soup (french onion), a salad, potatoes, and veggies. The 12oz NY strip was about $45 which is very reasonable - especially considering all the additional items (normal steakhouses charge 8-9 for a salad or soup. I ordered the strip Pitts-Rare and it was cooked perfectly. My date thought her filet was a bit dry...but I thought it was delicious (she ordered MR). We also ordered the Spinach Gratin which was one of the best I've ever had. I ordered a split of 1960 Cote Rotie, a Rutz Pinot Noir, and a 78 Rhone. Everything but the glass of 78 was fantastic. For dessert, we had a "crusted port" (blends of multiple vintages and aged for an additional 2 years) and a Sauternes with our Creme Brulee. The Sauternes and creme brulee were outstanding - but I wouldn't order the port again. We also had a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Our server, Juan, was extremely knowledgeable about the place and the wine. Servers must train for 2 years before they're allowed on the floor (including time on the farm up the street). One server has been there for 21 years without missing a single day (they close only on Labor day and Christmas). Dinner for 2 people, including a split of 60 Cote Rotie, 2 glasses of wine came to $170. Dessert for 2, including 1 glass of port, 1 glass of Sauternes, and a creme brulee came to $37. Quite an impressive meal for $110/person. With the exception of French Laundry - I can't imagine a better experience.
A must when dining in Tampa. Take your time and follow the "instructions" when ordering and you will get a  perfect steak. I ordered  the 10oz Delmonico medium. It came out exactly as described. Go with the garlic butter "brush".  A beautiful "real" french onion soup and salad, along with veggies and a starch come with steaks. Ala carte items available, but the "standard" meal was portioned perfectly for three "big guys". Total bill with a couple of drinks each just under $200, very reasonable. The tour of the kitchen and wine cellars remains a delight. And the dessert room, and desserts, must be experienced. Take your time withe menu and ask questions. The wait staff is excellent (training period 18 -24 months including 20 hours, two at a time, on the farm at which they grow their own veggies) and well versed on the menu.
Food: Personally I thought it was the best steak I had ever had. I've traveled the world and I've been to quite a few steakhouses. Try the Chateaubriand. It has really great flavor. Atmosphere: It has an old style steak house that reminds me of an old New York steakhouse like Peter Lugars. It's got great. If you've never been then ask about the tour of Burns. They bring you all through the kitchen and the wine cellar. It's worth a few minutes to see how the place runs. Service: Excellent. Wines: Has the largest selection in North America. What else can you ask for? Price: Some say it's over priced. I didn't think so. I'm from NY where it's still more expensive at your run of the mill steak house. So I'd side on the less expensive for the quality of food and service. Enjoy.
My favorite restaurant in the world! Yes, more expensive than most, but so, so, so, worth it. Not only do you get a great experience, you get amazing food...and lots of it. Your meal begins in the downstairs dining areas. I've had many delicious meals here, but the French Onion Soup, Vanilla Bean Macadamia Nut salad dressing, and onion rings served as a side with my steak stand out. Of course the steak is awesome. This is a full-time, high income job for the waiters, so they're great. "Jim" has been my favorite, and you're able to request your waiter. Take the kitchen tour on your way to the dessert room (upstairs). The dessert room can be experienced without dinner, but they're best together. You're given a semi-private room, often with live piano music playing. I've loved every dessert I've had, and with large group dessert outings, I've tried many. Be sure to have coffee to accompany your dessert.
From the outside it looks like an industrial warehouse but inside it's quite comfortable. The salads are said to be homegrown and they taste like it too. The dessert room feels like you're going into a private club. If you don't count calories it's a thoroughly enjoyable evening.
Cant go wrong here.  Its a fun experience.  Any negative reviews of this place are suspect. Have you ever been invited in for a kitchen tour at another restaurant? My guess is that if you have, it was an exception, not the rule.  At Bern's it is the rule...and it's fun..   Service is almost always excellent.  Suggest you avoid Holidays, Fathers/Mothers/Valentines days, and go on a weekday when the Tampa Bay residents/locals go to Bern's. The wine cellar....I could spend hours in there! Wine selection is the BEST in the world - don't take it from me, read the Spectator, Advocate and Enthusiast....Take the tour and you will see. Desert room(s) are old school and wonderful, and the deserts are second to none.   Coffee roasted and ground on site, and then brewed in Illy coffee machines....the best you can buy. This place is a must see for everyone, and it is an EXCELLENT value. I suggest the 6 oz Chateaubriand tips, Not only do you get three perfectly grilled "chunks" of  the meat,, you get that char-grilled crust on the outside,  that in my opinion is the best part of a perfectly grilled medium rare steak.  It is the best deal on the menu, bar none. Say "Hi!" to Marco at the bar, he has been there for years, and is a really nice guy. Quit reading and just go!
I will be updating this soon, but the place is simply out of this world.   Possibly and probably the best dining experience that I have ever had!  Yelp should think about adding another star for Berns!  Todd was our waiter and he was also the most helpful and knowledgeable waiter I have had.  Their wine selection is mind blowing!
One of the best steaks I have had.  I love the wine room...so beautiful.  So classic!
Five stars for experience. Five stars for french onion soup. Five stars for dessert. Four stars for steak. When I first came to Tampa, I was told I had to go to Bern's. So I did. If it is your first time, make sure you do everything! The full dinner, wine cellar/kitchen tour, and the dessert. It is such a great experience and the staff is the best. They are knowledgeable, friendly, and ensures that you have a good time. I probably won't go back for the full dinner since it takes about 3 hours but would love to go back again!
I am so picky, a perfectionist, very critical and I always find something wrong with a meal. This was the best meal I have ever had, everything was perfect, service food and ambiance. I do not love steak, I never go out for steak, so they even made me love something I think is ok. I normally never go out for steak because they always over cook it and I cannot eat over cooked steak or fish I find it nauseating and inedible. I wish they were in Las Vegas, as I will never have a reason to go Tampa Florida again. Every steakhouse I eat at I will compare to this restaurant. I am very sensitive to restaurants not acknowledging a special celebration, so I felt very welcomed that they remembered it was my birthday and made me feel special and valued. The dessert room is so fun! If this place was by me I would go there for every celebratory meal!!
It mostly deserves the rep. You can be a hardcore veg and still appreciate the baroque atmosphere, world-class drink menu, wicked desserts with their own room, etc. Hell or high water, it's a lynchpin. I'm not a total pro at this place, but some easter eggs I can give you are: get a steak sandwich at the bar for a good price, veggies will love their salad and maple vinaigrette dressing, and you can indeed come for the dessert room only.
I like it
I just can't give 5 stars, unfortunately.  My recent visit on Oct. 21st was great overall but not the world-class experience that this restaurant used to be under the original ownership.  While it is still the best steakhouse I've been to, it can't compete with it's own memory.   This is not the same Bern's as it was in the 1980's when I took my Prom date their for dinner.  Back then I'll admit to being a little 'out of my league' and awestruck as an 18-year old with an affinity for steak and no experience with wine at all.  The experience made a huge impact on me.  I can remember the finest French Onion soup, the best Bleu Cheese dressing I'd ever tasted and, of course, a Filet Mignon that melted across my teeth...pure dining bliss! I spent the next 27 years learning to cook myself and honing my palate for wines and learning different vineyards and varietals to pair with different meals.  It was a lifelong goal to one day return to Bern's with the knowledge and experience to re-create that memory but as a much more sophisticated diner worthy of their expertise.  Back then we showed up in rented tuxedo's and a borrowed car; this time we showed up in my Cadillac wearing my tuxedo and since I had been in email and phone conversation with their Sommeliers for a week prior to the meal, I was assured all would be in-place for me to show my wife, my sister and her new husband a dining experience of a lifetime. The Sommeliers messed up my sparkling wine vintage request and were totally out of the Merlot I had been in contact with them for a week prior to my reservation asking about.  In addition, the server seemed completely unaware that I had been in contact with Eric and the others about the wines I was interested in.   The Sommelier on staff tried to compensate with another vintage of comparable quality but that's not the point.  The whole reason for having Sommeliers and giving the diners access to them is to ensure you can prepare your dining experience in advance and know what you are getting.  What's the point if they are not going to have the wine they say they have when you get there, even after asking for it?  What's the point of asking specifically for the 2000 Domaine Le Reve and end up getting the 1998 vintage?  Rooky, amateurish mistakes by the supposed "best of the best."  A very disappointing experience from that perspective. Now, I will say that I am now a fan of the new cut, the Chateaubriand, and both my sister and I had very well cut and properly cooked steaks of that type.  I could not tell if my new Brother-in-Law's steak was prepared correctly but he enjoyed it enough and had no complaints.  My wife's Filet Mignon, however, was over done.  She asked for Medium-Rare and they advertise a "true Medium-Rare"...she got Medium, plain as day.  The Bleu Cheese dressing had such small chunks of bleu cheese in it that it was hardly 'impressive' and my wife claims to have had a better French Onion soup elsewhere. The fact that they have also lowered the dress code was also a bit upsetting.  That's what they have Side Bern's for right?  Dressed in tuxes and evening gowns and surrounded by people in jeans and Polo shirts was a huge downgrade to the atmosphere.  I know it's a tough economy but that's a bit like sitting next to someone in shorts and flip-flops at a Broadway show. The desert room saved the evening overall, as the server was delightful and the Bananas Fosters and 6-Rum Alexander's helped to numb the disappointment.  I did not complain at the time, as I didn't want to ruin the experience for my guests, who may not appreciate the subtle differences in different wine vintages or a slightly over-cooked steak...but I do and I was disappointed in the changes from the original concept. Do you know they don't stock any wines over $10,000 a bottle anymore?  In 1984 they had a vintage Rothschild's that went for over $23,500!
Berns is an institution. The reputation is well-deserved. Quite possibly the most serious steak house in the country, with an extensive offering of cuts and sizes. The highly professional and attentive wait staff will assist you in navigating the encyclopedia of steak, to order your perfect steak cooked exactly to your liking. Unlike the chain steak houses, you get a full dinner, which makes for a better value. The soup, salad and vegetables, however, fell very short of expectations for a restaurant of this caliber. Though the mouth-watering steak made me not care about those trivial things. Make sure to ask for a tour, which includes the kitchen, and very impressive wine cellar.  No dinner at Berns is complete without a trip to the very sexy dessert lounge upstairs. Start with the macadamia ice cream, which is not to be missed. Good luck deciding, though...with about 60 choices, it will not be easy.
First time eating at Bern's. I have heard from friends, that this is the best steakhouse in Florida.  My brother's bachelor party started here and what a start it was.  I had shrimp cocktail for an appetizer ... The shrimp were delicious and came with three dipping sauces (spicy cocktail sauce, cocktail sauce, spicy mustard sauce).   I chose the chateaubriand cut 11oz steak ... All I can say is WOW !!  It was delicious ... Perfectly cooked ... The flavor ... Amazing.  Had a bottle of Rioja 1995 ... Excellent bottle of wine.  After dinner ... Took a tour of Bern's ... The wine cellar is absolutely incredible... The desert room is upstairs and is another incredible experience in its own.  The desserts were all incredible ... From Bananas Foster to Carrot Cake with hazelnut sorbet ... bring a healthy appetite ! Will come here again...without a doubt.
I have to preface this by saying that I did not have a meal in the dining area, I went here strictly for the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. I have never been to Bern's before, which is a little embarrassing to admit since I've lived in South Tampa for almost 20 years. Tonight (01.20.2012) my boyfriend, best friend, and I were just in the mood for amazing dessert and a great drink. I was instantly floored as soon as we got it; the place looks unassuming from the outside, but is absolutely stunning inside. We went straight upstairs and were shown to our table. If you have never been here, the thing you should know is that every table is in its own "pod" like structure. You're almost completely enclosed minus the entry way to get in and out of. We started off with dessert coffees; I got the Steakhouse Cappucino which was...undescribably good. It had about 7 chocolate liqueurs and Kahlua, not to mention it was beautiful presented. For dessert I ordered the "Chocolate-chocolate-chocolate". It was a two layers: one was their "chocolate cheese pie" whih is basically just chocolate cream cheese mousse and the second was their chocolate cheesecake. It was on a dark chocolate crust and completely enrobed in a thick layer of chocolate ganache! It was the most decadent thing I have ever tasted. I had to bring two-thirds of it home with me. My total was just under $20, which might be a lot for a coffee and a "piece of cake", but you at paying for the quality and the experience of dining at a world renowned steakhouse...deal with it! I will definitely go back for dessert again, and more importantly for a STEAK!
As for steakhouses, Bern's is number one. The main restaurant is a museum and an artifact itself.  All the dining room are decorated differently but with the same old school feeling. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the restaurant's history, the food, he was probably there since Bern first opened the restaurant. Everything is à la carte and the portions are your usual sharing portions. After the main course, our waiter took us on the guided tour throughout the different rooms of the restaurant, the kitchen and the wine cellar - OMG, I want that cellar.  He then goes on saying that the wine cellar we see only houses 15% of their wine collection/selection, the building on the side is the home of the rest of the wine... WOW!!!!! After the tour, we then proceeded upstairs to the dessert room, a whole room for just desserts - are you kidding. The room is set up so that each party has a private booth and the booths are made from old wine casks.  The room would have been perfect is smoking was allowed.  With the dark and seductive atmosphere, desserts accompanied with a nice cigar would have been the perfect finale.
It's that time of year again, time to celebrate the anniversary of when the Husbeast and I said our vows.  Bern's is where we choose to celebrate this momentous event because the food is beyond par and the service is absolutely incredible. Though they suggest that you make your reservations at least 72 hours out, I tried a short order reservation on Monday and was able to get a 6pm time slot for Wednesday.  We actually arrived a bit early and were seated at about 5:45 pm in the first of the dining rooms.   If you've never been to Bern's Steak House, the opening decor always reminds me of Disney's Haunted mansion, that kind of rich opulence, that one comes to expect from only the finest of establishments.  The tables are comfortably spaced and though each room can get crowded, they still maintain an air of intimacy.     Our waiter, an older man who's name I didn't catch, was quick to the table with our water and tea. He gave us a few minutes to peruse the menu, but we were pretty well decided before we got there. We were set on getting the 18 ounce, 2 inch thick Del Monaco, cooked medium rare.  We also wanted to make sure that we got ourselves the charcoal grilled sea scallops because they are to die for. The sea scallops were fresh and tasty and each course that was brought to the table, the french onion soup, the fresh greens salad and the main course of steak, vegetables and onion straws was gastronomical perfection!  The bill arrived, and it's something to note, they AUTOMATICALLY add a tip of 12% onto the bill for the waitstaff, be sure to add additional to qualify for their impeccable service. After dinner was settled up, we headed on up to the Henry Waugh dessert room where we each had a coffee, his Americano, mine was the Cafe con Leche ybor, which is a signature there, and is absolutely wonderful. We usually get the creme brule, but tonight we changed things up, we opted to get the sampler of the three molten cakes. They're small, cup cake sized, each served with a cannel of specially selected ice cream - though the cakes are small, with there being three of them, there's enough for two people.   They do NOT add the gratuity up in this room for the server, so please tip accordingly. And because they knew it was our anniversary,we were presented with a small anniversary dessert, a little desert shell filled with decadent whipped cream and topped with chocolate chips and a candle, It was a lovely touch for the night. You can not beat the service or the food.  The prices are high, but for two people, including dessert, but no wine, we didn't spend over $150.00, and for a special meal, that's a bargain in my book.
By far one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. We went there on 9/10/2014 to celebrate our first anniversary. Inside is a whole new world that you never knew existed. The level of service at Bern's is impeccable and by far the best service I've experienced in any dining establishment. The level of quality and detail that goes into the experience is amazing. This is the first restaurant where they truly tell you to take your time and relax and enjoy the entire experience, unlike other restaurants that try to rush you in and out to get more customer through the door. The soup and salad were excellent and our server Trevor was great, he truly made sure we had the best possible experience. He made excellent recommendations to make our evening the best. My wife and I had the 14oz Delmonico for two, perfectly cooked and tasted amazing. By the time we received the bill, we were surprised to see the value of the experience as we've spent more money at other places with less quality and service. Bern's truly delivers the most amazing dining experience for the money. They have some really amazing high end items on their menu that you don't find at other places, but I suggest checking the menu online beforehand to familiarize yourself with the choices of food and wines as their wine collection is amazing. So after dinner they give you a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar, both of which I highly recommend. The wine cellar is huge, I've never seen anything like it. After the tour I suggest going upstairs to the desert room, we had the banana cream pie which is on of the original menu items, and by far amazing! By far definitely one of the best dining experiences ever, I highly recommend Berns if you want the best dining experience ever. Make sure you make your reservations well ahead of time.
Great steak. Side dishes are ok.
My husband and I went for Valentines Day (day after), my sister had given us a gift card. We had been dying to go, so the expectations were high. Trust me when I say our expectations were exceeded! The service was first class. The waiter was very accommodating. We ordered the ribeye for two, and couldn't finish because it came with soup, salad, and veggies. We were actually surprised that we hadn't used up our gift card for our meal because we ordered extra dishes (I had the lobster bisque which was to die for!) On top of that we were able to buy dessert in the dessert room. So for you out there wondering about price, we walked away using most of the $200 dollar gift certificate, and only about $30-40 of our own money for tips and extras. For a steakhouse as awesome as Bern's $240 for two people is in my opinion super! Plus we walked away with leftovers!
Wow I am impressed. I came her tonight with a part of six and everything was delicious. Service was great, quality of the food was out of this world! The decor is beautiful too. It is hard for me to say what I didn't like about the restaurant everything was high class. I will definitely be back.
I finally dined at the Tampa landmark, Bern's, just before moving out to San Francisco. I must say, it made me feel carnivorous again. And I liked it. The steaks are delicately aged, they have this down to a science. It was suggested that my companion and I split a large steak vs. having it cooked in two smaller pieces for added flavor & perfection in preparation. Suggestion noted & it was worth it. Imbibed a delicious amarone with dinner, can't remember the specific name but look for it on the menu. After dinner we did the tour of the wine cellar and kitchen, I like seeing where the food is prepared & marveled at the large saltwater fish tank where our delicious friends from under the sea lived until their demise on someone's plate. We also found out they have their own organic farm where they harvested the veggies we ate, they are self-sustaining, in a manner of speak. Neat, IMO. We finally came to rest in the dessert room. I'm not big on sweets but had banana creme pie and it didn't disappoint. A glass of port and I was finito! The dessert room is an ideal place to play hide n' seek. I'd like to rent it out for an evening to indulge this fantasy.
I realize that 3 stars may seem sacriligious for Bern's, but permit me to ellaborate. First, I want to thank the staff for a great evening. Our party of 3 did enjoy the experience. We have no complaints. In fact, we plan to return. The reason for the score is that it is unfair to judge Bern's on the same scale that I would for a local burger restaurant. Bern's is listed on many "top steakhouse" lists. It competes in the realm of national-level player. So it is on this standard on which I offer this critique. The first touch point that stands out (or doesn't) is the approach to the restaurant. From the exterior, the building telegraphs a straightforward, down-to-business message. Nothing grand or ceremonial. The valet service is professional, but not overly engaged. And there is no one at the front door to greet you. The planners must have been inspired by St Paul's Cathedral in NY City, because the world inside the main doors of the restaurant is vastly different than the harsh, neon-lighted, noisy, pedestrian-polluted exterior. It is almost a surreal experience, coming in from the ordinary into an almost themepark-like environment (quite tasteful, mind you; and oddly reminiscent of Disney's Haunted House). But here again, we have to navigate through a crowd to reach the host table (that lays past three unbranded touch points: approach, valet, foyer). The dining room itself is conservative, dimly (but functionally) lit. The tables are a tad too close to each other - close enough so that, after our exceptional waiter makes us feel like we are his most important table, we're within inches of the next table, which receives the same pitch as we did. (pop goes the illusion) After a cocktail warm up (and a solid martini, my companion assured me), our waiter did a nice job about asking about our taste in wine. He asked about wines we've enjoyed in the past and discussed our menu choices. His recommendation, of a nicely balanced Bordeaux went over well. An excellent pairing with our steaks. In fact, the wine outshined the main course. Our ribeyes were fatty (not cleanly marbelized). The kitchen prepared them perfectly, so they did the best they could with what they had. But the quality was a bit lacking. The meat lacked the buttery richness of an American Kobe style and the delicacy of grass-fed. After the steaks cooled, everyone in our party agreed that Harold Seltzer's in St Pete wasn't sounding so bad about now. We capped off the evening in the dessert room, which oddly afforded the privacy missing from the dining room. The individual pods gave other tables, perhaps, too much license to forget they were in a fine-dining establishment. But the desserts were acceptable. There was no confusing the cheesecake with Lindy's or the selection with Atlanta's Cafe Intermezzo. But it was, much like the valet parking, serviceable, if not inspiring. The tour of the wine room was a nice touch. But again, another missed opportunity here, as even a small sample of vino would have engaged additional senses into the memory. We will be back. And I hope to add another star when we return. But for now, Charlie's Steakhouse still has the best steaks in Tampa, in this humble Yelpers opion. And Bern's is good, with a strong potential for amazing.
This place certainly doesn't need my punkass review. Straight up, one of the best restaurant experiences you'll ever have. Expensive yes, but that comes with the territory. Great food? Check. Great service? Check. Ambience? Check. Historical significance? Check. Stellar steak? Check. Largest wine cellar in the universe? Check. Don't forget to do the "tour" (of the kitchen) and save an hour for dessert in the special room. The piano guy is an odd duck, but purely silly for dessert entertainment. Do yourself a favor and hit this place if you are ever in Tampa-St. Petes and want a badass (and expensive) dinner experience.
This place is great, quality aged meats, an extensive wine list, and a great American menu. The Pièce de résistance is the DESSERT ROOM, it is best described as TRIPPY.  The service is great and the people who work there are very fun as well.
Excellent food and a beloved Tampa landmark.  Always thought it looked what a bordello must look like from the inside, but top notch staff, food and experience.
Went here on a Sunday evening to celebrate a friend's Birthday.  We didn't have dinner...just went up to the dessert room.   Love the retro decor...the wood paneled, private little rooms.   Great atmosphere for a romantic date night out. I had the minted chocolate coffee and the "King Midas"- carrot cake with macadamia nut ice cream and chocolate sauce.   My friend had an espresso with the "Dulce de Leche Liquid Center Cake"-chocolate cake filled with dulce de leche and served with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.     Incredible desserts!!    The macadamia nut ice cream is by far, one of the best ice creams that I have ever tasted!  That is a must try!     Definitely looking forward to another visit to the dessert room!  :)
this restaurant is one of my favorite restaurant :) the waiter who served us knew everything from the history of the wines to which wines to go with the steak to enhance the taste. he gave us the tour of the kitchen where all this magic happened~ kitchen was humungous!!! they even had a huge fish tank is about size of my living room. they also grow their own herbs like parsley, cilantro, etc.....  my favorite part of the tour was, of course the wine cellar.  they have more than 6500 wine selection from all over the country. it was quite a selection :D our anticipation was slowly growing when we came back to the table. but to be honest, when i tasted the steak after all the detour, it tasted as good as i expected. i guess i was expecting the "wow" factor. unfortunately, it didn't hit it..... i think it's all in our mind set. but overall, it was good. great service and great atmosphere for elder crowds.
My boyfriend took me here for my 22nd birthday. We took the tour of the wine room and the kitchen, saw the live fish swimming in a tank. The dessert room upstairs was beutiful, wood all around and a private booth area to chat. The over all service while dinning was fantastic. Waiters waiting on you hand and foot, I would take a sip of water and someone was right behind me waiting to refill my glass. Prices weren't outrageous for being the steakhouse that it was. We spent $100-$120 for two 5 course meals. It was a great experience.
This is a bucket list fine dining experience....like you have to eat here before you die. We went for NYE at the very gracious expense of my father in law. The wine list is beyond comprehension. The appetizer menu is broken down into categories and is larger than most other restaurant's entire menus. We ordered the tuna tartare...okay its been done before we know, but its still good. I ordered snapper in a white truffle sauce and it was the hit of the table. Everyone else ordered duh steak, but really the fish was impeccable. I won't bore you with details about the nuances of the spices in the sauces or the notes of the wine because truly you have to experience this place yourself...go rob a bank and head to Bern's before they take you to the pokey...cause this place ain't cheap but must experienced. Also if after robbing the bank the cops haven't caught up with you go to the upstairs dessert room, where you get your own private cable car fashioned room and have the ability to pipe in your preferred music (of their choices you aren't going to get Metallica in here) and once again feast your eyes and other senses on the lavish after dinner cordials, cognacs, wines, and desserts. Only 2 suggestions here...don't be a cheapskate order the ice wine and DON'T order the petit fours. It was the only disappointing thing our table ordered that evening.
Definitely a Landmark of the Tampa area.  Very unassuming from the outside, however as you enter their doors it becomes a fairy tale place to discover & meander around.  Each room seems to have individual character and an "Old English" feeling.  As you enter the kitchen it seems like a nostalgic set-back to the 20's or 30's with the serve staff dressed in their bow ties.  I cannot speak for dinner, but I give 5 stars for the dessert room upstairs.  We had our own wood paneled booth with a mini juke box in which we selected our own personal music.  They've been working on perfecting the Macadamia Nut Sunday - and it was an A+.  You could really taste the rich cream & Macadamia nut.  My friend had a beautiful dark chocolate cake that oozed with deliciousness.  Definitely a special occasion place.  Would like to go back if I ever visit FL again.
The fact that I gave Bern's a 4 star review previously is utterly ridiculous.  Please consider this review my apology to the Gods of steak.  I honestly think this may be the best restaurant experience I have ever had. I came for a work dinner and decided to do the whole shebang.  After being seated in the original room, I had a chance to appreciate the décor.  This place has so much detail in every nook and cranny.  Even the bathroom is beautiful. I also really appreciated the experience and knowledge of the staff.  Our waiter, Nick, explained the different levels of servers and the rigorous training program that everyone goes through.  He was fantastic at his job and really made for an outstanding dining experience. For my meal, I ordered the 8 oz filet, cooked medium rare, at Nick's suggestion.  I added the horseradish sauce (I'm a sucker for horseradish).  The French onion soup that comes with every meal was SO cheesy and delicious.  The salad with the cabernet sauvignon vinaigrette was really fresh.  The main course, however, was something to write home about.  The steak was SO tender.  The baked potato was cooked to perfect.  Even the veggies hit the spot.  I washed this down with 2 glasses of Rose' and was feelin' fine! On to the kitchen and wine tour!  That kitchen works like clockwork.  I was so impressed at how hard every single person in that kitchen was obviously working.  As a cheap/boxed wine connosuoir, I was really blown away by the extensive wine collection! Finally - the dessert room.  I had a mocha coffee with chocolate liqueur and the Brown Sugar dessert (cookie dough cheesecake, brownie ice cream sandwich, blonde brownie).  Service was great in the dessert room, as well. I can't WAIT to go back to Bern's.  Bern's is worth every penny!
Not cheap but an extremely novel experience. 4 hours spent in gustatory amazement, constantly entertained by the plethora of options and excellent service. I have never been anywhere that provides the granularity of options when it comes to cuts of meat - for example we got a 22oz, 3" Kansas City cut NY Strip. They have somewhere in their dry aging room every single cut and thickness you can think of. I was blown away walking through the 100,000+ bottle wine cellar and was told they have over 1 million bottles in their warehouse across the street. I forced myself up to the dessert room where I continued to be blown away. This dining experience was overwhelming and fantastic in every way.
Cannot get over the dessert and dessert drink menu. It's a book! Loved my cogniac and peanut better mousse. The bananas foster was to die for. Over indulged ourselves! Be sure to look at the cellar.
I've been putting off writing this review for over a month now.  The experience I had at Bern's Steak House was so off the chart I felt I truly needed to digest and reflect on everything before placing my fingers to the keyboard (or maybe I've simply been too lazy).  Okay, so here goes: We arrived to Bern's Steak House by taxi, knowing in advance that we would be partaking of spirituous beverages.  We did, however, notice the valet service that the restaurant offered as we entered.  The exterior of the building itself was rather lackluster. The interior was also rather forgettable (save the Harry Waugh Dessert Room, which I will be getting to later in this review).  The ambiance was fine-dining that hearkens back to the days of decades past (just don't ask me which decade, as I'm not sure I could accurately pin it down for you...suffice it to say, it is far from contemporary).   The wait staff: Simply impeccable.  They were the spitting image of professionalism: friendly, prompt, unobtrusive, knowledgeable, and accurate.  As with any fine-dining establishment, our waiter was able to accommodate every reasonable request.   The food:  We enjoyed their French Onion Soup Au Gratin and house salad (with homemade dressing) - very tasty.  The filet mignon was cooked to perfection and our baked potatoes were topped to order.   The wine:  What good is a fine-dining experience without a glass of vino?  I enjoyed a few glasses of wine on my visit (again, the taxi).  This is where Bern's shines: their wine selection is simply world-class.  I think I had a glass of Rioja and Beaujolais, if memory serves. The tour:  After consuming our dinner, we were whisked away for the optional tour into the kitchen and wine cellar guided by one of their newer employees.  The wine cellar was eye-opening.  Tens of thousands of bottles stacked to the ceiling... century old wines... and that only made up 10% of their inventory?!  Really?  Apparently they have a nearby warehouse that stores the bulk of their wines.  Very impressive. The Harry Waugh Dessert Room:  Like a restaurant within a restaurant, the dessert room had it's very own ambiance - and it certainly was big enough to be considered an establishment in its own right.  After our tour, we were led upstairs to this very unique setting.  A maze of private booths constructed of old wine casks filled the space.  Unfortunately, our bellies were simply not ready for the richness of their dessert offerings.  Instead, we opted for dessert wine - a 1966 Riesling Auslese that tasted of honey.  Where else can you think of that you can order an uncommon wine of such an old vintage? My one criticism?  Though tasty, the food was hardly memorable.  It failed to make a lasting impression on me.  The wine selection, kitchen/wine cellar tour, and dessert room, on the other hand, left an indelible impression.  When in Tampa, Bern's Steak House tops the list of places that must be visited for dinner.  That said, expect for your wallet to take a heavy hit... it is fine-dining, after all.
I have been to Bern's a few times and the food has always been great. I have had the filet and black truffle creamed corn. What can you say about his place it is Bern's. This is a place you go if you want to make sure you are going to have a good night. You will pay a price for that and it is worth it. I frequent the dessert room more often than he steak house and I really enjoy it. The private booths and ambiance are great. I really enjoy the coffee that they roast in house.
Harry Vaugh's Dessert Room is actually where we ate. We skipped the steak and went straight to dessert. I was blown away by the dessert that my companion got. It was rich and you were able to taste every flavor in the dessert. It had peanut butter bananas and one other flavor.....yummy! I will never look at peanut butter the same way again. Please do not order anything that you may have had before, which is what I did. try something new. The semiprivate dining area along with the vintage radios really gave it a nice touch. Out waiter was very knowledgeable and told us that they had to taste every dessert as part of their training. There is a tour of the kitchen if you'er interested. You can have dinner downstairs but they prefer that dessert is done on the upper level at Harry Vaugh's. I would definitely go back!
Wow. This review is from 6 years ago but it still rings true. The place is really an experience and not a restaurant. The food is amazing and you can order really whatever kind of steak and thickness and so on that you like. The appetizers were amazing as was the main course. The dessert floor was cool as you can't see anyone. Amazing.
Gem of Tampa Bay A dining experience Desert a must
This is my favorite restaurant! 5 side items come with every entree!! Honestly there are too many delicious items to list. I don't eat beef but have had excellent chicken, fish & vegetarian dishes here. A few of my favorites are: cheese toast, garlic toast, vanilla macadamia salad dressing, goat cheese ravioli, reasonably priced delicious wines, cheese plate, macadamia nut ice cream. Service can be hit-or-miss but the food is never a disappointment!
I'm surprised I haven't written a review earlier. My first taste of Bern's was when I was a freshman in college at USF and we went for a family dinner to celebrate me leaving for college. The next time was when my father came into town and wanted to go. I wasn't going to say no. But this time was different, because it wasn't my parent's money we would be spending, but that of a vendor with deep pockets. So, time to splurge. I arrived and handed my car off to the $5 valet - which is an incredible deal considering the restaurant. Went in and went to the bar where the rest of the party was enjoying a drink. Please note, you do have to dress up for this place - no jeans or t-shirts. We did view a group of tourists wearing t-shirts and shorts, confused that they were not being served. Carrying our drinks, we were seated in one of the back rooms. Its fun to notice that every room has a different motif and character. I was the only member of my party to have been to Bern's before, so everyone else was in awe. This continued as we all opened the menu, and everyone was confused. What happens when a bunch of analysts get together with a big menu - out come the Excel jokes. While the rest of the table was reasonable with an 8 oz Filet or Chateaubriand, I went with the flavorful 12 oz Delmonico. We decided against appetizers considering the sheer amount of food you get - delicious French onion soup, sizable salad, and with the dinner a fully loaded baked potato, onion strings, and veggies. We also got two sides because if someone is buying, and something has truffles, they go hand in hand. The truffle mac and cheese was only ok. The truffle creamed corn? GET IT. SO good. Best creamed corn I've ever had. Each bite was out of this world. After gorging on meat and veggies, we decided to take the kitchen tour. If you are adult, do it. If you're the obnoxious, spoiled high school kids who couldn't wait a minute, this probably isn't for you. But it is worth it, to see the 150 year old coffee grinder, the organized insanity that is the kitchen, and the biggest wine collection in the world. They have wine older than this country in there. Its mind blowing. Eventually we made our way to the dessert room. This is worth it even if you haven't dined at the restaurant. You get your own private "barrel" with music selections, and low lights. Romantic, or a good time with a bunch of friends. We each ordered something, and getting some famous macadamia ice cream for the table might be a good idea. I went with the Brown Sugar, which I didn't realize was actually three desserts in one, and all three were delicious. As usual, the meal was phenomenal. Its hard to leave that place not stuffed, and we joked about the first guy to unbuckle their belt had to pay the bill.
I've been to the great steak houses in America (i.e. Peter Luger, etc.) and Bern's is up there.  Enough said!   If you want an amazing steak that's priced way lower than what you'd pay at places like Peter Luger in Brooklyn, then you need to eat here.  My wife and I had filets, sides, and wine, and the bill came out to $150 after tip.  We gave the waitress another $30 because the service and food was that great.   I'm adding this paragraph in to address some of the comments made by others over pricing at Bern's.  I'm telling you right now, if this place were in NYC, DC, or Los Angeles, you'd be paying double!  But don't think for one second that taste has been traded for affordability.  Like I said, it's on par with the great steak houses of America.  Yes, you will spend over $100 per couple.  If you can't afford that, then take your butt to Sizzler or something.  For those that know steak well and appreciate quality service,  take yourself and your dollars to Bern's. As for the decor and ambiance, it's exactly what I want in a steak house.  For some reason, people expect luxurious surroundings when they spend a little cash, and I would agree most of time but not with steak houses.  This is a carnivore's domain, so if you want prissy French waiters and exquisite place settings then you don't understand steak houses.  That being said, Bern's isn't a dump.  It's old school in the way a steak house should be.  It should be dated a bit.  Your sides should be cream spinach and large frickin' potatoes, and not fancy, modern sides smothered in truffle oil, etc.  This is an old school steak house -- learn and appreciate greatness.         After dinner, head on up to their dessert room.  F'ing out of this world!
Can not find a better wine list in the world. Food is good but the wine is the draw. The sommelier will help a novice and an expert and match you budget with some crazy cellar selections. We had french wines from the 60's - they were unreal. Service is professional and the throw back style is civilized. The desert room requires a date as its way romantic and guaranteed to provide a love fest.
Truly a gem of Florida. This is a dining experience worth remembering for the service, brothel-like interior, speak easy feel dessert room and amazing apps.  For it to be called a steak house, the expectations are a bit high. I've had the best steaks at Ray's in Arlington and even Ruth's Chris. These steaks were good, but not absolutely amazing.  Everything else was pretty amazing though. I had the triple soup sampler, which was fantastic. The pork belly sushi was a treat; tip: don't eat all the rice to save room for the rest of your meal. I had one of the short rib apps (pic posted, not asian flare one) and it was so rich, so delicious. There was a hoisin like glaze (i know i said not asian one, but the other was more asian, wish i could recall).  The truffle mac was so good in truffle flavor but too al dente for my taste. The dessert room is an experience worth saving room for. It doesn't matter if you have a sweet tooth or not. Just save room for at least coffee or water to spend some time up there. It's also worth a tour of the kitchen for fun, so take up the offer and have a special evening.
Very expensive restaurant with the largest assortments of wine in the world I believe. Our server was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable, but super slow. A large table behind us got served before we did and we sat down way before they did. French onion soup was ok, the salad with ranch dressing very good. The ranch dressing is homemade and the salad grown on Bern's Steakhouse farm. I got the 9oz chateau-briand which was too much for me. I also got the bernaise sauce, but it was ok. I substituted the baked potato for the garlic mashed potatoes and I think I should have stayed with the baked potato. The onion strings were delish! The carrot slices were yummy. I got a merlot and that was fruity and good. My sister got the sweet potato which is actually purple and she loved it. Our server was just slow and kept forgetting things, but it was a good experience. Just wasn't really blown away by the food. Next was the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. The wine tour was interesting, but the guy leading was an ass!! Very pompous and was very rude to my mom who asked about the carpet in the wine cellar and he gave her a sneering remark. Oh well. Next was dessert upstairs. Soooo good, but I ate too much earlier so could barely touch it. I got the king chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream with hot fudge sauce. I also got hot chocolate with skim milk and whipped cream.... Soooo good. Overall recommend. My expectations were too high, but very memorable experience.
Wow!  The escargot is amazing!!!  The whole meal was awesome.
MOUTH ORGASM!! Take the kitchen and wine cellar tours. Don't forget to have dessert!!!
Work has taken me out to Tampa on many an occasion and each trip is never complete without a visit to Berns. A local institution,  Berns combines an elegant ambiance with dessert rooms, a large wine cellar (with one of the largest private wine collections in the world) and superb food with top notch service and attention to detail. You're instantly transported to another level savoring the several mouth watering appetizers, salads, or soups (try the Caesar made fresh table-side. the french onion soup is delectable) and the divine perfection of the fine cuts of high quality beef. Each visit is an experience.
1. Seated 30 minutes late. Don't they know how many tables they have? 2. Server did not show up for another 15 minutes for drinks 3. Our food came on a tray, and sat near our table for about 5 minutes. The busboy would not put the plates on our table 4. Therefore, food was room temp. Salmon was delicious, tho cool. Tuna was over cooked. Steak was very tasty, but somewhat chewy. 5. I would expect FAR better for $40 for each dinner. We had visitors in town and wanted to impress. It did the exact opposite. Definately will not return. There are lots of better places where you can get better food and service for less money.
Bern's blows my mind away!!!  I didn't have dinner here. I came with some friends to the dessert room for a birthday.  However, I can't wait to try the dinner there. The place is HEAVEN!!!!! First off, Bern's is located on Howard in an obscure white building. I would have never known such a place was inside.  I am quite disappointed that there is no self-parking area, and that you must valet your car for $5.  I would expect such a top-notch high class place to have free valet, but okay whatever. When you walk in........ you will immediately be mesmerized by the decor.  It's beautiful.  It feels like we hopped in a time-machine and went back in time to like 1920s or something.  It's amazing. The restaurant is downstairs and the dessert room is upstairs.  Now for the food/service. Every table in the dessert room feels like you're in your own little private room and several have doors you can close to your booth/table. There's a live piano player that you can call from your table and request any songs. Or if you like, they have individual music selections that included broadway, classical light, classical pop, contemporary, jazz, or the live music from the piano.  The service is superb. The waiter was quite knowledgeable and very helpful with everything. The menu was a book of desserts and drinks!! There were hundreds of wine, and scotch, everything.  I don't think I have ever seen such a selection anywhere in the world. That night, I was a bit cold and wanted something hot.  All of the hot drinks were specialty coffee (with liquors), which I know they were known for, however,  I do not drink coffee. So they did something special for me...they made me hot chocolate with praline amaretto with fresh whip cream and lots of shaved chocolate on top.  It was sooo good. I won't go into specifics on the wine and scotch because I could go on forever...but just know that they have everything you can think of.   Now desserts: Everything was amazing!!!!! I couldn't decide what I wanted. There was too many delicious options. The waiter had recommended their "macadamia nut sundae" "roasted upside-down pineapple cake."  I ended up getting the roasted pineapple cake, which was roasted upside-down pineapple cake with roasted pineapple ice cream and with fresh pineapple.  It was sooo refreshing and sooo good. The roasted pineapple ice cream was excellent.  Now, because I wanted everything but I know I wouldn't be able to eat everything so I decided to also order a scoop of the macadamia nut ice cream too.... because how could I come to Bern's and not have their famous macadamia nut ice cream that they perfected since whatever era!   IT WAS THE MOST AMAZING, BEST ICE CREAM THAT I HAVE EVER EVER HAD IN THIS WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!! My friend had the Banana Foster Flambe, which is very good too, but I've had many great banana foster in my days and so it doesn't catch my attention as the others.  But for those that have not had Banana Foster before, this place is a good place to have it.  They do the flambe tableside and definitely give you a good show. Now after everything, you can ask them to give you a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar.  THIS IS A MUST!  The kitchen was soo big with so many people working in there. There must be like over 50 people working in there.. Very professional...very awesome!  There were soooo many wines in the cellar even wines bottled as old as 1870 with some as expensive as $30,000!! It's quite magical!! I can't wait to go back to Bern's!!
Oh please... Desert room  and tour is the only bang you get for your buck. Skip the steak, Grill 54, Flamestone, and even Carraba's is better. I'm a filet girl, I know what's good.
bern's was AMAZING - everyone always talks about it and i finally got to try it on my visit down to tampa! the service was wonderful - our server was knowledgeable and really nice. the food was great - i got a 7 oz. chateaubrind, which came with an amazing french onion soup, the okinawan sweet potatoes (THE CANDIED POTATOES WERE AMAZING), and a casesar salad that they made right in front of me - the best caesar's salad i have ever had. we went to the dessert room after and i got the exotic vanilla, which was a sample of several items. it was great but a bit too much of the fruit for me. the dessert booths are so fun though - it's like each party gets to be in its own room!
Why 5 stars?  Because it's the staple of Tampa restaurants.   ---   ---   --- If you want to go to Bern's for the first time, here's the best advice I can give you: 1) On Friday, make a reservation for Bern's on Saturday at 5:00. 2) Sleep in as late you as you can Saturday.  Waking up at about noon would be ideal. 3) Eat a VERY light breakfast- think along the lines of a nutrigrain bar and maybe a piece of fruit. 4) Be very hungry by 5:00. 5) Order the Del Monico, and do not be tempted by anything else. 6) Maybe go a little light on the Baked Potato.  Everything else that comes out with your steak is amazing, but if you had to pick one thing out that isn't anything special, it would be the potato.  And you are going to need to conserve stomach space. 7) Pay your hefty (but well worth it bill) 8) Do the restaurant tour to let your stomach have a break 9) Order the Macademia Nut Sundae, or as they call it, "The Best Sundae in the World." 9b) If you're a chocolate fan, the "Chocolate-Chocolate-Chocolate" caused my non-foodie girlfriend to act in a way I've never seen before.  She completely loses her mind over that CCC. 10) Go for a post-game walk.  You'll need it.
"Berns comes in strong, but did it live up to the hype?"  I feel as though I can compare Berns to Lochte:  Lots and lots of hype, but in all honesty, probably didn't live up to it all. Don't get me wrong; Berns was really, really good and the whole experience was something I more than likely won't experience again.  However, certain things that occurred during my experience made me question: did I come here on an off night?  Is my experience just not what other people have experienced? My wife and I decided to go to Berns after a day at Busch Gardens so we were definitely ready to eat and eat some good food.  We did wait about half an hour for our table even with a reservation and this is fairly common from what I understand.  First occurrence that was a little annoying:  I had called and asked what the dress code was and the woman told me that they didn't allow sneakers, sandals, flip-flops, tank tops, shorts and jeans.  Ether my eyes were deceiving me ( I do wear glasses so this is a distinct possibility) but I'm pretty sure I saw guys getting sat wearing shorts, sneakers and jeans.  Annoying: yes - a dealbreaker: no. Our waiter greeted us somewhat quickly although he seemed really busy so it did take him a little longer to take our drinks order but we weren't in a hurry so that didn't bother me.  He wore a burgundy tie meaning he was still in training to a degree and he did explain how Berns trains their waiters which is the most intensive waiter training I have ever heard of.  And I thought I had it tough at Sweetwater Tavern.... We decided on the chateaubriand for two which comes with french onion soup, a salad and a potato.  I passed on the soup but the salad was pretty good.  The steak was amazing and cooked medium rare just like we ordered it.  And yes, our water glasses were refilled extremely promptly.  Everything up to here was fantastic and even the dress code issue could have been overlooked had the rest of the night been as wonderful.  We toured the winer cellar with another family who had this know-it-all father who had no shame in letting everyone know he used to be a wine dealer.  Our host also was an irritant and even though he knew a lot wine, the winemaking process, Berns' inventory, etc., he talked way too fast and then began to stutter b/c I believe that he got nervous when Mr. Wine I Am started spitting out all these wine facts.  So even though the inventory and cellar are a sight in themselves, I wasn't that excited about the tour. So next is the dessert room.  Once again, an experience not to be missed; however, we were sat in the room with the piano and I just wasn't in the mood to listen to loud piano music or the pianist try to schmooze me into tipping him.  Is he a great piano player? Yes.  Do I want the local piano player trying to get himself booked at the Improv? No.    The dessert menu was ridiculous and I settled on the banana split which I literally don't think I have since I was just a tyke.   To sum it up, I definitely suggest trying this place out since it's an experience and you have to give it a try at least once.  Would I go back if I happen to be in Tampa again?  Probably not based not only on the price, but I've had the experience and once is enough.  But the whole experience isn't one I'm likely to forget anytime soon.
Very old school, if you like established places and lots of food (which I do not prefer) go there.  I would take my parents there they would be impressed.  Service was above par.
I used to go to Bern's 30 years ago with my parents, when I was a kid, so I was really looking forward to returning. I should also preface this review by stating -- unapologetically -- that when I am about to drop $250 in a restaurant, I full-on expect some ass kissing. That being said, upon arriving, I found the restaurant host to be a bit on the rude side. When I walked up to the host stand, there was no "Welcome to Bern's; it's nice to have you here," but rather, "Do you have a reservation?" You would think that I was standing in front of this guy wearing Bermuda shorts, white tube socks, and a wife-beater shirt, rather than the slacks, shirt, and tie that I was wearing. And I certainly wasn't wearing a baseball cap, like the guy we spotted later. Anyway, I digress. I told the host my name and reservation time, to which he replied dismissively, "We'll call you when your table is ready." At that, we stood next to the staircase for a while before strolling into the EXTREMELY PACKED bar. By the time we made our way through the crowd and looked over the drink menu, they called our name. Our waiter for the evening was excellent -- just the right amount of ass kissyness. Also excellent was the French onion soup (just like I remembered as a kid), the salad, the baked potato, and the $90 bottle of Bordeaux. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for my 8-oz Delmonico, which was significantly fattier than I expected. I should have gone with the filet mignon. For the amount of money that was being spent, I don't think I should be able to grill a better (grocery-store-bought) steak at home, but that was exactly the case. We finished the evening with a trip up to the dessert room, which was fantastic. Our waitress there was very polished (no pun intended, since she was from Poland), and friendly. The creme brulee was delicious. In closing, pull the stick out of the host's derriere and buy some better cuts of ribeye, and Bern's will be up to the 5-star rating that I so wanted to give it before I walked in the door.
Yep, in this case, believe the hype. This place is an institution, and worth all the fuss. After having steak in oh so many places and at oh so many price points, I gotta give it to Berns, they age, prepare and serve the best steak ever. Their Chateaubriand is by far the most tender and lovely cut of beef I have ever savored. My BF and I shared the 14 oz for two, and believe me I ate ever morsel. Each serving comes with a mini but delicious French Onion Soup and a standard house salad. Eschel and I opted for their famous Caesar instead. Good, but that's not why you drive miles to come here. Their mashed potatoes (I opted for those rather than the complementary baked potato) were decadent.   The wine list is, well, in a word  - Insane. A binder with hundreds of pages of reds, whites, ports and cordials is truly impressive. The decor is very 80s, but that is part of the character of the place. Gaudy accents give Berns personality and the dark lighting makes you feel you are in an authentic American steakhouse. What ever you do, leave room for dessert. Not only is the sheer variety absolutely incredible, but you get  the treat of enjoying your sweets upstairs on a special floor. We opted for the Bananas Foster - and let me tell you I still dream about them. Prepared table-side by your own very knowledgeable dessert waiter, it was the perfect end to my special birthday meal. Oh, one more thing, opt for the kitchen and wine cellar tour, if for nothing else to stretch your legs and walk off the copious amounts of wine you will consume throughout your meal. While they take you through their narrow and busy grounds, it is cool to hear about how they grow most of their own food just a couple of blocks away, design their own cutlery and dishware and employee hundreds of Tampa locals who have gone through rigorous training to work a Berns.
Bern's is hard to find and maybe one of Florida's best least known restaurants. If anything describes Bern's it is Fresh and great wine list. Decor is unique almost brothel like if it has not been updated since I was there last. beef, Vegtables and herbs are fresh and homegrown.   A one of a kind experience if you are in the Tampa area
Berns is quite an experience.  We weren't sure what to expect when we walked in, as the decor is very ornate, and a bit over the top (think Disney's Haunted House crossed with Antoine's in New Orleans).  But every detail of the food, wine and service was perfect.  The steak is as good as you are going to find anywhere.  Dry aged and perfectly cooked over charcoal.  My son and I split a chateaubriand, which came out buttery and perfect--with a flavorful crust.  My other kids had Delmonicos, which looked juicy and good.  The non-steak offerings were also great, as my wife really enjoyed the grilled shrimp. Dessert is served in a separate room, and we really enjoyed the key lime tart, carrot cake and espresso brownie.  Phenomenal coffee, which they roast and grind on site.  And start to finish, really great service.  The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and justly proud of the restaurant. Definitely holds its own against the top steakhouses in New York and Chicago.
Had the opportunity to experience Bern's while I was in Tampa for work, and although I didn't expect to be impressed - I actually was!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step into Bern's you feel like you're walking into Disney's haunted mansion!  A very dark and haunted feel, Bern's has a maze type setup.  The pictures on the wall remind me of the olden days and the lighting is perfect for a romantic, quiet steakhouse.  The service is incredible impeccable, and in order to even serve customers you have to have trained/worked with Bern's for at least two years. Our server was great from the moment my group sat down.  We didn't have appetizers, because the entrees automatically come with toasts, french onion soup, baked potato, seasonal veggies and tumbleweed-type onions.  My collegue and I split a chateaubriand steak 17 oz medium rare - and it was really delectable.  Perfectly cooked with a thin crust on the outside and a cool middle on the inside, the steak really lived up to the hype.  The french onion soup was not too big, perfect for a starter and the cheese on top was just so melty-delicious!  The sides were also perfectly sized, and the baked potate was a highlight (get the fully loaded one!).  We also ordered a side of wild mushroom risotto (yeah, we ordered with our eyes).  That was tasty, but not my favorite part of the meal.  Steak wins! We then were taking on a lovely tour of the very tidy and clean kitchen followed by a tour of the wine cellar.  It was impressive - over 150,000 bottles on site and lots lots more offsite.  From there we went to the "dessert room."  Which was just the cutest thing ever.  What a fun experience!  The haunting room has individual dessert "rooms" for each party and was a perfect ending to the night.  I had the baked alaska, which was a spectacle of flambe upon arrival.  It was very delicious.  Macadamian ice cream, vanilla cake covered in Italian merengue.  Go for it!!!  Do some extra P90x tomorrow...
FANTASTIC service, pricey $$$ food that's well worth it, and wonderful wine- perfect night!
Bern's is an experience, not simply a meal.  I encourage you to eat at places like Morton's, Timpano's, Sullivan's and Ruth's Chris just to ensure you will be fully able to appreciate every little detail.  From the outside, the building is unassuming and on the large side.  Inside, it is like stepping back in time.  The lobby is something like the haunted house in Walt Disney World - vaulted ceilings, coats of arms and grand paintings in a dimly lit atmosphere.  Despite the vastness of the complex, the dining is broken up into multiple rooms which gives a much more cozy feeling than you might imagine. The steak is the main attraction and the larger the portion, the more flavorful the cut.  Unless you are dining by yourself, opt for one large cut which they will divvy up table side instead of ordering separate steaks.  For regulars of the chains I mentioned earlier, it is usually par for the course that anything you want with your steak and I literally mean anything, is extra.  The a la carte approach has its place for sure, but it is refreshing to see such quality beef offered in conjunction with french onion soup, house salad, grilled vegetables, a loaded baked potato and crispy onion straws. Dessert is such an affair it isn't even offered at your table!  The wait staff will offer a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar (don't give it a second thought, just nod yes) on your way to the dessert room which will give you an appreciation for their assembly line process of food preparation and the mind boggling wine cellar.  Remember the end of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" when the two g-men are wheeling the Ark in a box and the camera pans back to reveal an expanse of crates as far as the eye can see?  Well this is the wine bottle version of that room! Dessert is upstairs and if you had dinner, you will get priority seating but expect a short wait regardless.  Unless you have 6 or more in your party, no reservations just for the dessert room.  Much of the sweets comes from a bottle, but still worth every calorie.  Portions are large, so expect to share. And remember, friends don't let friends order well-done.
After going to quite a variety of steak houses in the area for work, I think I have decided Bern's is one of my favorites, mainly because you get the most for your money and the wait staff is the best I've seen. The decor of this place is incredible, each room has it's own feel to it. The menu is massive and kind of overwhelming at first. Especially when you get to the steak area (large chart). But take your time, and your waiter is very helpful for answers. Appetizers are not necessarily a must, as your meal already comes with loads of food. And if you want to make it to the dessert room (which believe me you do) you need to pace yourself. So on to the food. Your steak comes with the following: -french onion soup: wow -salad: get the macadamia vanilla bean vinaigrette. just do it. -loaded baked potato: yums -carrots: not a huge carrot fan, but they were pretty good -asparagus: hint of soy sauce, delicious -onion fries: obsessed The first time I came here a year ago (which was actually my first steak house) I ordered the filet. To be honest, It is the reason I am now a steak lover. The last time I came here with my boyfriend and his dad, I decided to try something new- the Châteaubriand (medium rare+). Perfectly pink in the center with a delicious crust on the outside, not burnt at all. No idea how they do it, but they have steaks down to a science. After the meal, your waiter will suggest a [free] tour of the kitchen and wine cellar before taking you up to the dessert room. It's pretty awesome, you should do this at least once. The dessert room is upstairs. We didn't get to go this last time, but it's definitely a must. Each seating area has it's own private "room" where you can choose your music. Desserts are delicious as expected. All in all, I'm pretty sure if you are trying to figure out what steak house to go to, say between Capitol Grill and Berns, this is DEFINITELY the winner.
This is a unique place to visit. It is a must visit for food and wine foodies. Largest wine selection for a steakhouse in the entire U.S. Steaks are amazing
Never been let down.  Service, food and drink are beyond exceptional.  From the main dining room to the dessert room and everything in between, everything was simply amazing.
Bern's is a place I love to take visitors when they come to town.. The tour of the place is cool in itself and the wine cellar is a treat even if you don't drink the stuff yourself. The pictures posted do it's gawdy interior justice and you cannot deny is has character. Steaks are done perfectly with enough options to make a casual meat eater's head explode. For a true fan though it is heaven on earth. If you've read anything about the place online I'm sure it's mentioned the great greens and veggies they often grow themselves. My only gripe about the place I've felt crammed in at times, they use every bit of floor space and if you don't like that feeling, go during off hours. This is one reason I don't go on my own behalf... If you want a bit more breathing room and some intimacy do dessert instead upstairs where you can share sweet with someone special.
An amazing experience. Every aspect, from the food to the tour and the history is just incredible. The menu is very extensive. We were a party of four and our table ordered the following: Black Truffle Tenderloin Steak Tartare; Foie Gras à la Plancha and Bern's Smoked Sturgeon Caviar. The entrees comes with soup and salad. Our table then had the CHÂTEAUBRIAND, strip sirloin, prime rib and lobster. Everything was amazing. Just when you thought it couldn't get any better... we were given a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar. It was after the tour that I fell in love. Our server escorted us to the dessert room upstars. There I just had another culinary-gasm! Mer de Soleil Late Harvest Wine ... O.M.F.G.! and then the one that did me in... Bananas Foster for TWO. Heck... We should have ordered the Bananas Foster for TEN! Again... AMAZING EXPERIENCE. It's not cheap but heck you only live one... and this one my friends is one FOR THE BOOKS! I wish you all at least ONE visit to this amazing four hour journey called Bern's.
This place is awesome.  When I saw the building outside, I was a little skeptical at first.  Once my husband and I walked in.... The decor stole my breath away.  It had a Victorian feel.  We went to Bern's on a Thursday night.  And I could not believe how packed the place was.  So, I just knew this place was going to have the best food. Also, not to mention that this place already had high reviews on Yelp.  Our reservations was for 9:30pm and we got seated at 9:40pm.  So, there was a little wait. I'm typically use to getting seated quicker in other five star restaurants.  But, I didn't let this get to me.  Because I just knew that the food was going to be totally worth the wait.   Once we got seated, the waiter was well knowledgable.... However, he could have been a bit more personable.  But that's still ok.   The waiter explained to us about how the ordering of your steak works.  The menu has the steaks broken out by inches/thickness along with a temperature breakout.   It seemed overwhelmed at first, but it was indeed helpful to see a breakout of this magnitude.   More steak houses should this.   Now.... Let's talk about the good stuff.   The food....   My filet was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Yes, perfection.  This was one of best steaks that I have ever had.  I'm a steak connoisseur and have ate steaks from around the world.  And this place comes in at number 1.   The side items consisted of onion straws which was so good and flavorful.  The carrots was just ok.  I wasn't particular fond of the sauce that they used to cook the carrots in.  The baked potato and string beans were very tasty.   After leaving the dining room table, we were given a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar.   So, not only do you get great food here, but an experience.  I really like that they do a tour.  Once we finished the tour, we went upstairs to the Dessert room.   Since the dessert room is a separate area from the dining room.... You had to pay for your dinner downstairs first.  Since this was my first time here, I was thinking that you get your final check at the end of the night.  However, after seeing how the Dessert room is setup (meaning it's like its own restaurant)....then it makes sense that we paid separately.   The dessert room was the best room to be in.  You get to sit in these cozy little pods/curved telephone booth.  And each pod has an old school music box where you can play various music genre.   For dessert, I got the strawberry shortcake.  It was 3 scoops of strawberry ice cream and one mini angel food cake.  My only complaint is that I wanted a mini cake for each scoops of ice cream.  But overall, the food was perfect, the ambience was just right and any time that I visit Tampa again.... I will definitely find myself here again.
Best steakhouse I have ever been to, and I've been to a few great ones. The ambience is incredible, and interior design is incomparable. They also have the world's largest wine list, it's 180 pages long! There is also a desert room upstairs, didn't go this past time but my family says it's amazing. There are different dining rooms so I suggest trying a different one each trip. I normally don't eat steak, but friends insisted I try this place.. I had a medium cooked 8 ounce filet mignon that was perfect!! Portion sizes are perfect, in my opinion. Most of the dinner selections include soup and salad. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny (my filet was about $32) but you will not regret it. *Another note, your best bet is to always make reservations. This place is packed every night of the week, reservations are essential! **the only complaint I have is that the severs have been known to rush you... We were seated and not 5 minutes later asked if we were ready to order. Bear in mind that the menu alone is about 20pgs long! Just let them know the pace you prefer to eat and they will gladly accommodate. If you have the opportunity to eat here, definitely do it.
What could I add? The best of the best...a complete experience you can get no where else. The most bang for your dining buck, and a great way to spend an evening. Anniversary dinner every year, although I love to go other times...anytime. Love this place. (and yes...don't miss the tour OR the desert room!)
Spent 8 years in Tampa Bay. Bern's is by far one of the most overrated experiences the city has to offer.  For those who wish to pull up to the restaurant for parking, if the mandatory valet service-drivers who take themselves much too seriously-don't do it for ya, walking into the Scarface-esque decorated seating area should give you a glimpse into this outdated restaurant. All the rooms are pretty much one word: tacky, and yes, I've eaten in all of them. (You do have the option of parking off-site, which means finding street parking-good luck-or using the lot across the street).Yes, they want to get by on their historic charm, well...Sagrada Familia, okay, that's historic. Bern's...me thinks not. So they have a great wine list. Really, they do. I can to ABC Liquor for that too. Honestly, I don't need to thumb through a million pages of wine. Narrow it down for me, and give me some great choices, okay? They automatically include a gratuity on their bills (little known fact), and don't let their customers know this ahead of time. A shame for the servers as most people give at least 20%, but why up it for them? Steaks-well you can get a better one at the Capital Grille in International Plaza or Charley's for that matter. Less money. Tastes better. The Bern's "label" does not make for a better steak. Now, the reason they get  a decent rating is because the truly great thing about Bern's is the dessert room upstairs. I don't know if Manny, the charming little old man who strokes the piano keys and croons out the tunes works there anymore, but he's a doll. Their desserts are great, as is their tea selection. Request a song, sit back and relax. Honestly, go to Cappy's for some great pizza first then the dessert room after. You can skip the pretentious service staff and overrated food and have a much more enjoyable time upstairs. If you HAVE to have a meal, do yourself a favor and pull up a seat at the bar. The conversation will be much better, at the very least.
Have a few extra $ to spend and eat a good dinner? This is the place to go. You feel like you're in some old spanish villa when coming in. This is ritzy. Like big time ritzy. Steak is amazing. Get a tour. Check out the wine cellar. Last time I went they had a bottle of wine older than George Washington. And I sat at a table next to Frank Robinson! Damn, shoulda gotten an autograph. Dessert lounge is amazing. I miss Tampa so much, but next time I'm going I'm bringing the new wife so she can experience this. Taste-wise I'm not gonna lie, as Ruth's Chris or Mortons may have it beat. But no restaurant matches the atmosphere. I am one who really doesn't give a crap about atmosphere. But this place makes it worth it. I'm not gonna say too much more. Everybody else here said it!
Old school steakhouse experience. Service was formal but friendly, steaks were very good and came with a small (very small) delicious French Onion soup, baked potato, salad and veggies.  The veggies were the weakest part of the meal, which is too bad since they apparently grow their own on a nearby farm.  But then this is a steakhouse not a veggie restaurant and the steaks were clearly the reason we were there. After dinner we took a short tour of the kitchen and wine cellar and then went upstairs to the Dessert Room.  Dessert selections were outstanding and tasty. Not a cheap meal at all, about $200 for three people and that was with one glass of wine for me and dessert for all of three of us.  A nice vacation treat.
I went here because I saw the restaurant on TV as one of the best places to eat. The atmosphere is amazing and the service was great. The food was super fresh. My main issue was the food had no flavor, it was bland. At the end of the day it comes down to taste, this place missed the mark. Save the money...
Berns is fantastic. I really have no complaints. The outside of he building is very unassuming, but once you walk in, you are surrounded by somewhat gaudy, eclectic rooms. Every room is different with a different theme. The food never disappoints, all of the vegetables are organically grown on their own farm. The meat is aged to perfection and knives are not always needed, since the meat is so tender. I highly recommend the kitchen tour, to see where the magic happens. This is concluded by a tour of their wine cellar, the largest private wine collection. They can always give you some great stories about some of the wine. You conclude your night in the upstairs dessert room, where you dine in old wine casks. I love the bananas foster and the chocolate peanut butter cake! The service is impeccable and the food is great!
Bern's is the epitome of what a true upscale steakhouse aspires to be. We make the trip to Tampa specifically to eat here and stay at the InterContinental as we could never possibly make the two hour ride back to Orlando after what's always a great experience. You'd be hard pressed to find a better place to find a good wine to go with your steak, nor will you find a place that has a dessert room quite like the Harry Waugh room upstairs.
You wouldn't think it from the outside, but this is a serious steakhouse.  Make no mistake.  From the moment you enter the classical deep wood and leather decor stands out and makes that point. The menu boasts an extensive offering of meat cuts and includes a full encyclopedic explanation of the cuts and their respective manner of preparations.  There are also fish and lamb dish alongside a plethora of a la carte side dishes and appetizers. The wait staff is expedient and very attentive.  You start with a cocktail and they pace you through all the servings without any sense of hurry.   I started out with the flight of foie gras appetizer.  Three foie gras preparations that were utterly decadent.  From the classic style that was buttery with toasted brioche to the richly savory with a wine reduction to the wonderful melted foie gras inside a hot muffin.  The standard french onion soup that is served as part of the steak entree offering is wonderfully rich and hearty.  The broth is excellent and the onions are sweet and covered with a thick caramelized cheese cover that melts perfectly in every scoop.  The salad is fresh and crispy.  I picked a balsamic reduction that was nicely tangy.  I could taste each component of the salad.  Unlike some places where you mostly taste water from the drowned vegetables. My entree was the chateaubriand.  I picked a nice 13oz cut that was perfectly prepared medium rare.  The outer layer was a nice seared crust with a succulent red center.  From the first bite, I opted to not add the traditional white wine reduction sauce because that would have spoiled the excellent meaty flavor. My wine pick from the extensive collection offered was the Chateauneuf du Pape Beaucastel 2001.  A perfect match for any meat dish with beautiful bouquet of cherries and red berries.  The tannin was subtle and balanced.   My only regret is that I didn't get a chance to try out the dessert or caviar.  My tablemates had ordered fish and lamb dishes and they were equally effusive about the fare.  Next time, I'll pick a smaller size cut so I can have enough appetite for it.  Overall, this was one of the best steak house experience that I've had in a while.
Had a great corporate dinner here and enjoyed the full experience with the wine tour and dessert room upstairs.  The food is well seasoned and fresh. The options would meet most dietary regimens (even for my wheat and dairy-free requirements). Portions of appetizers are reasonable for sharing.
I've been to this restaurant twice,  in Nov 2012 & Dec 24, 2012. The first experience, I would give it 5 stars as the waiter was well seasoned with a bit of personality, very accommodating at making suggestions and modifications I requested, and my friend & I had a more sectioned off semi private table in the corner of the room .  All the food came out perfect and I enjoyed the entire experience. The second experience on Christmas Eve with my husband was truly disappointing however and I would have to give it 2 stars.  I was seated in a small table in the center of a loud room, filled with other big parties, overwhelmed with the noise of everyone else's conversations.  The waiter was in his 20's and more of an order taker, and seemed not interested in being there.  It took about 15 minutes for him to greet us after we sat down.  He neglected to bring the French Onion Soup which came with the meal cause we had paid for another type of soup and forgot to pack my soup to go.  He had cheese on my salad when I specifically requested NO CHEESE.  I thought there was no way to screw up my grilled asparagus and they did as the cooks drowned it in a  very spicy worchestire sauce .  By this point, I was too peeved and just ate it because it cost so much.  Thank  goodness my rare fillet mignon was cooked correctly and was the highlight of my meal.   For the price I paid and the quality of service I received, I will not be coming back here again on my dime.
If your idea of a steakhouse is either Fleming's or Ruth's Chris then you may have also been nodding your head when the girl on the Andrew Firestone The Bachelor asked him if he liked Italian food. Firestone said yes. She then asked him if he liked Olive Garden. He said no. She said, "I thought you said you liked Italian food." Bern's is a total experience in every way and also a total anomaly for the West Coast of Florida. While I suffered through years of dining woes all over the West Coast of Florida, Bern's stands strong as one of the best overall dining experiences I have ever had. The service is phenomenal and as many have noted, in order to be a server at Bern's you must pay your dues over years. These dues are translated directly into your experience. Anything you ask will be answered with pure knowledge. Everyone should get the French Onion soup, whether you think you will like it or not. Chances are high that you will like it. Also, no matter what you think of Caesar salads, you must get one. They come to the table and prepare it right there and it is the freshest and most perfect Caesar salad there can be. I am not usually that big of a fan and I still think about that salad in lonely moments when the salad in front of me seems uninspired and wimpy. All meats are done to perfection. If yours was not perfect, you are either never happy with anything including your life, wife and/or husband and your house or you got a very random and unusual error. To cap off what is already an outstanding food experience is an immense and all encompassing wine list, a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar and finally and most importantly, the dessert room. This is not a tiny section, this a like an entire restaurant within a restaurant just dedicated to desserts. You sit in tight and comfortable booths, you get a new dessert server and you get the most delectable desserts you could ask for. I went into my first visit expecting to be underwhelmed because most of Florida, when it comes to fine dining (and most everything else), is completely lackluster when you have lived in other big cities that worship food. For what you get in terms of food and the experience, it is not overpriced at all. In the end, Bern's was fantastic and stands alone as the best steakhouse I have ever been to.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday very recently. When we walked in, it felt like a plethora of old politicians with a faint love for renaissance puked all over the interior. It's tasteful, don't get me wrong, but I thought the thick red tapestries on the wall with the dim lighting and tassles reminded me more of a old western whore house than a fine dining restaurant. We were seated in a room with more lighting eventually (score!) and with the help of a (soon-to-be master) sommelier, we chose an AMAZING pinot noir to go with our meal. This might be a little known fact, but Bern's has the best wine selection in the world. Yes, the world. They have 10,000 types of wine in their cellar at this location, but they have a warehouse where they carefully store another 600,000 upon request. If you ask your server, they'll get you in on a quick walking tour so you can go check out the cellar for yourself in all it's musky, dusty cool faded-label glory :) (I highly recommend it!) The wine was served in a large decanter as our very simple, light and refreshing salad was served, followed by french onion soup in small metal cups with a decadent four-cheese cap. Then arrived our shared Chateaubriand 8oz steak cooked medium rare - perfectly medium rare and completely tender. I've never had steak melt in my mouth before. I focused mainly on the steak and avoided eating too much of the sides. Why? Because we needed room for the dessert room upstairs :) Bern's doesn't serve dessert. Instead, they have an establishment upstairs called the Harry Waugh dessert room :)  Here you can order classics like bananas foster, creme brulee, or more decadence like their uber chocolate dessert varieties. We were seated in what can be best described as a personal semi-enclosed cubby with a control panel where we can choose to either hear the live piano in the restaurant downstairs, or other music such as jazz, classical or pop. We ordered bananas foster and I had a 1963 armagnac to go with it. The server there prepared our dessert on a portable stove with all the needed ingredients on the cart right at our table, which was so awesome. All told, the service, food, and even pricing (even if some say it's too expensive) were quite reasonable and very top shelf in my opinion; even if the decor reminded me of a whore house ;)
I love old school steakhouses- and this one is certainly worth the trip.  Even if you don't have dinner (or can't afford to- yeah it's pricey), a trip to the dessert room is worth it.
Awful New Years experience.  I have been a Berns customer for at least 7 years and make 1-2 annual pilgrimages for special occasions etc.  We have never experienced such disgraceful service at Berns and hope we never do again. When making the reservation for New Year's Eve the restaurant never told us that there would be NO tours of the wine cellar or kitchen, NO Caesar salad, and NO flaming desserts. These things are what make Berns special and really should have been called out to us in advance. We had someone in our party from Australia who was really disappointed they couldn't experience the place.  Our waiter also did not make any mention of this- only when we tried to order the Caesar we were told no along with the quote "I've been working here for 42 years and we've never done it".  Not really an appropriate response. As we were sat- no hi welcome to Berns, or a how are you...just a "you need to hurry up and order because the kitchen is closing" Our mouths were agape in surprise. 1. We were seated 30m late from our reservation time so that should have been considered and 2. The kitchen wasn't taking last orders for another 30 minutes!!!  We were being rushed from the moment we sat. Our guest from overseas had to actually ask the waiter to spiel him on the steaks!!!   We ordered over $450 of wine- instead of opening and decanting our magnum our waiter tried to rush us through our salads- and actually was rolling his eyes as I looked through the list to order a 2nd bottle! I had to ask to have the wine opened and decanted to which he responded "I'm trying to!" Then took care of it and came back to me with "I decanted the wine now can I give you your salads!?"   Two of us work in hospitality as GMs of fine dining restaurants- I personally spent a number of years working jn restaurants aside from spending $1000+ on this meal and know what BAD hospitality looks and feels like. We asked in advance to have our parents table's check brought to us as we would be combining it and splitting it amongst the children.  The check of course was not brought combined and when we asked for them to transfer the table the waiter refused and started to argue. My brother nearly flipped out. The right answer should have been "let me find out how we can do that for you". After refusing and starting to argue the waiter left and after 10 minute came back with the consolidated bill as we originally asked! There didn't seem to be any manager on duty or anyone who said anything to us about the terrible service- despite loudly complaining and even telling our parents server that he were very uncomfortable about how we were treated. I would recommend Berns making some steps to push out some of the 40 year "lifers" who just don't care anymore and treat the guests like numbers. There are many polished, polite, friendly staff members (like our parents waiter Matt or our waiter in the dessert room) who are wonderful and would love the server job. I know it's tough to work New Year's Eve late and that servers want to be at home with their family but that was the career path our waiter chose and part of being a server is working on all the holidays. You need to do your job and hold yourself to the same standard that your guests deserve and expect on any other day of the year. Epic fail Berns. Only way 2014 can go is up from here!
Stuffy traditional steakhouse with a reputation to uphold Atmosphere            75 (only that high for what it is) Service                     88  (the closest to old wortld service in the area) Food                         90  (fine beef the way it should be served) Value                        75  (expensive and there are better steaks) Pricey but worth a one time experience
I've been back to Bern's twice since my original review - both times when visiting my parents.  Last time, my husband came along - he's an even harder person to impress than me when it comes to fine dining.  Let's just say that Bern's won him over as well - he loved his meal and raved about it for days!  He was really impressed with the great service as well as the tour of the wine cellar.  We'll be back for sure next time we are in Tampa!
This place is WAY overrated.   Pros: Impeccable service.  The steak dinner is a good deal.  You get soup, salad, steak, potato and vegetables for $50 or less, if you don't go crazy with your steak option.  Nice interior architecture and lighting. Cons: The "steak" knives were akin to steak knives you get at Denny's (I'm not kidding).  The NY strip steak was big and hot, but had no flavor and was tough and not juicy.  Potato used dried scallions.  Really?  The carrot shavings were nothing special.  There was no background music playing, and you are in a smallish room with about 8-10 other tables so it was uncomfortable b/c you could hear everyone else's conversation. My buddy agreed this place isn't all it's cracked up to be.  I still give it 3 stars b/c of the service and value for the all inclusive entrees, but I won't be back.
I have nothing to complain about with this place.  Although I've only been there twice I have to say it's been the best two experiences. I had the sirloin along with the salad,  onion soup,  backed potatoes,  vegetable and onion rings...  Man its a lot of food!  Before I had ever tried berns I thought it was going to be expensive,  but I got all the mentioned items for about 40 bucks,  definitely left here feeling stuffed.  The onion soup is to die for its so delicious!  The salad is almost a meal in its own because it's huge and is prepared nicely.  Of course the sirloin was delicious as well and melts in your mouth.   My first time there my boyfriend and I had the whole tour along with going in the desert room.  The tour was fun and I recommend everyone doing it at least once.  It's insane how many wines they have and how they have everything organized in the kitchen.  I had apple pie and some sort of cappachino for desert.  I love how they have the desert section set up and ther is even a small radio  so you can listen to music. So the end result is I love this place!
Great food. This place definitely has the best ambiance in Tampa. You also HAVE to hit the desert room after dinner as it is a necessary part of the overall experience.  Bern's doesn't have the best steaks in Tampa though. Charley's steaks are much better...
Thanks to Dave G for this really great tip.   Dining at Bern's is really an experience you won't find anywhere else.   If you're visiting, you'd be doing yourself a great disservice if you don't try it.  I was told they are already fully booked for the week of the GOP convention in August.   Not surprising given they have 1 MILLION bottles in their wine cellar.  That's right - 1 million bottles (10% at the restaurant and rest across the lot in a wine cellar warehouse).   Their most expensive bottle is a magnum for $30k, which happens to be the favorite of a billionaire customer, la de la! I was dining alone and decided to skip the dining room and just ate at the bar where I can see the action.   These guys are pros.  From the bartenders to the wait staff constantly shuttling foods and plates, to the guys that give tours to the wine cellar and the kitchen. As for the food, I had the grilled shrimp which was grilled to perfection.  My Chateaubriand entree was served with salad, a petite tin of French onion soup, onion ring strings, and grilled organic veggies from the restaurant farm nearby (all entrees come with the same sides).  The meat was tender and also grilled perfectly.  While it's not cheap, you won't leave Bern's hungry.   After dinner, they have me a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar.   The kitchen tour reminded me of those on cruise ships so no big deal except I really appreciated the volume of business the place generates.  The wine cellar was truly awe inspiring and I'm not even a real wine drinker.  The sheer volume of bottles was just amazing.  I really don't know how they find anything down there but their system works.  I would hate to be the one who has to take inventory. So again, when in Tampa, eat at Bern's!!
Ok, so the reason Fred and I flew to sunny, crazy Florida was to eat at Bern's Steak House. Fred described his memories of the restaurant to me and it sounded like THE place to eat steak. Seemed like a good idea so celebrate our birthdays in a big way because it's a big birthday for Fred :) A family owned restaurant that includes it's own organic garden, cattle ranch, huge wine collection sounds wonderful doesn't it? To be a waiter there, one must apprentice for 5 years. As a diner one can spend 4 hours eating delicious steak, touring the kitchen and the wine cellar (the 100,000 bottle collection was impressive), and enjoying a private desert room upstairs. This made it all sound worth a trip to Florida. Covered valet parking, replicas of sculptures made by famous artists, and a two story foyer were three pieces of the amazingly interesting decor. Other awesome adornments included a blood red carpet, school building ceilings, fold up tables and cheap antique chairs. Those things you will never find at a pricey restaurant in Asheville I felt confused. I'm thinking, is this for real? We are about to spend a couple hundred dollars in a restaurant with folding tables in a Stephen King's Shining-like atmosphere? It didn't even qualify as kitsch. Not to mention that every other person dining there seemed to be there just to say they had been there. I was one of them! yikes. I had a great view of two teenagers that were either on their way to prom or very over dressed. And who brings their KIDS to a restaurant like this? Floridians. Well, our server was very good. We tasted two wines before settling on a champagne to drink with our appetizers. We had a red with the steak that was fabulous. The appetizers were good, but not nearly as memorable as the tuna with wasabe appetizer we had at Snapper's the next night. The steak was steak. I'm not qualified to judge that. The sides that came with the steak ... not so good. And substituting other sides for the ones you don't want requires paying extra. I'm sorry though ... onion rings and onion soup???? Are you trying to kill me? The real treat was the desert room. It felt private, had it's own music system, and also included very good service. I had cheesecake, chocolate ice cream with cocoa nibs, and fresh blackberries. Fred ordered us a flight of Taylor's port. We shared the 10 yr, 20 yr, 30 yr, and 40 yr. Nice. That was yummy. As it gets older it gets very smooth and yummy. Plus, it is cool to drink something that's older than I am. To top off the night I got a mint coffee drink with some kind of alcohol in it. And that coffee drink put me over edge. 2 a.m. was not pretty. So, my advice is: don't travel to Florida to find good food. Especially when you live in a city FULL of good food.
Five Stars. This is definitely a one off! This just can't be copied. The wine list is longer than a phonebook. The steaks are of course superlative, but the french onion soup is undervauled. The dessert room is excellent for celebrating special ocassions too. I love the chocolate souffle with a nice cognac snifter. Must go for any visitor to Tampa!
Absolutely the best steak house ever! Very high prices but definitely worth it!!! The food is to die for!
The easiest five star review I have ever written.  Look, this place needs another review about as much as I need a kick in the head.  What more can be said about the best steak I have ever had?   The staff here are PROFESSIONALS.  Seriously, they know their business.  They know the product, they know customer service, and they know how to treat a customer.   THIS IS A MUST VISIT RESTAURANT!
I will go to Tampa, Florida just to dine at Bern's. Service is 5-star, the waiters train there for 2 years before being allowed to work. Attention to detail is unparalleled. Be sure to make reservations way in advance, Bern's is very popular. Steaks and seafood surreal. When it is time for dessert...don't say no. You will be taken to another room to enjoy your dessert. It is an experience not to be missed.
I've lived in Trampa most my life, almost actively avoiding Bern's Steak House. After reading some reviews and getting a gift card, I'm ready to judge for myself. I hope they're ready for me. Review to follow. Ok, so it's called Bern's Steak House for a reason. The steak is the only reason to come here and pay an arm and a leg to see Jeter at a table next to you and all that garbage. They should probably enforce a dress code because apparently fashion sense doesn't come with money. The LEAST you could do, is dress for dinner folks. I did it wrong, I admit. I got some ground beef crap chopped steak meatloaf something or other that didn't even matter because I was already full of things that were not steak. I was tempted away by delicious caviar, a soup, a salad, an exquisite wine menu, and took my eyes off the prize. They parked the caddy in a damn dirt pit that was a spit's distance away, charged us ten bucks, threw in a tour, and I didn't order a freaking steak! Did not have room for dessert, but did get to taste a damn good coffee, Fatties beware: do not be tempted away by various offerings at this place. ORDER THE STEAK! Wow I'm an idiot.
A one of a kind experience.  Allow plenty of time to tour the wine cellar and have a drink in the desert room.
Amazing food. The servers treat me like crap every time. I guess because I don't drink alcohol there so I don't spend 40 on a steak and 50 on wine. I have no gripes on the restaurant. I recommend the steak tar tar. My favorite and I can eat a Chateaubriand for two because its always cooked perfectly!!
I've been coming here for over 20 years. It is unbelievably consistent and an incredible treat every time. I mean, they have their own farm for gosh sake. Talk about attention to detail! Take the tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar and you'll see what I mean. Also, don't be afraid to ask for recommendations on the wine. For example, we said, "We want a bold, old Italian red that is affordable". Bam! We're having incredible 30 year old Italian red wine for less than $50. Where else can you do this? Nowhere. Period. Once, in a crazy attempt at a pointless achievement, we tried to sample every kind of liquor available in the desert room. I'm here to tell you, it is simply not possible.
First of all what is the "classy steak house" that some of the previous reviewers are talking about? It seems like an oxymoron to me. The other steak restaurants are usually eating houses with a large cross-section of people eating there, those celebrating something special, those who cannot figure out anything to eat except meat and potatoes, those on an expense account trying to take advantage of the company or impress someone by buying the most expensive bottle of wine on the menu (marked up 3x or more), etc. Second, who is giving Bern's the lowest marks? The clowns who live in the Tampa area. They don't deserve this restaurant. If Bern's wasn't in Tampa there would be no reason to go to Tampa, especially since they now have Hooters in other cites. By the way, I'm surprised that the steak sandwich at Hooters wasn't mentioned in the same breath as the top notch steaks at Publix and Outback. These so called classy steak restaurants with all the typical dark wood (probably fake), definitely fake leather and atmospheric subdued lighting are ripping you off royally. They take themselves much too seriously so that you think there is a reason that you are paying those outrageous prices. They don't know where their meat comes from (think mad cow) much less their vegetables (Sysco or equal). The don't have a clue about organic. Their wine list is the same as the chain steak house, chain Italian restaurant, chain Parisian bistro down the street, etc., etc., etc. I have only had the opportunity to eat at Burns twice. Most recently last year. Both times were among the most memorable restaurant experiences I have had. Granted, some of the side dishes were not great but overall, the over-the-top, tacky, preserved 50's/60's atmosphere, the excellent service, the great steak (not the best I have ever had but still great), the amazing wine list and the even more amazing dessert wine list, the experience was fabulous. We had all of the typical dishes, caviar, oysters, wedge salad, steak, steak house sides, etc. All were good or better. What really caps off the experience is to plumb the wine list. I asked the sommlier to recommend a nice Burgundy. He asked if I wanted a young Burgundy or an old Burgundy. When I said an old one his face lit up and he began to rub his hands together. He asked how much I wanted to spend and I asked that he keep it under $300.00. He returned a short time later with a 1961 Burgundy (I don't know the producer, I will have to go thru my files for the label). The wine was nothing short of spectacular and when the bill came it was $198.00, probably one of the best wine bargains ever. If this was any other restaurant, you would never even find a bottle like this, it would be some new, ridiculously over priced, Southern Wine and Spirits dreck that would cost $299.99. This was the best wine meal that I have (easily beating the French Laundry) had and it was a small fraction of what it would have cost if it could be found somewhere else. The dessert wine, a Madeira from the late 1800's was equally spectacular. This is one of the best restaurants in America, too bad it is in Tampa.
In every city I visit, I seek out the best steak and I always have the ribeye. In the past year I've had ribeye in Vegas (circus circus), Denver, DC, San Francisco, and Anchorage. This is BY FAR the best steakhouse I've ever been to, and the best ribeye I've ever eaten. Aged in house, cut to order and cooked to perfection. The whole Bern's experience- the wines, desert room- incredible. You must have a steak here once in your life.
I don't know if or how i can contribute Any further to what has already Been said about this spectacular, outstanding fine stablisment. All I can do is Re-confirm all that has been said thus far. Truly a memorable experience, specially the desert room. And no, it's a not a room full of deserts in case you're thinking that. It is a room where you are a assigned to a private sort of booth in which you have a radio and you can choose what music you want to play inside your booth. Super intimate experience. Really cool. One of the things I loved the most about this place was the service and staff, surprisingly these people weren't all that pretentious as one would have thought, they are not pushy at all, they don't come with wine bottles and rub them all over your face encouraging you to taste this and that and to pair this wine with this and that dish and that the chef highly recommends this wine with that steak. This was not that type of fine dining environment. They make you feel no pressure but rather try to make the experience very casual and let you take control of what you want to make of the night, whether you want to sip on expensive wine, nice cocktail, martinis or if you want a budlight. This was very refreshing for us as we have a very limited knowledge of wine and are not that into it. We however always enjoy sangrias so we went with that, and it was phenomenal. Our server, Drew is a 29 year veteran at bern's steak house and I'm pretty Certain he is the most amazing server there is in the world. Yep, the world. You can special request your server here, that said, I highly suggest you request Drew to be your server. Just trust me, tell them you want Drew as up your server when you call in for a reservation.  Amazing gentleman. In our next visit we will make sure to request him. The food; everything was good here, in particular the steak, I wouldn't say it's the best I've had but very good nonetheless. If I had to recommend something from here it would be the lobster bisque and Foie Gras a la plancha. I consider myself a lobster bisque connoisseur, I would say I have had lobster bisque in at least 25 different restaurants some of them which specialize and are well known for lobster bisque, and nothing comes remotely close to the one served here at Bern's. It was rich and intense, smokey, bacony, just flat out DELECIOUS. It really left my taste buds craving for much more. I would comeback just for lobster bisque and ask if I can purchase by the gallon. Yeah, it is THAT GOOD. The Foie Gras a la plancha was also amazing, very rich, fatty, smooth and not over powerly liver-ness taste. Highly recommended. From the dessert room we had the macadamian ice cream with the moist carrot cake.  The ice cream was so good, real Creamy and flavorful, perfect companion for the carrot cake. Oh, let's not for get the Cappuccino bern's steak  House. Sooooooo freaking goood and i am not a coffee person but i recognize when i taste a good coffee so that coming from me it's no small praise! All in all we absolutely loved this place and will probably be back for another special occasion. Most likely I will stay away from the steak the next time and try some of the sea food.
One word....fabulous.  I can not believe reviewers would compare Berns to Outback or Publix.....they could not be more wrong.  The lobster bisque was yummy, my steak was perfect in every way (really!), the onion strings delicate and crisp and the fresh vegetables wonderful.  The wine list is the best I have ever viewed and the service impeccable.  We did have a tour of the kitchen and dessert upstairs, which I highly recommend.  The upstairs is extremely private and looks as though the Rat Pack could walk by at any moment.  I will be back, I will take clients back, as I highly recommend this GREAT restaurant.  I loved my experience at Berns.
I am not a big meat eater, but at Bern's I will have some steak (the Delmonico, yum). The service at Bern's is always top notch and the food is great. Their salad and french onion soup are delicious! The atmosphere is pretty cool, a little gaudy, but fun. I think it's a great place to go for a special occasion for some great food and drinks. I will say that I am not a huge fan of the dessert room. My husband and I have tried quite a few over the past few years and only really loved maybe one or two we've tried. If you can share a steak with your date it's usually a better deal because you'll both get all the delicious sides. Woot.
This is my second visit to Bern's but by no means will it be my last. The second visit was equally as fun if not more calming because I felt more knowledgeable about what to expect. We went on a Tuesday night to celebrate a birthday and noticed that the crowd was less stuffy. I even saw a few people in jeans and a button down which I thought was odd. We valet parked our car for $5.00 not including gratuities (huge sign, you can't miss it).  I made reservations a week prior even though it was on a week day, you can't be too careful with popular places. We were quickly seated in a well-lit room. I notice that the lighting this time around was much brighter than two years ago when the lights were dim and photos were very hard to take without blinding people with flash. I wonder if this lighting change is because  we went on a week day or a general practice now. Nothing like visiting for my third time for "research." I started off the night a with a nice sweet glass of Riesling White Wine that the waiter recommended. My brother and I both got the Special Chateaubriand (I got the 7 oz and he got the 9 oz). My boyfriend got the 10 oz Delmonico. All entrees come with their French Onion Soup and Toast, Salad (from their organic farm) with choice of dressing, Sauteed Vegetables, Thin Onion Rings and a Baked Potato. The soup was delicious albeit a small portion. The cheese was perfectly melted on top of the soup. The toast was a little dry for my taste but my brother loved it. The waiter described the toast as garlic toast and some high fiber bread. The salad dressing came on the side with a small gravy boat. The options seemed endless like Ranch, Blue Cheese, Cleopatra (Caesar), different vinaigrettes. I enjoyed my Citrus Vinaigrette. There was a variety of vegetables on my plate and I enjoyed every bite. Picky eaters might opt to pick an a-la-carte salad instead or ask the waiter exactly what is going on the salad. Off the top of my head there were lettuce, red peppers, tomatoes, cucumbers, eggs, avocado, sprouts, an olive, cheese, and carrots. The main course came and I could not finish it! I made sure to finish everything except for the potato. The meat was perfectly cooked (we all asked for medium). The sides were sliced sauteed zucchini squash, shredded carrots, thinly fried onion rings and a large baked potato (toppings included sour cream, butter, chives and bacon bits). After dinner, our waiter went to schedule our tour of the kitchen and wine cellar followed by dessert in the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. We had to take care of the bill in the Main Dining Room before heading to our tour. They added an automatic 12% gratuity to it and my bf didn't catch it before he left his tip. He left it the way it was since it was already written out but be sure to look at your bill next time. Overall, it was a perfectly affordable for the three of us considering if this restaurant was located in NYC, it would be double the price. The tour was fun and informative. Our guides were very knowledgeable and friendly. My brother was most impressed with the Dessert Room when we were sitting in our individual wine cask and listening to music of our choosing. He ordered the Strawberry Shortcake. I ordered the Chocolate Peanut Butter Truffle (apparently featured on Food Network's - Best Thing I Ever Ate). My boyfriend opted for a dessert coffee - The Minted Chocolate Coffee - for his dessert. The waitress warned me that my dessert was super rich but that just encouraged me more to order it. She was right (of course), I couldn't finish it but I did enjoy it. Overall, I had a lot of fun and I hope to go back there soon.
This place is great. For sure the best Lobster Bisque ever! I didn't order it but was able to taste my husband's and basically licked the plate. Okinawan potato's are amazing. Steak was cooked perfectly!! My mom and friend really enjoyed this place. Top notch.
Had a really nice evening here.  It is crowded!  Could not get in till 9:30 so book ahead.  However, it was worth it!  Food was very good and abundant.  Service at table was excellent.  We had been told to expect a big bill but coming from Chicago steakhouses, this was more than fair! Would definitely come back...just call a few days in advance!
I don't know how you begin to review a place as heavenly as Bern's. I am an out-of-towner who was lucky enough to visit Bern's twice this year. The wine list is like nothing you've ever seen. We tried some bottles from as early as the 1950's. The sommelier was extremely knowledgeable and made our dinner an excellent learning experience. Everyone's steak was cooked to perfection and the sides, especially the twice-baked potatoes, were decadent extras. After our meal we took a tour through the kitchen and the wine cellar before we made our way to the dessert room. There we were given a list of 60+ dessert options, and another list of excellent wine choices. Be warned that the desserts are huge, definitely go with a big group, get a few, and share. I would recommend Bern's is an excellent way to entertain clients or even to just have a really nice family dinner or celebration.
Hmm... Bern's. I'm torn. I think because there's so much hype surrounding this restaurant, it's impossible to not have really, really high hopes. Maybe too high. The steak alone merits a 5 star rating. It was crazy how amazing it was. Best steak i've ever had. That was the only thing that left me truly amazed though. The sides were mediocre, most of which I tasted but didn't finish, with the French onion soup being the tasty exception. The kitchen and wine cellar tour was a really interesting addition to the dinner. Before we left we went to the dessert room and decided to be a little gluttonous- we ordered the banana cheesecake and their famous macadamia sundae. I've had better desserts elsewhere, but the prices were reasonable and the dessert room itself was delightful. All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed myself, but I wouldn't say it completely lived up to the hype, ergo, 4 stars.
Pat is out waiter and he knows everything there is to know about the menu and food preparations to the right wine to choose.  All you need to do is be sure to RSVP ahead and ask for Pat!  Wonderful food and atmosphere!
I wish I were a steak and wine connoisseur to make this review really count, but I'm not. Just a Tampa resident who seriously enjoys the annual tradition dinner at Bern's. We always spend our anniversary here; although, I wish I could eat here weekly. Everything is the best of the best, everything. Here are our few of our favorite things: - House salad. Contains veggies from their own farm. We've tried the table-side made Caesar salad, but I still like the house the best, topped with macadamia vanilla bean vinaigrette. Best fresh veggies I've ever had. - Lobster bisque soup. Their amazing french onion comes with your meal, but like I've said before for lobster bisque: "you make it, I'll try it." So, so good. - The steak, any of it, all of it. My favorite is the Chateaubriand. If you don't even like meat, you'll love this. *You must attend the kitchen and wine cellar tours. We do it every time. It's amazing information about this Tampa gem, and it allows your food to digest before you visit...* - The dessert room. You will have leftovers from dinner or at least you should, so save room for dessert anyways. Live piano and booth controlled audio. Very romantic and numerous choices for desserts, fruits, coffees, drinks. The price you pay for the one of the best meals of your life is totally worth it. So proud to have this staple in Tampa. PS: one of my secret favorites are the automatic toilet seat covers in the bathroom. I've come across them too few and far between, but it doesn't surprise me that Bern's has them. Nice touch, literally.
Excellent experience! The place lives up to its expectations. Just be sure to make a reservation.
I'm an online lurker ... for 10 years!  This restaurant is the reason I broke my silence.  Summer 2007, 7th anniversary, prelude to a Mexican Cruise.  The cruise was great but the trip home left me wondering when I would fly back to Tampa to eat at Bern's.  The 5 star reviews already say it best (it's such a pleasant journey down memory lane to read them) as I'm speechless even this far removed from the experience.  I've paid more then the $200/couple on many occasions but this is by far the most worth the money.
I recently attended my Great-Aunt's 95th birthday celebration which was held in the dessert room at Bern's. My driver braved hurricane force winds, massive lightning strikes and heavy downpour all so I could indulge in some high-end delicacies. Upon entering, my attention was immediately drawn to the dark velour decor and the ancient portraits on the walls. One day, I hope that an oil painting of my face will fill an antique frame. I must inquire as to how this can be accomplished before I pass on. Bern's was easily able to accomodate our large party, as my aunt has multiple gentleman callers who attended. I admired the fact that the dessert room is set up so one can enjoy their privacy. Each private area has a phone and music selection where you can choose to have either live music, broadway, classical light, classical pop, contemporary or jazz piped in. We enjoyed classics such as Savage Garden, Taylor Swift and Beyonce. So lovely. I ordered a Stinger to sip on as it reminds me of my childhood. Although no one can quite match my father's Stinger, the bartender at Bern's came close. We all placed our dessert orders, and I opted for the chocolate peanut butter truffle. It was rich and decadent, and it was fed to me by one of my aunt's gentleman callers. Perfect. Overall, our experience at Bern's was lovely. The only mishap that occurred was when we went to retrieve our vehicles from the valet. I had no issue as my limo was already waiting for me, however one member of our party was not so lucky. The valet informed him that they could not locate his '64 Impala. We were quite shocked, as how does one manage to lose such a classic car equipped with hydraulics and spinners? After about 20 minutes of searching, my aunt's gentleman caller was reunited with his one true love. Needless to say, my aunt will no longer be entertaining this gentleman as she witnessed his uncontrollable sobbing over his missing car. He was not nearly this upset when my aunt underwent her hemorrhoid surgery. Tragic. Anyways, do treat yourself to an indulging dessert at Bern's. You won't be disappointed!
There are already 218 reviews that say similar things, so I'll keep this short. Pros - Great prices for what you get. Most high-end steakhouses are a la-cart ordering, buto here with any entree you get French nion soup, fresh garden salad made w veggies from their own garden/farm, baked potato, and fresh veggies. Meat - dry aged and butchered on-site so they can ensure freshness and perfect cuts each time. I got the 10oz ribeye and was asked if I prefered it leaner or fattier, which is nice bc most places can't get that specific bc their meat arrives pre-portioned. Dessert room - expensive and gluttonous, but a must if it's your first time. Bananas foster flambeed tableside was the best I've ever had.  Also, great coffee/liquor drinks. Ambiance - eclectic and cool and different. Not trying to be a snooty old steakhouse, instead its very original with a French burlesque feel to it. Cons - It's packed! Went on a Saturday And it was jammed, but we had a drink at the bar and halfway thru our wine the table was ready. Highly recommend having a res and calling at least 2 weeks in advance to get a reasonable time especially on the weekends.  But I certainly can take any stars away just because it's popular, that's actually a testament to how good it is.
I tend to be a picky foodie who tries to be reasonable and rein in my high expectations of meals....see my other reviews. My wife and I went on a Sunday night in early March 09...we made our reservation 2 months in advance...and were made to wait 20 minutes  to be seated after being on time....so I started to get anxious. Let's just say this...read all the other reviews.  They are fairly spot on. In short, if you're a steak house person and you miss going to Bern's if you're in Tampa, shame on you. Highlights and points: Yes, the decor is dated and you sit too close to other people.  Its a steakhouse.... Yes, they have a Million bottle wine cellar (that's what they say).....the wine list is probably 40 pages long....so if you're into wine...you'll be impressed. Take the kitchen and wine cellar tour.... and of course...the dessert room is alot of fun to do with great desserts. Our waiter told us that they have a 2 year apprenticeship to become a "full fledged" waiter, and I have to say for being a young guy, he was very personable, and knew what he was doing....which was really nice to see. Not every item of food served was THE MOST amazing I've ever had, but still...I totally enjoyed the night, and we stayed for 3.5 hours from start to finish lingering over dessert and listening to the piano player.
What's there to say that hasn't already been said here? The service is fabulous.. the server chats with you about what you like.. they CUT to order.. so u can ask for a big /thin piece (why?) or a thick/smaller piece (yeaaah!) Personally i like the fattier cuts, the rib CAP, which most rib eyes have a tiny piece of.. here the server ordered something like rib eye with something hanging or another.. anyhow point is, a big piece of rib cap was attached. that is BY FAR the best piece of meat on a cow for me. Medium rare++ for fat integration Sommelier came over and my companion ordered a bottle.  lovely, not overly expensive.  BUT if you did want to, they have a mega deep wine list.. that is one impressive tome.   When you're done your meal, u're not done. You can go upstairs to the 'dessert' area.. private, romantic, perfect place to have some chocolate and port.. damn what an experience.. would love to get to tampa some time soon!
You can't beat Bern's! Fantastic food and a wonderful experience. Honestly, for all the food that you get it's really not as expensive as you may think! Soup, baked potato, and vegetables were included with the price of our steak. Better than going to Flemings or Capitol Grille where everything is ala carte.
Definitely Great food and probably the best Wine list one will ever see in a steakhouse!  Wish there were a few more sides to choose from but it may have been my fault that I didn't explore enough... However, what makes Bern's more unique than any other place I have dined is their unbelievable dessert room... More so than anything else is the feeling you have when you are seated in this secluded catacomb like room.  And the desserts are not only unique ( some of them have literally been created by them i.e. their own special Macadamia Nut Ice Cream Sundae) but the choices are vast and second to none.  Overall a great experience!
Bern's is something you just have to experience at least once. You'll likely love it, but you might hate it - I didn't but I suppose anything is possible. And don't rule it out because you don't eat steak. I've taken 2 vegetarians here and they both LOVED IT! It looks like nothing special from the outside, but when you walk it - it looks like the Haunted Mansion! Some people might think its gaudy, but I thought it was cool. Anyway - you'll need reservations so make sure you call ahead because this place has been busy every time I've been here. They have an EXTENSIVE wine list. It's a huge book. You can probably find whatever you want on there. I always do. I love their food. We usually start with the House Potato Chips. They're served with a yummy dipping sauce that has a fancy name but tastes like black pepper cream something or other. :) I've had the Balsamic-Glazed Heirloom Tomatoes salad before and it's ok, but really you get so much food anyway that its not worth subbing the salad you get with this one. The house salads have a large variety of yummy salad dressing options. I usually get more than on (all on the side) so I don't have to pick just one. The french onion soup that's included in the meal is good, my fiance loves the Lobster Bisque, but I don't eat seafood so you'll have to take his word on it. I always get the filet - either the smallest or next to the smallest one available. Get your potato twice baked - its fantastic - and HUGE. Love it. Get the Steakhouse Mushrooms. They are TO DIE FOR. The white truffle macaroni and cheese is the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had. FANTASTIC. I'm not kidding you. Must have. You'll likely not finish all your food anyway, but save room for dessert because there is a dessert room upstairs where you your own little room-ish area with your own music selector thing and a BOOK yes BOOK of desserts to choose from. The Macadamia Nut Ice Cream is fantastic, really. There is a separate dessery wine/spirit list also - the Moscato d'Asti was fabulous. Make sure you get a kitchen and wine cellar tour after dinner, before dessert. It's a fun experience. If you haven't been to Bern's - go! (Save it for a special occasion though because it's pricey!!)
Amazing dessert menu as well as a great variety of wines. The dessert room is its own experience. The ambiance and setting is really pretty and romantic. You pretty much get your own secluded room with a selection of types of music you want to set for yourself, such as jazz, classical, or musicals. Pretty awesome! Oh, all there desserts are made in house! So it comes to your table freshly made! =) The all time favorite macadamia nut sundae is a definitely must have. It is their signature dessert. The macadamia ice cream is very flavorful with a mix of macadamia nut and chocolate. They also top it off with macadamia nuts and their house made chocolate sauce. The waffle cone/cup is made there too and it was made to perfection. Complimented the ice cream well. The peanut butter truffle is rich with flavors. If you are a big peanut butter fan, I definitely recommend this to you. I felt that the peanut butter was a bit overwhelming for me. I would have rather had a thin peanut butter layering and a thicker chocolate layering. The oreo cookie crust puts it together quite nicely. The dulce de leche was devine! It was warm, rich, moist and decadent! I loved it! It just melted in your mouth so nicely!!  If you are a chocolate lover, I definitely recommend this to you. It also comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream which compliments it well. =) The tiramisu was really good. One of the best I've had. It was fluffy and moist! You can definitely taste the coffee and liqueur. If you are a tiramisu lover, you better order this dessert. Those were some of the desserts I had the pleasure of trying with a huge group of friends. I would order the whole menu if I could. I am definitely coming back to try more desserts and as well as getting the dining experience.
Great place to eat. Dress well as it is a high end establishment and you are waited on with amazing service. The food is great and the wine selection is second to none.
Delicious steak, excellent service, awesome atmosphere!! I can't wait to make a trip back just to visit again. If you can, get Michael to give you a wine cellar tour! He's awesome.
This is obviously a nice restaurant with antiquated decor. Older people love it though and it seems like older people are the main patrons.  It is kind of gaudy and not my style but I like it for a steakhouse and it is line with the whole Bern's image. Waiters and waitresses are are great, and are definitely what all waiters should aspire to be like. I agree with the naysayers that the steak does not have a lot of flavor. Great texture but low on flavor. I'd trade texture for flavor. The french onion soup is delicious and rich and the salad was blah, but I hate filling up before my main course. I have to agree with other Yelpers that the wine cellar tour and the dessert room blew me away and definitely stick out in my mind. Their collection of wines is amazing and I really loved it. I think it's a must see, even for people not really into wine, it's still interesting and fun. The dessert room is also really cool and cozy. I ordered a few different desserts and they were all great. I also think this is a must-do even if you're too full for dessert, at least order coffee or split a dessert.
One word, ChateauBriand! That basically sums it up. A world renown restaraunt and for several good reasons. Bern's Steak House sits in the Hyde Park region of tampa. Great location, but even better is their steaks as it is one of the best I have ever had. The building from the outside is white and not very appealing but do not keep driving. If you have some serious cash to burn through I would go to Bern's. The service is excellent and so is the old time decorations inside. I recommend the wine cellar tour inside the restaraunt. They also have a warehouse in another building across the street that contains the largest wine selection in the USA worth over $100 million USD i believe. Even if you decide you dont want to dinner I recommend their desert room!! They have it all!! and it is a really awesome design isnide every group has its own "gazibo," so there are no people around you.
This is really a great dining experience in my opinion. I was in Tampa for some preseason baseball and got to eat at Bern's on a Saturday night. We had a 9:00 pm reservation and upon arrival the place was packed. We had to wait twenty minutes to be seated and got some very reasonably priced drinks with generous pours at the bar. We were seated in an interesting dining room with red velvet walls and busts of Frenchmen from Napoleon's time adorning the walls. The decor here is unique to say the least. As other reviews note, the wine list is ridiculously long however an abridged version is provided as well. Our waiter Ehron (sp?) was able to provide some simple recommendations for us. The menu is also very long but I knew I was here for some steak. Steaks are priced on par with top steak houses, but what sets Bern's apart is that it is not a la carte. With your steak/entree you get a french onion soup, a generous side salad made with vegetables grown at Bern's own farm situated some 15 miles away from the restaurant, and sides of onion straws, red cabbage and a baked potato with your entree. Substitutions however, are not allowed at no cost. The french onion soup at first taste was a little too mild for me but upon finishing my small bowl of it, I realized I really enjoyed it. It was very well balanced. My only complaint is that I wish I were give a bigger bowl. The side salad was very good too with leafy greens, fresh carrots, celery, cucumber, tomatoes, and a hard boiled egg. The blue cheese dressing I requested was really very good. For my entree I got a 12 oz fillet mignon with oscar sauce (hollandaise asparagus, and crab meat.) The steak was massive, and cooked to my liking. The onion straws were the stand out for me among the side items. The cabbage and baked potato while not as memorable as the onion straws, held their own. Other diners seemed equally pleased with their entrees (steak and chicken) We made a reservation when sitting down for the dessert room. After dinner we took a tour of the kitchen (cool) and the wine cellar (very cool, both literally and figuratively) then were brought up to out private table in the dessert room. There, we met our sever who was very friendly and patient. He recommended some good dessert spirits for us. I ended up having a sample of 4 different Taylor Fladgate ports, that were delicious. For dessert I had peanut butter mousse circled in an Oreo crust. It was amazing. The peanut butter flavor was great. It was the most memorable dessert I have had in a while. The chocolate layer cake was also really delicious. I heard the macadamia nut ice cream was great too, but I was too busy enjoying my peanut butter mousse to notice. Service here was top notch. Both our waiter in the dining room and dessert rooms were friendly, patient, and knowledgeable. They each told us how it takes 2 years of training to become a waiter at Bern's, (including time working on their farm), and it shows. Overall this was a first rate dining experience that took about 4 fun filled hours and I hope to come back in the near future.
This place is incredible.  The servers all go through a 2 year training so they are super attentive and professional.   Entrees come with soup, salad, baked potato and fried onions.  You definitely get what you pay for.  I've had the pleasure of eating the goat cheese raviolis as well as the grilled scallops and both dishes were perfect.  My dinner companions had the fresh catch and steak tips and were also very pleased.   Make sure to go to the upstairs restaurant for desert or coffee, and if you are too full you should just go take a peak anyway, the tables are all hidden away in little cubbies and you can control your own music volume and station (which includes a live piano player).   You must get the tour when you go here.  The wine cellar is ridiculous!  I think the most expensive bottle of wine runs somewhere around 30K.. what!? The decor is very dark and den-like... Imagine a king's man cave...
great steaks - and the most amazing wine list you will ever see.  We had a bottle of a CA cab from the 1980's - and it was rockin'.  Best thing - wine prices were very reasonable.  And you cannot miss the dessert area and wine cellar tour!
DESERT ROOM ONLY RECOMMENDATION We went to the desert room post a mediocre meal at another restaurant.  When you first walk in you feel like you in the Haunted Mansion at Disney.  Semi-creepy but soon, like a prison rape, you just learn to accept it. So you are given a small and intimate room for your desert experience.  It would fit around 8 people comfortably.  You can control your own music and request songs from the person playing the piano live.  Kind of awesome. Deserts were incredible.  My wife had the banana pie with a side of the hazelnut ice creme, I had a cappuccino which was definitely unique and contained booze which is always good.  Our one friends got the s'mores and did not care for it much.  I thought it was good though.  Another couple friend got another desert which escapes me but they loved it.   Anyways whether you are going there with a significant other or are trying to close on a young male or lass... it won't disappoint.
I've been once, and I was not impressed. This may be because of what I ordered--I don't eat red meat. On the other hand, all three people in my party had similar sentiments. The salad with cabernet dressing was blah. The tuna au poivre was unremarkable, and the pommes frites were average at best. Then we went to the dessert room, where we were underwhelmed with our desserts and our espresso. This isn't to say the meal wasn't good; it was. But at a restaurant that claims to be the best in Tampa, with prices to match, good is not good enough. Maggiano's is good, and I would have preferred a meal there. We all love Sideberns though.
It's an experience. The food is delicious, hit the dessert room but the whole thing beginning to become a novelty.
Clearly Bern's is a popular and consistently good restaurant with some great qualities so I'll cover the 3s, then the 5s, that make Bern's a 4 for me.  (YMMV) Bern's the 3 star restaurant- Reservation system-clunkiest online system ever.  Fill out the form for desired date and time and they e-mail you back usually within 24 hours (48 for us).  We'd much prefer a calendar with open dates/times available to see, bet you would too. Ambience- incredibly dated decor that is fun as kitsch but not as seriously luxurious. As a former server who knows what these places look like when the lights are turned up I wonder about the cleanliness of a dining room that hasn't been seriously updated since Jimmy Carter was president.   Valet parking-$5 plus tip.  Ok, but free plus tip is the going rate in Tampa. Local sourcing-The salad is ok but nothing to wax poetic about.  The servers talk about Bern's organic but this newspaper article from 2012 contradicts that.  If "organic and local" seal the deal for you go somewhere else tampabay.com/features/fo… Sides-the french onion soup is mostly cheese.  As a cheese lover this is not off-putting to me, but for real soup with a better balance of onion, broth, cheese and bread, sadly I prefer Panera. Dessert room-kind of fun, again in a kitschy way with individual rooms for varying sizes of parties.  However, though extensive the dessert menu is not particularly innovative or elevated above what you can make relatively easily at home with some basic baking background, a few specialty tools and an internet connection.   Bern's the 5 star restaurant- Steak-the best you'll get in Florida (yes the whole state) and it is a relative bargain compared to others in the same segment because it's not a la carte.  We had Chateau Briand for two, done exactly as we like (rare and very rare) and the tab was $127 including a cocktail and a 750ml bottle of rye ale. Sides-baked potato sans foil (if you care, you know what I mean) and the daily side was a nicely flavored ratatouille in generous portion. Beverage service-  Known for wine, and they have an unparalleled selection.  We went a different direction and enjoyed our drinks so much we sought to duplicate them at home.  His rye ale is not available yet in local off sale stores and it was the first day Bern's offered it.  My Aviation is a pre-prohibition cocktail using creme de violette, which is not easily found at your local liquor store but we found it at Total Wine in St. Pete.  Both are new favorites for us and priced below what you'd expect at casual chain restaurants. Service-well timed and unobtrusive.  I find service in Tampa restaurants to be generally less competent than in other cities but Bern's stands out as an exception.   As I said at the beginning, overall a 4, but not a smooth 4 experience.  If your expectations are low it's a 3 that rises to 5 at times, or if you expect a 5 you'll find it sinks to 3 in some areas.  We'd go again.
Coming from Los Angeles and Las Vegas I'm used to paying in the $35 and up range for an a la carte steak.  I couldn't belive how cheap Bern's prices were and for the same quality cuts, and with exact specifications, i.e. how thick, how many ounces.  You get a variety of sides included with the steak price, yay! My chateaubriand was cooked beyond medium rare, more like med well and I wasn't going to send it back b/c I didn't want to complain.  But, the server was the nicest lady and insisted on sending it back if I wasn't 100% happy.  I'm so glad I did.  Steak came back perfect! The server took us on a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar as well as the dessert room and I ended the night by giving her a hug for being so amazing. My friend and I were too stuffed to eat dessert so we came back the next day after dinner just for dessert. So glad we did.  Such an interesting experience sitting in the piano room. Bern's is a little strange and outdated, I would def. come back b/c it's just one of those kooky places that wins over your heart by how kitschy it is!
Go for the experience, you won't be disappointed...
Bern's is an amazing family-owned institution. It rawks hard. This is a steakhouse that has a 'vertically integrated supply channel that obviates the need to extend beyond its internal sourcing base' - to use a bit of Microsoft(TM)'s lexicon. Everything from the bread to the vegetables to the serving platters is grown/produced/baked IN-HOUSE by descendents of the founder, Bern Laxler. The wine list is a tome that has many unusual and rare vintages. The restaurant even has a separate 'dessert room' that one can retire to IF you still have the fortitude to waddle up the staircase after your steak. On my last visit to Bern's, I had a perfectly made French Onion soup (served with spelt bread and garlic toast) with a glass of vintage Grand Cru Bourdeux. That was followed by a Caesar Salad prepared tableside. After that I had a small Chateaubriand with bearnaise - served AS ORDERED, medium rare. The sides included a delicious tomato confit, baked potato, onion rings, a tasty baked carrot dish, and crispy mushrooms O'brien. All coupled with great wines by the glass that I would not ordinarily find on wine lists in our great land. This was a PERFECT meal. Vegans note: Bern's does have a couple of vegetable-only dishes on its menu. You might be able to survive a visit to Bern's if you can ignore the beef orgy surrounding you. You've been warned. After dinner, I heaved my saggy ass up to the dessert room (actually known as the "Harry Waugh Room") for three scoops of macademia nut ice cream with Valrhona chocolate sauce. Glad I did - great stuff The service was excellent throughout the restaurant. Five stars ++. Excellent date bait restaurant. Extremely high yang factor (red flocked wallpaper in the bar reminiscent of Gold Rush bordello circa 1880). Surprising reasonable given the quality of food. Very old school - in a good way. One of my favorite restaurants on planet Earth. HIGHLY recommended for livin' large, 'yang-sta style.
Definitely lives up to the hype. Eating at Bern's is truly an experience. Expect to spend around 3 hours there for the full Bern's experience. Getting a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar is a must-do. Their steak is off the chain, and for what you get and how delicious the food is, the price is not bad at all! They also have very affordable wines for how nice of a restaurant it is. Steaks come with a salad, soup, a baked potato, and other sides. After dinner, you MUST go to the dessert room, which is located in a separate room as the dinner dining. Desserts here are AMAZING... I've been here several times and tried many of their desserts and none of them have ever disappointed me. LOVE Bern's!
Great place and  the  food  and  history  . This is  for  sure a must  if you  are  in the  are.  The food  is  amazing Chicken  Bryan  and the  filet my favs . French onion  soup  Crab  bisque amazing  .  Make sure to  go up to  the desert room for Bandannas  foster .
Whenever I manage to make the five hour drive to Tampa, dinner at Bern's is a MUST.  I simply cannot fathom visiting the area without eating here. I'm quite a fan of having champagne with steak, so if you are too, be sure to ask for the splits (Freixenet, I believe) - they are not listed on their (extensive) wine list, but they do have them, and they are around $8, so it's cheaper to get the split than a glass of champagne that's listed. You order your steak by how many ounces and inches thick you want it.  I've never seen another restaurant do this, and I've never had a better steak anywhere else.  Their filet mignon is so tender, the knife is almost superfluous - you could practically cut it with your fork.  The side of bernaise is enough for two to share.  The carrots that accompany the meal are simply amazing.  The entree comes with a small serving of french onion soup and a wonderful salad that is fresh from the restaurant's own organic garden.  So the prices may be a bit high, but they come with a good amount of food and you definitely get your money's worth in quality. Even if you're stuffed after your meal, save room for dessert.  The dessert room upstairs is an experience in and of itself.  You have to make a reservation for it when you sit down to eat.  The cookie dough souffle is just to die for - it takes a while to make, but the wait is worth it. You also have the option of taking a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar after your meal and before your trip up to the dessert room.  This tour is really neat, and you can see how spotless that kitchen is.  The wine cellar is freezing, and quite a sight to behold. The waiters here are some of the best I've ever had.  And it's no wonder - they have to train for YEARS to get to where they are.  This restaurant has amazing food and service down to a science.
Excellent professional service, wonderful atmosphere, the sides were great but the steak was a little over cooked. Asked for medium and it came more well done. This was, of course, disappointing. The wine cellar is impressive and the dessert room is worth the trip alone. We may come back for the dessert experience but there may be other steak houses worth  checking out.
This restaurant is the standard in fine dining at a steak house. Any entree' will please you, so bring your appetite. We don't drink, so I can't comment on the wine warehouse. After being stuffed with the best steak that I have ever eaten, dessert was an even greater experience. I highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion where you need to impress or remember.
Bern's is one of Tampa's most unique restaurants. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in it feels like you are in a rich uncle's castle. The walls are decorated with lavish paintings and the floor is covered in plush red carpeting. Most dining rooms only contain five to ten tables; creating a romantic and intimate setting. The waiters can answer any question about the menu and are super attentive.   All of the steaks come with a complimentary cup of french onion soup, house salad, a baked potato and vegetable side dish. Depending on which steak you order your meal will run between $32 to $245. (The $245 steak is 60 ounces so bring your appetite!) *No substitutions are allowed, but you can order items a-la-carte at an additional cost.  I would be careful not to order too many appetizers and a-la-carte items with your meal or you won't have room for dessert. After dinner enjoy a tour of the restaurant's kitchen and massive wine cellar. The wine cellar will impress wine aficionados and connoisseurs. Do not skip the Harry Waugh Dessert Room upstairs! The private, intimate booths are the perfect romantic spot to enjoy dessert and coffee or an after dinner drink. Everyone must experience Berns at least once! TIP: If a steak dinner at Bern's isn't in your budget sit at the bar instead and order Tampa's best burger in town!
I first heard about Bern's probably five years ago. I finally was able to experience everything that's been hyped up about this place. You arrive at Bern's and from the outside you might ask yourself, is this it? The building that houses this wonderful steakhouse is rather plain. Once you get inside that all changes as it appears you're entering a haunted house from the ambiance. Don't fear as you have a wonderful meal ahead of you! As we were a rather large group (20+), we had a smaller choice of menu items to choose from.  While we didn't have the full menu to choose from that might have been a good idea as everything sounded so good from looking at the menu so deciding would have been difficult. As we were part of a group we had personalized menus with our group name. A nice personalized touch is always a good thing. After perusing our menu, I opted for the following items: - Florida Jumbo Shrimp Scampi - Maine Lobster Bisque - Caesar Salad - Filet Mignon w/Bern's Farm Vegetable Tasting and Baked Potato The jumbo shrimp scampi was tasty and the tropical fruit salsa was a perfect mix with the shrimp. The Maine Lobster Bisque was so decadent! Let's just say if you're watching the calories this is probably not the dish for you. Initially this wasn't on our printed menu, but after consultation with the wait staff it was decided the menus we received should have included it. Thank goodness as it was well worth it! Caesar salad sounds quite boring until you see that your Caesar dressing is prepared table side. This is probably the first restaurant I've been to that prepares the salad dressing at your table. My filet was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Well after dinner it was time to walk it off with a tour! Bern's offers tours of their kitchen and their massive wine cellar. It really tells you something when a restaurant offers kitchen tours to their patrons. It was pretty neat to see the restaurant behind the scenes including them carving out the pieces of beef to order. The wine cellar was massive. What meal would be complete without dessert. The kitchen tour leads you to the dessert room which is located upstairs. The dessert room tables are quite small. There were 3 dessert options: Banana Cheese Pie The Classic.  A banana-cream cheese mousse in an almond praline crust with sliced fresh bananas, whipped cream and banana coulis.   Macadamia Nut Ice Cream The very best ice cream ever made.  Bern's own recipe of blending buttered, roasted macadamias into our homemade signature ice cream.  Three scoops, served with warm Valrhona chocolate sauce. Chocolate Layer Cake Jones Layers of chocolate cake and milk chocolate mousse studded with milk chocolate chips, frosted with chocolate buttercream. As you can see it was a tough decision as to what to order. Since there were four of us at our dessert table we ordered 1 of each of the desserts to share plus an additional serving of the Macademia Nut Ice Cream. The desserts were truly delicious and well worth a trip on their own. So yes Bern's a winner in both the food and service department which was excellent. Some tidbits about Bern's... - They have their own garden where they grow the produce they use. - To become a server at Bern's it's quite an intense process as you need to be proficient in all areas of the restaurant both in the kitchen and as part of the dining support staff. From what we were told it's a a minimum two year process. This is definitely a winner if you're in the Tampa area.
Ate here last night and it was as great as always I enjoyed the steak but really came for the wine. Where can you get a bottle of Chilean Wine from 1980's for less than $50. Amazing experience. took a tour with my guests who had never been before. Impeccable service and great ambiance. Will always bring guests back.
Bern's is an interesting place, but not necessarily in a good way. It looks like an abandoned hub cap store from the outside. On the inside, there are several garishly decorated rooms for dining. The meal starts off with a very good onion soup and a run of the mill house salad.  I ordered a rib eye which was good, but again, not much better than average. The veggies that came with the meal had about a pound of butter on them. Interestingly, there is a 60 ounce steak on the menu that serves six at a price of $240. The meal was followed by a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. As I can imagine with any kitchen, the staff was not happy to see us and stared daggers at us any chance they got to look up. Again, I don't think this is unique to Bern's, it's just not a good idea to bring customers into the kitchen. I also got the impression that the whole tour was just a hustle to get us to go upstairs to desert room where the tour ends. You are quickly ushered to your own personal cubicle before you have a chance to say no. This was the only restaurant I got had the opportunity to go to in Tampa, so I'm not sure if people are giving this place high ratings by comparison or on its own merit.
I'm usually not a huge fan of steakhouses, but I love Bern's.  My favorite part is the fact that you don't have to order everything a la carte.  A steak comes with potato, soup and salad.   A well kept secret is that you can go to the bar and order a steak sandwich.  It is phenomenal.   The dessert room is also a nice touch.  You have to try the hot apple pie with cinnamon ice cream Steakhouses rarely live up to the hype, but Bern's has great food and a great experience!
Bern's is really good.  The atmosphere is very romantic.  Menu is large.  Wine selection is great.  Dessert room is great.  I don't eat meat so I like the large menu.
Where to start? I dined here some years ago when the Superbowl was in Tampa. It was a scene to be seen. There were various reporters, ball players, coaches, etc...all dining in such a who's who environment. The food was excellent. Upon returning to visit my father in Tampa, I decided to make a reservation for my fiance and I (he had never dined at Bern's). My fiance is from Russia and I am from New York so we both have experienced the best cuisines from around the world and my fiance is EXTREMELY hard to impress. Let me just tell you that he ranted and raved about this restaurant for MONTHS to his Russian friends. In which he assured them that they MUST travel all the way from South Beach to Tampa JUST to dine at Bern's. So to start off, the waiter was from Turkey. My fiance did a lot of business in Turkey so they hit it off right away. The waiter was so attentive and helpful as we were not sure what to get. You can't just say "I want a filet mignon medium". That just doesn't cut it at Bern's. One must choose every detail as to even decide how thick you want the filet! I never saw anything like this! They have a huge selection of Caviar! My Russian darling was extremely thrilled. As in America, he has NEVER seen such an assortment of Caviar on the menu from all around the world. The food was just excellent. The salad is grown locally at their farm a few miles away and it is extremely fresh. Not even getting to the best part of Bern's which is... Drum roll THE WINE CELLAR. The wine menu almost made me go blind from reading so much. We took a tour after dinner and it was so extensive. The biggest wine cellar I've ever seen in my life. Our waiter told us that the owner chose wine for the Queen! There are extremely pricy bottles in there that can cost more than the average person's house in America. They then took us to see the kitchen. My fiance said that the floor was so clean he couldn't imagine that they actually cook the food here because there was no grease on the floor. For a restaurant that's been open as along as Bern's, to keep a floor so immaculate, is almost impossible! I don't know how they managed to do it. After dinner, we proceeded to the dessert room which should get a review in it's own! It's very 1920's. You sit in your own little closed off booth and can choose different music to listen to. We chose jazz and my fiance ordered a armeniac from the year that he was born. He stated that it was very reasonably priced and the armeniac itself was aged to perfection. The dessert was of course extraordinary (I mean what else would you expect when you have a room specifically for dessert). Quite some time ago, the men would go to smoke cigars after dinner and the women would have dessert and gossip. They sort of held this true to this today. You don't have dessert at the table, you go to a specific room to have it. This restaurant is truly an experience. You must reserve 3 hours to dine here if you want the full experience. Make sure you make a reservation weeks in advance (months if it is a special event coming to the area) and come with $$$$$. This restaurant is extremely pricy but it is worth every penny.
This place is great as reviewed by Gourmet G, but the prices are pretty steep and unless you can afford it - dinner is probably only for special occasions.  Atmosphere is eclectic? Victorian, whorehousy lol.  The cool thing is they take you on a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar and it all rolls up into quite an experience. I looooooooooved the Chateaubriand Steak, but be sure to bring your appetite because you get a ton of things with your dinner.  If you can manage, be sure to save your stomach for the dessert upstairs.  Here you get placed at a table/room that almost resembles a wine barrel.  Its tons of privacy and there is a "radio" to play with and a huge dessert, coffee, after dinner drink list. mmm... goooooood.
This is by far the best value for your money. I have tried nearly every restaurant in the greater Tampa Bay area for steak and hands down pound for pound, dollar for dollar; Bern's is the best steak and experience you can have for Steak in Tampa Bay!
I had the pleasure of eating at Bern's again when I took my GF up to the Tampa Bay area for her birthday in April.  The experience, as always, was stellar, and the entire three-hour plus experience was marvelous. A few added bonuses this time around: - Finally had the Caesar salad made table side - When we went for the tour (and how could you not?!?), we were taken by one of the sommeliers, which provided an incredibly cool perspective when we got into the in-house cellar (which is really my favorite part anyway) - We ordered the table-side bananas Foster, which makes for an incredibly romantic way to end a wonderful evening.
Bern's is the most well-known restaurant in all of Tampa Bay.  Their steaks are very good, although somewhat overrated, in my opinion.  It's not quite as good as some of the steaks I've had in Chicago (The Chop House), but it's close.  I like how their food is not over-embellished with butter and salt (see Ruth's Chris) and the service is what you'd expect from such a restaurant.  I recommend either the filet or the ribeye.   The dessert room is probably the coolest part for me, as you're taken upstairs to a room where you can order drinks, desserts, and listen to the radio while you enjoy your dessert.   Expect to pay on average of $70-100 per person.
Steaks of my wife and friends were perfect.  My salmon was really good.  Great wine list.  Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate was a great dessert!  The dessert room is a wonderful place to end a fun evening of great food service and fun!
I wish I had some inspiration to add, the yelpers have said it all. I can say that if you love filet, your kind of waisting the talent here. They do have some nice sauces that help, but really this place is for REAL steak lovers. If you want it more than medium rare, go to Outback!    If you love steak cooked right and aged, this is the premier spot in the United States.   Dessert up stairs is novel and fun though some interpretations of classics fall short.
There are two places in the world where you must have a steak before you die. One, Los Angeles's legendary Dan Tana's.  The other?  Bern's. This otherwordly palace of palate pleasing offers (or did, last time I was there) an extensive kitchen tour that immediately shows you just how dedicated they are to providing the best food in town.  And the wine cellar?  Tremendous.  If they don't have it, nobody ever put it in a bottle. Be sure to linger after dinner in the upstairs dessert rooms.
This place provides exceptional service. The wine we had pre ordered was impeccable.  We really enjoyed the caviar and the crab cakes. The Chateaubriand was a little bland.
Berns. Steak. House. The Lugar of South Florida. I hear everyone telling me this is one of the best steak houses in America.  Well its not...not really even close...but it is still cool as shit. Here are the cool things: This place has no windows. I drank a bottle of wine from 1983. Everyone around me looked way more baller than me and I was the youngest person in there. The menu was really unique and the have like 500 temps you can cook the meat to. Bad things: $110 a head, when we really didnt even try to spend money. It has no windows. It has drop ceilings... Ive gotten better salads a mcdonalds. The wine tour isnt nearly as cool as it could be. Bottom line is that this is definitely a place to go to.  Definitely felt like it had a lot of history...which I really like about the place.  In the end the steak wasnt that great and they rely on their reputation to keep you thinking its good.
Excellent!  And the dessert room is to die for
This place cannot be compared to any other steakhouse in the world. The staff are amazing, the food outstanding and they can boast the world's largest private wine collection - this makes me smile! Houston and Rolland are fabulous servers, Brad is a master mind at helping you select wine and be sure to have the cappuccino berns and tour the kitchen and wine cellar! This place will not disappoint and its not over priced!
Bern's is, without a doubt, the best restaurant I have ever, and will ever visit. The food is exceptionally prepared and the staff is incredibly knowledgeable about anything and everything that is wine, steak, etc. I can't speak for the seafood, but I've heard only good things. I have only ordered the chateaubriand. While Bern's is expensive, it is actually very reasonable for what you're getting. It is not a traditional a la carte as the steaks all come with salad, soup, and a baked potato--all of which are exceptional. Wine selection is mind boggling. Great spirit and beer selection too. Then there is the dessert room, the most unique and delicious part of the whole experience...if you have any room left. It's worth its own trip! Ask for the tour.
I would give this place five stars "plus infinity" if Yelp allowed extra credit stars!!! As a FYI, this review is for my beloved Chicagoans (sorry Big Ten people from Michigan/Ohio/Iowa/etc, you are not a "Chicagoan;" you are a visitor living in our city until you live here ten years.  Don't take it personal).  Anything i write will probably not be new to Tampa yelpers, so Tampa yelpers may not want to waste time reading my review. Back to the review.  BERN"S STEAKHOUSE, HANDS DOWN, ARE THE BEST STEAKS i have ever had (initially, i had a hard time admitting this because i'm a chicagoan born and raised so i have a lot of pride in our steakhouses).  I'm a consultant, and I travel 18 to 24 weeks out of the year, all over the country (which = lots of lunches/dinners at many different restaurants in our nation).  Luckily, i can order whatever i want 'cause I'm not paying for it!!!   For a description of the menu/steaks/wines/desserts/etc, please read one of the many reviews from other Yelpers; i won't restate. I'm rambling, back to the review again.  Something i feel is important is that Bern's greatness is CONSISTENT; I have been there about five or six times and every time it is like the first (so this place is really an anomaly for me).  I look forward to my trips to Tampa Bay so i can visit Bern's (in 2009 i will go twice during each Tampa visit and start trying more things on the menu).    I wll say that everything on the menu is a cut above.  I usually get the scallop appetizer (best i've ever had) and the chateaubriand 14 oz fillet.  I could go on and on and on about this place; a few points i will say: 1) You can buy wine that was bottled in the 18th century (i would never do it, but for you big spenders out there that are wine lovers please visit this place) 2) The waitstaff is great; in fact, they have to go through a 1 or 2 year training program just to become a Bern's waiter/waitress.  The same waitstaff is always there 'cause i would imagine the pay is pretty good compared to other restaurants. 3)  Make a reservation.  You can usually get in with one day notice, but if you show up unannounced you will likely wait a long time. 4)  Check out the dessert room after dinner; it really has something for everyone, be it drinks (wine, port, coffees, etc) or dessert. 5)  Some may think the restaurant is pricey, but the prices are comparable to Gibsons/Chop House/etc.  Spend the money.  It is worth it. I also would like to add that i have introduced approximately 10 people (work, family, friends) to this restaurant.  Every single one of them couldn't believe how great their meal was; and also couldn't believe that such a steakhouse gem was located in Tampa Bay.   I even made sure to take my father to Bern's during the White Sox/Rays playoff series in October (if you are a Cubs fan, drop your bias for a minute and heed this review!!!).  My pop is an old school South Sider w/a lot of Chicago pride, so he was slightly skeptical about my ravings that "at the end of dinner you are going to think this place is better than any Chicago steakhouse."  After our dinner i got "Nick, that was the best porterhouse i've ever had; this dinner is the highlight of our trip.  I can die happy."  He was so glad i took him that he even sprung for dinner (i had told him before dinner that i was buying).
What dreams are made of. Chateaubriand-flawless, lobster bisque-addictive, potato- delicious, Decoration very cool, Service from "Bill Compton" the best ever. Wine just divine. Dessert Chocolate Cheese Pie boom the bomb.
My review is solely for the dessert room at Berns.  I have been a couple of times, the most recent for a friends birthday celebration.  They do not take reservations for the dessert room, so it's good to go on a low key night and also be prepared to wait for a little bit depending on the size of your party.  Our group of 11 was accommodated after about 15-20 minutes of waiting. The dessert room is almost always an experience in itself.  Your party is seated in old wine barrels that have been converted into private booths.  Each booth also has a selection of music that you can choose on your own.  Perusing the menu and making a choice will, however, take some time so be prepared to bring your patience.  Our server, April, was quite knowledgeable about the menu and even when we had questions regarding wine.  If there was something we didn't know, she was sure to find out for us. All 11 of us ordered something unique and none of us were disappointed in our selections.  I had the Peppermint Brownie, which was off the seasonal menu and only available for a limited time.  It was magnificent and rich.  I wouldn't expect anything less from a place of this magnitudes.  Our overall experience while in the dessert room was great. Be prepared to pay $5 for the valet as it is not complimentary for guests.  There was a lot of confusion going on at the valet as there didn't seem to be any order in a chaotic situation.  They were a bit slow as well so it did leave guests commiserating in front of the restaurant that such a great experience was ending!
If you want the best and not worried about saving pennies...Bern's is it. It is the best of the best and is ranked in the top 10 steakhouses in the country every year. Their wine collection is one of the best in the country, their wait staff is impeccably trained, they make the caesar dressing for you table-side, their steaks are obviously 2nd to none, the dessert room is amazing and must be experienced and the entire place is drenched in class! From the second you walk in till you drive away, you know you're somewhere special that few will ever experience.
Just so you know I DO NOT give out 5 stars to just anyone but this place earns every one.  I have been a number of times and it always delivers.  The ambience is great, very traditional upscale steak place.  It makes you feel important just being there.  The staff is very attentive, very knowledgable.  The food it great, dessert room is great, wine list is HUGE and I don't even drink wine (fyi...my wife does).  You can take a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar if you have the time.  Even though it is fairly expensive it is well worth the money if you want a great dining experience.  BEST STEAK HOUSE IN TAMPA PERIOD!!!
The is the best restaurant and dining experience I have ever had!  The food and service could not have been more perfect. The wine list and selection is the largest I have ever seem. Take the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, and also go to the dessert room.  I can't wait to go back to Tampa and visit Bern's again. Make a reservation plenty in advance.
Bern's is definitely the best Steakhouse I have ever been to. A close 2nd is the Palm but this isn't about the Palm ;) We have been about 5 times, it's the ultimate place to celebrate anything! It's expensive, but you get what you pay for. The food is top notch, we usually get the Porterhouse and it is always incredible. The Caesar Salad is made tableside is literally the best Caesar Salad I've ever had. They also have amazing French Onion Soup. My husband LOVES their French Onion Soup. Always take the tour! The wine cellar is insane, and they take you back in the kitchen, etc. It's super neat. Afterwards, you have to go to the dessert room upstairs!
Great food, great atmosphere, and great extras like the wine tour, but it loses a star because for all the emphasis on the dress code, they let in a guy with a t-shirt and jeans and his date, who was similarly underdressed and the murmurings were that he was a Bucs player or something, but standards are still standards, whether you are a member of a so-so football team or not.
Bottom line- A must dine, if in the area! While visiting Tampa I was informed that I had to stop at Berns.  I joined a small group after dinner for drinks and dessert.  Wow, this place was beautiful!  The old fashion decore and dim lighting gave it an air of romance and classic elegance. We sat in a private room with its own music and volume control.  The wine list was the largest I had ever seen.  Prices for bottles ranges from around $30-$10,000.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable.   Would love to go back for the full experience!
So I have been to allot of the steak houses in the Bay Area.  I am not impressed about the steak here. First, they give you a salad and soup with every entree. As it is difficult to screw a salad up.. The salad was good... But the French onion soup is just not that appealing.  Although it comes with the meal, you would expect it to not look like a small tin cup with huge slab of cheese.. Then to finally break through and find only a couple of spoonfuls of broth and one crouton. I would of expected more from a nationally know restaurant.  To be honest I can cook a steak on a grill and it would be similar to Berns. We take clients there to eat, because it is a event. They give you a tour of the kitchen, show you a huge cellar of wine and wine collection. Take you to the dessert room... Which I cannot even think of one negative thing to say about the Harry Waugh room.. That would be the only reason I would sit through a dinner there.. Because it's so hard to get a reservation for only dessert in that wonderful room. But other than that... Berns is just an overrated steak house that doesn't make me excited to visit.
I don't think I have the time or the space on yelp for the review... This is a must if you are in Tampa !!! My wife and I spent (4) hr's here. Tell your waiter you want the tour then dessert... This is what we had; Maine Lobster Bisqu...The best! Goat Cheese Raviol CHÂTEAUBRIAN  the 20 oz.   WOW that was the best steak!!!! and a good wine. Then take the tour and go have some very good dessert and coffee... My wife and I were on our honeymoon and I must say this was a wonderful time...
I have eaten at Bern's repeatedly over the years with family, for special occasions and just tagging along.  It is an intentionally elegant looking place, but tries too hard and charges too much for what you get.  All the velvet, gilt and ornate "bordello" decor grows old and a bit tired with repeated exposure to the same menu.  It is nice to have formally dressed servers, and they are definitely professional but that too pales with time. An impressive wine list but we are not big on wines. The meat options are almost intimidating in the varieties of options and encyclopedic descriptions....yes, I know the veggies are organically grown on your own farm, but exactly how do you offer the same veggies at times of the year that scorch or freeze other local crops, requiring import from the Southern Hemisphere or elsewhere? The desserts are unquestionably wonderful, but frankly not worth climbing up stairs and going through an elaborate ritual to order as if getting entrance to a speak-easy.   I have had better steaks/meat elsewhere, equal service and more creativity at several other restaurants, at much more reasonable prices and less snobbery.  I doubt I will pay the price again for faded glory and paling reputation.  This is no longer top of the class.
way overpriced.. parking is horrible. pretentious. food not that great. dessert room was once treasured..  spend 10$ per dessert.. and the strawberries they use are not ripe and have leaves still on them..  this is supposed to be the best and its just lazy things like this that take away from its perfection. the tours are still amazing.. but at 600 covers a night -- it has turned into a factory...
I've been going to Bern's for years and here's the thing about it. It's got that 1950's supper club type feel and that's something you don't find everyday. People rag on the price on the meals but truthfully it's much more budget friendly then "Fleming's" or one of those wannabe steakhouses. For the cost of the steak you get your sides and salad included. I can't imagine that anyone would want to order any additional sides as you get as much veg... soup or salad as you like. The appetizers are FANTASTIC and I can honestly say it's the best steak tar tar I've had anywhere. Honestly even the wine isn't that crazy expensive and I'd suggest getting a few glasses instead of splitting a bottle and that way you can taste multiple samplings. The kitchen tour is a must and will truly blow you away... the Dessert room is also awesome but is pricier then what I consider dinner to be. Yes it can be contrived as a tad pretentious but it's been exactly the way it is now since they opened. I'm a foodie and I've been to Luger's but this place blows them right off the face of the earth.
4 stars for food, 5 stars for the experience.  Berns is something you have to do at least once. Quick tip, reservations are hard to come by at the last minute so you can walk in and dine in the lounge.  They won't tell you this when you call for a reservation. First, the wine list is amazing, they claim to have the largest wine cellar in the world.  Ask for a tour of the wine cellar to see for yourself. The steaks are above average.  Better than most but for a boy from Oklahoma and texas I've had better.  In my opinion, Lugers in brooklyn is better and Alexanders in san francisco is better along with a handful of others from around the country.  I would say that it would be hard to find a better steak in tampa. All meals come with soup, salad, onion straws and baked potato so the price of the meal is not outrageous.  You can easily dine like royalty here for less than $100 for 2.  The vegetables come from berns own in house organic farm. Ask for a tour of the kitchen as well, it is interesting so see the operation behind such a large restaurant. Finally, save room if you can for dessert.  You will move upstairs to the dessert room for after dinner drinks, scotch, port and a vast selection of great desserts.  I had the pecan pie, it was  fantastic! I will definitely dine here again when I'm in tampa...
Oh yeah!  This is more then a dining experience this is an entire culinary evening.  Arrived with a group at 6:15 pm to a dark old world steakhouse decor that was already packed to the gills. Promptly seated we were handed  menus and  a wine list both amongst the most detailed and eclectic I have ever seen. Wine?  Well with a selection that spans the planet and is one million bottles strong it is hard to go wrong.  We had an excellent Pinot Noir from Washington state that did our steaks justice. Don't over order since steak selections---of which there is every cut and type imaginable comes with a well prepared French onion soup, lightly dressed salad and choice of potato. My 15 oz T-Bone was well seasoned and done nicely.   Dessert?  That would  be in the dessert room and aside from a fine dessert wine selections there are cakes, ice creams and flombays to delight any sweet tooth.  I went with the sugar dark chocolate cake with a raspberry sauce--yum! Great decor-service and food.  Nationally known but quietly tucked away in Tampa Bay.  A La Scott says put it on your list but soup to nuts including a kitchen and wine cellar tour--this is a delightful four hour experience and at a very decent price point.  This one gets a strong and solid four stars:)!
Conclusion: The gold standard of American Steak Houses with a name-your-size steak chart paired with the largest wine list in the world (over 500,000 total bottles worth an estimated $100 million). Oh, and a separate Dessert Room which is unrivaled its scope and presentation. Pro Move #1: First time visitors should arrive 15 minutes early and get "the tour" of the kitchen and wine cellar. It will prepare you for what goes into the dining experience you're about to receive. (e.g. those sprouts on your salad are grown in-house; those wine bottles you're walking by - some of from before Lincoln was President). Pro Move #2: Get the Chateaubriand, which is essentially a Filet cooked cross-grain instead of the traditional down-grain. It creates a crisp crust on the steak, and an amazingly-moist center. Pro Move #3: Go to the Dessert Room after your dinner, or even show up without dinner reservations and try to get a spot in the Dessert Room. You won't be disappointed. Full Review: Bern's Steak House is often regarded as one of the best steak houses in the world, and deserves every bit of that distinction. While by all accounts its other menu items are exceptional, this place is all about steak. Rather than a handful of typical steak options, Bern's allows you to choose your exact choice of cut and your exact steak size (every 2oz). And unlike the a la carte Steak Houses that are currently en vogue, Bern's includes with each entree a salad (get the table-side Caesar), soup (French Onion is pure perfection), and side (go with the twice baked potato). And for those reasons, Bern's is actually a much greater value than most people give it credit for. Sure, with the largest and most complete wine list in the world (and equally impressive scotch list), you are free to spend until your heart's content, but Bern's, for the most part, provides exceptional fine dining value. The Bern's wine list is a 182-page book with everything from the cheapest (and, at a place like this, blasphemous) White Zinfandel for a few bucks to the finest Bordeaux worth tens of thousands of dollars a bottle. No wine list in the entire world (yes, including the finest restaurants in France) is of this breadth and scope (over 5000 different labels and 500,000 different bottles). And on top of all that, Bern's has a separate upstairs "Dessert Room", where each room is constructed from the staves of old wine casks. The service in the Dessert Room is just as impeccable as "downstairs", and the dessert list and accompanying port, madeira and dessert wines are exceptional. In conclusion, Bern's Steak House is a true "bucket list" restaurant that has made (and will make) foodies and wine connoisseurs make the pilgrimage to Tampa, Florida time and time again.
My boyfriend and I both had an AWESOME experience at Bern's this week 02-12-14 for an early Valentine's celebration......this was our first visit. We both got the Delmonico; mine was 10oz cooked at a perfect medium rare and his was a 12oz cooked at a perfect medium. We loved everything from the cheese crackers, french onion soup to the steak, loaded baked potato and greens. The salad that came with it was full of extras like red peppers, onion, egg, avocado etc and I chose the creamy white balsamic dressing which was superb. The only thing I did not care for was the carrots which were way too sweet for me. Our server was excellent.......paced everything perfectly and visited us often to pour us wine from the bottle we ordered but was not over bearing. We also visited the dessert room and very much enjoyed our private little booth/mini room for 2 and had a delicious dessert and beverage!  Our service in the dessert room was slow but friendly.
This has been the very best dining experience I have ever had, quite superb. From the ambiance to the service, and the spectacular fare, the entire dining experience was a true treat. It's worth every calorie and cent! Now keep in mind that portions are plentiful, and dinner comes with many delectable sides. We began with the Black Truffle Tenderloin Steak Tartare with house-made potato chips, an order of Foie Gras a la Plancha, and a few cocktails. Thinking about the tartare makes my mouth water. We had the Chateaubriand for three for dinner, which was the best steak I have ever had - which is a bold statement. The beef melted in your mouth and was tender and perfectly seasoned. The service was impeccable, and the decor was as decadent as the food with each room in a different theme. During dinner your server (or attendant as I'd like to call them) schedule your private tour of the kitchen and their extensive, and very impressive, wind cellar. They'll also make your dessert reservation if you so desire to indulge further - which we did. The tour gives you a nice break to digest before you subcome to the sheer bliss of the food you have ingested and that you are about to devour. We moved on to the Harry Waugh Dessert Room and ordered the Taste of Bern's sample-size portions of five fantastic sweets including their King Midis and Banana Cheese Pie. All I can really say is "c'est magnifique" ! I hope you all enjoy as much as I did. I cannot wait to return!
Straight to the Dessert Room! awesome for special intimate occassion! The pianist plays on demand songs. atmosphere is classy and sexy at the same time. The selection of cheese is lush and the waiter can assist you with wine pairings. Try their Butterscotch Bern's drink, its delcious and smooth.
Great wine selection and service but I enjoy Ruth's Chris much more.
Finally! A good piece of seared foie gras after almost a year in USA! Maybe I am searching for foie gras in the wrong places but I havent come across many restaurants that serve pan seared foie gras and do it well! Bern's do it the way i like it! The dinner at Bern's was so good! Service was good, food was delicious, this is absolutely money well spent! We had: Charcoal grilled day boat scallops - 3.5* Foie Gras a la Plancha - 5* Foie Gras Torchon - 3* Maine Lobster bisque - 4* Goat cheese ravioli - 4* Strip Sirloin - 5* Pork Tenderloin - 5* and a few glasses of wine, both white and red and they were so good! We will definitely drop by Bern's whenever we are in Tampa and remember to make reservations way in advance!
We came in for desert and boy did we find the right place.  The flour less chocolate cake with macadamia nut ice cream was exquisite. The apple pie was good. But the best part was the cappuccino... Hands down best one I've ever had. And the ambiance was really cool!
Like most Texans, I love me a good steak. Sadly, I did not have a good one at Bern's. Came to Tampa for a business trip and this place was suggested by the client as a local favorite. Yay for client-chargeable dinners! Like Marc M. mentioned, this place was packed for a Tuesday night - mostly with retired folks or businessmen, all at least twice my age. Each entrée is served with a soup, salad, and two vegetables of the day. The French onion soup was flavorful (four types of cheese on top) and the garlic crackers complemented it well. The cheese crackers were not good, tasted like cardboard. The Caesar salad was decent, prepared fresh at the table. The shredded carrots had a bit too much vinegar and the green beans were average. On the plus side, at least they were organic and locally grown. Onto the steak. The clients I was with recommended we split a 42 oz. Chateaubriand (medium rare) between the five of us, raving about how you could have both a crispy crust and warm center. Explanation being that the meat is broiled with the grain running horizontally (instead of vertically like a filet), meaning it takes longer for the heat to penetrate to the middle. It was definitely cooked well with a nice red center, but it had zero flavor whatsoever. Couldn't taste the charcoal/grill, salt/pepper, or even the garlic butter sauce that was supposedly brushed on. VERY disappointed. The ONLY reason I'm giving Bern's 4 instead of 3 stars is because of their wine collection. At the table, there are two wine menus: (1) a traditional menu with 40-45 various wine selections, and (2) a 50+ page wine book - 60th edition. Bern's has the largest privately owned wine collection, with over 500,000 bottles! Goodness. We took a wine cellar tour after our meal and I was blown away. OMG. Literally, a library with endless rows of wine reaching a 12-14' ceiling. The sommelier told us the wine cellar we toured only held 70,000 bottles and the remaining collection was offsite. Oldest bottle they have is a dessert wine from 1761. Lock me in here with a glass and good book and I could die happy.
The food was amazing! Beautiful restaurant! The tour of the kitchen was very cool -- and the wine... One of my favorite restaurants ever!
It was such a great experience! Their wine collection is AMAZING and the waiter is very knowledgable and makes good recommendations. Make sure you take their wine cellar and kitchen tour after dinner - that's part of what makes this place so special. We didn't order any appetizer because we knew we would want to save some appetite for dessert. The French onion soup was phenomenal, the best I have ever tasted. Salad was generous portioned and dressing was good too. As for the steak - aged steak cooked to perfection. I love that you can select the cut and size (in ounces) because it would be a shame to waste any food made here. :) It comes with some vegetables and a baked potato - which was ver good by itself. The dessert rooms upstairs were very cool - you've gotta check it out. We ordered banana split and vanilla something (a combo, three different vanilla flavored desserts). We were too full in the end to finish everything so we had to prioritize - so to be honest the banana split was better than the vanilla things. So, give it a shot if you ever go there!
This review is long, because I'm writing the review I wish I had read beforehand. Experience: Reservations for 2 at 10pm on a Saturday (fine with my fiancée and me). Be sure to dress nicely like we did (suit and tie, nice dress) because they put people wearing jeans, etc., in a bright, crowded dining hall. We were seated promptly in a small room, and we certainly lucked out because we ended up having it all to ourselves once the other customers left, which was before we got our entrees. After dinner we took the tour. It was impressive, however I have seen a lot of old stuff all over the country and I'm more of a beer guy than a wino, so I could take it or leave it. My fiancée, on the other hand, really enjoyed it. We then went upstairs for cheese and wine, and then finished with dessert. They were closing up for the night as we had dessert, and had almost vanished by the time we left. Service: The service was top notch and the waiter, Victor, was excellent without being snobbish. He joked with us and told us his story when we asked, and was just wonderful. We are well-off but down-to-Earth, so it was great to have a waiter who was the same. The waitress upstairs was fine too, but not as great as Victor. Food: We did our research online and walked in knowing what we wanted (ratings in parentheses): 0. Chimay Grand Reserve (great beer!) + Tres Picos (fiancée said it was great) 1. Duck Confit  (spectacular) 2. Lobster bisque (AMAZING) + French onion soup (pretty good for cheesy broth) + salads with 4 different dressings (from good to awesome) 3. 17oz Chateaubriand medium rare (I have had just as good at normal restaurants for $15) + carrots (mediocre) + green beans (great) + onion rings (good) + baked potato (great) ** I had wanted to get the white truffle macaroni, but was barely able to finish the steak and still needed room for dessert, so abstained to my dismay. 4. Manchego cheese (meh, but I'm not a cheese connoisseur) + American ice wine (really good, and I don't like many wines) 5. Taste of Bern's desert sampler (spectacular) All in all, here's the rundown; You are paying for Bern's the way you pay for Nike shoes... 20% for the product, 80% for the name. I was expecting to pay about $250 going in, and ended up paying exactly that amount (and then another $10 for the valet, but whatever). I have eaten at places like Boizao and Texas de Brazil, as well as Applebee's and Texas Roadhouse... It's all relative, and what makes the biggest difference is how hungry you are when you get there. Other reviews say the prices are reasonable, but I can't abide that when the price of one dinner for two could feed two people healthy food from the grocer for a week. The experience was great, but far too hedonistic, even if indulgence is the intent. As an aside, anyone who spends $30k on a bottle of wine will be judged harshly by whatever divine being exists. Even Dionysus would smack them in the face.
This place can compete with the top restaurants in cities like Chicago or New York. Fun, classy atmosphere. This place can be mobbed. Was taken to dinner here on a Saturday night and it was wall-to-wall. Good place to see and be seen. Nice thing is that it's Florida, so you don't have to dress up unless you want to. Great food and service with personal attention. I didn't see the final bill but looks pretty expensive. Highly recommended if you have deep pockets.
A MUST HAVE in Tampa.  Of all the great restaurants Tampa has to offer, Bern's is by far the best.  I have been there several dozen times and I am always thrilled with everything I ever put in my mouth there!  Even if your not a steak eater, you can find something over the top amazing at this restaurant.  The roasted beet salad is absolutely to die for.  The Okinawan Sweet potato is like a cake for dinner!  Every single cut of meat we have ever ordered, has been the best cut we have ever had.  The onion soup is so perfect and delicious.  The shrimp is always grilled to perfection.  The short rib ravioli appetizer is like you have died and gone to heaven.   The desert room is just over the top from your already fulfilling dinner, but equally  delicious.  Every time we have someone new into town, this is the first place we think of as it always impresses our guests.  Our favorite waiter is Trebor, who is personable, always funny and just makes everything all come together perfectly.   I don't think i want to meet a person who can walk out of this restaurant unhappy, as they must have something wrong with them.
This place deserves all the accolades it receives. Thee best 18 oz. Delmonico I've had bar none. It was definitely closer to 30 oz. perfectly cooked, seasoned and tender as could be. All accompaniments were excellent. We did the kitchen and wine cellar tours and then headed upstairs for the best macadamia nut ice cream ever. Great classic steakhouse atmosphere and service.
I was in the mood to treat myself to a great meal and this was the place that was recommended.  When you first pull up to Bern's it looks like a shady nightclub. It looks a little odd inside but trust me this was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. You are going to spend a few bucks here but it is totally worth it. All their food is home grown on a local farm by their own employees.  As I understand it goes from their farm to your plate. The main part of your meal STEAK was great and cooked to perfection.   Do yourself a favor. Take a tour of the kitchen tour and wine cellar.  Also if you do not make a reservation for the desert you are making a serious mistake. My recommendation is the macadamia sundae. One of the best things I have ever eaten. Great dinner, great desert, great service, great experence.
This is the best Steak house in the WORLD, hands down. Family owned and it's historical. The culinary selection is beyond my comprehension. Amazing team that consists of pros along with a dessert room that's breathtaking. The wine selection is the envy of all sommeliers. If you can't make it there every weekend (it isn't cheap, there's a cost for such perfection), make sure to add this on your bucket list of a lifetime culinary experience.
To be fair, people do not come here for the sides, and therefore won't care very much for my vegetarian perspective. However, I believe the mark of any good restaurant should be present in all foods offered - not just the main or popular choices. That being said, my rating of 2 stars is centered on the food. Everything I ordered was ridiculously salty, as were all of the sides for the table. The creamed corn was inedibly drenched in salt, as was the risotto. I was shocked at the lack of culinary ability with the vegetarian items. In my vegetarian years, I have visited several steakhouses and seafood restaurants and have not had such an experience. My meat-eating companions agreed that the sides were all way over-salted. Service was very good. And after dinner, we had a tour of the wine cellar and then spent the next hour(s) having dessert and drinks upstairs. The vibe of the Dessert Room was more casual and fun. Again, my rating was only for food...and I realize it's not going to make a difference to Bern's overall ratings or to the majority of people who would go to Bern's. However, it may be valuable to those who are interested in the overall ability of the chef.
First, let me say that I love Bern's and the last time I was there, my filet was incredible.  If you love red meat, then you must eat here, and although the decor is a little outlandish (which doesn't bother me) and you definitely need reservations, I don't think the prices are really all that much higher than Outback when you calculate in the quality and quantity of food you receive.  So, while I respect people's desire to reserve the place for special occasions, if I lived closer I would eat here on a regular basis. My recommendation:  The only people I have ever known to hate their meal at Bern's are the people who did not order the red meat.  Stick with their specialty.  The filet is the best lean meat.  If you like fatty pieces of meat, the Delmonico seems to be a hit around my friends.  Get the Cleopatra salad dressing.  Get a younger server.  The old guys are pretentious and surly. Now for some criticism.  I hope management is reading. 1.  What really happened to your onion soup?  You used to make the most extraordinary onion soup anywhere.  I would dream about this onion soup.  The blend of cheeses was magical and probably about a decade ago now you went and changed it to the non-descript version you are serving today.  What were you thinking?  That was a differentiator--  A motivating, compelling reason to drive to your restaurant as steakhouses have exploded everywhere.  I beg you to bring back the real onion soup. 2.  What is the deal with the cheese toast?  Cheese toast is to die for but for me, a person who doesn't drink alcohol, I basically have to put the server in a headlock to get them to bring me cheese toast.  It's not like I am unwilling to pay for an order of cheese toast, but I do not know why I am being discriminated against because I do not drink alcohol and it makes me very angry with you.  It erodes all this good will because you cheat me out of cheese toast by offering me no viable option to purchasing them. In summary, I give the filet 5 stars, the younger servers 4 stars because they are very nice but I have to wrestle them for cheese toast, the salad 5 stars, but 3 stars on the onion soup because it is basically average now, and a 1 for the cheese toast shenanigans, which means I can only give you 3 stars.
I like the steaks and the caesar salad
I have been visiting the Tampa area for over two decades and have always made time for a visit to the Columbia Restaurant.  However, after last night's dinner (and yes, it was a rainy TUESDAY), Bern's will now be my "Must Visit" place in the Bay area. We went to the place WITH reservations on a Tuesday night, when every other place around was not busy or closed, and this place had a wait.  However, they honored the reservation and we were soon whisked off to a room near the back past the kitchen.  We did not take the server up on his offer to tour the kitchen or entire restaurant, but needless to say, just a walk past will make you amazed.   This place operates on volumes of good food.  Most high-end places stay open based on the high-prices.  This place is MODERATELY priced (for all that you get) and they can keep the lower pricing based on the crazy numbers of people who are there every night.  The server told us that weekends are near impossible to get in and holidays are booked months in advance.  Our server said they fed over 1500 people on NYE this year. In any case, let me tell you why I gave this restaurant EXPERIENCE the 5 stars: the food.  EVERYTHING from starters (6 raw oysters), to the soup (french onion) to the salad (standard lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, olives and blue-cheese dressing) to the side dishes (truffled macaroni & cheese) to the STEAKS (chateaubriand 9oz!) were amazing.  Our server was exquisite, able and willing to explain any question and accommodate any request.  We mentioned that the blue-cheese-stuffed olives in the martini were great, he brought more!  We asked about the pour size of a standard glass of port and he came and topped off the glass. Saldy, we did not go upstairs to the dessert room, but I've only heard good things.  There is so much food served (that you do not even order) that I do not see how people can make it the 2nd floor! The best thing is that we were four people, who had two bottles of wine, plus other drinks, four steaks, etc and the tab was $380.  The prices are kept low by the volume.  Plus they give you so much "extra" food that you do not need to order five $10 sides with your entrees. Of all of the places I get to sample on business (and Yelp about), THIS is the best place I would want to take my "someone special" and hope she likes it as much as I did on my first visit!
Food is good, but it's also a really fun night.  Wish they didn't make you get the fried onions, though.  Comes standard with the steak.  The kitchen tour is a good thing- makes you feel even better about the food when they're so transparent.  The wine cellar tour was head spinning.  Upstairs dessert room is nice, too, but I'll say that nothing on the dessert menu comes close to the macadamia ice cream, so for my second trip, got that alone and was happiest in the room and cheapest!
Great environment, great food and the dessert room is to die for!
I don't know where to begin.  Bern's is unlike anything I have experienced in Florida.  An old building. Lots of red velvet.  Oil paintings covering all of the walls.  Darkly illuminated.  I found myself mesmerized as I wandered through its myriad hallways, stairways and rooms.  I can only compare it to a vampire bordello . . . but in a good way.  (Indeed, the only similar restaurant that I can recall in my experience is Loch Ober in Boston, if that is still in existence.) I met three clients/friends/former co-workers for dinner at Bern's last night.  We had reservations but my guests were about 15 minutes late. I was pleased that despite the crowded restaurant, the hostess happily held our table.  When we were seated, we noted what appeared to be a large bound bible on the table. It was actually the wine list and a committed oenophile could easily have spent hours reading just that.  Indeed, the menu took us more than a few minutes to review as well! Although Bern's a steakhouse, it's menu offers something for everyone, including vegetarians--a very nice touch.  Meals are generally served with French Onion Soup, salad (with a multitude of dressings), baked potato, onion rings and a vegetable--along with meat that can be anywhere from a 6 ounce steak to a 5 pound steak or lobster.  My companions ordered various cuts of beef.  I opted for the big eye tuna. (I know, I know, but I don't eat red meat or poultry so the tuna was as close as I could come to being part of the carnivorous group!) Our soups arrived quickly.  I had substituted a vichyssoise and enjoyed it but cannot claim to have loved it. It was just a bit too creamy for my taste. My friends uniformly enjoyed the onion soup. Salads also arrived in a timely fashion a few minutes after our soup course.  I had ordered my salad with a vanilla bean macadamia nut dressing.  I was very happy with my selection and found that the dressing made my salad into something very similar to a dessert. There was a bit of a delay after our salads were finished before our main meals arrived.  We had been seated at 6:45 and ordered our dinner at about 7:15 but it was probably 8:30 by the time we had gotten through our first two courses and the main meal reached our table.   My tuna was perfectly cooked.  A very thick tuna steak, crusted with black peppercorns and gently seared is hard to beat.  Served with pommes frites (because when the average price per person is in excess of $75 for dinner, you cannot call them fries), I was very happy with my meal.  My companions were equally happy with their steaks and all of the accompaniments.  (My meal was a "special" that did not include all of the usual sides.)   After dinner, and again after a bit of a wait, we were directed upstairs to the dessert room.  I cannot begin to describe the dessert room--Imagine about 60 private and secluded tables hidden in wine casks and you will begin to have a picture of the room.  The dessert menu was enormous.  I enjoyed a sugar free key lime pie served with strawberry sorbet, fresh strawberries and whipped cream.  My companions had various ice cream and fresh fruit presentations.  All were enjoyed. Bern's is not inexpensive.  Dinner for four with tip ran to about $400 but the experience is well worth it for a special occasion.  I was disappointed to discover an errant charge earlier today for a glass of wine that my party did not receive (a $14 charge) but I neglected to review the bill last night so I know that part of the blame is on my shoulders.
I am visiting this restaurant for many, many years. I was never disappointed. The French Onion Soup is very tasty. I usually order a large sized lobster (2 lb+). I also like the freshly prepared table-side Caesar Salad. Few restaurants prepare your Caesar Salad in this manner. Your waiter will do this for you. My favorite waiter is Davor (I hope I spelled that correctly).   My favorite desert is a homemade "Macadamia Nut Ice Cream" with Chocolate Sauce and freshly whipped cream. This ice-cream is truly to die for and enough of a reason to come visit this restaurant all on its own. Even the vanilla ice cream is the best I have ever had and made from a very old secret recipe. Berns was also my mother's all-time favorite restaurant. Please don't forget to take a tour of their very impressive wine cellar.
Bern's is a fantastic special occaision restaurant. They are best known for steaks, so that's what I stick with. Take the tour of the wine cellar and visit the desert room. A bit pricey but worth every penny.
I had the best experience at Bern's. Imagine an upscale, beautiful steak restaurant with amazing food and dessert. Now imagine that you get all that, plus great service, and that the experience didn't break the bank! My filet was cooked perfectly to my liking, and the chocolate dessert was delightful. I was also very impressed with the coffee, which I learned later is roasted right on site! I will definitely be back!
Oh my god!  Tears of joy were streaming down my face with every bite. Bern's came highly recommended from my boss and quite possibly changed my life.  I'm not sure how yet, but I woke up this morning feeling different (and I am not talking about the hang over).   Where do I start?  The decor in this place reminds me of the haunted mansion at Disneyland, but it is in every way top notch.  Dear Reader, I travel all over the world on an expense account and get to try some amazing restaurants, but this by far was the most special dining experience to date.  Big words, i know-  but, I promise I am not blowing smoke.   If I were to sum it up, this is a restaurant for connoisseurs.  Two colleagues and I ordered the 27oz NY Strip and they carved it table side.  With the steak came soup, salad, and side dishes - take that all of you a la carte steakhouses.  Brad the Sommelier helped us road map our entire experience and we gave him the creative freedom to help us with the near impossible task of picking one bottle of wine for dinner in a wine list the size of a phone book.  It couldn't have been more perfect; a 2000 Pauillac.  Brad helped us get a great wine for a reasonable price. After dinner we got a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar and then escorted up to the dessert room.  We were already a little toasty by the time we got up there and upon seeing the dessert wine list we knew we had to kick it into gear.  I was feeling a little spendy so i opted to spring for a 1949 bottle of port - it tasted so good that I almost cried.  The restaurant was very accommodating and allowed us to be the last to leave.  We must have left sometime after 1am. I would make a special trip to Tampa from SF just to eat at Bern's.  Truly something special.
I have to give five stars for the macaroni and cheese (I know that seems crazy, but true!), the wine selection and the dessert room.  In my opinion, the steaks and atmosphere are over rated.  The walls are raggety and too ornate and cheap looking for my taste.  But the dessert room upstairs is heaven!  Get the Banana's Foster and you won't regret it!  Also, ask for a tour of the kitchen and you will feel you got more of your money's worth since the actual steak and atmosphere is over priced.  I prefer the steaks at Charlies, but Charlie's can't touch Bern's wine selection and desserts!
The best dining experience of my life! The moment I walked in to Bern's dimly lit, scarlet and wood covered reception room, I knew I was engaging in an experience of a lifetime. The host guided us through what seemed to be a labyrinth of dining rooms until we were courteously presented to our table in a room of no more than 5 other tables. This dining experience was intimate.  The sommelier quickly appeared at our table and recommended three bottles for my party of three to consume based upon our preferences and meal. Next, the waiter took our complex food order. May I add that both were professional, knowledgable, and amicable - perfect service.       As plate after plate came and went, I noted to my brother and cousin that this was the best meal of my life. The wine was outstanding, and it paired perfectly with dishes of tuna tartar, cheeses, hams, salads, potatoes, spinach, and more. Then of course was the steak filet. Without question the best meat I've ever consumed at a restaurant. The main meal ended after about 3 hours as we all topped off the final bottle of wine. The wine consumption clouded my memory somewhat of the food i consumed, but I assure you it was all impeccable. But the experience was not over.     Next we enjoyed a tour of the restaurant, which suddenly became an even larger edifice than I had first imagined. This place is huge, and every inch imputes upon you a sense of warmth, classical essence, and high-end art and furniture. What a place. Before I knew it we were walking through the kitchen, watching as tens of chefs prepared hundreds of dishes, hot and cold. We peered into the cheese cellar. Then came the most memorable part of the experience - Bern's wine cellar. Wow! THOUSANDS of wines and ports. Many chambers of the cellar were protected by locks. I observed bottles dated 1930 and beyond. But it was not over... Next we were escorted to the "dessert room." All tables in this room were secluded and covered from the next - we could not see any other tables and no other tables could see ours. We were served after dinner drinks - ports and cognacs - along with delicious sweets in cake form, cookie form, or purée. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. It was more than an unforgettable meal, it was an experience that will stay etched in my memory forever.
Bern's steakhouse was one of those dinners that was 10 times better than even your best expectations. The steak was dry aged and full of passionate flavor! They even brought out complimentary crackers topped with melted Gruyere to enhance your appetite for their delicious steaks! (Imagine that, an appropriately sized appetizer) And, if you like wine, they have the largest private collection in the world. Not super knowledgable in wine? Don't worry about that here. One of their on staff sommeliers (win steward or professional) will talk through the tastes you enjoy and help you select a wine or even select them for you! If it is even remotely feasible for you to make a visit to Bern's then I highly recommend that you do!  After dinner, ask about the tour and they will bring you through the kitchen and the wine cellar!
Great Steak House!  Awesome tour of restaurant.  Save room for desert.  The Banana Foster is great and there home made Macadamia Nut ice cream is great!
This review is for a trip to the desert room. Bern's has amazing and quite possibly the best deserts I've had! We ordered the Macadamia nut ice cream which was just delicious, flavorful but not too sweet. I am not a fan of peanut butter but the peanut butter and chocolate truffle was something that I just could not stop eating! The trio cakes were each so delicious with awesome filings and ice creams!
Good God. The desserts at Bern's are insane. Like, I don't understand how they can make simple ICE CREAM taste like it was made by angels. Like most New Yorkers, I appreciate how "cheap" Bern's is , in comparison to what something like this would run you in New York. The service is nothing short of impeccable, and I love how you can request a tour of the kitchen, no matter how busy they may be. Every time I'm in Florida, I beg to go to Bern's. I would definitely recommend the bananas foster, since they make it table-side. So worth the extra twenty-minute wait.
After reading that Bern's is one of America's top steakhouses I had to visit.  Flew to Tampa and went there with two of my best buds.  Entering I was not impressed at first glance.  Or, with our seating arrangments.  Now the food.  Excellent piece of steak!  Excellent oysters and one of the best salads I've ever had.  Not your typical, regular plane Jane salad that every restaurant serves.  The free soup was also excellent.  Bern's is a place to eat steak and have it prepared to your exact specification if you are the picky type.  I just like a good steak.  Wine selection is apparently largest in the USA.  Desert room is a must try.  Desert was nothing spectacular but I had a good cognac.  The decor then grew on me.  final comment:  TAKE A TOUR OF THE KITCHEN.  I was grumpy and didn't want to go but it was cool!
I have no words. That's a lie. I have a lot of words for Bern's. This was, quite simply, the best meal of my life. Granted I don't often have meals of this calibre, so I'm sure that some restaurant, somewhere out there, can best Bern's. I don't care. Because not only was this the best meal I have had (so far), but this was also the best dining experience. When you walk in, the immediate effect is opulence. My companion and I were slightly early so we took the tour first and then relaxed in the bar with a drink. Their wine collection astounds (even more astounding- there's more in a separate warehouse!). The bar is classy, elegant, and "hello delicious drinks". My something-with-whiskey-in-it cocktail was perfection and also aided in my pre-dinner inebriation. They have small dining rooms, which means that your dinner automatically feels both intimate and fancy before you even sit down. The service was impeccable (but of course) and the wine book (yes, it was a book. I almost expected illustrations and a gold embossed cover. Maybe a small gnome to turn the pages..) was extensive. Thank god for aforementioned impeccable service, otherwise I wouldn't have had the foggiest idea what wine to order with my steak. Oh the steak. Guys. The steak was....out of this world. I don't think I've ever put anything so delicous in my mouth. It was, well, perfect. Perfectly crispy on the outside, perfectly tender and perfectly melty in the mouthy on the inside. I won't lie to you, each time I placed a piece of steak in my mouth, I had a very adult reaction to it. And I am not ashamed to admit it. Every time. What one piece of meat cannot do, another can... Whoops. Are there children present? That was so inappropriate. Can't take me anywhere. Except here. Take me here. Take me here now. After dinner came the Dessert Room, which again had this cozy, intimate, old world vibe that made me feel classy and witty. Like a rich man's dame. Or a kingpin's moll. We had the dessert sampler to share and a little spiked coffee to smooth things out. All delicious. All perfect. Now I was not paying. Nor would I ever be able to afford this place (plus airfare). But if you are ever in the Tampa area (hell if you're ever in Florida) and find yourself with a few extra hunnies (that's slang for hundred dollar bills, right?) then you should definitely make a reservation (seriously, make a reservation). You will not be disappointed. Unless you are. And in that case you should take me out to the place where YOU have had the best meal of your life. And I shall judge you accordingly. You're paying though, right?
The king of all steakhouses.  There's only one other steakhouse in the United States that dry-ages all USDA prime steak for at least 5 weeks (Peter Lugar's in Brooklyn).  The wine list is extensive to an almost comedic degree.. but their prices are very good actually for what you get. Bern's is a great place to talk to the Sommelier to try something new or exotic.  The dessert room is also fantastic.  I'm usually a strip/ribeye man but here I will order a massive chateubriand to split.. the flavor is much better than the average filet from the dry-aging and it is oh so tender.   Definitely make sure to go on a busy night.  The people watching is entertaining, even for me who doesn't like to normally do so.  We went before a Saints football game once and the most of the team was there along with a bunch of expense account business men and oddly dressed people with similarly matched personalities.  There is a definite swagger to this place. Oh-one comment on the decor. I definitely agree with bordello-chic.  Its pretty funny.. but who cares? and that is part of the persona of this place.
As good as it gets. I paid less for my food than a steak at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse and felt I had a better meal regardless. Be careful on your size of steak because the other foods you are served will be devoured as well, leaving you less and less room for dessert. Which, by the way, also deserves 5 stars. One of the best meals I've ever had.
WOW! I did not expect that! I really thought it will be a tourist trap that just milks you. This place is not inexpensive, it's Cheap! (for the quality) I don't get the 4 dollar sign on Yelp. I shared an 18 oz Delmonico, which was just perfect! It comes with French onion soup, baked potato, salad, vegetables and onion rings for less than $40 a person! The wine list is out of this world, they have over half a million bottles. I can't say enough, if you are in the area or within a few hours away, Go!
This is an overdue review as we went to Bern's in late December for a business dinner.  there were 6 of us and the place was packed.  We waited about 1-hr for our reservation.  After we were seated the service was friendly and efficient.  This is the place for steak.  The steaks were made exactly as ordered.  The sides were fine in general but the mac n cheese is excellent.  Wine "book" is the largest i have ever seen and has everything including reasonaly priced excellent wines.   You MUST have desert!  A second floor desert restaurant have fabulous items including the hard to find Bananas Fosters made table side.
This is a unique gem of a restaurant, but there are some secrets to fully appreciating it.  First, if you can, eat in the bar.  The atmosphere is much more relaxed and more interesting, even if you tend to get the less-experienced wait staff.  Second, be sure to ask for the sommelier in selecting your wine; the sommeliers are very knowledeable and pleasant and the wine list, the world's largest, is a bit cumbersome without their guidance.  They will help to find some extraordinary wines, that even if you could find elsewhere, you could never get at their prices.  Finally, be sure to try the Japanese Wagyu beef (as an appetizer; too rich as a main course); you may find it to be the best bite you ever had.
This was one of the best experiences I have ever had at a restaurant.  Beginning to end, every bite is worth it.  You will have left this restaurant a larger person, but a better one for trying all these delicious items.  It's a must.  This restaurant is a historical one and with that by eating here, you are making history! At the beginning of our meal we were greeted with ice water, followed by a greeting with an extremely knowledgeable server.  The cocktails were quite good I must say.  Martinis were cold, and olives salty, just how I like them. We preceded to look over their wine list, which might seem a bit overwhelming even for the professional wine drinker.  The wine list is more like a telephone book, flipping page after page and seeing wines from every country.  They ask you at the beginning if you would like to take a tour of the wine cellar.  Say YES.  It is all together amazing as they take you through the kitchen and then to one of the oldest wine cellars around. We started out with a few appetizers that were:  Oysters on the Half Shell; Escargot; and a raw fish tower.  I am not sure what exactly it was called on the menu but it included shrimp, tuna, clams, mussels, and a large assortment of raw fish, which was on a tower.  Seriously, it was huge.  We should have only stuck to out entrees.  However all the appetizers we tried were excellent!  We did not know that with our entrée a soup, and a salad was served.  The French onion soup came next and it was delicious.  The salad was less memorable but still something else to fill you up.  The entrées we ordered were: filet mignon; chateaubriand, delmonico, and the t-bone.  All these selections were wonderful and prepared to perfection.  It just depends on what kind of steak you are in the mood for. We finished our meal downstairs, took the wine cellar tour and then preceded upstairs to the dessert lounge.  We were seated in a personal style 1950's booth where we could choose what music we listened to from broadway style music to alternative and in between having some Frank Sinatra which is always good.  We ordered coffee, expresso's, and a few ports to go with our desserts.  I was not crazy about my dessert but I loved every dessert but mine and mine was a chocolate torte sort of dessert. The experience itself here is one of a kind.  If you are in the Tampa area I highly recommend trying this place out because it is truly unique.  I am a fan and you will be too just plan on spending a few bucks here because like I said, It's worth it! Cheers and Enjoy!
I hadn't been here in 10 years, but nothing has changed except the size of the portions, which is a good thing.  Before, there was way too much food; now, it's just too much food. To start with, the French onion soup is the best I have ever eaten, and the Shirley Temples are to die for.  The tuna tartar was pretty great and the salad had eggs and avocado, which makes any salad great in my book.  For the entree, I shared the chateaubriand with my mom and sister, which was just so perfect and tender in a way that's indescribable.  Did I mention the Shirley Temple?  Perfect. While I skipped dessert, I recommend that everyone visit the dessert room just for its shear cheesiness.   Go here at least once in your life!  It's the saving grace of Tampa, along with Mons Venus.
I made my second trip to this legendery steak house last night, primarily to show if off to my friends from Minnesota with whom I met in Tampa.  We had reservations at eight and were promptly seated as soon as all parties were present.  I thought the $5 valet charge is a bit excessive, especially since there is no street parking available and the Bern's free lot fills up very early. I had forgotten that a trip to Bern's is an all -evening affair - for our party of 7, it took nearly three hours. This is not a place for a quick meal! The ambiance of this place is well documented in the many reviews - you either like it or hate it. What set this night apart was our waiter - his name never revealed. His demeanor reminded me a bit of Lawrence Welk - he was so fatherly and polite, constantly reminding us that "he" was going to be bringing us lots of food - he prefaces each item placed before us as, "I've made this for you" - By the end of the evening he had us all smiles. Extremely accommodating - he even brought one person a glass of wine that was "similar to what you're drinking (and had run out of)."  There was no charge for it. He brought us some plates of mushrooms that no one ordered, and at the end of the meal comp'ed each party with three scoops of ice cream in a waffle cup. Very nice touch since at the end of the meal it was so late that none us wanted to visit the desert floor. He was very attentive to one in our party who has a peanut allergy. Some of the food was a bit cold as it may have sat a longer that usual as our waiter doted on his other customers. The wait between courses was overly long. My chateaubriand was unevenly cooked, very rare at one end, just right at the other end. The steak was bland and really needed the "Oscar" treatment (which by the way, we were not charged for). Others generally liked their steaks, but one in the party didn't think the Delmonico (rib eye) was any better than that served at Ruth Chris. The baked potato was was over-cooked. The French onion soup was the best I've ever had, unfortunately served in a small pewter dish rather than a large ceramic crock. My wife did not eat hers so I did. Our waiter then announced that he'd be glad to bring more soup if anyone so desired. Don't hesitate to ask for seconds if you liked it as much as I did. All in all, another great dining experience at Bern's. I'm not sure I'd be coming back soon (if I lived in Tampa) but this is one place every foodie should experience at least once! johnnyMP3seed
Bern's is the Five Seasons of Tampa Bay. Everybody knows of it. If you haven't been you want to go. If you can afford it, it's a status symbol. I was so excited when my boyfriend and I are were invited by a friend and her family to join them for dinner here. I went in having high expectations. Even without the food, you need to go to Bern's just for the experience. The building doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it's grand and glorious. And crowded! We had a reservation, but still waited in the bar area for while. Once seated we begun the task of the menu. Of course you come for the steak. I don't remember what cut I ordered (this was a few years ago) but it was perfection as expected. Everything surrounding it? Not so much. You get bread and also a salad, vegetables and a baked potato that they fancy up for you tableside. These items aren't exciting and I don't expect them to be, but I would have been happy with just the steak. It is truly the highlight. After dinner we took the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, which was spectacular and a must! We also went upstairs to the dessert room. It's so easy to get lost up there! Loved the piano player and all of the seperate booths. The desserts aren't the best I've ever had, but they are very good. I would definitely come back just for dessert because I love dessert and the atmosphere can't be beat. This would be a perfect end to a romantic date night. And a cheaper alternative to the full dinner downstairs. Desserts are around an average of $10, which sounds like a lot for a dessert, but considering the place and given a special occasion, it's certainly worth it.
I had been told of my coworkers of the legendary status of Bern's. I have eaten at many fine Steakhouses, but to be frank the descriptions fall short of the dining experience here. The ambiance is rustic with a dash of royalty. The staff at Bern's go through years of training just to be able to serve it's guests, and the effort they put into this place as a whole makes it something very special. The professionalism from every worker at Bern's is unmatched. I was a bit skeptical when the server said that the Wagyu Steak would be unlike any other I have tasted. I have had some mighty fine Kobe Beef before, and I opted to try their sampler of Wagyu, Filet Mignon, and Delmonico. The Wagyu is almost indescribably tender, flavorful, and literally melts in your mouth. Simply put, while the Delmonico and  Filet were both excellent steaks, and would have been more than satisfying, the Wagyu elevated the tasting to a whole other level. I am not a wine connoisseur but I doubt there is another place on this earth that has the collection that Bern's has. From a simple glass, to a $30,000 collectors class wine, the wine cellar (that only holds 10% of it's reserves) is something out of Hollywood. If in Tampa, this is a must visit. If you are alive, this is a must visit. I am certainly glad I got to experience it, and hope to again (sooner than later).
Wow, what an experience.  From the food, to the wine, to the service, to the dessert room.  Fabulous!!!  This is as good as it gets!!!
On a random Sunday the bf and I decided to hit the Harry Waugh Dessert Room at Bern's Steak House. We've been craving for their decadent desserts only since forever! Since we were only doing the Dessert Room, we figured we wouldn't have to dress business casual to semi-formal (as stated on the web site), but went with a more relaxed look (I wore jeans with a blouse and heels while bf wore trousers with untucked buttoned down shirt). Phew, we were allowed in! Going to the Dessert Room at Bern's is like entering a secret club. We had to pass through quite a few people before we finally sat in our seats. 2 people at the hostess station downstairs helped us (asked if we had a reservation, made a phone call to upstairs, wrote # of people and name onto an index card, showed us to how get upstairs), then once we get to the hostess station upstairs 2 more people helped us (ask for our names and how many in the party, took the index card, wrote something into 2 different places, showed us to our seats). Whew! Finally, we can focus on what we were there for! The menu was extensive! There are just about 50 desserts but over 1,000 dessert wines and spirits. Since it was a Sunday evening, we decided to stick to the lighter drinks, leaving the heavy alcohol for another occasion. My bf knew exactly what he wanted, the Cappuccino Bern's Steak House (ground, roasted coffee marinated in Kahlúa and flavored liqueurs for an average of ten weeks), while I ordered the Irish Coffee Bern's Steak House (coffee, Irish Mist and special whipped cream). Both our drinks were delicious, although I wish I had a bit more Irish Mist. And then the reason we were there, the desserts! After a very long look at the menu, we finally narrowed our choices: bf ordered the Macadamia Nut Sundae, which is a Bern's original (orange scented cone filled with our extraordinary Macadamia Nut Ice Cream covered in hot fudge, whipped cream and roasted macadamias) and I had the Cappuccino Creme, which is Bern's version of the Tiramisu (house-made liqueur, Cappuccino Bern's and cold brewed espresso flavor handmade ladyfingers, layered with mascarpone mousse and Valrhona chocolate coffee creme). I've never had macadamia nut ice cream before so I was given a taste. I was pleasantly surprised that it was soooo good, and found myself making a mental note to order that next time we go there. (Not sure why I was surprised since I do love Macadania nuts. DUH!) My dessert was excellent as well, although it didn't look anything like a Tiramisu (I guess that's why the description says "our version"). Our waitress was nice and courteous and was good at her job. Our experience was great, as expected from a top quality restaurant. I totally recommend the Dessert Room even if you don't eat at Bern's. It's the perfect place for special occasions, date nights, or just because. To those who are reading this and have never been to Bern's or the Dessert Room at Bern's: - check out the dress code - check the prices to see if you're cool with them - don't forget to make a reservation. Enjoy!
Best steakhouse in Tampa, hands down.  The steaks are always properly cooked to order and the desert room features are amazing! Even though it has a reputation as pricey, the prices are a little high, but the meal comes with salad (Macadamia nut dressing - awesome) and soup.  Sides are ala carte, but well worth ordering as well.  Make reservations in advance because the place is usually packed during dinner hours.  Great place for business, or to bring a date, or just go with a bunch of friends.
Probably about THE best restaurant anywhere.  Dessert room is a must do.  Excellent food, service, selection.
Ok the basics first: the food is delicious, the service impeccable yet friendly, and the decor as random as it gets. The menu contains an enormous variety of things, including a back cover full of cheeses, a full page of caviar options and a page of cuts and weights of beef. All the appropriate cuts are available, including chateaubriand. Included in the meal is a soup, a salad and a couple sides so this is not your typical a la carte locale. You can upgrade your choices, for a fee. On the soup I'd definitely opt for the lobster bisque, though my table mates thought the french onion was delicious. My mouth began thinking naughty thought upon the first taste. They offer an incredibly diverse bunch of dressings too; I did the macadamia nut vinaigrette and was quite pleasantly surprised!! Bern's offers seafood, chicken and vegetarian options. Considering our late reservation, I opted for the seared ahi, rare, and was delighted with my decision. The soy Armagnac sauce, though tasty, was a tad heavy for my taste. The wasabi potatoes were crispy and so unexpectedly yummy! As far as sides we ordered a couple additional: the creamed spinach and the truffled wild mushrooms. Both were sinful and definitely not for the weak of heart. We were informed about the dessert room upstairs upon our arrival. Initiall we thought, no way, we'll be full...yea well, we still ended up there after our kitchen/cellar tour ;)  Completely intimate, despite having about 48 'booths' this area was as unique as the rest of the restaurant, but in a better way. Where the restaurant screams Dracula's mom's castle upon entering, the dessert room is all wood and dim lighting. The booths resemble wine casks, with unique artwork in each. The aperitif, scotch, etc list was replete with items you'd find in your grandfather's collection, including unattainable scotches and ancient Armagnacs. The sweets list itself is flabbergasting! Ok, i'll end this, though I could go on for another paragraph or two. If you're in Tampa and can get a reservation, I suggest trying this place. I'd also suggest getting in there early. The amount of food you'll end up consuming will take some time to digest!!
Loved it! Lee was our waiter-Awsome. My cousin came to Tampa for a visit and we wanted to eat somewhere bomb (extremely good), so we chose Berns. We had never been. All orders come with soup and salad and sides. (i don't eat red meat), so they made a potato truffle soup that they served cold, very good, I choose the Vanilla Bean dressing for my salad, mmm tasty.  I had the rare seared tuna  deeelishious! cooked perfectly. it comes with a veal reduction sauce but I opted out of that and they made me something that had my mouth watering. Some kind of 20 year old balsamic vinegrette, wasabi concoktion that was absolutely perfect with the Tuna, mmmm good. You must try the mac n cheese, seriously. No really YOU MUST!! Do not forget dessert. It is upstairs. We had the Banana's Foster, YUM.  It was worth it all the cost and the over-stuffed-I-need-to-be rolled-out-of-here feeling. Don't miss out on the tour of the kitchen! Or the wine cellar. do it all, you wont regret it.
Best Steak and Service in the world.
Truly one of the greatest restaurants in the United States. Served the best steak there that I've ever had.   The food, simply put, was absolutely magnificent. The waiter made the Caesar salad that I ordered right at the table.  It was outstanding, perhaps the best I've ever had, The wine list was impressive, and well worth the cost.  I ordered a BV Georges Latour Private Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon, and the sommelier suggested a better year than the one I originally asked for.  He knew exactly what he was talking about and his recommendation was perfect for the steak I ordered, which was perfect in itself. This is one of the most impressive restaurants I've ever dined at.  I highly recommend getting to Tampa to dine there, if only once.  Oh, yes: by all means, tour the wine cellar. I've been a customer of this restaurant since 1986, and I have never been disappointed in a single item that I've ordered.  I have nothing but rave reviews to offer about this restaurant,
The meat is good and the service as well, but that's it. From a place like this I would expect far more. The dessert room was what the rest of the place is not, amazing!
Possibly my first 5 star review.  Actually 4.75 stars, but I'll round up In a nutshell - near perfect familiar food; excellent, although not real friendly service, and reasonable prices. I was very hungry coming in to this restaurant, so I may have been biased by my appetite, but the food was great. - One would never know there was a great restaurant inside based on the non-nondescript exterior of Bern's in Hyde Park neighborhood of Tamps.   Inside, the decor is old-school steakhouse with dark ambiance, several small dining rooms, decorated with spanish renaissance and 17th century  art in ornate gold frames.  Very comfy and warm. - The cocktails at the bar were good.  Lovely, cozy bar. It was populated mostly with business people (I actulally ran into a colleague from years ago) and an older clientele (it is Florida). - Given the entrees come with many sides already, I insisted we try an appetizer.  The duck confit with pomegranate reduction and arugula was awesome.   I don't usually like the sweetness and richness of most duck dishes, but this appetizer - a leg/thigh on bone was perfectly balanced.  and the pomegranate wasn't there just to be trendy - it really worked with the duck.   - The best French onion soup I ever had.  Not too cheesy not too  salty - just right.  It was a nice inclusion to the entree (not a la carte), and the serving size wasn't so big it filled me up before the meal. - The entree ALSO came with a perfect organic side salad.  I chose a white balsamic vinaigrette that was obviously made with top notch oil and vinegar.  The organic, farm fresh veggies were obviously better than anything one can get at publix. - I was finally getting full when the entrees came.  I ordered red snapper on a bed of arugula and mashed potatoes. Very good, on par with most fish dishes I've had at better restaurants.   - The entrees also came with a side of perfectly cooked onion rings and a nice bright veggie side  which tonight was carrots and cucumbers (or  was it zucchini?) Not sure, but it was good.. - Mom got shrimp scampi.  It was phenomenal. It was  a traditional jumbo shrimp scampi, with a florida/caribbean twist.   It reminded me of Belize with the hint of mango and coconut.  The best entree of the three. -Dad got Chateau Briand.  It was good, and apparently a Bern's favorite. .  I'm not crazy about steak but for steak it was perfectly done.  Mom and dad both had a baked potato side. - I had Jordan  and Cakebread Chardonnays with my meal.  They were reasonably priced at under $15 a glass.   Total bill for the 3 of us with drinks came to a very reasonable $220, 12% gratuity included.  (Typically I would never order an app and 3 sides with my entree.  At Mortons, that would be much higher!) We then took the kitchen/wine cellar tour which was a good break before dessert. The tour only took a few minutes,so if you're wondering whether to do it, just do it.  Its a nice break between dinner and dessert upstairs. The dessert floor had cozy individual table areas where dessert is ordered a la carte and offered a new experience for the evening.  It also had this cute little jukebox like thing where you could ask for service, or select from one of 5 music selections. We splurged on dessert.  Although we could have easily split one or two generously sized desserts, we each ordered something.   I got " figs and cheese" which was a trio - fig compote on sweet lady fingers, cut fig on blue cheese cheesecake, and my favorite, another fig compote on a small crispy/soft sweet warm biscuit that was a little piece of heaven.  I paired my dessert with a 30 year tawny port.  Just as the server described, it was a nice middle ground between a sweet dessert and a cheese option.  The menu had a long list of cheeses - to go with the selection of many thousands? of wines on the list.   Dad got "Chocolate Lush".  Apparently it was so good he didn't share.  A rich chocolate tort served with ice cream & warm chocolate sauce Mom, once again placing the winning order,  got macadamia ice cream in waffle cone.  It was the servers recommendation, and the best of the three desserts we ordered.  Delicious chocolate-based ice cream with crisp macadamias and the best waffle cone I ever had, obviously made in the kitchen.   For someone who isn't really big on steakhouses, I loved Bern's.  It was a wonderful surprise.  They obviously has the food dialed in.   They set pretense and experimentation aside for solid dishes that taste good. Regarding service, the servers did everything right,  Timing was perfect, and the main server was always there for us, not leaving the busboys to ask us for water or drinks.  However - they weren't super warm and friendly.  I guess part of that is east coast persona, and working in the same restaurant for years will do that .  Bonus points to our dessert server who personally ran down my leftover blue cheese cheesecake to the valet since I left it on the table.  Yummy!
Let me start by saying dinner is a three hour affair.  Do not try to cut it short, you are only punishing yourself.  I have been to most of the great steak houses in the country and this is #1.  I have had steaks as good (not better) but this is also about the experience, service and ambiance.   Steaks are dry-aged, cut to order and cooked to perfection over charcoal. Your waiter will ask if you want a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, the correct answer is "yes"  You will not see the entire wine cellar but you will see about 90,000 bottles (less than 20% of the total) and the kitchen is amazing.   The wine list is the largest in the world and is overwhelming.  The first time in my life I have been intimidated by a wine list.  Fortunately, they have three very qualified sommeliers on staff who love to help.  I think the wine prices are a good value.   About an hour and a half into your dinner, you will be asked if you would like to make reservations for dessert.  There is only one correct answer.
I can tell you do not eat any meals during the day. Be prepared to eat for 4 hours and drink.  The wine list amazing, the kitchen tour cool and the upstairs dessert rooms OMG. We spent a boat load of cash but it was well worth it for the entire experience.
Love to seat at the dessert room for hours!! Love the truffle mac n cheese! Amazing wine selections! Great service and bartenders!
My first go at Bern's was a definite miss.   Key factors: 1) Its was New Years Eve - packed but the service was still good 2) We ordered the Chateaubriand - an enormous cut of meat meant to to be shared by two but only ideal if both people prefer their meat cooked exactly the same 3) Lastly but maybe most detrimental, too much alcohol!!!! Drinks at the bar (we waited an hour, that's 3 french martini's) and a bottle of wine with dinner, surely did nothing for our taste buds! Fast forward to this weekend, my second visit and it was a totally different experience.  I thought the steaks were phenomenal.  Both mine and my boyfriends were cooked perfectly, mine medium and his medium rare.  The salad that accompanied the meal was good however next time I will "upgrade" to the table side Cesar.  And the service though good on my first visit was even better this time around.  Our waiter was patient but always available, he recommended a great moderately priced wine and even brought us a platter of complimentary cheese and crackers. And now for the best part...The Dessert Room!! O-M-G!!! You must, Must, MUST make reservations! I almost made the mistake of not going, after my delicious meal I couldn't contemplate making room for dessert.  Thankfully my pushy boyfriend insisted that we go... Macadamia Ice Cream That's all you need to know!
This is the first and only 5 star restaurant that I have dined in thus far. Berns is by far my favorite place to eat. I came here for the first time about 2 years ago and have loved it every since. To start this place has been a Tampa icon for a very long time. It took till I was 25 years old to finally make it here, but I sure am glad that I did. When you first arrive I always valet park which is $5 dollars but who cares I'm about to drop $150 on dinner why not live a little. Anyway you walk into a very dimly lit room. I have read where people have reviewed the decor of Berns poorly but I honestly couldn't imagine it any other way.  You will be seated in one of the many rooms, in which all seem to be differently themed and decorated. You will be taken care of by a very polite and we'll trained waiter. To my understanding it takes a good deal of training and time to become a waiter at this fine dining experience. They are very patient and extremely knowledgeable of their establisment. The menu can be a bit overwhelming for a first timer, but I assure you they will walk you through anything you might need help with. I have ordered the same thing every time I've been there and likely won't change that anytime soon. My wife and I share a Chateaubriand steak medium rare. We usually go for a 20 -24oz to split. It is cooked to perfection with a perfect crust and temperature. All meals come with the best french onion soup on this planet. A salad in which I always get the macadamia nut dressing which is completely out of this world. And out with you dinner comes a baked potato prepared table side however you like it, home made onions straws and a fresh vegetable which is grown at their farm. All together unlike a lot of fine dining places you leave overly full. They make sure you have more than enough to eat. You will pay to eat here and I am a cheap SOB, but I have no problem paying to eat here. The food and service are second to none. I could go on and on about Berns. I have eaten at some of the most well known steakhouses and restaurants in this country, and I still haven't found one better yet. Oh and for first timers, take the kitchen and wine cellar tour, it's a neat experience.  And the the wine how could I forget. They have the largest privately owned wine collection in the WORLD yes WORLD. I am not a huge wino, but if it's out there, they have it. My last visit they had a bottle for sale for $30,000! If you can appreciate high quality dining come here and eat. Even if you have to travel you won't be disappointed.
This was the splurge meal for the wife and me on a Tuesday night in early May during our first visit to Tampa. This place does it right, as most other reviewers have stated. They age their beef far more than average and trim the fat and gristle off it before they serve it (priced per ounce, but it's all edible) Valet parking is the thing here, but I elected to park on the street about 5 blocks away, although I noticed afterward that there was parking available on the second east-west street south of the restaurant (W. Southview Ave) without infringing on nearby private lots. We both had the filet--hers a little smaller and butterflied because it was ordered medium well. Mine, a 12 oz medium. Everything was as close to perfect as it could be. Best steak we'll probably ever have, and so far the most expensive (but worth it) Our server's name was Rafael, an older black gentleman, who was very gracious and attentive throughout, even suggesting two different wines for me that were different from the ones I had in mind--a Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc and a Terra Valentine Cabernet with the filet (he noted that I could get the Robert Mondavi anywhere so why not try something that was a little different--good point) Both were excellent and worth the price--I will probably buy them back home and save them for a special occasion. Just about any wine worth having is available here, and, as big as their wine cellar is, only about 10-15% of it is on site--yes, they have available slightly less than a million bottles altogether! We were very impressed with both the first-timer kitchen and wine cellar tours--how unusual is THAT--but these folks are proud of what they do and want to show you how much talent and effort goes into making sure that your dining experience is a memorable one. It was. As far as the dessert room (on a separate floor)--it is awesome, as almost everyone else has noted--quite unique in both decor and set-up--individual booths even have a box to control type of music and volume--and if you choose live piano music, there's a phone to call in your special request--how cool is that? We'll remember our meal here for a long time, and if we're ever in the Tampa area, a return visit will be a must. Anyone contemplating a visit would be well-advised to check out the wealth of info available on their website to help prepare for it.
Bern's is a very special place for me. It was where my boyfriend (now husband) and I celebrated our first anniversary when I was 17. It's also where he proposed to me 5 years later. If that isn't enough to make a restaurant special, I haven't even started on the food and service! Every time we go, the food is consistently incredible. Fabulous, aged steaks cooked to perfection. Delectable sides, all organically grown on their own farms. The first and only place I've ever had steak tartar is Bern's and it is heavenly. Seasoned to perfection, cold, and so wonderful. I know some people complain about the service here being "stuffy" but I like it. Bern's is a place with old world charm and I like being left alone to my company and my meal. This isn't a chain or a bar where everyone needs to be friendly and excited; the food speaks for itself. That being said, the service is impeccable; elegant and attentive--you will never wait for a refill or a fresh fork. Let the waiter help you select if it's your first time and you're overwhelmed--staff trains over a year before going on the floor alone. Take the tour of the kitchen; it's impressive and educational. Most importantly, it gets you loosened up for the dessert room! My favorite thing upstairs is the vanilla flight--vanilla creme brulee, vanilla ice cream and a miniature vanilla souflee. I also love the macadamia nut sundae (which is actually what I was eating when the boyfriend proposed!) Are you going to spend a pretty penny at Bern's? Yes. Is it worth it? Yes, yes, and YES.
Came here on for a bachelor party with 10 guys, and the feedback was consistent from everyone...  Bern's is one hell of an experience with some of the best food we've tasted.  We're all from NY, so we've definitely been to our fair share of high quality steak places ala Del Fresco's, Luger's, etc.. Between the top notch food and service, Bern's definitely earns its spot among the very best.   While the steaks were amazing, I would have to say that the highlight was the creamed spinach.  It was hands down the best creamed spinach I've ever had and probably ranks in the top 10 most delicious and decadent foods I've ever eaten, period. It's not your traditional creamed spinach as it's made with some kind of cheese and bacon and all kinds of awesomeness.   After our main course we had a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar, which was a nice surprise.  Then we went up to a special dessert room for round 2.  We had a good sampling of the dessert menu between the 10 of us, and there were definitely no complaints.   Coming here wasn't just a regular dinner, it was definitely an experience.
This is a classic steakhouse that is my all time favorite which is surprising for me since I am from the Midwest and have the opportunity to eat a lot of good steak. I loved the whole experience especially the dessert room!! This is a must do while in Tampa!
Loved it. I have been there twice. Once on my honeymoon and another time for work. Steaks are the absolute best. We had the delmonego  ribeye and it was amazing. The sides are also fantastic.  The desserts were also great. The service was superior.  A++++
Probably some of the best steaks available on planet Earth. I always enjoy the privilege of getting to eat here.
This is  the restaurant I use as a yard stick to judge other steak houses. Never had a better steak  (paid more for far worse) the service is outstanding and they have to have the best wine selection on the planet.   Then..... there is the desert room upstairs, sinful !
Wow! This restaurant blew me away. My husband surprised me with reservations for my 30th birthday. I had no idea what to expect. The decor was amazing. The walls were red velvet. When walking in it felt like stepping into another era. I couldn't stop looking around at everything. I was trying to take it all in. Our waiter was phenomenal. He was very down to Earth and still professional. I was expecting it to be a bit stuffy but it wasn't at all. There was a very relaxed feel. The room we were in was pretty full. Every table seemed to be happy and having a great time. Every single morsel of food on my plate was delicious. The steak was perfect. I have never had a better meal. I ate until I couldn't fit another bite into my body. And then I ate some more. It was seriously that good. After dinner we took a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar. Again, blown away. It was totally awesome to get a behind the scenes look at Bern's. The wine cellar left me speechless. After our tour we headed up to the dessert room. This took my experience to a whole other level. Every table is private. The waitress was very knowledgeable and really helped us navigate the menu. I really can't say enough about this restaurant. I had read reviews that said it wasn't just dinner, it's an experience. And they were absolutely correct. It is a little pricey but was worth every single penny. If you get the chance to dine at Bern's, do it. You will NOT be disappointed.
This place is amazing.  A steakhouse that does it right.  Most restaurants don't have servers that can last 2 years, at Bern's, the servers go through a 2 year internship before they are ready for the floor.  That is awesome.  Love that they also have their act together enough to offer everyone a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar after dinner.  You have to be on your game to be willing to let anyone in your kitchen.  Awesome food, awesome service, great dessert and port selection.  The wine list... good lord... that just ain't right.  Insane, all the way around.  Just plain gluttonous, especially on the company dime.
Deserts are to die for, steaks are great but I have had better in this price range. A Tampa must.
Read the other 4 and 5 star reviews of this place below and I'll avoid repeating the obvious. I'll only add that yes, this place is expensive, yes, it is over the top -- but it is almost one of a kind. Tampa, this is a landmark and you owe it to yourself to check it out at least once! Don't miss the kitchen and wine cellar tour, and definitely waste a bit more money up in the dessert room. Too bad they couldn't get some kind of landmark exemption for cigar smoking, but I'm sure the Macadamia Nut Ice Cream tastes better without the nicotine aroma... This place is worth it for any special occasion. It's worth it to impress out of towners -- even those of us from cities famous for steak houses, like Chicago!
I came here on a date and it definitely was an experience. It was very interesting walking through the kitchen and wine cellar and then making our separate reservation for dessert. It was a very intimate and classic setting. Our steak was absolutely perfect and our later dessert was a good compliment.
Spectacular wine list and excellent food Decor leaves a lot to be desired Recommend highly
I was told by several of my friends that Bern's is not just about the food, it''s the entire experience, including the stories about the restaurant, how the waiters have to train for 1 year, they grow there own vegetables etc.. I actually did not get that "full" experience on my first visit. My dinner partner actually filled me in on the history, not the waiter. This was a bit upsetting, but the food and ambiance made up for it. I ordered an 8oz fillet, medium rare. It was cooked to perfection and was delicious. While the menu may seem a bit pricey, it's actually not that bad considering you get a loaded baked potato, salad, soup and onion rings! Please note that refills are NOT free. After dinner we decided to try the dessert room upstairs. I had a Peanut Butter chocolate pie that was to die for, with coffee (free refills..go figure). They also roast there own coffee. I would love to go back and get a better waiter. With hat said, it was still excellent.
Bern's is one of the top steak restaurants in the entire country.  I have eaten her on many occasions and have never been disappointed.  Their wine list is massive with the largest selection that I have ever seen.  If you get the chance to go, make sure you ask for a tour, they will take you through their impressive wine cellar, you will be amazed.
This is not just a place for steak it's an experience of the sense. Great decor do not be fooled by the outside the inside sets the whole experience. If you've ever been here you know what I'm talking about. The bar is amazing, the food is amazing, and the desert room. Wow, service is good as well. I was pleased, I traveled and when I get back to tampa I'll be back for sure.
So the four stars came from the overall experience. I have a really hard time paying $40 for a steak that I can make better at home. But home doesn't give me the experience you receive at Bern's. The tour of the cellar. The wanting of the wines. The Kitchen. Then....drum roll please, the dessert room. The phones on the Wall where you can request a live version of Billy Joel just by picking up the phone. The decor. The menu larger than life, just for desserts and after dinner cocktails. It's a must do while in Tampa. The steaks may have left me with a little bit of wanting - but the overall experience made up for it!
Interesting but I have been treated every visit to this restaurant (only 4) and I have never gone back on my own dollar. Visiting SideBern's just a few blocks away is a different story though :)
Best steakhouse in Florida.
On the night of 07/12/141, I came to visit Bern's with a party of 5 to celebrate a few birthdays. Two members of our party, not to mention myself, had been to Bern's on numerous occasions and were very impressed with the professional service, delicious and plentiful food, interesting decor, and so forth that Bern's is typically lauded for. This was not the case with our last visit. To begin with, it is recommended that one wears a jacket and tie as a male here. That's fantastic, it allows for dinnergoers to immerse themselves in the gravitas of the place. This time around, I couldn't help but notice countless people donning sneakers and gym shorts, obese women wearing short denim skirts, punks wearing fake gold chains on TOP of their untucked short-sleeve black polyester shirts. While I don't mean to have the air of a snob here, it's not appropriate to wear these sorts of get-ups to a nice dinner. Bern's needs to be enforcing their dress code. I noticed the above after arriving at our reservation time, 9:00, at which time we were ushered in and subsequently had to wait to be seated. This has never occurred to me before. I thought reservation at 9:00 meant being seated at 9:00 or at the latest 9:02. Now 9:05 or more. That is not professional and not becoming of a well and widely respected establishment like this. Upon being lead through the winding corridors and being seated, we were greeted by one very overworked waitress. She and one other gentleman (perhaps there was more waitstaff, but this was all I saw) were managing a room of perhaps 50 people. How did this happen? Are they understaffed? She had to be bustled away in the middle of taking our order in order to serve the food of some other patrons nearby. She seldom came by to fill up waters because she was too busy with what seemed to be a dozen other parties. I felt sorry for her, I believe many last night proverbially shot the messenger when she was working quite hard and definitely needed some backup. When one orders steaks and such at Bern's, they are treated to a three-course meal. The meal includes a small portion of French onion soup, a lackluster salad, and their main course. The soup and salad are nothing special, by no means should the mediocre taste and meager portion of both sway an individual to believe what they are getting is of decent value. Where the value comes is the steaks and the desert room. I ordered their 12oz filet, rare (slightly warm), which came out just as I'd requested. It was quite tender, if a bit bland. The included sides are a rather terrible tasting carrot mash and six green beans. The baked potato was fine. My side order of shiitake mushrooms "Brian"-style was horrible, it tasted like dehydrated mushrooms sautéed in butter for years and then left under a heat-lamp to dry. But while my meal was an overall "okay", my dinner partners' meals were not even close to mine. One of the dinners served was the gimmicky wagyu and other beef samples, which came out to be tiny pittance of wagyu that would barely fit in the palm of a grown man's hand. All three steak pieces on the plate were nearly 80% fat, if one were to guess. They were quite tasty, but fat tasty. As in, roasted boar-skin from the Asian market tasty. The fat was overwhelming. Our waitress was kind enough to take this off the cheque. Secondly, a "Delmonico" that was ordered, and I use that designation loosely, came out incredibly tough. I eat diced and sautéed flank steak a few times a week and this so-called Delmonico was several atmospheres higher in the toughness scale then even that. There was virtually no fat marbling, and the meat had the distinct texture of having been pre-frozen, which I doubt they would've ever done but it felt that way nonetheless. The waitress was kind enough to take that off the cheque, as well, after I managed to flag her down after ten or fifteen minutes of twiddling our thumbs. The worst experience was, by far, the desert room. We waited in for nearly twenty minutes to finally get up to a counter where four worn-out, bored-looking teenager stood awkwardly staring off into different corners of the room, one pouty-lipped fellow in the center mumbled "how many is in your party" at us whilst staring down at... something. I don't know what. Perhaps he was afraid of making eye contact. We wait for ten minutes more and finally are taken to our seats. We passed half a dozen perfectly good tables in more accessible parts of the floor but our maître d' passed up those in order to take us to the farthest-flung, most god-forsaken corner of this place where we proceeded to wait another fifteen minutes for nobody to show up. At this point, we unanimously voted to leave and never return. A complaint was registered with the teenager at the front desk of the desert room who mumbled towards us earlier. He said "sorry", and that was that.
I would give this place 5 stars on the place alone. Marco at the bar, and the other staff, make this place one of the most memorable and enjoyable meals I've ever experienced. The food was extraordinary. The restaurant lived up to every expectation. The bar and the dessert are worthwhile bookend experiences. The wine list was beyond any I've ever experienced, with over 150,000 wines on hand and over 1 million in storage, making it the largest private collection in the US. I had the chateaubriand tips (6 oz), and it was just perfect given the large accompanying sides. I left perfectly satisfied without feeling stuffed. All meats are cut to the customer's request. I gladly agreed to the kitchen tour, and happy that I did. I couldn't believe it. Everything was perfect about this place, and I'd come to Tampa again just to experience it.
The REAL SCOOP....I used to live in Tampa the better part of 28 years and am now living in Chapel Hill, NC. I have eaten at this establishment like 30 times. In those years I have had only a few times where I thought meh not so much except the nostalgic musty borderline moldy hokey decor always sucks me right back in. If I stick to the chateaubriand for two with a table side ceasar (yes its extra but worth it)  I am never disappointed. Besides they offer organic veggies and non polluted great French red wines. This makes me happy! Just wish they had a grass-fed beef option:( The soup and wheat thin looking crackers have never impressed me, but I call them freebees considering every other $$$-$$$$ steak place is all alacarte. Honestly I've read a lot of the reviews and the negative ones are valid and so are the positive. The piano bar can be noisy but it's my favorite room although cold...brrr! The desserts are truly some of the best anywhere! Yes negative reviewers there are d-bags in the bar, however, much less then any other south Tampa hot spot. People do wear jeans albeit expensive ones (it's called get with the times) and yes the decor is waaaay outdated. I mean keep it the same but paint or something?! The carpets are down right gross! All of that said it's still one of the last establishments in Tampa where you can experience a true serving professional who takes pride in their job like the career waiters at Berns. Servers who can recommend the best wine for your meal and budget along with steer you in the right direction so you don't leave disappointed. My advice is go if just once,  take the tour, save room for the desert room, ask your waiter to make the reservation in the beginning so he can guide you in where to sit based on your mood, order a Bern's coffee and focus on your companion rather then decor. I do!
Its simple, Berns has the best steak I've ever had. The best Caesar salad I've ever had. I've never had a bad dish there. Berns is probably the best restaurant I've ever been to.
In my opinion this is the best restaurant of Tampa!!!... Everything there is Awesome... They have one of the largest wine cellars of the country!!...  And the kitchen tour is a unique experience that you must certainly will enjoy!!...
I live in New York, and have been to my share of high end steak houses in my life, but Bern's is my favorite steak house I've ever been to by far. I lived in Tampa from 2003 - 2007, and have gone back multiple times since. I make sure to visit Bern's every time I'm in town. The prices are very expensive, you can expect to pay $100 per person, maybe more if you are ordering wine, appetizers, and dessert. It is well worth it though. It is more than dinner, every time it is an experience. I get the Delmonico steak medium rare when I go there. At most restaurants I would order it rare, and have to return it because it still comes out too well done, but they are perfectionists at Bern's and I get a thicker cut which makes the medium rare a warm red center. The Delmonico is the best cut you can get anywhere, and everything I've had from the soups and appetizers, to the desserts upstairs have all been amazing. They have an extensive wine cellar (one of the biggest in the country), and you can't skip dessert. The whole thing is really an amazing experience. I can't wait for my next trip to Tampa so I can go back again.
EVERYTHING YOU'VE READ ABOUT BERN'S IS TRUE. One of the best dining experiences in my life. Why, you ask? 1) Amazing serivce from waiters who've worked here for 10+ years 2) SIDES included with steak!!!!! (yes, you read that right). 3) Free Valet Parking 4) You can order vintage 20+yr old wines BY THE GLASS ($10-15) 5) Take the tour to witness restaurant perfection 6) Dessert Room!!! 7) Ridiculously Under-Priced
The best of the best. What else can I say that hasn't been said already. Get the wine cellar tour while you are there!
There is nothing in Tampa that deserves 5 stars. That being said, there are only a few restaurants in the whole of the US that dry age their prime steak as long as Bern's does. This is a costly, labor & time intensive process that virtually every steakhouse in Tampa skips. Comparing Bern's to Outback, Charlie's or even Flemings is silly. While the campy decor and sometimes uneven service may relegate Bern's to the almost great, it is an original Tampa treasure, far exceeding any of the chain steakhouses it competes against.
I visited while on business a few years ago. It was an interesting setting -- me and my client, after a flight and a four hour-long working session. The meal itself was close to three hours. Needless to say, we were close to dead as we left. The restaurant didn't help. The place came highly recommended in Roadfood, which referred to it as one of the best steakhouses in the world. When on an expense account, can't turn that down, can you? It's decked out like a 17th century brothel. Red walls, tons of old lame paintings, lots of velvet. We came in on a rainy Tuesday night the evening before Hurricane Ivan was supposed to hit. Not exactly a booming night for business. We were seated in a large room one-fifth full (right after a hurricane, see below), mostly of tourists. There were no windows, which made the time pass quicker, I guess -- I wish they had closed the loop on the casino experience and pumped in oxygen (and maybe a deck of cards to break things up). Bern's, like all good steakhouses, prides itself on decadence. Supposedly, they have over a half million bottles of wine in the cellar, farm most of their own produce, and raise their own cattle, who learn how to knit the tablecloth and forge the locally-mined iron into forks and knives. Clever, very clever. Bern's is a steakhouse by trade, and they're very good at overwhelming you. The wine list was over a hundred pages long. The steak menu was a full-page matrix, listing types of cuts on one axis, and thickness, weight, and price on the other. We started off with drinks. My dirty martini was Atlantic Ocean briny, though the client enjoyed her margarita (supposedly made with fresh-squeezed juices). We started with appetizers. I had a three smoked fish sampler. Very mediocre, although they had a fairly tasty and well-spiced tuna entry. The client had foie gras, which lacked the fatty taste that usually makes the dish enjoyable. It was also covered in this rather unremarkable sauce. Eh. Soup followed (the entree order includes soup, salad, entree, fries, and house veggies). French onion soup for me, a three-soup sampler for her. I'm not a huge fan of French onion soup, but mine was good enough. Very savory, the cheese tasted delicious. My client especially enjoyed the lobster bisque (the waiter said it was one of his favorite dishes). The salad rolled around, but was thoroughly unremarkable. The steaks completed the at-restaurant experience. The steak menu was at least 10 pages, and had a "steak matrix," where one could select a cut, age, and thickness of beef. I've never seen a multi-dimensional display of steaks like that before. The refrigerators were damaged in a previous hurricane, so Bern's unfortunately lost its aged beef inventory. Very tragic. We were served fresh prime beef, though (I a 17 oz Porterhouse, the client a 10 oz Delmonico). Cooked perfectly to my specifications (rare-medium-rare), the steak was delicious, but not up to par with other Porterhouse cuts I've had (specifically, The Capitol Grille in Providence). Although Bern's did provide a delicious fondue sauce -- the sauce itself would have made cardboard taste like -- well, fondue. I finished the steak (a very impressive lack of fat on the cut), but we didn't want to stay for dessert. I ordered their Peanut Butter Truffle to go on the recommendation of a website (that I now cannot find). The truffle was far too rich for me (and that's saying a lot, I really enjoy the combination of peanut butter and chocolate), and built for three. Nevertheless I ate it before going to bed. The combination of the rich food, the meat, and Law & Order: SVU made my dreams scare me. Nevertheless, if you're in Tampa, and want some good cow, I'd check this place out. It's an experience.
Went again last week for maybe the fifth or sixth time. Generally great as usual, but steak was a shade lower. I chalk this up to getting the chateau briande for six. I think that's just too big to cook each portion well. The big beautiful slab of meat came to our table, and the waiter proceeded to hack it up with the same steak knives used by the patrons. My portion had some overly done bits and seemed smaller than others. A bummer cause I was paying for everyone. Also, seated near toilet is never nice. Anyway, lesson learned. I'll be back better informed.
I've never felt so pampered at a restaurant before.
The ambiance is really rich and amazing.   Nice to have a high end, classic steakhouse where everything isn't a la carte.  Even soup and salad! The servers are professionals and well trained.   The steaks are delicious and cooked perfectly to your taste.  They are completely trimmed of fat before serving.  Not heavily seasoned, but well aged and full of deep beef flavor.   The wine list is extensive. ... and the dessert room is just such a unique idea.  It adds the final touch to a an exceptional dining experience.
One of the best places for fine dining in the Tampa Bay area.
Sorry David G. but, I could not disagree with you more.  Your review might be a tad more credible if you did not spell Bern's "Burns" repeatedly throughout your review.  I am 50 years old and a native of Tampa. My first dining experience at Bern's was in 1972 when I was 12 years old.  I have been back many times over the years and have never been disappointed.   btw... For chain restaurants Capital Grille and Shula's are also  excellent but, Charley's is not woth the time or the money.
I'm not a steak eater, but I love the seafood at Bern's. I LOVE the tours of kitchen and wine cellar. Bern's is just a magical place. Great for special occasions. Make your "dessert room" reservation when you arrive and for the love of God, leave room for dessert!
Wow. I've been to Bern's once before, but only to partake in the dessert in the Harry Waugh Dessert Room and it was so long ago, I can't remember particulars. This time, we came for a friend's birthday and I was glad to have the whole experience. First, you pretty much have to valet as the lots get full. Valet is $5, but worth it of course. (Even though I was a little embarrassed that my car was filthy- that's when you make a boyfriend drive so it looks like his car.) Inside, the decor blows me away. It's surreal, like you just walked into a castle or something. When we were taken to our table, we had to walk through passageways which was pretty neat. Our table was located in a small room with only 4 other tables; it was awesome. I thought everything was a la carte at Bern's, but really you can order an entree (steaks) and it comes with French Onion soup (the best I've ever had), Salad (fantastic- I chose the Creamy White Balsamic Italian dressing), onion rings, veggies and a baked potato. Yes! My boyfriend ordered a Delmonico steak and couldn't stop raving about it, but I actually opted for the Chicken Gert (from menu: pan-roasted breast of chicken stuffed with roasted garlic rosemary butter and served with wild mushroom risotto, broccoli rabe and tomato emulsion). The flavors were there and the chicken was super juicy, but it wasn't some of the best chicken I've tasted. After our rowdy table was finished, we started the tour. Even though I had only been to the dessert room before, I have taken the tour and it was just as neat the second time around. You can see the different areas of the kitchen involved in the preparation of your meal from the salads to the breads to the MEATS. After the kitchen tour, you meet up with the wine cellar staff who will walk you through the expansive wine cellar and tell you of some history. We were encouraged to order a $300 bottle of wine but SPOILER ALERT: that didn't happen. Anyway, Bern's has an extensive wine selection and if you take into account the cellar and the warehouse, they have the largest wine selection in the world, jumping into the multi millions! When you are done with the tour, it's time to adventure upstairs for the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. With private booths filling the area, the dessert room is a perfect end to a perfect meal. You can select your music in the booth and even call the piano man, located in another area of the dessert room, to request a song. Side note: After dessert, we went in search of the piano man so we could listen and see the dance floor; it was awesome! For dessert, I order the Almond-flavored Cafe con Leche (fantastico!!) and the Macadamia Nut Sundae. Oh em Gee. This sundae is no joke. I will order this again and again and again. It's one of those items you don't ever see yourself swaying from because you can't imagine anything better. Those who haven't had the full Bern's experience, need to. Of course it's expensive, but my boyfriend, a true steak man, ordered an 8oz Delmonico (he's so frugal sometimes) and it was way bigger than expected and didn't top $40. My Chicken Gert was under $30. Our bill before the dessert room and including tip was $88 and some change. It's not ridiculously priced, even if you get the most expensive steak. You are paying for quality and their service is ridiculously good!
I'm originally from Tampa and now live in Los Angeles.  Most of my favorite places to eat are in LA, but I wouldn't hesitate to put Bern's at the top of my list.  Everything about this place is just excellent.  You may have to wait a bit for your table (even if you have a reservation), so I wouldn't come here if you have plans later in the evening.  Just relax and make a night of it.
I have never been to this restaurant before.  So I Came with Kaia to celebrate her first Sale..  We ordered the delmonico and filet mignon.  The atmosphere for a steakhouse is pretty old school. It feels like you are dining at a  big old mansion. Atmosphere  -  4/5   Although the atmosphere was nice, the setting made it seeing serious and high class style.   However, I noticed little kinks that they have replaced one room with new carpet and the other room still have the old red carpet. It was easily noticeable.  The wall paints and structure were nice, however i was able to notice the dust on their borders and edges of the wall. Although it was dark. I leaned against the near wall , i happened to notice it. Food -  4/5  -  Both steaks were good great.  The seasoning was pretty weak, either you seasoned it or you don't . I was expecting better.  But the cut of the meat was excellent.  The steak was seared evenly and it was nice crispy on the outside.  However, I was not too amazed with the sides,  Mediocre luke warm baked potatoes, and sweet potatoes. It seems like it was sitting in the oven for hours.   Service-  5/5  - Service was amazing, the waiter knew his wines, and he made a great Le Creme pignot recommendation to accommodate my taste.   We took a short tour of the kitchen, winery and the restaurant. We were too stuff to go to the dessert room.  Overall, I guess I was hyped up about this place and it felt short of my expectation. However, I do want to want to come back when it is extremely pack to see how smooth the dinner service is ran and if the quality of food remains the same.   So I will be back again.
Took another visit down to Tampa and of course we had to stop here!  The wife and I enjoyed our anniversary dinner here and we got to tour their awesome wine cellar and kitchen.  The service here is awesome and we could not complain at all.  The server would check on us a few times, make sure we were doing okay, water cups stayed full.  Oh, if you step out to the restroom, expect a fresh napkin on the table when you return.  The server knows the menu inside out, and not to mention their extensive wine list. Now for the food.  I have to say a few things, but these aren't deal breakers, as I've said before, please visit this place if you're in the area and looking for a nice steakhouse. Apps: Tuna Tartare was excellent and I really enjoyed the sesame vinaigrette dressing.  It's also a huge portion, good for sharing but I didn't, ha!  Wifey had the scallops as an appetizer and these were done very well.  Although we requested to have them well done (and butterflied), they were not rubbery or chewy. Main attraction: I got the chateaubriand 7oz this time and I wasn't too impressed, but that's just me on this specific cut.  Still very flavorful and done as requested, medium rare.  Wifey had their special, which was the beef short ribs and risotto or should I say risotto with a side of short ribs?  Let me explain.  This was a HUGE amount of risotto with a portion of already pulled short rib sitting on top and a mound of melted cheeses.  Don't get me wrong, the dish was delicious, but it was way overwhelming when you see this dish.  There are also pieces of short rib in the risotto, but it was just "too much." Finale:  We ended up going upstairs to the dessert room and got one of the signature items, which was the macadamia nut ice cream, which came with a slice of carrot cake.  The macadamia ice cream was okay to me, while the carrot cake, I didn't really enjoy too much.  It had too much zest in it, just not my taste.  Service upstairs is just as awesome though.  I noticed other tables nearby had the flambe going on and that did look tempting. Tips, ask your server for the complimentary tour, we thought it was awesome, especially the wine cellar!!  Another awesome dining experience here.
I never write reviews, but I was compelled to do so after our fabulous dinner at Bern's this past weekend. My husband and I met some friends for dinner, and I have to say that everything was remarkable. I was introduced to some new appetizers that were amazing, the potato chips with crème fresh and the blackened scallops. As I'm not a huge red meat eater, I was pleased to see a great selection of organic chicken and vegetables offered on the menu. I believe that Bern's even has their own garden where they grow most of what the use in the restaurant. It's nice to see someone really understand and support the farm to table movement. The sommelier was able to local some great fins on the wine list, which just added to the enjoyment of the evening.  It goes without saying that Bern's is a must, even if you are a local!
Have been to several steak houses and I must say this is by far my favorite.  This is the only steak house I've been to that includes: soup, salad, fresh veggies and potato with your steak; with others, it's a la carte.  This in itself, to me, makes it worth it.   I usually order the Delmonico steak and it is a to-die-for steak.  It is juicy, tender, full of flavor and if a steak can melt in your mouth - this definitely would.  Not only that, but the sides it comes with are the perfect accompaniment.  For apps, I have tried the Foie Gras (please don't judge) and it was also delicious.  I have tried other steaks here, as well as the scallops, but the Delmonico is what I go for. You will be full after this, but I highly recommend going to the Dessert Room.  Truely, it is gluttony at its best.  But another meal and experience unto itself.  I love dessert and this is the place to go for it.  I will keep going so that I can eventually say I've tried everything on the dessert menu. If you have time, request a tour of the kitchen.  As a fan of kitchen shows, I thought this was interesting. Decor seems unique and this is a definite overall dining "must have" experience.
Legendary. You won't find a better steak.  We've tried them all- Charley's, Morton's, Ruth Chris, and none even come close. Besides the flavor and texture of the meat, Bern's is hands down the best value for your dollar.  All of your sides- an amazing salad, French onion soup, baked potato, crispy onion rings and side vegetables- are included.  And they're fresh from Bern's own farm.  Seriously.  They've been doing organic long before it was trendy. The best wine list I've ever seen, and a great dessert room are just icing on the cake.   Yes, it can be loud depending on which room you're in.  And the service as of late can be a little slow.  But it's so. so. so worth it. Make your reservation a few months in advance.
This isn't about Bern's Steakhouse, but about the dessert room upstairs.  Don't miss this.  We didn't eat at Bern's, but we went straight upstairs for the desserts.   We went on a Thursday night around 6pm and the place was packed.  The restaurant is surrounded by neighborhoods with "no parking" signs in their front yards, so parking in the street isn't an option.  They offer valet but we didn't really care to do that.  We ended up parking down the street near other restaurants and walked about 3 blocks - which made us feel better after we ate all those desserts.   The restaurant has a dress code so plan accordingly.  If you are only going to the dessert room, you are allowed to wear jeans, t-shirts, etc.  We ordered 6 different desserts for 4 of us so we could get a variety.  The Baked Alaska and the Macadamia Nut Sundae are both incredible.   The restaurant itself is a sight to see and you have to walk through it to get up to the dessert room.  It's a cool experience - don't miss it.
Defiantly an experience to be had. I believe it was the presidents room we were in last time. I would recommend this room for a quiet dinner. Know your wine before you go. Also ask for an experienced waiter. There are better steak places but no better experiences. To end the dinner right the desert room is a must! Don't forget to tune into the live piano player.
I really like this restaurant. The food is not bad. I'm particularly fond of their French Onion soup, and the lemonade. They also have a decent selection of Caviars. I must admit I go here for the Dessert Room, and for the chance to dress up extra fancy.
Bern's is always a special treat and our latest visit tonight was no exception. Excellent steaks (among the best, though I agree with the other posters that state there are better ones ones there). Desert was - as usual - the highlight. I too was very put off by the rude crowd at the host stand. you'd think the first contact made when you step in to a place like this would be the start of a great experience. Instead they treat you as if you are riffraff that randomly wandered in. Luckily all that ends once you reach the table and the Bern's experience begins.
This restaurant is an experience . The wine list is amazing. It has the best prices in Florida. The meals are great. 4 different temp description for just rare. A 2 inch thick steak will be cooked perfectly through every inch, perfect grill skills.  The meals all come with everything , soup salads and sides. The veal chop was the best thing I have ever tasted. If you're not a drinker, the restaurant is reasonable bc the meals are complete. That being said... The 5 of us spent 1000. But we ate and drank very well!
This is easily the best and most memorable meal I have EVER had in my life, and I would fly back to Tampa in a heartbeat just to go here again. Oh, it's totally tacky inside. The red velvet decor says "bordello" more than "classy steakhouse." But oh my god, it is so good! The service is perfect. It's attentive and on top of things without being cloying or obnoxious. The food is incredibly fresh and the steak (we had chateaubriand) melted in my mouth. I have never had steak this good in my life! The wine list is unbelievable. After dinner, we did the tour, which was equally amazing and worth it. Then we went upstairs and had dessert. I feel like words are inadequate, but this place must be tried just once in your life, because it's a truly unique experience and it's just amazing food. Expensive? Hell yes. Worth it? HELL YES!
The food was amazing and the ambiance was extraordinary! Loved the tour of the wine cellar... And the best part on to the dessert room!
By far one of the most unique and coolest restaurants we have ever been to! A must visit if you have not been there before and make sure you take the tour...well worth it. Looking at the outside of the place you would never guess how nice the inside is! Amazing! Oh and do visit the dessert room. Food is fantastic but pricey. Definitely a place for a special occasion.
Decided to check Bern's out based on recommendations.  Expectations going in were pretty high.  My mind was prepared to splurge and enjoy the experience.  From start to finish, was not disappointed.  Our server was excellent, the tour of kitchen and wine cellar was definitely interesting.  Pacing of the food was perfect.  Everything came out at just the right time so we got to enjoy each dish. Since it was our first time there, we leaned very heavily on the server's recommendations.  Caesar Salad was very good and prepared table side.  French Onion Soup was delicious too.  We both had the Filet Mignon, definitely above average.  I think the best dish we had was the appetizer, grilled shrimp.  They were the juiciest/plumpest shrimps I've ever had.  Hands down the best shrimp I've ever tasted.  Highly recommend it! Capped it off with great tasting desserts in the dessert room upstairs (We had the "Taste of Bern's (Sampler)" and the "Macadamia Nut Sundae".  Not too sweet and tasted very light. It can be pricey (approx. $100/per person).  But I think it was fair for the food/experience.  Plus its not something we'd be going out to every night.
Bern's has no equal.  There is nothing like it, anywhere.   We go at least once or twice a year and everytime we remember why we love it so much.  The steak is absolute perfection and the salad is made with the freshest ingredients.  You get a huge amount of food for an extremely reasonable price.  Every time we go I don't eat the whole day in anticpation.  If we lived a bit closer, we would go just for dessert more often.  The bananas foster are perfect.
The service is FANTASTIC! The setting Phenomenal! The Steak... You simply will NOT find one better.  (some may argue CUT in Beverly Hills... they are WRONG). I would say this is the finest dining experience you can have in America (unless you're a vegetarian, then just go to the dessert room and it will still be one of the tops). I do not mean to insinuate it is a "cheap" meal, because it is not, plan on a couple hundred per head, but the value cannot be surpassed for the entire experience! And that's what this is, an experience, it is not just a meal.  From the moment you walk in the door, to the preparation, to the tour (be sure to request it) to the dessert room... I can't wait to go back!!!
Set in a residential area, this converted house to restaurant screams decor straight from Clue the board game. The entrance contains a velvet seated throne and large pictures of seemingly important individuals who at one time probably made killer steaks or were famous winos.  Either way, they are important staples to the experience at Bern's. Oddly enough, the food was good up to the steak which was sub-par. The meat quality was decent although probably not as aged as some other steak houses, and the flavor was a little dull. So why the 5 stars? Bern's is an eating experience to behold. From the rich and somewhat strange decor,  to the after dinner kitchen/wine cellar tour (if it's your first time, you have to do it!) to the dessert seating upstairs, it's a 5 star knock-out if you want to impress a date or even your snobby, rich, multiple marriage, amateur wine connoisseur of an uncle. They have an amazing wine collection which is documented in a book that is thicker than your average chemistry book and it houses one of the largest private collections of wine in the world. Also, after dinner, there is an exclusive dessert eating area with private booths equipped with old-fashioned looking music selectors. You essentially press a button and that type of music plays from your booth. What to get? Macadamian nut ice cream. Holy crap. It's like Donald Trump made this thing. "My ice cream is the best in the world. I hand made this ice cream with my bare hands. I imported the finest Parisian chocolate and added my special blend of hand picked macadamian nuts, and you're fired!" Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
Love, love, love this place!  From the steaks downstairs to the desserts upstairs.  When in Tampa this is a must if you have the time.
This isn't a restaurant it's a unique culinary experience not to be missed. I am not going to write a review because I can not write a better one than Doug G. I will add that Bern's is opening a hotel across from the restaurant called the Epicurean managed by Marriot and will have chefs from around the world giving classes on preparing some of the best dishes known.
Great restaurant for that high-class atmosphere. Food is too pricey, slightly overrated (which means its great, but not "to die for"). Dessert room - that is to die for. Wine - take the tour (yes, they have their own tour) and see the whole cellar. Impeccable service with white glove servers.
Overall, this is a very good restaurant. The food is expertly prepared and there is more variety than most places. The wine list is fabulous, and it is not overpriced. There is a lot of value in the pricing for the quality you get, both in the wine and the food. This could easily be a 5-star review with better seating and a waiter that made just a smidgen more effort. Here is the long story: Crimson and gold leaf. The entry decor is a little kitschy and overwhelming, but when you see it, you know you are in for an "experience". We were seated right near the service entrance for the kitchen in a back dining room. I submit there should not have been a table there at all. Too busy for the diner's comfort. The room was noisy, too. This is not a romantic restaurant. The older waiter was knowledgeable, but gruff and seemed tired of his job. I selected a Faivley Burgundy for our meal and asked for it early so it could be opened to breathe. The waiter came back and said, "the wine steward went down to the cellar to get your selection, but that bin was empty. Sorry." Then he walked away. Really? A fine-dining establishment with sommeliers on the floor, 100,000 bottles just steps away and that's your answer? "Sorry"? He should have offered help. So, when the waiter came back around, I asked for a sommelier to help me choose another good bottle in my price range. (That's what sommeliers do. If you've never asked for help from a somm, please give yourself that experience. A good somm will never try to upsell you, they will just enhance your experience at the price you want.) When he came to the table, he flipped through the pages of Burgundies, looking at price, just like I would, which made me wonder. He offered another option, from Romanee-Conti, but I knew it was not a great vintage and it was older, so I worried about it being "done". He went back to the cellar and checked the original bin again. It was confirmed empty, but by then he had gotten his sea legs and offered two more good options and the very sound reasons he recommended them. I selected one and both my husband and I were extremely pleased with the choice and the somm's recommendations. I had foie gras that was stellar. My husband had a bowl of lobster bisque that was the best I've ever tasted. We did a 2" Delmonico for two that was perfectly done at medium rare. People mention the crust on the steak at this place....amazing. The accompaniments to the meal were nicely done as well. At one point in the service, the waiter reached over my husband's plate to place something because he did not want to walk around the busy end of the small table to do it right. He apologized as he did it, but it was another fine-dining no-no and speaks again of the poor placement of our table. I think service is part of the experience and Bern's makes a big point of its expert service. I was expecting more from a professional waiter. That and the "sorry" episode made us laugh and we had fun with it, but comedy is not really what I want in high-end service. We went to the very unique dessert room for an in-cask experience. There was live piano music and there is a dance floor, though no one was dancing that night. There are many dessert wines and others that are not considered "dessert" but are fine accompaniments to dessert from which to choose. I had a Beerenauslese Riesling and my husband had an Armagnac from 1918. This is a great reason to go to a restaurant with a deep and wide wine list. You could not buy this from a retail shelf anywhere. Both were wonderful, but obviously, the 95 year old brandy was the star of that show. We accompanied the brandy with a salted caramel parfait. Perfect.
Can I just say, Dessert room. Enough Said! This is truly about the experience, great for anniversaries, romantic dinners, and birthdays. It is truly intimate, try the Bern's Cappuccino. The French onion soup is also to die for, if you order there house wine, it is an array of wines that were leftover from the previous night. It is an explosion of different reds-- like a burst of grapes. :) Also, get Steak, you are at a steakhouse. Leave the stuffed chicken for another restaurant, or just never eat stuffed chicken unless you have a preset menu somewhere :)
Overall a great experience.  The ambiance is really nice and the service is fantastic.   The steak was pretty good.......I think I still prefer the filet from Charley's though.....  My girlfriend loves the tableside caesar salad although I am not a salad fan myself.   The wine list is VERY large (so is their cellar LOL) so take advantage of a nice wine. By far the best experience is the Harry Waugh desert room.  If you go for dinner, you must go up and have desert!  Every single desert is to die for!  I prefer the macadamia nut sundae or bananas foster.  The after dinner/desert drinks and wine list are extensive.  My girlfriend enjoyed a port that was recommended by our server and I had the cafe berns (with liquer).   Overall, this is a place to come over and over again but only on special occassions.....  Its quite spendy.
Wonderful evening. No more expensive than other steak houses yet they make the evening special. Waiters are attentive and knowledgable, the tour of the kitchen and wine cellar a real plus and the desserts upstairs a real treat. Oh, and the entrees, wine and cocktails all superb. Do not miss out on this Tampa treasure.
I love this place, and it makes you feel like you are in a Mob Movie.
As always, a great steak, fabulous service.  The girl they have taking reservations should get a personality and be more friendly but I ignored that rudeness knowing how great the food and service would be. If you want a great cocktail - like an old school cocktail you wouldn't normally order from the 18 year old behind your local bar - then this is the place to order it.   It's hard to screw Gin & Tonic up but this was one of the best I've had in so long - right measurements, proper glass - very nice.   Steak - Divine, the sommelier was very knowledgeable and picked us some very memorable wines.  Service - impeccable.  Dessert Room - delicious as always. This is one of the last great "Old Tampa" institutions left and if you haven't ever tried it - you simply must. We made a weekend road trip of it with friends and had such a great time.
One word, WOW!!! The best dining experience I have ever had. The most amazing service, wine  list and  desserts!  Just go. You won't be disappointed.
Thanks TJT, for your helpful review! - Dress code, check - Cool with the price, check - Reservation, not needed I love casual dining, and usually try to avoid and stay away from 'fancy' places that make me incredibly uncomfortable and out of place: Bern's Steak House is definitely one I would categorise into the latter. One Sunday evening, I was debating whether to go there or just get a double scoop ice cream in a waffle cone from a local ice creamery. The "dress code" was holding me back, as the mere thought of 'dressing up for dessert' made me squirm, because we intended to come here only for dessert, hence no reservation required. Anyhow, we got there and within five minutes of making it to downstairs reception, were led to our booth .... in the piano room!!!  Long story short, we got King Midas -carrot cake and a scoop of macadamia nut ice cream with dark chocolate garnish- and the five ice cream/sorbet sampler, which consequently turned out to be a dud. King Midas is awesome, and just as pictured here. The only thing is, on the menu description it said it comes with hot fudge, but when server -Will- brought it to us hot fudge was nowhere to be seen. Upon inquiring, the server then, and only then, conceded that the menu was incorrect. Would have been nice for him to let us know upfront, but no biggie, as we did get hot fudge upon request. For the sampler, we picked 3 flavours of sorbet and 2 of ice cream, and I highly recommend Brazilian Snow and Banana Caramel ice cream! The piano man -pictured- was good entertainment, and made up for the disappointing sampler plate. Would we go back? Sure, and I'd definitely get King Midas again.
The gold standard and then some!   PROs - amazing steaks with exact preparation - chateau briande for two - don't pass it up, it doesn't get any better - 100,000 wines on-site, backstock of 900,000 across the street - great wine prices - the benefits of buying old wine when it was new - wine label presentation on a card - very nice touch - all meals include salad, bread, small onion soup and veggie - knowledgeable and attentive waitstaff - waiters who aren't afraid to challenge diners to try new food and wine - the dessert room upstairs (save room!) - the kitchen and wine cellar tour - don't miss it - relaxed, unhurried atmosphere - great for a special occassion or business dinner - cheap valet parking CONs - cheesy olde world decor, but central to the charm - no winelist online - need it to avoid having to spend a half hour wading through the monster wine book before dinner (not list) A must visit in Tampa.  Worthy of a regular pilgrimage!
Absolutely fantastic.  Make sure to get the wine cellar tour and kitchen tour and don't forget to visit the dessert room.  You won't be disappointed.
Holy Moly!  Bern's is not a dinner it is an experience.  I don't usually eat at fancy and expensive places but I had to try Bern's after I heard a few friends talk about it.  It was fabulous!  The food was amazing obviously, but the atmosphere and vibe was even better.  I felt like I was in the 1930's for some reason.  The kitchen tour was great, highly recommend that.  And don't miss the desert room!! That was my favorite part.  The desert menu is a little overwhelming but you'll be OK.  Enjoy!
Highest praise. Pick a superlative feature: ambiance - absolutely, mystique -yes, taste - unimaginable detail. Dessert here is sublime. Try the dessert flights and Bern coffee.
I had to travel to the Tampa area on business recently and a friend told me that I HAD to try this place. He was not kidding, quite literally one of the best meals I have ever had. When we pulled up and saw the place, I have to admit I was really skeptical. It is in an area that is more residential than retail and is the place does not present as a fancy dining establishment. The interior is pretty busy. This place seems to try too hard to present itself as a fancy type of place, lots of oil on canvas paintings of mid-1800's people and scenes etc. It is a little dark in places. We had a 5 o'clock reservation on a Sunday evening (which we booked that afternoon). We got seated pretty much  at 5PM. We had already looked at the menu and had an idea of what we wanted so ordering was pretty straight forward. The wine list is quite extensive and our waiter seemed very knowledgeable helping my girlfriend pick a glass to have with dinner. The waiter (who I was expecting to be stuffy) ended up being pretty outgoing and funny trading jokes with us and making some funny comments here and there. We got the chateaubriand for two. It was a 17 ounce cut  ($78). They trim all of the fat out so you get 17 ounces of pure meat. The meal came with (for each of us) a bowl of French Onion soup, a small garden salad, a baked potato and vegetable. The soup was excellent, the salad was fresh and the homemade creamy italian dressing was outstanding. The baked potato was very good as were the vegetables (carrots and asparagus) Now before I get to the steak, let me first say I spent four years living in the midwest and another year in Texas and have been to some pretty fine steakhouses. I've had some very well prepared aged cuts of beef before. The steak here was easily one of the best I've ever had. definitely top 3. It was cooked to perfection. It was extremely tender and cooked just the way I like it (warm pink with a tad bit of red center). It almost melted in your mouth. It was a pleasure to enjoy, a true dining experience. After dinner, we were invited to tour the kitchen and wine cellar. The kitchen is truly an impressive operation, a lot of food comes out of there and it seems to be quite an efficient operation. The wine cellar was very impressive, I think they said they had over 30,000 bottles in the cellar, including some very old (1830's if I recall) bottles. It is the largest private collection of wine in the world. We were then brought upstairs o their dessert dining area. Desert was great. They had a very impressive collection of port wines and scotch/whiskey to partake in up there as well. The total damage all said was about $120 after tip for the meal and another $30 for dessert. Not a cheap dinner by any standard but really a huge bargain when you consider the quality of the meal. A similar meal in Boston, NYC or Chicago would have cost you $200 easy (less dessert). If I am ever back in the area I will definitely be going back.
Excellent food and service. We went to Bern's for a romantic night about a week after our wedding. I have been so excited to try this place since moving to FL. I have to eat gluten-free and Bern's was very accommodating. They made me special French onion soup, salad dressing and fried onions that were all gluten-free. I had the chateaubriand and my husband had a Delmonico steak. Everything was cooked to perfection! After dinner we went to the dessert room and it did not disappoint! Will definitely be back for my birthday!
I've been to Bern's a handful of times and every time I'm pleased with the outcome.  The service is always impeccable.  Excellent steaks.  LOVE the french onion soup and the onion strings.  The wine menu is the largest you will EVER find.  The rooms are...unique. :)  The prices really are reasonable for a nice steakhouse. Nothing ends the night like the special dessert room.  Go ahead and splurge. You won't regret it!
Review spoiler: Go to the Outback for dinner, then Bern's for dessert. There are 2 things that can allow a restaurant to charge crazy money for dinner and get away with it - one is incredible food and service, the other is hype. At this point Bern's is 100% hype. Example: They claim to have the largest selection of wine IN THE WORLD with over 500,000 bottles in the cellar, but why? Probably 90% of these bottles have been in the cellar since day 1, and they will still be in the cellar 20 years from now. Being from NY I have eaten at every truly great steakhouse in NYC and Long Island, and I consider myself somewhat of a fine-dining connoisseur. We went to Bern's on a Sunday night and had high hopes because we knew this was probably the best Tampa has to offer. We ordered the spicy tuna as an appetizer and it was good... in the same way that any appetizer on the menu at Chili's or Friday's is good. You take a bite and say "Mmmm that's good." After all, how hard is it to slice a hunk of raw tuna and put it on a plate? The French Onion Soup that comes with every dinner was also good. But have you ever had bad French Onion Soup? It's always good! I didn't like the salad all that much, although the vanilla macadamia nut dressing was interesting. Dinner time... I ordered a 10oz NY Strip with a crab cake. Ahh the crab cake. I felt like throwing this thing at the fucking wall, it was truly that disgusting. It smelled like low tide on the beach in Brooklyn and if I had to guess I would say they took canned crab, mixed it with mayo, flattened it out and put it on the plate. Let's try the steak, shall we? Dry-aged for 2 months, that's what makes it ok to charge $50 for a steak that they paid $5 for wholesale... they put it on a shelf in a room for 2 months. It's also what's supposed to make this steak better than any steak on the planet, but it just doesn't. Don't get me wrong, the steak was... good. But if I blind-folded you and gave you a bite of this $50 piece of meat and then a bite from the NY strip at the Outback, I guarantee you would not be able to tell the difference. And as a matter of fact, depending on whether or not you like spices etc. used while your steak is grilling, you will like the Outback steak much more. Mine was surprisingly tough given all that dry-aging hype, but hey, the pile of onion rings was pretty good. We went upstairs to the Harry Waugh room for dessert. It's pretty cool up there with private, enclosed little booths and a radio built into the wall that you can control. The menu is great; I had the Dulce De Leche liquid center cake and loved it. So, $100 per person for dinner with $85 being pure hype and $15 being an OK steak that you can get anywhere, $2.25 every time they re-fill your diet coke, and a mysterious 12% "service charge" added to your bill. Seriously though, you have a steak on the menu for $200 and you're gonna nickel and dime me for every soda? Scroll up and read the spoiler again. This place doesn't come close to living up to the hype.
Bern should be glad that he did not see whatt has happened to his creation tonight.  I have been many times over the 33 years that I have lived in Tampa and horrendous does even begin to describe the experience. When we arrived we were seated in the bar where a "waiter" finally noticed us.  He took our order for a bottle of wine and brought three glasses.  Then some one appeared with a take out order and he disappeared.   Luckily we were seated at a table in the bar where we had the misfortune of meeting another waiter named Phil.  He like wise promised our wine and wine crackers yet disappeared for an inordinate amount of time.  He stopped by twice with awkward explanations as to his lack of attentive service.   When I found a "manager" he simply told me to sit down.  After another long delay Phil reappeared more oblivious to the situation than ever.   Food was good not great bread was stale. The final insult was the automatic 12 percent tip.  Trust me when I tell you that the ONLY choice in the bar is AT the bar with Marco.
Eating at Bern's isn't just about getting a delicious steak, it's about the experience. The decor is no less than tacky, but it's been that way since it opened. The wait staff is excellent and knowledgeable about the best way to order your steak. The meal is long and each course is better then the next. You can't eat dinner here without reserving a table in the Harry Waugh dessert room where you eat in hollowed out wine barrels. After dinner take the wine cellar tour that ends at the dessert room and you've seen it all. Don't be turned off by the price, or the interior. You'll enjoy the experience and you'll get a wonderful meal to top it off!
From the ambiance to the selection, this place is perfection for desserts! Try their Bern's coffee-not to be missed!
This is an institution and if you regard it as such when you walk in then you shouldn't be disappointed.  If you want to dine here at a good time, make sure you book at least a week in advance; otherwise, you'll get stuck with either a late or early dinner.  You can even get lucky sometimes and score peak time reservations the day before if there is a cancellation.   The staff at Bern's go through years of training just to be able to serve it's guests, and the effort they put into this place as a whole makes it something very special. The professionalism from every worker at Bern's is unmatched. Bern's has "the most" interesting and largest wine list in the world (over 500,000 total bottles worth an estimated $100MM) Prices start at $35 a bottle to upwards of $30K (Yes, $30,000). Ask for a tour of the wine cellar to see for yourself. During my most recent visit, I ordered the 14oz Delmonico ribeye, perfectly cooked medium rare with a cool pink center and a nice crust. With every steak you get soup, salad, vegetable medley, onion rings & a baked potato.  The bowl of French onion soup - good portion, very hearty, perfect consistency.  Salad was fresh & delicious. Overall, an excellent experience! The staff was fantastic, knowledgable, attentive, without any pretension at all. PS. You have to save room for dessert to experience your own private dessert room.
YUM! The steak was delicious, the sides were yummy, and the dessert ROOM is to die for! I would say the dessert room alone is the best part of Berns. It's so cool to have your own little booth with music and a massive dessert menu to choose from. The desserts that I have tried were all delicious.
I honestly probably cannot state it any better then any reviews that are already written with 5 stars. This place is absolutely amazing and like no other place I have ever been. The service, food and ambiance is unlike any other.
You have stumbled upon, in my opinion, the jewel of Tampa. Bern's Steakhouse is a non-de-script building just on the east side of the famed 'So-Ho' district. You would easily pass the establishment up if you were not keen to its location, or its lore. The prices are steep, but justified. You will be hard pressed to find finer staff, service and ingredients in the same location anywhere in the state. I remember my first time walking through the restaurant and the only word that kept creeping into my mind was 'Mafia'. The appointments to the walls, tables, chairs - the ambience and decor is complete and absolute (two distinct traits). My 'ace in the hole' at Bern's is use of their 'Dessert Room'. They do not take reservations in the Dessert Room, and if you dine at Bern's restaurant you have first priority at the Dessert Room, but I have never had to wait longer then 2 minutes to be accommodated. The dessert room is a configuration of various private and semi private booths with live piano music permitting the air. Everything on the menu is prepared in-house and I won't go on too much longer - this place must be experienced to be appreciated. Special note - order the Bern's Cappuccino, you'll be very happy you did.
AMAZING. Took my girlfriend here for her birthday and she said it's one of her top 2 culinary experiences. That's saying a lot as she loves restaurants and traveling. In particular, we liked the ample descriptions on the menu about their meats, vegetables, etc. It was so inviting that my vegetarian (going on 8yrs) girlfriend ate a steak and loved it. After dinner we did the kitchen and cellar tours - a nice touch but not as intimate as the dinner. Then we went to the dessert room and that was a real treat. A private booth next to the piano man and some tasty desserts ended a new perfect dining experience. On the service: probably some of the best if not the best I've had in the world.
My last review was a Meh, I've had better but we went back a few nights ago and huzzah. We got there before it was really packed, we didn't have a reservation but we were seated almost immediately. I ordered the the largest filet Mignon (12oz) medium rare, it was fantastic the inside was pink the outside had a very nice char to balance the flavor. I had a Manhattan on the rocks which was very strong (not complaining just sipped it really slow) and then a Amaretto Stone Sour after dinner which was also good. The french onion soup was great, Still not raving over it but the the filet this time was perfect, a much better experience all around. My husband was happy, huge plus for me, thank you Bern's! I'm still sticking to having the restaurant redecorated. One reviewer had it right, when you walk through the doors it absolutely feels like you're in a huge bordello waiting room and then turn around into the tiny bar area. Other than that, great wine list and (for me) the bartenders know their cocktails. Looking forward to going back.
This place is really great.  Yes, it is expensive, but not for what you get. Here is what comes with your steak: 1. French onion soup (my husband claims the best he's ever had) 2. A salad 3. Onion rings 4. Baked potato 5. veggies The veggies are grown in their own garden. That isn't bad for $35-40/person The steak was great.  We went with a steak-eating friend who has been to all of Chicago's finest steak establishments...and I think Bern's beat them out! We all had 10oz and it was too much with all of the other food. We also ordered the Mac and Cheese. I didn't think it was that great.  Plus, there is so much other food.   Our friend ordered caesar and they make it at your table--they do a crazy garlic chop and then chop and combine with the anchovies.  Then they let it sit for a while. Then they add lemon juice and let it sit for a while. Then they add oil and let it sit for a while. Then they add the cheese and lettuce. Next comes your steak. You order it by weight, thickness, and how you want it cooked (cold-rare, rare, warm-rare, warm-rare with crust, etc, etc). A 10 oz steak was too much for me. After you pay they take you on a tour through the kitchen and wine cellar (the cellar has 100,00 wines). Last, they bring you to the dessert floor (it is upstairs) where you are seated in an individual booth--a cute little cubby--that has a music box where you pick the kind of music, including, among others, a station broadcasting the live music they have in another room.  Dessert was really, really good. My husband had a cookie souffle -- which is exactly what it sounds like. It came out in a little ramekin and was so good. They make their ice cream from scratch and it was sooo good.  I had a lava cake.  Actually, I think it was the best I've had because it had dulce de leche  in the center along with the chocolate. Plus, it came with the most delicious vanilla ice cream that sat on top of a bed of shaved chocolate. So, dessert was excellent.
One of the best steakhouses in America, and the largest private wine collection in the world, not to mention attended by the who's who of Tampa and around the world.  This is a must not miss in Tampa Bay.  My flight touched down and 30 minutes later I was sitting in the Bern's dining room with great company, there's nothing more to ask for. Also the fact that you can order a Lafite Rothschild here?! Simply mind blowing.  This was actually my second time dining at Bern's, the first was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had, and the only time I have had a waiter properly decant a wine (according to Andrea Immer Robinson). Now onto the dining experience... I had the Sonoma Cutter Russian River Chardonnay to start -- and was surprised because they served it to me at room temperature, instead of chilled down, but hey it was a Tuesday night so I'll let it slide and wont dock them for it.  They did chill it down at my request though ;) Ordered the 10 ounce filet mignon medium rare which came with lightly fried onion rings, eggplant medley, baked potato, french onion soup and salad.  We had the Cuvaison red wine since they were out of the Prisoner Napa Valley.  Honestly, the prices are not bad at all -- $40 for the steak and $60 for the wine -- considering all of that is a la carte in DC. Now onto the dessert room... My friend and I were surprised that they didn't have any more than 1 champagne by the glass on their menu, but we ordered the one they had and it was fine.  Needless to say I don't remember what it was, darn it! I thought that I remember the dessert choices being a little lengthier than 2 pages, but maybe they cut down on that.  I had to have the Macadamia Nut Sundae because it was listed as "the best sundae in the world" -- now how can you say no to that?!  Yes the macadamias were amazing, but there were not enough!  My friend said I did do a good job of castrating the nuts though :)  He ordered the creme brulee which was one of the best I've had -- the perfect balance between rich, sweet, creamy interior and caramelized top.  My other friend got the apple pie which was amazing too.  Basically you can't go wrong with anything here!
I'm sorry to say it, but please don't go to Bern's. Absolutely NOT worth the money. Not, not, not.  Sub- par pseudo-professional service.  Soup; OK.  Salad; OK. Ambiance/atmosphere; OK. Steak; just barely OK, baked potato with "the works"; barely OK, "vegetable" (grated carrots with something sweet on them) not really even OK.  Martini; OK, Wine; actually good and a fair price---there are good finds there on the meant-to-intimidate list.  Awkward waiter spilling salad dressing on my aunt's jacket and then spraying it with smelly stain remover; not OK.  Bringing the bill after a very long time since we finished our entrees with NO offer of coffee or dessert or asking if we wanted the check; NOT OK.  I asked for an espresso and was able to get it, but was very disappointed in it as it was poorly made.  Overall, nothing was awful, nothing was great.  I would never recommend that anyone pay what they're charging for the experience. I don't know, maybe this is the best experience of its type available in Tampa.  In that case, I'd say save your money and go to a really good steakhouse another time somewhere else.
