Our home away from home in Apollo Beach. We lived near the Manatee Center for 3 years and my kids and I NEVER tired of visiting. The hum of the smoke stacks generating electricity, the smell of the steel in the air and the Tampa Bay marine life were all mesmerizing. The small but very educational inside area always was visited with zest by all; puzzles, memory games, bones, and the bike game. We never tired of walking the deck like paths out to the water. Not only manatees but shark, stingray, birds and other fish were always visable. And of last but not least, the gift shop. Over time, we purchased many a souvenier- some of which we still use or play with often. Love and miss the Manatee Center.
We drove over today from Sarasota and it is closed. Opens again November 1 to April 1. Call ahead before you head over. Also the road is closed but ends right at the entrance if you come in off Apollo  Beach Blvd and Dickman Rd.
Interesting exhibit. Well done. Unfortunately the weather was too warm when we went and there were very few manatees when we went.
Good place to bring kids during cooler time of year.  You can see lots of manatees and other fish and wildlife. Has a small learning center and gift shop. Also has a snack bar for food and drinks. They arengoing to be expanding in near future so it should be getting better with time too. I believe the florida aquarium is tied into new project. Also entry is free, another reason its nice for family.
Food for the spirit: nature! This is a great place to visit in the Winter, for kids and adults! This place made me want to buy a nice camera and spend the whole day capturing nature and the contrasting Gotham city style power plant that sponsors this center. The warm water that comes from the electric plant attracts manatees and other water friends who are not shy to put a good show for you. I saw dozens of manatees today, some were lazy, some were athletes, but they all looked like big Idaho potatoes. There were spinning sharks and rays jumping high (4 -5 feet above the water) and that was fun to watch, as it was the kids around showing the excitement that most adults (including myself) were containing proudly. There is a lot of information at the center on local animals (birds, fish, insects, etc.), renewable energy, energy in general; there's a gift shop and a small cafeteria. The place is well maintained. I enjoyed the scenery,  the mangroves and the water, the family environment, and it's very nice that there isn't an admission fee so everybody can come and learn. It was crowded, but I was able to park in the relatively small parking lot without difficulty. I am not aware of any other place where you can see non-captive wildlife with ease and safety. Everybody should come to this place at least once! (make sure is a cold day).
This place is fantastic if you live in the area, and still very good if you're visiting from out of town.  Coming from Tampa?  PROTIP - don't stop in Gibsonton.   Us Gulf-side Floridians know the manatee drill, but for you out of towners, come on days when it's cold (60s is cold down here, and stop blathering about the snow where you're from) or right after if you want to see the cows.  The wooden pier-boardwalk area gets crowded quick, but it's well worth it.  The north end overlooks a very shallow area where you'll almost always see sharks, if you're tired of looking at manatees.  And be sure to check directly under the pier too!  Ever seen a 9-foot tarpon?  He's closer than you think. The 900 foot walkway goes through classic gulf coast coastal berm area, Koppen classification Cfa (finally, my enviro degree put to good use!), so you'll see mangroves, fiddler crabs, and probably some birds.  There are marsh hares there too, but you probably won't see them.  The walkway goes out to the discharge canal, so keep your eyes open.  Eagle rays and spinner sharks jump out of the water relatively frequently.  Tarpon, jack, and sheepshead are common.  You may even see a manatee, go figure. Yes, we know there's a power plant there, and yes, we know the loudspeakers spout propaganda.  But all this stuff is completely free, so pipe down.   Open 11/1 - 4/15.  The place gets EXTREMELY busy around the holidays, so get there early for parking.  And say hi to me!  I'm there all the time.
This was such an awesome experience for an Adventures by Jen day and even better, it's FREE! You heard me right. It's free. This is a spot where the warm waters of the TECO plant welcome in the manatees so TECO stepped up and made it a protected area. And it's not just a little boardwalk to look and see but actually 2 boardwalk viewing areas, an educational center, gift shop, concession stand and fun picture spots where you stick your head in for photo ops! You can also press a penny (we collect those so a bonus for us!), stand in a hurricane simulation for a small fee, listen to a docent tell you about the manatees, reconstruct a manatee skeleton and more. And don' t think you'll only see manatees. Keep your eyes open for birds, fish, crabs and sharks. We saw them all. Today the manatees weren't super close but I will say there had to be 100 of them in the area. Check it out!  It's free.
Manatees are hands down my favorite animals. Growing up, I used to visit them at the Vero Beach power plant on the east coast of Florida. Going to the Apollo Beach plant to see the mermaids here was like a taste of the past. There are two main areas to view the manatees: a long boardwalk reaching in to the bay, where you can (supposedly) see them up close, and an elevated viewing area further in where you can look down from afar. Unfortunately, on the day we visited, the manatees were only visible from the upper viewing area. We looked for at least a half hour on the main boardwalk before giving up. Kind of a disappointment, but we still got to see them from a distance so that was nice. Their little bobbing heads and flippers are so adorable. Such beautiful and peaceful animals that we as humans are obligated to not just respect but protect! As for the facility, it was nice. Mostly outdoors and not shaded. Interesting view of the smoke stacks AKA pollution machines. They also had a food area and gift shop. I'm not a fan of TECO at all, so I didn't give them any money in that regard, because who knows where it goes. They are very shady and we pay enough already with our power bills and deposits. If you're looking to support manatee conservation, join/donate instead to the Save the Manatee Club, a national nonprofit.
Having spent the night in Tampa after visiting Dinosaur World the previous day, I decided to ask the hotel concierge if there any sights to see that she could recommend before driving back home to Miami Beach that evening, and she recommended the Manatee Viewing Center.  Best part? It's free, she said, so I decided to head over here with my daughter, thinking she'd love it. The place was packed, and we excitedly ran up to the viewing platform.  She was scared about the menacing smoke stacks, and asked about the pollution caused by the smoke being released into the sky and environment, and I agreed, that they did look threatening but apparently are not, if the instructional materials in their educational center/museum are to be believed.   Anyway, I guess we just were not very lucky in our manatee-sighting adventure, we could see little mounds about 60-100 feet away, but after being there about an hour, we only saw one or two of them come close to the viewing area before they swam away and still, they weren't close enough for us to see their faces, so I was a bit disappointed, as looking at the Yelp pictures, I can say we did not get to enjoy those crowded manatee sights.  We did see tons of crabs all walking in the same direction, like a big wave back and forth, so I guess that made up for the lack of manatees... She did enjoy the educational center, with their puzzles and a videogame where you must pedal a bike to make a manatee swim around boats without running into them.  She made a few friends and she also enjoyed the gift shop, where I bought her a mood ring, something she found fascinating.  We also got a free manatee coloring book with our purchase, which was nice. I saw the butterfly garden from the boardwalk as we approached the educational center, but it did not impress me enough to stop there, it wasn't enclosed so if there were any butterflies, they weren't contained.  After being in contained butterfly gardens where there are 100s of them, I knew this place could not compare and it would disappoint so I didn't bother.  However, I must have missed the birding trail 900-foot walkway from the center to the Tampa Bay Estuary that another reviewer mentioned here.  I guess I might have seen some wildlife and some nice sights, but I had no idea there was anything more than the viewing platform, museum/educational center, and gift shop.  They ought to have more descriptive signs that state what there is to see and where to go! Oh well, next time, perhaps...
The name is pretty self explanatory here.  Its the place to view manatees!  During the fall and winter, they are here.  The warm water coming out of the power is like florida to the northeners.  They can bask in the warm waters.  The center is really great, prefect size for quick trip, and no over the top feeling of zoo or too commercial feel.  This is just a nice stop. The viewing area is a elevated boardwalk and about 300 ft of walking over river.  You perch about 10-15 feet over water.  The gentle giants below numbered about a dozen today.  There was at least one (Someone else and I thought two) baby.  They pretty much hang out and move about every 5-10 minutes to get a breathe of air. Yes there is a educational area (museum?, not really), a gift shop (hey shot glass, coffee mugs, and t-shirt help save the manatees - get out the credit card and chip in), and a hurricane simulator (don't get connection to manatees, but its free).   It was about 50 minutes from St Pete Beach, but well worth trip.  You can see the whole thing in about an hour, if you look the manatees in the face you're screwed and will be on boardwalk for an hour and spend all kinds of money in gift shop.  Seriously, its a great stop.
This was a bit of a drive from north tampa area but so worth it if the manatee cooperates. We had a cold front. For floridians this means 70 degrees. Brrrrr. People showed up in their winter coats and long pants. A rare sight indeed. But that was a pretty sure sign that our 45 min drive to a power plant was going to pay off. The sea cows greeted us by the dozen. They came up out of the water to pose for the camera. Tarpon were literally flying and spinning up out of the water too quick to catch on camera. There was a small educational center with some interactive games to learn the abc's of manatee and a tidal walkway to stretch your legs and spot birds along the mangroves. The requisite gift shop with save the manatee theme with all the souvenirs you could imagine. Great place to bring newbies to florida or if you've always wanted to see manatee in their natural habitat.
Great fun for the entire family. Educational and fun at the same time. The colder the air the more manatees you will see. January and February have always been the busiest, but also when the most manatees are visiting.
If you're looking for something to do in the Tampa area and don't have much money this is a prefect outing for the family. Free Parking, Free entry and a lot of nature to enjoy.  However, I was a little shocked to see the HUGE power plant.  I was just as amused by the close-up view of that monstrosity.
Clear cut reasons for the 5-star rating.... * It's a wonderfully created area to view the Manatees * Has a little museum like building to learn more about Manatees * IT'S FREE!!! * Great view, even of the smoke stack of the electric plant * Free parking * Great for kids * Great for adults * snack bar available * clean restrooms * Picture-cut-out areas (who doesn't want to put their face in place of a Manatee???) * and ELEPHANTS OF THE SEA (aka Manatees)!!! Seriously, was so glad to have found/located this place on my short 1/2 day in the Tampa Bay area.  Check it out.  There won't always be Manatees to see, but check the board (near the snack bar) to get an idea how your time there might end up (with some sightings or not)
A great way to spend the day.  Just be sure to go on a colder day for maximum viewing and the most manatees.  They come into the warmer waters from the power plant.  You can also see other marine animals.  There are two main viewing areas to see the manatees and I recommend walking around the whole area and exploring.  There is apt to see along with the manatees.  The whole area is free.  There is a gift shop and snacks for purchase.  Parking is also free and the have charging stations if you have an electric car.  Worth the trip!
Literally in the shadow of the TECO power plant this is an attraction you should not miss. At first I was not sure I would enjoy this, but I did. In fact I may even go back before my vacation is over. But do be forewarned, it is seasonal, and even when "in season" manatee spotting may be sporadic. It's all about water temperature. If the water is cooler than 68 degrees Fahrenheit, the manatees will seek out the warmer waters at the power plant. If water temperatures are warmer, well the manatees may choose to elsewhere (i.e. where there is food and they are not swimming in manatee poop). If you are going to be driving specifically to see manatees, it may be worth a call. Also to help plan your trip, live webcams give you a view of the area. Web cams (java required) East - tampaelectric.com/compan… West - tampaelectric.com/compan… On our visit on 12/31/2012 the manatees were in great numbers, hundreds I would say (see my photos). A cold snap had just moved through the area, so the manatees were here staying warm. It was a very good day for viewing. I'm glad we came. The manatee viewing area and the 900-foot walkway from the center to the Tampa Bay Estuary are both ADA-compliant. The area also has an education center, a gift shop and a snack shop. There are also two charging stations for electric cars.
I've been bringing my northern friends here for years and this place never disappoints.  The manatees are always in attendance.  This time we had a bonus of tarpon- large schools of the flashy fish.  The youngsters had a great time watching the sea creatures from the observation deck as well as the walkway.
A must visit if you love nature, wild life, and manatees.  I heard about this place where you can view manatees in the winter months.  I was expecting a few, but I saw hundreds.  It was indeed amazing.  Best of all it's free.
Ok and free.  A good spot to just get off the highway and walk about and take in the sights and propaganda from Tampa Electric on how grand they are.  Oh and for added bonus, there is usually plenty of people watching to do at this spot of the Jerry Springer quality. It is good to see Tampa Electric doing this for free and protecting the Manatee in the immediate waters. I just keep wondering what white meat the Manatee's might taste like... Chicken or Bald Eagle.... Hmmm.
I love manatees! If you do too, and you happen to be in the Tampa Bay area, you should go to this free manatee viewing center. I go here nearly every winter when I am visiting my parents who happen to live only a few miles away. Manatees migrate to these warm waters in the winter and the power plant has created a sanctuary for them, including viewing stations. There's also a mangrove walk and a educational visitors center. One star off because it's kinda hideous to see the power plant in the background, complete with those smokestacks. Also, note that this place is only open seasonally from Nov. 1 through April 15th.
We have been visting the Manatee Viewing for a few years now. It is only 15 minutes from our house. It is such a nice set up. And very kid friendly. I love that the boys can run around without me worrying about them. Everything is fenced in so they can't go anywhere. It is very cool to see Manatees up that close. They are such graceful animals. We have also seen very large fish, sharks, and sting rays. I love that every visit is different. The mangroves are very neat to see as well. They have a great gift shop with lots of manatee themed goodies. There is also a concession stand. Parking is free and there is no admission cost. This is a great FREE family stop. It's fun for all ages.
I was so excited to come here and see manatees... but did see even one manatee  :(   We came around 1-2 PM, so it may have been a little too warm by that point, but I figured it was worth a shot. As for the other parts of this place, there is a nice bridge to walk along, pretty water to view, and some nice nature to enjoy for those that enjoy nature.  It's also free, so was of no cost to us.  The parking is also free and plentiful, which is always a plus.  We did manage to see some other wildlife and even a raven black duck(?) take flight which I'd never seen before. Good luck to others coming to see manatees.  Go early in the morning, like the other reviewers have recommended, when the weather is a little cooler and manatees are more prone to come through the waters for some cooling down time.  Unfortunately, since we were driving from Atlanta down to Tampa, we got here a little later than we had initially planned.  For those with more control on time factors, come early and hopefully see a manatee or two for me.
The manatees are there between Nov 1 - April 15.  When the gulf gets cooler the animals find their way into the the waters by Big Bend where it's warmer.  You can definitely see them swimming around and coming up for air.  They are fun to watch.  The best part is the viewing center is free.  I could easily spend an hour or so watching the manatees. There is a small education center where kids (and adults) can learn more about the manatee itself.  There is also a little gift shop and most of the proceeds go to the manatee center.   Free parking.  Free center.  It's great if you are in the area and want to see manatees.  They are adorable.
If you are in the Tampa area.... this is a MUST for ALL AGES and it's FREE There is no disappointment here.... there are plenty of manatee's to see!  We went in the AM and the water was warmer than the air. This place is wonderfully maintained and has a stunning Butterfly Garden. We also saw a small shark and these huge fish (mullet fish?)... can't forget the pelican... Plenty of parking.... cute but bit on the high side price wise of a gift shop; but hey, it's for the manatee's.... staff were very friendly and quite knowledgeable. The staff were also quite knowledgeable about the power plant across the way as well. Be prepared for a cool gulf breeze when here!
After driving about 30 minutes out of town, my family and I pulled up to a giant parking lot. It was packed. The attraction here is a large wooden pier built out over an inlet. It is right next to a coal-fed Electrical plant, and a lot of warm water is released which attracts Manatees, Rays, and even Sharks. We really hit the jackpot, there must have been at least 100 Manatees, many Tarpon and we did see one Shark. Besides the viewing platform, there is a bird walk and a visitor center, but it's really all about the manatees. This was FREE and definitely worth an hour of my day. The Manatee viewing platform is apparently November through April, so at other times of the year you may be disappointed to find it closed.
We randomly stopped here on our drive through Florida.  IT WAS SO AWESOME! There were about 30 manatees the day we went. I suppose the power plant emits heat or pulses and the congregate there. Go see it even if it is out of your way.
What a great spot! Nice to see a company doing something so positive for the environment.   There are two main walkways.  One goes out into the channel.  You can see lots of different fish and manatees swimming by.  I would say this is where the action is.  We saw several rays jump up of the water. The second walkway goes back around by the road.  This is the warmest water where the manatees hang out.  At low tide we were probably 10-12 feet off the water and there were literally hundreds of manatees.  I've never seen anything like it!   This place is as good for kids as it is for adults.  TECO did a nice job and it is definitely worth a visit. Did I mention it is free?  Awesome!
This is a nicely done spot - the mangrove walk is beautiful and informative, and we almost always see a few manatees when we are visiting.  Good for kids?  YES. Worth a trip if you are in the area.
A great place to go when it gets cold. They keep improving the whole area and we can't wait to go back. My daughter could have watched the manatees for hours!
The park is very clean and well laid out. Lots of manatees to be seen. It was nice that the manatees were protected and people could not feed or pet them. It is worth the trip!
What a fun naturey type place. You would never know it was there because the first thing you see is billowing yucky smoke. It is Tampa Electric, expect something like that. They set up the manatee viewing really nice. Clear signs directing you to wear to go. Nice bridge to get you to another water area where it is full of fish and other creatures. Pretty naturey trees, a butterfly garden, my photo opportunities, and also manatees. You do not see them close up close up, but you totally see them all there together. They are so cute and will hold their little face up to get air and then go back in the water. There are people working there giving you the background educational about these wonderful creatures, concession stands for snacks, an inside educational area with more photo opps and a cute little store to get your manatee souvenirs. I'll be back, and glad I finally found a place that I have not been to yet. Also, the best thing about this place, it is FREEEEEEE  Yey!!!!! There's not much around this area, but we did go to Circles Bar and Grill on the Water. I will also do a review for that. This would be a pretty nice short one tank trip for anyone looking for something naturey and different and inexpensive!!!!
There's all sorts of things you'll see in the water & land. There's the manatee's which are known by marks or scars on their bodies. When I went there was three rays & two sand sharks swimming around the manatees. Its very windy so I suggest going on a warmer day.
As it's still early in the season (they just opened 2 weeks ago for this year, only being open between Nov 1 & Apr 15) I wasn't entirely sure whether we'd get to see a manatee on our visit. Luckily, we live in Tampa so if we didn't, we could always return in a few weeks when it's colder & they're more enticed by the warm water by the plant. We first took the walk to the left (boardwalk? I've already forgotten what they called it) & saw a handful of beautiful birds fly by, a couple of lizards, & some catfish- & pencilfish-looking fish by the pier, but no manatees. Drat. Maybe we're out of luck? Next, on to the more prominent manatee-viewing dock. Score! Although they didn't come right up to the dock for close-up silhouette viewing, we saw at least 6 stick their snouts above the water, or round their backs & tails, or just sort of float there with their backs showing. Super exciting for me, who's only seen a manatee once before. I'll definitely be heading back in a few weeks when it's colder. Bonus: manatee socks in the gift shop!
If you love manatees this is a great place to come out and support them.  They come here for the warm water, so it's a great place to see them playing all together.  They do tend to be a little shy and are almost the same color as the water, so you really need to look.  There is a little manatee museum and gift shop (great place for all your manatee themed shopping!).  There is a box for donations, so please be sure to donate.  Also, if you have an electric car, there is a place for you to charge up while you're looking at the manatees!
Free, fun and impressive.   It's free.  The gift shop and the Mold-A-Rama of a manatee are ways you could spend your money if you feel like it wouldn't be a complete trip without giving a bit of your money away.   Fun- If you go at the proper times (cold outside and early in the a.m.) you can see a ton of wildlife including: manatees, fish, rays, birds, sharks... Impressive- The power plant, although not a sight you associate with enjoying the great outdoors and seeing wildlife, is impressive.  So is the number of animals and people during the popular winter season.
Would have loved to see the manatees, however, I didn't notice that it is closed during the months of May to August.  Seriously???
Teco, or Tampa Electric, has a side-museum of manatees. Open seasonally, the museum and viewing deck is open Nov. 1-April 15 only. Once you get to the viewing deck, there is a friendly docent who will have props including a manatee skull and manatee plush toys! The viewing deck provides a close but not too close view of manatees. Basically, the docent said, since the electric plant produces heat, the manatees who don't generate enough body heat need the heat to survive and therefore swim near the plant to keep warm: the colder the weather, the more manatees around the plant. And don't stop here: visit the museum in the complex and the gift shop complete with manatee socks, pajamas, tank tops, magnets, stickers and more!
I always take out of town friends & family here.  In the winter you will see all sorts of wildlife including:  manatee (of course), stingray, small shark, birds & fish.  They do a nice job in the visitor center as well.  I had always thought these smoke stacks were scary but it's really not bad at all.  They have a lovely boardwalk out into the water that is so very peaceful.
A free place to see manatees! Even though you're far away it's pretty cool. Don't bother with the hurricane simulator downstairs though, it's just a big fan that blows air on you from above.
Open only during the winter months, this is a great way to see some manatees. It is kind of sad that the reason that they are there is the warm water coming off the electric plant, but it is a great opportunity to see lots of manatees. They have a nice museum/ educational center for adults and children alike. It is free which is awesome and people of all mobility needs can access the attractions. It is sunny so wear sunscreen and consider a hat. Photo ops galore! Bring a telephoto lens.
This place is great!  On my previous visit there were dozens of manatees, some with babies, floating around the power plant's outlet.  Today's visit didn't yield but a few manatees, but I watching an osprey hunt and catch its breakfast made up for it.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, plenty of activities and educational stuff for the kids, and they have a nice giftshop. And it's all FREE!  Free parking, free exhibits, free viewing platforms and beautiful 900' tidal walk.  It's only open through the winter, so be sure to plan accordingly.
I've lived here, this time around, for nearly 8 years, and I finally made it down here this weekend.  Wow, the manatees were a delight.  There were more than we could count, and they were frolicking, and very very active. It truly awed the kids.  They've done a really nice job with this place.  It's well worth the detour to check it out!
We weren't certain we would see any manatees since the weather all week has been in the 80's.  So we got on the Electric Co. web site they have and could actually see manatees there live using the web cams.  There are two cams, East and West.  What a great feature.  We arrived when it opened and went right to the viewing area.  There must have been at least 50 manatees soaking up the sun.  We also took the Tidal walk and saw many of the local birds, especially the Brown Pelicans.  Even the Butterfly Garden was filled with beautiful Butterflies darting from flower to flower.  They also have a hands on history room as well as a cafe with limited very good food that you can eat on the picnic tables right there on the deck.  This is a must stop if you're in the area.  And I forgot to mention, everything is free.  There are no fees for anything.
Another FREE thing to do in the area.  It smells pretty bad b/c of the power plant but is definitely worth checking out.  They do have live web cameras on their website, so you can see if there are any manatees around before driving there.  Although, part of the fun is looking for them in the water so I never check the cameras before going.
Beautiful facilities, but no manatees while we were there :(
Very seasonal.  It is great when the air is cool but the water near  Tampa Bay Electric is warm.  Been there when the Manatees were in close where you could see them, but a week later they were gone.  Check to be sure viewing is good.  Usually in February but by March they've headed elsewhere.
My husband is in the Tampa area for business and we just happened to stumble across the Manatee Viewing Center on our way to Bradenton for the day. This is such a great place! There's a lot to see: manatees, all kinds of other aquatic life, birds, a butterfly garden, a tidal walk through mangroves, and it was free! We went around 4 PM and saw about 25 manatees. The viewing center is only open from mid-November to mid-April and the wind off the water can be cold. I was glad I had my jacket.
This place is kind of cool.  I thought it was odd that it feels like you're going to visit a refinery or something since it's sponsored by the electric company, but that aside it was a neat experience.  When I was a kid my 5th grade class adopted a manatee, and it was cool to see the real deal.  There isn't much to do there other than check out the manatees--although there is a gift shop and picnic tables if you wanted to have lunch or something.  Neat to see, though.  Worth the trip if you're in the area.
I live 2 miles from there and love going each time. One time, we saw over 50 manatees! I recommend going dec- feb. it's cooler weather then, so bring a jacket!
Really nice place to go and see the Manatees we liked the fact that it is outside and different!
