Fantastic variety of dishes. If going for gluten free njira order ahead of time. The best way to wrap up the meal is with the  Ethiopian coffee.
Ouch... I really like ethnic foods, and I like Ethiopian cuisine, and I really wanted to like this place. I gave it two stars simply because they are here in Tampa Bay making an effort (as you can see by the photos posted) and they get a few things kind of right. I'm hopeful they  will do better. If you are unfamiliar with Ethiopian food, keep in mind that it is supposed to be spicy, and some things are supposed to taste burnt. I got the combination plate which had a variety of blobs of different things served on an "Injera" thin pancake. Everything was pretty mushy, except for the chicken/mystery meat, which was dry, flavorless and mostly burnt to crumbly charcoal. What meat wasn't burnt tasted like it had been cooked along time ago, or overcooked from old frozen. The pancake and side pancakes were flavorless and inedible, like trying to eat your dinner with a dry paper towel. The brown mush, the green mush, the yellow mush and the beige mush all did have their own distinct flavors. There was a very dry hard-boiled overcooked egg in there, not contributing anything. I asked for the spicy dishes to be mild, and they said it would be, yet it was chokingly spicy and almost couldn't be eaten. Some sauce would have helped the more dry mucky textures. There must have been considerable animal fat in the mushy stuff, because for the four hours or so after dinner, I was periodically burping up and puking in my mouth a little. It was really a poor value, considering the pancakes and most of the meat couldn't be eaten and the rest of it was sickening afterward. I wouldn't go back there, and I wouldn't recommend it, unless you have the constitution of a seagull.
I was so hoping this would  be a great place! The server was horrible. We asked her a bunch of questions and she couldn't answer any of them! She couldn't even tell us what the different etheopian beers were! No help! The apps were good. We tried the beef samosa. We all got the queens eight. The potatoes were great, the chicken was dry, except for the dor wat which was good. I said no lamb but got it anyway. The collards were ok. I can make them better. The menu warns it is spicy but I didn't think so at all. Overall disappointing.
I am so bummed that this was a huge disappointment. I've had Ethiopian food many times and it's always delicious. With the ratings being so good I took my friend here for his first experience. After, I just had to keep reminding him that it was not a good representation of everything I have raved about. We ordered The Queens eight platter because I wanted to make sure he got to sample several items. They were all tasteless bland overcooked or undercooked with not a hint of seasoning...even salt and pepper. Where is the berbere? The cardamom garlic fenugreek paprika cayenne?? Everything tasted like it came right out of the can. Disgusting really.
This was a very cool and tasty dining experience.  This was my first time trying Ethiopian food, but I know when something tastes good, and this was great.  We shared the Queens Eight Platter for 2 (more than enough for you and another person) and dipped the Injera in all the awesome meat and vegetable choices.  I've never had bread like the Injera before, and I loved the consistency and how it was all rolled up.  Apparently it's a great gluten-free option because it is made out of some flower or something. Most of the dishes on our sampler were stewed meats of various kinds and seasoned veggies and lentils.  In the middle was a traditional drumstick and soft boiled hen egg - very good!  For my beverage I tried the Queen's Secret Recipe Honey Drink (recommended by the server) and it somehow tasted a lot like honey without being overly sweet.  I think they use green tea as the base. The server explained everything on the plate very well, and was such a nice guy!   We really enjoyed talking to him and hearing about the traditional Ethiopian cuisine.  I also felt like his suggestions were very good, as we were pretty much lost without his assistance!
Treat yourself and give Ethiopian food a try. The food was very unique with wonderful flavors. We had a bigger group and ordered the Queen's Eight (for however many people you have dining). It's eight different items on a plate to share. No utensils (though they will provide if you ask). You use the spongy bread (injera) as your means of eating. It didn't look like any bread I had had before but was good. The Queens eight gave us the opportunity to taste so much. We had the tray with meats, so had beef, chicken and veggies but you can order the tray in a vegetarian/vegan option. And try the honey tortilla dessert, sprinkled with confectioner's sugar. Service was good and the staff was happy to give you insight into the traditions and cuisine.
I don't know why it's taken me so long to review this restaurant. My sister is Vegan so there are only a couple of restaurants in Tampa we can enjoy a meal together. We love this place. We always get the veggie platter and it is always yummy. Yes it takes a while sometimes for the food to come out, but it is well worth the wait. The staff is friendly and warm and always a pleasure. We love the Injera bread, a sourdough and somewhat "spongy" texture flat bread, you use it to scoop up your meal. They have veggie or meat platters; you can order for however many people in your party. They have individual meals too, with beef, chicken, lamb and seafood, but we always go for the platters.  Love the variety. Most Ethiopian dishes consist of stewed meats and veggies with distinct Ethiopian spices. If you have sensitivities to spicy foods, be sure to ask your server so they can control the "heat" like they do for my daughter. My faves are the yellow lentils (Ye Kik Alecha), the stewed mushrooms (Mushroom Wot) and the cabbage (Tikil Gomen). The owner always comes out to ask us how our meal was and we love the ambience. We Americans are always in a hurry! This is a place to come and relax, enjoy the sights, aromas and sounds of people having good conversation and sharing a meal. What I especially like is that if we want more of a particular dish on our platter (and we always do!!) they are quick to accommodate. The owner even "tweaked" a meal for my daughter when it was a bit too spicy for her taste. Always a good experience here. And yes, you eat with your hands! Be sure they are clean...
Great food, atmosphere, and service. We enjoyed the family style dinner with meat and vegetables. The Ethiopian beer was also nice and refreshing with the meal. We have eaten from Michelin starred restaurants to McDonalds. This food is definitely one of a kind for Tampa and is one of the best restaurants in Tampa. Despite what other reviews say, our food didn't take too long to wait for. But all I have to say is that good food takes time to cook.
What a pleasant surprise! This was my first Ethiopian restaurant, and it did not disappoint.  Don't be turned off by the less-than-enticing decor outside.  We were fortunate enough to have the manager (possibly also the owner) take our order, and his suggestion that we order the sampler for 2 was perfect.  The kitchen was very accommodating of our preference for chicken. I had qualms about eating with my hands, but the injera (bread) ultimately seemed more sanitary than sharing a dish using a knife and fork. And it was fun! The spices were well-balanced, and I actually loved the cabbage dish. The nicest touch was the birthday surprise they brought out for my boyfriend. I had made last-minute reservations with a special request to acknowledge his birthday, and the kitchen sent out a dessert hot from the oven. They really went the extra mile.
This was a nice find when I was trying to find something local while traveling in the Tampa area.  The service was a lil slow to get started but the food came out pretty quickly.  I ordered the Fire Shrimp and the Queen's Lamb tips.  I did request that both dishes be spicy, was in the mood for something hot tonight!  ;)   The Shrimp appetizer came out and was lil dissapointed at first bc there was only 3 shrimp to a $10 appetizer.  Good thing I was eating by myself.  Ha!  Before I dug in I thought these shrimp better not be fishy and they better not be overcooked and they were neither!  Nice flavor, good flavor w/ simple heat!  Meaning it wasnt burn your mouth hot but there was a slight slow burn going on which I can appreciate.  It was accompanied with a nice pico de gallo (african version).  lol  You'll know what i mean if you order it!   The Queen's Lamb tips was recommended by my waitress and I was a lil worried about having to pick through bones or fatty pieces.  I guess possibly a concern for bad quality cuts of meat.  Again I was impressed again.  The meat was tender and full of flavor!  The lentils were rocking awesome!  The other veg was a potatoe and carrot medley.  That was great too!  Injera was nice and fresh, great for slopping some of that great lamb sauce.  The heat wasnt spicy but another great slow heat!   Both of my dishes had great flavor and the quality of products served to their customers is nothing but great!  I appreciate this place is skimping cheaper ingredients for a restauarnt in a smaller type of market!  Thumbs up on this one!!
We just finished dinner here - amazing!! Be prepared to eat a delicious Ethiopian dinner with your hands!! The service is great! The kitchen was behind  so without saying a word they just brought us an app on the house. I had wine and my bf had an Ethiopian beer - both good. Now for the food.. We had lamb and beef specials served on one plate for the both of us. It was served with their "bread" (you'll see why I used quotations), lentils which tasted like baked beans, collards, and carrots. We ate the entire plate!!! Prices are affordable - meals between $9-$16. I'm def coming again.
The people are very nice and it was a quiet, private almosphere. We were disappointed with the Queens 8 for 2. The injera was really thick and dry. The stews and meats were also dry, and chunky, making it hard to pick up with injera.  Yellow split peas weren't cooked. But all the flavors were very good. Baklava is clearly homemade and absolutely delicious!  Careful though because they heat before serving and it's easy to burn your mouth.  We've certainly had better Ethopian but I would be willing to try again if it was just an off night.
I'm Eritrean which is same ethnicity as Ethiopian, only separation is political - so I grew up eating Ethiopian food and can go to my Dad's to get some good Ethiopian food which they eat on a daily basis. With that being said the food was good though I would have loved for them to serve more injera as I am incredibly used to using the injera to wrap the food with every portion. The first bin of injera was just okay but when we asked for another helping the second batch was incredibly good. I've eaten at Ethiopian restaurants in New York so I have a lot to compare it to. Clean bathrooms decorated traditional style with Ethiopian music playing that made me feel at home, Ethiopian decor. Ethiopian decor and ambience was done nicely. Service could have been more attentive, we needed assistance several times and was not checked on frequently. Being in this industry can be tough and its important to have the staff be consistent with great customer service, I really hope they do well and improve in this area. I personally do not have the personality to do it but I know it would make the world of a difference in the success and I really want to see them succeed as it represents my nationality in the Tampa-bay area. Culturally, Ethiopian traditions are incredibly hospitable and I wish they could hire more staff so there would be someone to do the traditional offering the scent of popcorn and coffee as the guests are waiting.
Queen of Sheeba is one of my favorite spots in Tampa. The staff is very friendly, the food is amazing and comes out quickly. Every Time I come I have to order the Dor Wot, Ethiopia's national dish.
One of my favorite restaurants, hands down. The service has always been friendly, but it's never the quickest. But if you appreciate great food you won't mind waiting. The Queens Platter is a good way to go if you're a first timer. The only problem I ever have comes from not being a connoisseur of spicy food, some things are much too spicy for my pallet. The spicy things still have wonderful flavor though, so this is not a problem most people have. All in all, just go there and experience the amazingness for yourself.
First impression walking in was how authentic this place is, second impression was how impressed I was busy
This is the only Ethiopian food in Tampa since Abul Bunna went out of business. Nice lunch buffet if you can get there during the week. Excellent Ethiopian cuisine. If you've never tried it you're missing out. If you're new to Ethiopian try a combo platter or start with Doro Wot, which is a popular chicken dish. Any lamb dish is wonderful, but one with berbere seasoning is recommended. Once you try it you'll crave it. :) TIP: I always ask for cottage cheese on the side. This restaurant doesn't give it to you automatically. It goes well with any of the meats. Ethiopian cottage cheese is not like the nasty stuff you get at the grocery store. It has the consistency of ricotta. Also, Ethiopians prepare lentils in the tastiest way. Most dishes come with it on the side. My husband claims to hate lentils, but I know he loves it at Ethiopian restaurants.
Ordered the doro alecha which had a great flavor but not spicy hot. One eats with the hands using the rolled bread, very tasty. I had a business lunch it made the experience very bonding.  Great atmosphere, it feels like we're not in south Tampa.
Delicious and authentic Ethiopian food. Walking into Queen of Sheba is like walking into a restaurant in Addis Abba. I have never been disappointed by any of the food or the service. It's a great place to take vegetarian friends. I highly recommend the Queens platter and ask for a nice mix of vegetarian and meat options. The injera is amazing.
In my younger, more reckless days, I used to drive a 198X (substitute the rational number of your choice for X) Mitsubishi Galant around. The windshield was so cracked that everything you saw through it looked like it was transpiring in a basement indie rock venue's bathroom mirror, it was entirely done up in hideous blue mouse fur, and the transmission had suffered such horrible travails in a previous life that when you attempted to downshift it sounded like an opera singer attempting to eat a live chicken. Something was always going wrong with that car, and my dad was always wrapping duct tape around some unidentifiable piece of the engine to keep it rolling with the punches. But, you know what? It was a great car. It got mileage better than any car I've owned since, it always started (sometimes with a little coaxing) and it had one of those plastic hula dancers on the dashboard whose mesmerizing hip-shaking more than once bore my mind off in dreams of tropical utopias whilst I steered the car into a cottonwood tree. Queen of Sheba is a bit like this--something always goes wrong. The injera is too cold, the doro wat has unexpected bone fragments emerging to lacerate your gums, the iced tea you ordered is actually hot tea or iced coffee or Diet Sprite or something, and at some point during the meal you're apt to hold up a dripping fragment of one of the sides and say "what is this? seriously, what is it?" If you demand your dining experience to be utterly identical each time, this is not the place for you. Might I suggest Cracker Barrel instead, where the biscuits are as round and normalized as the top of a Pringle's can? But the food is tasty. I get the same problem here as at virtually every other ethnic restaurant in the history of ethnic restaurants--to wit, the fact that they won't make anything spicy enough--but everything has the hallmarks of care and attention put into its preparation. Good injera (though always weirdly cold--not sure why), good lentils, good meat dishes, an excellent mushroom dish of some sort, etc. The Wat dishes are maybe the best--I would put them above the Tibs. All of the sides are good. Is it the best Ethiopian food I've ever had? Well, no, but that Galant wasn't the best car I've ever driven, either. And it stands alone as Tampa's Ethiopian offering. So either look into a really really fancy Zipcar or get yourself down to Queen of Sheba.
I was on the line between a 3 and a 4, but the dishes are good enough that I landed on 4. I have been here a couple of times. The first time I got the sampler with my girlfriend and the 2nd time we got individual dishes: the fish tibs and the doro wot. The doro wat was great. The fish tibs were meh. I recommend getting the sampler. Oh, and the honey wine. It's weird and awesome! I really believe there is only one server. Service is friendly, a little rough with speaking English, and very S L O W. This is not a place where you can pop in and out. You are in for at least an hour, probably more. This is the reason why they almost got 3 stars from me. But the food is so good and unique, I feel it is worth the wait. I will come back - just not on a day when I have something else planned ;)
This restaurant has a very unique and exotic food offerings for food in South Tampa. I've never had Ethiopian food in my life, this is my first time eating Ethiopian food. I'm a vegetarian, there's an entire Vegan menu at this restaurant. They serve lots of different vegetable offerings but with familiar ingredients like potatoes, carrots, collared greens, kale, etc. I enjoyed the vegan appetizer plate and the #8 plate, which featured potatoes and carrots. Despite waiting about 30 minutes (not offended, it was a fresh meal) on a friday night, we enjoyed our meal and especially enjoyed Injera. Injera is a type of African bread and it's very similar to a rolled up pancake that's less heavy.
At the suggestion of others, I did take out. Unfortunately I did so near close and the meal suffered because of it. I was greeted when I walked in by a very sweet woman who seemed to be working alone, so forgive if service lacks, it seems like a family business. I ordered the Doro wat and queen's 8 sampler. While the Doro was as delicious as my Ethiopian uncle makes, the meat in the sampler was extremely dry, clearly it had been cooking too long. With that in mind this place gets 4  stars (I will revise after my next visit. Yes I will definitely be back. The Doro was delicious and cooked perfectly. The spices perfect, even though I am used to it being much hotter, I'll be sure to ask for more next time.
Service is slow, but was hoping food would make up for it. Not the case, unfortunately. We had the appetizer for two and dinner for two. Dinner for two consisted of beef, chicken and a variety of lentil dips. I'd provide a specific explanation as to what each item is, but our waitress didn't seem to want to take the time to explain it to us even after letting her know that we were new to Ethiopian food. She seemed to be in a hurry.  I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. Interior is cozy and traditional though.
My co-workers and I enjoyed lunch here last Friday. I must have driven by the building a hundred times, but never noticed there was a restaurant inside before. We were greeted by a an older African lady who seated our large group right away. We were handed menus, but the Friday buffet was too good of a deal to pass up. She offered to walk us through the buffet to let us know what each item was, but we decided to take our chances and just try everything as a surprise. For our vegan friend, 9 items on he buffet were vegan/vegetarian friendly. I sampled a little bit of everything. The dishes were all full of spice and flavor. I particularly enjoyed the mushroom and collard dishes. We all enjoyed black coffee at the end. Who needs cream or sugar when the coffee is perfect on its own?
The lunch buffet is now Friday only. The nice thing about ordering off the menu is that the injera is now served warm.  However, if you order the wrong dish, you're stuck with food that you don't really like.  I tried the Tibs Wot when I think I meant to order the Queen's Beef Tibs.  Whoops.  My dish was a bit salty, and I wish that I had less of the beef and more of the side vegetables, which were much more tasty.
If you like Ethiopian then you will love this place. Great injera and super fresh food. They use super fresh, higher priced ingredients so they must charge a little more. Ethiopian is nothing like Indian food so do not expect it to taste like it- aside from them using lentils and greens in many dishes.
Authentic Ethiopian food served with love. Only authentic Ethiopian restaurant in tampa (that I know of) luckily is a very good one.
As one of the only Ethiopian restaurants in Florida, Queen of Sheba is a must when in the area. We have eaten here over a dozen times and every time we leave happier than the time before. As with most Ethiopian restaurants, I recommend trying the large platters (to be shared within the group) as it gives everyone an opportunity to taste the variety of dishes. My favorite dish is their tibs but I've never had one I didn't like (even the lentils and I usually hate lentils) so I always hope to try something new. With a home made flavor and great service, I highly recommend Queen of Sheba!
General: I really enjoy the food at Queen of Sheba - I've visited on four different occasions: the first time using a Groupon (got to sample appetizers, Queen's Eight, the honey drink, and coffee), a second time with my family, a third time for their lunch buffet, and then a fourth time most recently.  The food is really good, but I'm not entirely convinced that it should cost as much as it does.   Update - (03/04/13) - they started having the lunch buffets again, except on weekends instead of weekdays now. Side note - good for vegetarians. :) Food: The food at Queen of Sheba is delicious.  The spice palate, like many others noted, is similar to Indian food - they use a lot of turmeric - yum!  I really enjoyed the appetizers and entrees (I got the Queen's eight each time I went, besides the buffet), though I wasn't super impressed with the drinks (honey or coffee).  The dishes seem very fibrous and healthy - I especially like the cabbage/carrot/turmeric dish and the beef/collard greens dish.  And injera is like a spongy bread with a [slightly] sour taste that serves as a similar vessel as Indian naan - good for scooping up the stews/sauces. Service: I've visited four times and each time I felt like the service was good (even when using a Groupon), albeit slow/leisurely.
I tried Ethiopian food for the first time last night at Queen of Sheba. I went here because of a Groupon I bought and I'm glad I tried it. I liked it!  The cuisine reminded me of Indian food, which is one of my favorite ethnic delights. However with Ethiopian food, you eat with your hands by scooping up said piles of food with injera, which is like a thin and airy version of Indian na'an. Thin as it may be, using bread as an edible utensil left me feeling rather full at the end. The Queens Platter is like a sampler platter of 8 different items. You can order all vegetarian but we chose a combo of meats and vegetables. I actually preferred the veggies (red lentils, a yellow pea mash, a cabbage mix) over the meats. The meats were little gamey for me. I enjoyed scooping up little bits of all the assorted dishes with the injera. The Groupon also came with an appetizer sampler. On that was a hummus-like dip, a lentil hummus-esque dip, a fried appetizer that was like a a cross between an Indian samosa or a Jamaican jerk patty, and a tomato salad. They are not afraid of spice here, so if you avoid spice (I do not) beware of the rogue fresh jalapeno in the salad. I did not enjoy the honey drink (way too sweet, basically honey water) but the Ethiopian coffee at the end of the meal was nice. I guess normally there is a coffee ceremony where the beans are roasted tableside, but we missed out on that because it was late and we were closing the place down. Service was very friendly here and there's a nice cozy, dim-lit atmosphere. I was also kind of surprised that they had a pretty long wine list and wines from all over. I had a merlot from Argentina that was really good. I would probably go back, but without a Groupon, it would have been pretty darn pricey. Do NOT go here with a picky eater, this place is only for the adventurous at heart.
All of the foodies I know had eaten here, except me.  So, I figured it must be good and was time for me to give it a try.  We were here on a Saturday afternoon, and there were only two other tables of patrons.  The atmosphere is heavily decorated, but still has a home-style appeal.  The owner will come by to check on you and the waitresses are in traditional attire.   The Beef Sambussa appetizer consists of one small triangle of meat wrapped in a tender crust.  I would pay $2.99 for two of these, but since it was only one it left me wanting more.  The hot spiced tea was amazing and I highly recommend it. My husband and I ordered the Queens Eight Platter for two, which is $26.99.  It comes with 8 dishes of the Chef's choice.  You can ask for all vegetable or mostly meat etc.  We had a half and half mix.  I was not fond of the lamb entrees, since they were too musky for my taste.  My favorite items were the lentils, the mushroom, and the cabbage.  They are very nice when it comes to dietary needs here.  Most of the vegetable dishes are also vegan.   I am definitely not vegetarian, but I think that their vegetable dishes are their strength, so I will be sticking with the veggie dishes only in the future. All of the dishes come served on top of bread, which is amazing solo even without the stews.  The bread serving is very generous, but I do not know if it is unlimited or not. You must try to eat it with your hands, scooping it with the bread for the authentic experience.  But, if that makes you uncomfortable then you can switch over to a fork if you must.
So I told some friends that I was going to get Ethiopian food, and they joked, "what'll they serve you, UN Rice?" It's OK, my friends are not as insensitive as they sound. Just unfamiliar. So was I - I carried some vague notion of ethiopian food as heavily spiced, stewy things. My vague notion was compelling enough to try to pull together a yelp event, but it ended up just two of my friends and me. Absolutely worth it. We rolled in about an hour after the doors opened to an empty house - and only saw three other folks drop in over the course of the meal. The two rooms are hung with tapestries, sculptures, and woven baskets, all presumable Ethiopian, and there are picture books of culture and local dishes strewn on a coffee table near the entrance. The owners understand that most visitors will be unfamiliar with all aspects of what they're walking into, and seem to be providing a primer to the culture prior to food being served. Correction: prior to great food being served. Ordered two glasses of heavenly tea redolent of cinnamon and cloves, and a punch-you-in-the-face sweet glass of honey wine (like mead, but African) to start, and two 'meals for eight' and a vegetarian platter for lunch on a saturday afternoon. Both orders came out on heavily laden platters, and were pretty much samplers of all the good stuff. Among other things, we ate: -Spiced lentils (two different kinds - one curried and one piquant), -Stewed yams and potatoes -Spicy pickled cabbage and shredded carrots -Collard greens with sausage -Chicken with berbere spices -Savory lamb chunks in a curry sauce All eaten without utensils using thin, chewy injera bread. When the piles of foods were drawn down, we tore the bread laid across the top of the plate into long strips and made ehthiopian burritos. When that was gone, we realized how much we'd eaten, and how quickly, and then marveled at the fact that it'd only cost us 12 bucks each. Then, we vowed to come back, and in greater numbers. We did not try desert. It was not feasible. If you've never had ethiopian food, just take my word and try it. Order anything you want, and pretend like you're on an expedition into the heart of darkness. No cannibals here, just good cooking.
Ever walk into one of those Chinese take-out places (you know the one: picture menu above the counter, mural of a waterfall on one wall, Chinese calendar on the opposite wall, tables and chairs that look straight outta a 1980's showroom) and wonder to yourself, "Is this really authentic Chinese food?"   You don't do that so much at this place.  I've never been to Ethiopia.  I've never eaten Ethiopian food.  To my knowledge, I've never personally known any Ethiopians.  Quite frankly, I couldn't tell you squat about Ethiopia...But I never once questioned if Queen of Sheba served anything but genuine Ethiopian cuisine.  That's just my terribly ignorant opinion.     Queen of Sheba is located in a small strip mall in South Tampa.  The interior has been nicely and simply done with low lighting and dark wood.  There are 15-20 tables seating 2-6 people each.  I had expected the restaurant to be uncrowded, as it was Valentine's Day and Ethiopia didn't exactly conjure up the most romantic images in my mind.  Although we were able to get a table right away, by the time we left all of the tables were occupied. All items on the menu have descriptions making it pretty clear what all the unusually named dishes include.  Although I didn't order it, there's an item that involves raw beef.   I found this utterly fascinating since most restaurants won't serve me my burgers as rare as I prefer. I can't really comment on the food other than to say it's as far opposite from anything else I've ever eaten anywhere else.  The flavors were mysterious and the presentation exotic.  The sample platter that my friend and I split had eight dollops of different menu items which were mostly gooey in consistency.  The no-utensil method of eating is to use bread that I can only describe as a cross between a tortilla and pancake, to transport finger-fulls of the food to your mouth.  Since this was my first time eating Ethiopian food I cannot comment if it was "good" or not.  I can only say that it was truly, without a doubt, unequivocally and absolutely... foreign. I had heard from other reviewers of this restaurant that the service was iffy and at first I tended to agree.  Although there were quite a few servers bustling around, we waited for 20 minutes before our drink/food order was taken, another 15 to get our sweet wine and at least 30 minutes for the check.  The friend that I was with felt that it may be a cultural difference though.  She thought that we are so used to being herded in and out of restaurants looking for a quick turn over, that we're shocked when an establishment invites us to hang around for a bit.  And that may be the case, but a meal that would have normally taken us 45 minutes, somehow stretched into two hours. With the bill including tip at about $23 bucks each, I thought the meal and glass of wine was reasonable.  Not stellar, but reasonable. At the End of the Day:  Although my palate was a bit bewildered by the meal and I was quite ready to leave at least 20 minutes before we actually did, I defiantly plan on going again.  At the very least I have to try the raw beef.  It's raw freakin' beef!
The food is still good but based on my latest experience, i am NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER coming back here!!!!! EVER!  If i could give negative stars, i would. I discovered this place while visiting last year and had such a great experience, that i was so excited to come back. I eat ethiopian food all the time in seattle and love it.  We brought a friend with us this time and raved about how good the food is. we had a different server this time and that made all the difference.  We ordered veggie combos, one order of 4 items ($11) for our friend and one order of 6 items ($13) for hubby & i to share. We told her the two of us were sharing the 6 item platter. -  When she took our order she said that they may be out of some items and she would substitute with something else available. When she got quizzical looks (because none of us want her deciding what's for dinner), she said she would tell us what they were out of.  Ok.... -  She asked if she could bring all of the food out on one platter. We asked for our friend to be given his own plate.  Weird, but ok.... -  Our plates arrived with substitutions on them, but the kitchen seemed to make up for the subs by making the 4 item plate a 6, and adding 2 to the shared as well, making it 8 items. Ok, that seemed like a nice thing to do, even though we would have preferred to double up on favorites than take some of the subs.  But moving on... -  When we got our bill it was $50!  $28 for the 6 item platter which was labeled Queen's platter (which is an 8 item platter) and $15 for the 4 item platter (that's the price of the chef's choice platter which has all 12 veggie items on it). We looked at a menu to see where she got the wrong prices from and then i went up and explained to her where she made the mistakes, but what i got in return was such a rude attitude.  She tried to tell me she gave us double portions on the shared platter, but that's bullshit! They were the same portions as our friend's and we eat this food a lot, so we know what a portion size looks like. Plus, the prices are in black and white on the menu and she tried to tell me they meant something else.  She's a liar and trying to take us for fools.  When i told her she was charging us for items we didn't order she became more rude and surly.  She ended up charging us $13 for each plate of food just to get me off her back when she saw i wasn't going to back down. I am so appalled at the way we were treated that i will never return.
The best restaurant you aren't going to. I am so afraid Queen of Sheba will suffer the same fate as the almost-as-good Abbol Bunna. The food is consistent only in how delicious it is, and the staff is always very accommodating and happy to receive any fans of African fare or people lost on the way to Outback. The lunch buffet is fantastic and frequently completely unpatronized, yet go to any Olive Garden location and there's a line out the door. There is simply very little room for good things in Tampa Bay. The people have spoken and they'd rather have a bottomless serving of pasta. If/when the Queen of Sheba becomes deposed, it will be your fault.
This was a delicious foodie experience.  The food was five-star.  I ordered the vegetarian Queen's Eight (chef's choice, 8 tastes) so that I could try many things and have a variety of spicy and mild.  I also ordered the Ethiopian tea which was different and yum  (a cinnamon tea).   It's imported and delicious.   My great 8:  salad (wet, soggy delicious), a chickpea type "hummus" (great), atkilit--cabbage, tikiki-carrots, taters (mild, tasty), mushrooms wot (a favorite, but bitey), ye misr wat-red lentils, ye kik alecha-yellow split peas, gomen-collards.   A single vegetable meal was $8, the Eight was $13 and I took half home.  The injera is made with an African flour (grown in the US) called "teff".  It soaks in the stew broth and is fabulous. (gluten-free).  They have beef, chicken, lamb and seafood options and a great appetizer and African wine list.  Most foods are sauteed or stewed, your choice to amp it up with spice or go mild. I took a star for service--both doors are marked "use other door" so it's unclear & unwelcoming to get in.  The waitress appeared exhausted and seemed very slow to take my order and others, check on you, etc.  Dirty tables were not being cleaned off.  Butcher paper is laid across cloth table cloths but there is food between the layers-kinda icky.   Each table has hand sanitizer on it--that's a nice touch. Cloth napkins.  yay.  Bright orange walls, African art.  The place has a homey feel and a great "spirit".  It needs to fix some rough edges to be fully a "class act".  I am anxious to try more of the menu.  Go when you have time so the speed of the experience doesn't become a problem! July 2014.  Had a delightful lunch.  Food is still excellent.  Service was swift.  Veggie options are excellent.  Meat options are "fall off the bone" (which is a little overdone for me).  Friday lunches they do a $10 buffet.  A great cultural experience.
I've been to Queen of Sheba several times since the restaurant opened, but I hadn't been there for over a year until I went back the other day. If you haven't had Ethiopian food, it's the type of meal that's best shared with a group of people. For this reason, and because it's on the other side of town, it's not that often that I make it over to Queen of Sheba. I believe it's still the only Ethiopian restaurant in Tampa (since it's been open, one other Ethiopian restaurant opened and closed). As far as I'm concerned, that's reason enough to try it at least once. When I went recently I was with three other people. We ordered the Queens Eight Meal Platter, which is a good thing to order if you have a few people and you want some variety. The beauty of an Ethiopian meal is its communal nature; the food is meant to be shared. It really does create a sense of closeness between friends during the meal. The food is served on a soft, moist flatbread called injera -- which serves simultaneously as plate, eating utensil, and food. No forks are needed; tear off pieces of injera and use them to pick up the other food items. The bread soaks up the savory sauces, and is flavorful and satisfying to eat. Our food included some excellently-prepared chicken, collard greens, lentils, and lamb. We were all more than satisfied. It's really the original "soul food". It's healthy, hearty, wholesome, and delicious. The employees are courteous and efficient and the atmosphere is relaxing and pleasant. One last tip: for a mild alcoholic bevarage, try the sweet honey wine. It goes down very easily, though it may be too sweet for some palates.
Queen of Sheba is hands-down one of my new favorite restaurants in Tampa. Yes, it's true, this is the first Ethiopian restaurant I've ever tried, but--oh my goodness--it was SO cool. Four reasons why this place is so ballin': 1.) When you enter the restaurant, you enter into a little living room area before you wander into the dining room. It's not just a living room. It's an ETHIOPIAN living room. Tons of cool stuff to look at and read. 2.) The food was outstanding and unique. I had dinner with my sister and her husband. We ordered the Queen's Eight for three people ($40). This is a large platter of foods chosen nightly by the chef. Lamb, beef, chicken... cabbage, lentils, chickpeas, eggs... and maybe some other food as well. All were wonderfully spiced and cooked to perfection. 3.) Injera. You don't use any utensils during the meal. Instead, you pick up food from the center platter using a piece of injera. Injera, as described by our server, is a cross between a crepe, a tortilla, and a pita. My definition: it's a roll of elastic deliciousness. Yum yum yum. (for more about injera: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In…) 4.) The service was excellent. Our server (Monica) was helpful and gladly explained everything to us. She made our first Ethiopian meal very enjoyable. Seble, the owner, came to our table and talked to us for a while after our meal. I was impressed by the team of folks running this place. By giving five stars here, I am wholeheartedly giving five stars. Out of all of the new places I've tried recently, this might be my favorite. I am already looking at my schedule to figure out when I can return.
I love the food, and it seems home made since it tastes a bit different every time. Love the colorful, pleasant décor and anticipation of new and exotic foods and tastes I am allergic to wheat and love that I can eat the Injera since it is made of teff flower. Not only are the prices and food amazing, but the owner comes by the table to say hello almost every time i've been there. Even occasionally offering free tastes of new wine and once a free container of their special tea blend when my friend asked about it. Great setting and it's great to go to a place that appreciates its patrons. The only down side is the service is almost always slow, but I think that is really more a matter of a slower paced atmosphere than inattentiveness. I've suggested Queen of Sheba to dozens of people, and no one who has gone has ever had anything negative to say.
I went here with three people on a Friday night. The restaurant is located in a small building on Henderson Blvd with limited parking space (I was coming from Kennedy and had to go through a 2-way left hand turn lane. The parking space in the small strip it's located on is right on the curb so backing out is a little scary when the traffic is busy. The first step inside, we were greeted by several articles and artwork explaining assets of Ethiopian culture like the food etc. The inside of the place was dimly lit, making the menu a little hard to read (although eventually they turned the lights up a bit) but it's part of the atmosphere so it was fine. My friend ordered an Ethiopian coffee for $1.50 and I got the "Yekemem Shai" (Naturally decaffeinated tea brewed with cinnamon, cardamom and cloves. Served hot. - according to the menu) for $1.50. The coffee was served in this tiny tea cup about the size of your thumb and we wondered if that was it...luckily one of the staff refilled it (along with my tea which went great with a teaspoon of sugar) for no charge. *The food isn't eaten with utensils, but instead with your hand and injera bread (plenty of it) which is a crepe-like device meant to replace a spoon/fork* For appetizers, we ordered the Vegetable Sambussa which looked like an empanada, but filled with lentils, peppers, garlic and served with I think some sort of chili sauce. Because we weren't too well-versed in Ethiopian cuisine, we chose the Queen's eight meal platter (the pricing for three $38.99 dinner). It is a combination of meat and vegetarian dishes from the menu...chickpeas, collard greens w/jalapeno peppers, stewed lamb/beef (spicy), chicken w/spices etc. Some of the dishes tasted a little bit bland like the vegetables...but then again I suppose it serves as a counterbalance to some of the meat. The food was more than enough for two hungry dudes and my girlfriend (vegetarian). I think next time I go, I'll pick two dishes I liked and just stick with them for a lower price. They also have a lunch buffet from I think 11-2 which may well be worth checking out.
I'm always trying to expand my culinary universe, and so, when I heard of this small storefront restaurant in South Tampa, my partner and I thought we'd give it a try.  We were both pleasantly surprised. At the suggestion of our server, we shared the Queen of Shba platter which was a sampling of various vegetarian and meat items from the menu.  Everything was quite tasty, albeit a bit spicey for the more sensitive palette.  The meats were all very moist and tenders. I wouldn't bother with the desserts which are neither Ethiopian cuisine nor made on the premises.  The coffee is strong and served in espresso cups. The servers wear traditional garb and are very friendly.
I visited Queen of Sheba for lunch and had a nice experience. It was my first time trying out Ethiopian food (sad, I know), so I didn't know what to expect. The waiter who served us was very pleasant and prompt. After we ordered food, it took about 15-20 minutes to arrive. Of course, being the silly person that I am, I asked where was the silverware and was informed that the spongy bread acted as such. So that was a nice surprise! The food was flavorable and very filling, and I do plan to go back again. If you love Ethiopian food or you're looking for a unique dining experience - check this place out!
I've had Ethiopian food a time or two before my visit to Queen of Sheba. I thought the food was incredibly delicious! Definitely one of the better Ethiopian restaurants I've been to. Overall, my visit was very satisfactory. However, there were a few down sides that I was not too impressed with. Our appetizer order was wrong... which wasn't a huge deal, but still not great considering I am a vegetarian, and they brought out some meat filled version. The service was okay. There were two employees working (not sure if they are the owners), but they were both serving all tables, which means they were both asking us the same questions. Service was also extreeemely slow. It took us 2 hours to eat dinner... which might be good to know if you are in a hurry. It was also difficult to understand what the waitstaff was saying. Prices are a little higher than I'm used to for Ethiopian food, but not bad. I would come here again, but probably for the cheaper lunch menu!
Food was great. Service was very nice, though a little bit slow at the start. We went on a Sunday and the restaurant was fairly busy, but we were seated right away (group of 3). We ordered the appetizer sampler, the Queen of Eight for three, the honey drink, coffee, and Meta beer. Everything was fantastic and we ate way too much food. The honey drink was a little too sweet for my friends, but I enjoyed it. The server was great about explaining the different foods and checking in on us. We had a great time and I will definitely be back.
I wasn't sure what to expect while heading to this Ethiopian restaurant, I've never had Ethiopian food, let alone knew what all it entailed.  Upon arriving and seeing the true Ethiopian culture throughout the establishment, I knew I was in for a treat.   For anyone who is a first timer at this type of food, I definitely recommend ordering the Queen's Eight.  I was there with a friend and we ordered it portioned for two people, we had plenty of food to eat between the two of us, and were definitely satisfied.  The best thing about this menu option, is that it lets you sample multiple different food items without having to commit to just one.  We ordered ours to be cooked with a "medium spice" and everything came out with perfect flavor! Our waitress was really sweet and offered us complimentary tea because "we needed to see how they make it in Ethiopia."  One of my favorite things about this restaurant was that they truly captured the culture of Ethiopia without being cheesy.  I definitely think this place is worth checking out, even if you don't fall in love with the food, you'll at least have a fun and neat experience under your belt.
My family and I are vegetarian and always on the hunt for different, more exotic vegetarian cuisine. We pass the Queen of Sheba restaurant on a regular basis and, after checking the menu on-line, decided to go for a rare evening out. The restaurant is in a small plaza on the West side of Henderson and does not have a very impressive entrance. The small, older strip plaza looks like it's seen better days and parking was a little confusing. Once inside though, we were constantly entertained! This is genuinely an Ethiopian family restaurant. There were children who obviously belonged to the waitress or one of the owners running back and forth and playing out in the dining room - they were adorable. The artwork is all Ethiopian as well. The colors and symbolism may remind you of a Jamaican place, or maybe a Bob Marley album, but that's just because Ethiopia is the homeland of the Rastafari, but that is the only similarity. The food was definitely different, reminiscent of Indian food more than anything else I've had. It was just okay, but the novelty of the atmosphere and the people make it worth the visit.
Fantastic experience all around.  Great service and great food.  I had kitfo which is one of my favorites and this rates up there with the best I've had.  I I've near Denver which has over a dozen great Ethiopian restaurants and this place is right up there with the best of them.  Give it a try!
I love Ethiopian food, so I try to find one in the cities I travel to.  I took some coworkers here for lunch and was a bit dissapointed.   The Injera was dry and a bit unappealing.  The lentils were very dry and lacked flavor.  The buffet they had out seemed like it was not very fresh.  I usually wouldn't get the buffet but if you ordered off the menu, I'm pretty sure you would have just gotten what was on the buffet anyways.   I am a bit spoiled because of the amazing Ethiopian restaraunt I am used to in Raleigh, but I would not go back to this restaraunt.
Sadly, Florida is a massive wasteland when it comes to offering culinary variety (unless you like everything fried and full of hormone-laden meat).  However, this place is a shining example of delicious, freshly prepared food that offers health benefits not rivaled by much else.  The vegetarian and vegan preparations are outstanding, and the injera is fresh and perfectly formed.  The setting is peacefully arranged with traditional Ethio seating options as well as standard "American slopping tables." The owner is warm and delightful; and enjoys notoriety amongst a large group of loyal customers (it's nice to know there are actually people in Tampa who have an ability to appreciate good food when they encounter it).
I was excited to try the lunch buffet.  The atmosphere was really nice and the food was great.  There were many vegetarian/vegan options.  I do wish there would have been labels on the food so I could remember whats what.  If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask the staff.  They're really nice and will give you any information you need.  I thought it was interesting that they had forks out at the buffet, I had never seen this before at an Ethiopian restaurant. Most people there were using forks, but I think the traditional way to eat Ethiopian cuisine is by using your hands to scoop food into the bread (injera).  So that's what I did :)  I'd suggest getting a couple of different plates of food and eating this way instead of trying to put everything on one plate.  I also ordered coffee which was served in the cutest little cup/saucer.  It was good, strong.   All you can eat for $10 isn't bad at all, but if you don't eat a lot you might be ok with something from the menu or a combo platter.
I've got to go back, after reading some of the reviews. I should give this place another shot. I love Ethiopian food. I lived in New York for awhile and with all the selection there - it was my favorite cuisine. I didn't like the food at Queen of Sheba. It didn't taste fresh. One of the dishes on our combination plate was way too bitter. I didn't eat more than one bite. The waitress wasn't very nice. We brought in a restaurant.com coupon and she wasn't very accommodating. I should give it another shot because I really want to like this place. I hesitate, though, because really my meal was just gross.
Great place!  If you are looking for something different this is it.  The waitress was super slow but all the other servers were real fast.....We saw others come in order get there food before she even took our order......hopefully she will get with the program
Lunch buffet had a wide range of vegetable and meat dishes in chafing trays. Good flavor with some tending on the more ordinary and others flavorful. Nothing wowed me nor was anything a true turn-off. Maybe ordering off the menu may prove more enticing. Doesn't compare to Ethiopian in say the Adams Morgan area in DC, but then this isn't DC.
Ethiopian restaurants seem to have a hard time lasting long in Tampa, remembering several in the West Kennedy, South Tampa areas.  Queen of Sheba seems to have staying power.  Have eaten there with family and we all enjoyed the unique cuisine and gracious service.  ' The restaurant is well-decorated with Ethiopian/African art & artifacts, and the service staff are in native garb.  Food selections are authentic, with some meat dishes but relying more on vegetables, legumes & starches, including using flat injera bread in lieu of silverware to eat.   The Queen's sampler platter is a very good way to try a variety of dishes.  Very nice teas and desserts to complement the meal.  Look at the included photos to see the food arrayed on a huge round of bread. And yes, we have eaten in several Ethiopian restaurants in Washington DC where there are lots.....we find this at least comparable to the Adams Morgan options on food quality and  superior in service & presentation.  So the Queen seems like a keeper to repeat.
I haven't had Ethiopian food too often, but the times I had it I somehow felt it was a better experience. The service was actually great.  The waitress was attentive and checked in on us multiple times.  She was very patient and good with explaining menu items to us. I just thought the food was... kind of blec...  All mishy moshy and so forth.  Most of the stuff was too bland.  Then another one was like very spicy.  It was a strange contrast going from something almost tasteless to something that was so spicy that I couldn't actually taste the food content.  Not that it was too spicy either, because I can handle that level of spice, but there just wasn't any flavor "behind" it.  If you know what I mean.  Also... the bread was served cold and it seemed dried out at the edges.  I know I've had it very very moist in the past. This place was worth trying, but I won't be going back.  One of those rare times when the yelp reviews haven't guided me to the right place for me.  It has happened a few times because I'm vegetarian.  This place actually had TONS of veggie options, so that wasn't an issue at all.  Oh well, the quest for trying new places continues.
A friend and I went for the lunch buffet.  It was wonderful.  So many options for vegetarians and meat eaters but a little expensive for lunch.  I think it was $12 then, even so, it's still a great deal for how many options there are and how tasty everything we tried was.   The atmosphere is a little quiet and we couldn't hold our normal level of volume for our lunch but it was kind of nice to just focus on the food.   I probably had 5 of the "injera" bread/utensils.  Ethiopians don't eat with forks and use this spongy bread to eat with.  It was delicious. My recommendation is to get the buffet for sure, it lets you try lots of freshly made Ethiopian foods.
4.5 stars out of 5.  There wasn't anything bad at all about our experience, but we weren't completely blown away either. :) This was our first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and Queen of Sheba was a great place to do it.  We ordered the Queen's 8 which was a plate of 8 different vegetarian dishes put on one giant injera (the crepey like bread you eat everything with).  Everything on the plate was awesome and by the time we were done we were so full we couldn't even finish the bread bottom which had all the delicious sauce soaked into it.  Between the beets, lentils, and some really good collared greens, it was hard to pick a favorite.  And for $28 for two people, it was well worth it. We got there early so service wasn't a problem for us, but by the time we left the place was getting pretty busy and there were only two servers so it did take a bit to get our check.  That said, none of it took long at all and we were very pleased with the level of service.   This is a very vegetarian friendly place and totally worth the money.  I can't wait to go back and try some more of the vegetarian dishes since they had a whole page of things to try.
This review is for a lunch visit: Buffet style So, first time here, high expectations based on people's comments: The buffet allows one to sample a variety of flavors, but it has a few issues - First, no cards indication what is in the bins. Its a buffet - you need to define what is what for people. I tried a lot of things (would have anyway) but would have preferred to know what each dish was. Second issue: The rolled up spongy bread stuff - in Ethopian restaurants I've eaten in previously, it was served warm - and rocked. This was ice cold and that kinda ruins the texture IMO. The flavors were good, the portion (buffet) nothing you can complain about - but it took til I was almost done to get my soda... I think I'll come back and try ordering off the menu. The lunch buffet is just so-so.
If it wasn't for Groupon I would have never thought of trying Ethiopian food. My experience with this place was just okay. I love trying new food from different cultures so I had nothing to fear. It was pretty packed when I went with a friend because it was the last day to use our groupon. They have a large menu which can be pretty hard to pick an item from. We used out groupon wisely and had a appetizer sampler and also a queen entree. We tried so many different types of dishes that I can not remember what was what. The service was okay, it was borderline bad to okay actually. It was hard to get a supply of water in our cups and I had a view of the hallway that had a leaking roof. I watched water drip into a bucket the whole dinner. For me personally I don't think I would crave Ethiopian food or think about it but it wasn't that bad. It's not my favorite either. It was just a really fun experience because we ate with out hands and with a spongy bread.
I was staying at the Wyndham for work when I came across the Yelp review of this restaurant and then subsequently saw a pamphlet on it in the lobby. The hotel staff did not know where it was even though it was only 2 miles away! Well, thanks to my friends at Yelp, I had a great dinner at a great price. The food was much better than the much more expensive and not as tasty Capital Grille where I had dinner the night prior. I will admit that I have had Ethiopian food before, in Los Angeles, Berkeley and San Diego, which have a good variety of Ethiopian restaurants. I will have to say that this restaurant has the best that I have tasted. The service was great and started with a nice cinnamon tea. I ordered a sampler and it was served family style with a basket of injera bread to use (yes, you use your hands and the bread to scoop up the food!). No utensils, so its also a fun second date place. Although it is in a small strip mall, the interior is lit well with mood lighting and the ambiance was very nice. The waitress may have been the owner, and she was truly very nice and down to earth. She appreciated that
A gem of a place with excellent food and customer service. I frequented this restaurant while in Tampa during my business trips and my experience was par excellence each time. The hot tea was amazing with all its aromas and hints of spices. For dinner, each time I ordered Queen's Eight Platter - sampling of different dishes (chef's choice). The owner chef is very accommodating to your requests for different food items and provides helpful suggestions regarding the same. The portions are generous and surprisingly, prices are not high, compared to other places I've been to in different locations. Also, each table has its own bottle of hand-sanitizer which you don't find in many place. I will definitely be going there during my next visit to Tampa.
I was working in Tampa a few weeks ago and needed to grab a quick lunch from a place within walking distance, so I walked into Queen of Sheba.  Service was wonderful, and there was a lot of vegan and vegetarian options to choose from at the buffet.   It may be that lots of spices are par for the course with Ethiopian food, but I found there to be too many different spices among the foods I'd chosen.  I felt like I needed a palate cleanser a few times just to clear out one flavor before eating something new. I'd totally eat there again on my next trip.
The first time I ate Ethiopian food, I was in a dark, atmospheric restaurant called Zeke's in Georgetown, D.C. - and I thought the injera - the spongy, crepe-like bread made out of teff - were napkins! Where were the forks and knives!? Chopsticks? Help! You eat with your hands, using the injera, and I had a lovely meal - delicious cuisine! Well, after having been in a few more Ethiopian restaurants over the years, I have to give Queen a Sheeba only 3 stars. Let me tell you what I did like. I huge menu, great service on a busy evening, and an awesome atmosphere. I was excited to try the lamb (sega wat), chicken (doro wat), and some veg stew (aletcha) - plus some lentil entrees - delicious. What was not the best was the overall flavor. It was well seasoned, but some entrees seemed fresher than others - probably a result of the big menu. Also, nothing was hot enough for us - some menu items were sold as hot or spicy, and they came out garlicky and seasoned, but with no heat we could detect. It was a feast - and over-all very tasty. I will go again - it is hard to decide on a place with only one visit - and although I have had some experience with Ethiopian food, I certainly don't have it every month, or even year! This is a special place, and it seems to be doing well. Try it - it is tasty!
First time eating ethiopian food.  Went here for a birthday with a large group of people.  I ordered the Dor Wat.  It was simply put, delcious.  Everyone enjoyed the food.  It was a bit warm in the resturant for us and the service was a little slow.  There seemed to be only one person working and we did have a large group so that is very understandable.    I would 100% go back if another opoprtunity arises.
I don't love in tampa but our friend who does took us here. the food was great in flavor! we got the queens eight vegetarian platter for two. Unfortunately the server didn't write down that we wanted the vegetarian one so the meat one came out instead. it was fixed and brought back out pretty quick though. we would've liked more injera and when we asked for more they brought us like 4 more rolls...not really enough in my opinion and we would've gladly paid a little extra for more. the food took a while to come out and I understand it takes a while to cook (says so on the menu) but there were only a handful of other tables and they were all parties of 2-3 people. the service was kind of inattentive and slow. our server wasn't good about checking in on us and only refilled our small water glasses once or twice after they had been empty for a while. Overall I just wasn't really impressed with anything but the decorating and the actual flavor of the food. If this place could improve their customer service I think that would make it worth coming back to.
I've had some great Ethiopian food but this place was the worst ever, very disappointing and overpriced! The service was very slow and the waitress spent most of the time chatting with her fellow employees and essentially ignoring us.   The menu was misleading - it lists a combo of "all vegetables" for $15, but really you just get 8 items of their choosing - the "Queen's Eight" platter.  Our waitress didn't even know this, until I questioned after she only brought us 6 items, and she had to ask someone else.  It seems unfair to charge the exact same price for a vegetarian platter as for one with meat dishes.   Every other place I've visited served the combo platter on a big piece of injera spread out on a large plate but here they serve a few (very small) portions of items on a couple of strips of injera.  Their injera was a disgrace!  As some other reviewers have noted, it was slightly dried out and the edges were crusty!  To top it off, the veggie items were maybe lukewarm, at best, and pretty bland for Ethiopian cuisine.   As we finished up our meal, I chose to eat a salvageable portion of the injera that had all the juices soaked into it.  Unfortunately hiding underneath it was a long black hair! Needless to say, we won't be back!!!
I spent some time overseas. Now I have never eaten Ethiopian food, but this had flavors of some of the things I've eaten. Such well developed flavors without meat in some dishes. I ordered the sampler for an appetizer and loved it all. I followed that up with the Queen of Sheba 8. I highly recommend that path for the amount of variety you get with both dishes. Also eat with your hands, it's welcomed as well as appreciated here. My new favorite spot! I honestly am upset I didn't try I sooner.
Love the food here. The samosas were so good (why are samosas so hard to find around tampa bay?) and the Queens eight is always a good choice as you get to sample a bit of everything. They make sure to tell you what dishes are spicy so whimps can avoid it (which I tend to be on occasion) . The teas here are delicious too. When we came they were nice enough to let us bring in a bottle of wine. Terrific service, very unique atmosphere and delicious food
I was visiting Tampa for business and had the taste for Ethiopian food.  I love the injera bread but what I love the most are the people.  My trip was a solo business trip but I felt like I was amongst family.
One of the most original, delicious experiences in the Tampa Bay area. For those not afraid to eat with their hands, you'll love it here. The service can be slow at times, but that's because it is a family run business and they can be short staffed sometimes. That doesn't stop me from coming in often. The flavors are like nothing I have experienced and the selection is vast. Whether you're a vegetarian or carnivore, there is plenty for both. The red lentils (miser wot) and spicy stewed beef (tibs wot) have won everyone over I have brought there. If you're not sure what you might like, try the lunch buffet during the weekdays. It's only $10, and you get to try the most popular dishes on the menu and eat as much as you want.
Queen of Sheba is really tasty food and a fun dining experience. The weekday lunch buffet is fun, but ordering off the menu is also reasonable. The platters are nice because they let you try several different dishes. They have a wide variety of vegetarian dishes, including a couple of different lentil dishes, some cold dips, collard greens, potatoes and carrots, and a few different salads. I wish they served a bit more injera with the platter (or a fork to eat the remaining food when you run out of injera!) Service here is quite slow even when there aren't many patrons, and it takes a while to order, get water refills, get the check, etc., so if you're in a hurry the lunch buffet would probably be a better option. Regardless, Queen of Sheba is a lot of fun and a really delicious meal, and I will certainly be back.
Queen of Sheba held a booth at the Straz Center's Taste the Best of Tampa Bay. I have always been curious about Ethiopian cuisine. I know very little about African cuisine - although I do know that some Puerto Rican cuisine uses borrowed African concepts from way back in world conquest days. The thing I liked most about the samples I tasted was all the unique flavors - it was like Indian food (one item even looked just like a samosa), but it wasn't. I cannot even correctly describe what was going on in my mouth when I was tasting the Queen of Sheba, but she was tasty and I know that I will be back for a follow-up and look forward to dining in African ambiance soon. Looking forward to broadening my horizons with some friends soon at a future visit.
Went there for dinner tonight with a friend and we both left happy. We arrived late, but the staff graciously welcomed us and stayed open late so we could finish our meal at our leisure. Everything was excellent. Our chicken tibs and lamb tibs were moist, tender and flavorful. And our kitfo was spicy and delicious, even though we ordered it "traditional" (raw) and instead it arrived slightly cooked. Overall, our injera was loaded with goodness, including lentils, veggies and greens, and we took home leftovers at a pretty reasonable price. My only gripe is that the wine list could be a bit more extensive, but that's a minor quibble. I'll definitely be back soon. (2/2/2009)
A truly unique experience.  The food was outstanding, décor was artistic, and the wait staff extremely pleasant.
Love this place! If you've never tried ethiopian food, this is the place to go! It's a quaint little hole in the wall, but don't let that decieve you, the food is absolutely delicious. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because sometimes the portion size varies, and depending on the chef, the food doesn't always taste exactly the same.
I love me some Ethiopian food!  Now that Miami is devoid of options (moment of silence for Sheba and Kafa), I was thrilled to find Queen of Sheba while on a trip to Tampa.  The spices and menu options were dead on.  The kitfo, always a favorite of mine, was buttery and delicious.  The collards were tender and vinegary.  The level of heat...perfect.  Plus, the owner is a fellow-Piscean, and a joy to meet.  Don't be dissuaded by the small location.  Once inside, your taste buds will thank you for the virtual trip to Ethiopia.  Just make sure you bring adventurous souls with you.  You'll be eating with your hands, and enjoying some fantastic flavors.  I saw two people on a date at a neighboring table.  The girl in the duo looked like she was wishing her man had taken her to the Olive Garden.  (May I please have salt and pepper?  Can I please have a fork?  GOD, WOMAN!  You're in an Ethiopian restaurant.  Snap out of it!) So, with all this, why 4 vs 5 stars?  I have to wish for a sleeker, more modern decor.  I know I should be more forgiving about that, but peach, sponge-painted, cake frosting-like stucco does detract from a dining experience for me.  Yup, I want it all!  Now, if only I could find some willing investors to help the owner open a place in Miami.  We need Queen of Sheba Miami!  STAT!
It may not be this place, it may just be Ethiopian food that I'm not a fan of.  I consider myself to be very open minded and anti-picky when it comes to trying new things.  I just really couldn't get into this place.  I feel like I spent a lot of money for a meal that was just "okay".  I probably won't ever go back.
So, the food is ok, but its way overpriced for the portion sizes, except if you go for the lunch buffet.  And the customer service (particularly on the part of the manager) is horrible.   I just had a terrible experience with a Groupon with this restaurant.  The restaurant did not meet the requirements of the coupon.  The coupon said that it would bring 2 tomato salads.  They were "out of tomatoes" and didn't replace the salads with anything.  The coupon also said that it would come with their appetizer sampler, which is normally $12.  Well they didn't bring the normal sampler.  Instead they brought a dip, some bread, some lettuce, and a lentil roll.   Then at the end of the meal, the manager told me that I was required to pay a tax and gratuity on the $65 original value, even though they hadn't brought me $65 worth of food and even though the Groupon does not say that gratuity is required.  She also criticized me for coming "all the time with a coupon" even though I've only been there a couple times with a coupon and I've been there more than a dozen without (my family is Ethiopian and always wants to go for an occasion.)   So, overall, go try it if you like Ethiopian, but beware of the prices and the customer service.
I'd like to start this review by letting you know what a patient man I am in regards to dining. I completely understand that a restaurant can become overwhelmingly busy on a Saturday night. Trust me, I get it and I can empathize. If the place is slammed, I am fine with enjoying my company and waiting a little longer than usual, it's cool. That being said tonight was my 6th visit and will absolutely be my last. I originally came in with my wife a few months ago and we loved it. We immediately returned the next week for lunch. We had a couple of more dinners and I also brought a friend in for lunch about a month ago (see a pattern?) We were very excited to find they had a groupon last night and decided to pick one up for this evening. This time we were bringing one family member (local) and one from out of town. We made a reservation for the four of us and talked the place up to them prior to heading out. Upon arriving we could immediately see the place was filled to capacity and had a wait. A woman walked by us several times but did not greet us, or acknowledge us in anyway. Finally she asked us how many in our party, and we told her we had a reservation, at which point she mumbled something and walked away. We continued to wait up front for ten minutes before they shuffled two tables around and sat us. At this point we began to wait for water and menus for nearly another ten minutes. When the water glasses came one of them had lipstick on them and my wife asked for a new glass. The waitress left  and (after leaving to another table) returned with the same glass. We knew it was the same glass because it had a little bit of lipstick still on it; she had managed to wipe off most of it though. My wife picked up a napkin and buffed the glass, cleaning the remaining lipstick off the edge. Somehow we ended up with one glass of water and three empty glasses as the waitress attended yet another table. After 15 minutes of sitting we were finally brought the menus, which were at the front door and could have been brought with us to the table, or brought to us at anytime. We also got the rest of our glasses filled. While we were looking at the menu another lady came up and asked if I would like to sit against the wall, and I declined. I was unaware that I was partially blocking a walkway from one side of the restaurant to the other. I was unaware of this because that's where they sat us, at a round table with six chairs. It never occurred to me that one of these chairs would be the wrong choice and I would then be asked to move, I simply took a seat and sat down. When I declined she insisted aggressively "No Please MOVE." She could have addressed the matter in a much more tactful way and I would have understood/respected her request. Instead I had what seemed to be an offer, followed by what appeared to be a very angry woman telling me what to do when I declined. I do wonder what they would have done with 6 people though? The waitress, who seemed very nice and told us she was new, came over to take our order. Unfortunately that's where the next problem arose. My wife and I had purchased the groupon for two, which had the sampler platter, an appetizer, and coffee. Our guests were ordering off the menu and had no groupon. We were immediately told that our groupon would not be honored on the weekend.  We pulled it up on the phone and saw that there were no restrictions other than the start date. In other words nowhere did it say we could not use this on the weekend. The waitress told us that the other (angry) woman said "no." We asked to speak with her and explained that the groupon did not exclude the weekends. Her response was apathetic and basically "F-U", and it appeared at this point that we were clearly annoying her with our requests for an explanation. At this point-35 minutes-I was completely ready to leave and said "forget it." In my opinion all of this could have been salvaged had the woman simply sharpened her communication skills and learned manners. It was a bummer too because we were really looking forward to tonight. As stated earlier, I had met the owner and she was very nice. I also thought the food was fantastic, and while the service wasn't very attentive in the past, I overlooked that for the uniqueness of the meal. Having four guests walk out of your establishment is one thing, especially since two had never been there before. Having four guests never come back is quite another. Train your staff to deal with busy periods in a way that allows them to communicate with guests effectively. Train your staff to never speak rudely to guests. Train your staff to multi task, it is possible to carry water and menus in the same trip for instance. There were so many ways the staff could have turned our experience around tonight and stopped us from leaving, but nobody seemed to have a clue or care. We won't be back. If I want Ethiopian cuisine I'll drive to Orlando next time.
Very interesting place to bring the kids for dinner. You eat strange foods with your hands in a very friendly comfortable atmosphere. We love adventures in dining so this would be great if do too!
Eh, don't believe the hype on this place, its obvious most of these people have not been to DC and had real Ethiopian. I was let down by the food personally due to lack of flavor, however the service was decent. I only ate about half the meal before I gave up and asked for the check.
Excellent!!!!!!  The owner was warm and wonderful.  We had 4 children with us and she made sure to put things on our plate they would love.  We did not order from the children's menu.  I loved the yellow split peas to death.  My 2 year old daughter almost all of the potatoes, so I didn't get to taste any.  The lamb cubes were off the hook and I'm still thinking about them.  If I'm ever in Tampa again, I would definitely go back.
Please visit...If you have never had Ethiopian food before, do yourself a favor and get here quickly.The owners are very cordial and will make sure that you enjoy your meal, Ethiopian dining is a very intimate experience, your food is served  without utensils, you use traditional injera (bread) to scoop the food which is served in little piles on an injera. The vegetarian entrees are plentiful and the  vegetarian sambussas are amazing, filled with lentils and spices, then deep fried in somehing similar to a wonton wrapper. Try the vegetarian platter which has a multitude of dishes to sample, including lentils, chickpeas, potatoes, cabbage and green beans. You will be happy that you have stepped out of the norm, make sure you have a coffee or tea at the end of your meal. YUMMY :-)
Well I just don't know where to start!!! 2nd time here, and not impressed, the 1st time was not memorable either but not as bad as the 2nd time. Should have known better then to go when a Groupon was active. We did not have a Groupon, mea culpa. Got there at the right time, got a table, and waited, finally got water, no ice, took a while to get ice. Took a while to get service, did I mention NO GROUPON!!! Finally ordered apps, and drinks. We got our apps way after other people that came after us got theirs; ours went to a different table, what we got was not even what we ordered. After the apps, we finally placed our order; we got paper napkins (2 napkins for 2 people). Since our waitress was MIA most the time, got another server to give us more napkins, she gave us 2 more paper ones. Napkins at an Ethiopian restaurant should flow like water. Why we were not given cloth ones is a mystery, maybe it was a signal that we did not have a GROUPON!!! Ordered 2 entrées, a lamd dish and a chicken dish Served on a single platter over injera A scoop of lamb, not well seasoned, and tough Two small chicken drumsticks, excellent taste and cooked just right. One ice cream scoop serving size each of, collards, cabbage and lentils, all three very good. We finally asked for our check, since there was no sense in getting desert or coffee (or diner). Left the place, when to another establishment, and got a couple of apps and desert, and at least we did not go home hungry. Are Groupon customers more desirable than regular customers? Not going to find out at this establishment, since it is very unlikely that we will be back for a third time.
I've only been here once and there is a reason why. I like all kinds of international food, especially Indian and Vietnamese, so I was excited to give this place a try, but disappointed shortly after arriving. Perhaps I just don't care for Ethiopian cuisine, but it definitely left something to be desired. My guest and I ordered the sampler plate, which came out with 8 different piles of various stews and injera. The tastes of the stew were quite odd and not something I wanted to keep eating. The service was fairly slow. Food was pretty expensive, probably because they are one of the only Ethiopian places around. If you're feeling extremely adventurous, give it a try, but I likely won't be back again.
We came down to Florida to visit my 93 year old grandma. Even though my Grandma grew up very sheltered on a farm in the small town Midwest, she pretty much kicks ass and is up for everything. She went on a camel caravan when she was in her sixties, eloped at Circus Circus Hotel in Las Vegas when she was in her seventies, and has gone drinking Wednesday nights with her posse of friends through her eighties and into her nineties. BUT! She had never had Ethiopian food. So when we came to visit we drove into Tampa to the one and only Ethiopian place. Our party consisted of 2 30-somethings, 1 five year old, and 1 93 year old. A wide spectrum. We ordered the vegetarian platter for the table. The food was all great, with the slight exception of the collard greens which were a bit tough and bitter. The five year old thought eating with his hands was awesome. My grandmother declared it some of the best food she had ever had, and bemoaned her friends (they will apparently only eat over cooked meat and potatoes). Our server was really friendly and nice. We ordered a couple of glasses of an inexpensive white wine to go with the food and had a grand time. I can legitimately say this place was good for all ages. I've eaten Ethiopian food many times in many cities, and while it's not the absolute best Ethiopian food I've had (that honor goes to a place in Pittsburgh), it was above average and well worth eating.
Ate here a couple of weeks ago. Ate the sampler for one and it was awesome and super filling. Slow service.
The lunch buffet is money! So worth every penny and don't leave with our an Ethiopian coffee. I'll be visiting again shortly.
Can't go wrong with the Queen's Meat Combo.  Every meal I've had here has been quite good, regardless of what I've ordered.  The Yekemem Shai tea is pretty good. The cinnamon, cardamom and cloves used in it aid in digestion, which some folks might benefit from if not used to the spices of the food.
It's a great place if you like spicy food and you want  to try something different... We ordered the appetizer sampler and it was great!!... The queen platter was very good too!!
As we perused the menu, we noticed that they specified that all the vegetarian items were also vegan. I don't usually see the word "vegan" on an Ethiopian menu so I thought that was great.   I noticed some unusual items on this particular menu like a beet-based dish, which I was excited about. We decided to go with the Chef's Choice, which is described as all of the vegetable dishes on one platter.  Unfortunately, though, that is not the case. Our waitress informed us that we'd be served a sampling of whatever was available so instead of all 12 dishes, we may only get to sample 9-10 dishes. Seems like false advertising to me. She also mentioned that in addition to our sampler platter, we'd be receiving two appetizer spreads as well. She immediately brought out a basket of injera, which is a spongy bread made from teff. She also brought out a thick, spicy paste and a spread made of jalapenos. Although it seemed odd, we assumed these were the appetizer spreads because she didn't say they weren't.  When we picked up the injera we were immediately taken aback by how hard it was. We tried it and it was hard and dense - the opposite of how it should be. When we inquired as to whether we could get better bread, the waitress mentioned they were cooking more and she'd bring some more out. I mean, the injera was so bad, we could barely eat it. When she placed the platter down, she pointed out the appetizer spreads -- so they weren't the items that were first placed on the table. I figured as much, but I would have appreciated her mentioning that. What we first tried were spreads/spices that should be mixed into food. She also brought new injera, which was a much better consistency. Unfortunately though, the hard, bad injera was underneath all of our dishes on the platter. They typically lay one big piece of injera down on a platter and scoop each of the dishes on top of it. One of the best parts of Ethiopian food is getting down to the bottom of each dish so that you can eat the injera that has soaked up all the juices of the dish. In this case, that wouldn't be an option because the bread was hard and dense. Oh, well. So, we tried the appetizer spreads first -- the first one, Azifah, was made of whole lentils blended with diced onions, green peppers, jalapeno, mustard and olive oil. I really liked this one. The other one was Buticha, which was crushed chickpeas mixed with olive oil, diced onions, garlic, hot pepper and mustard. This was our favorite. Then, we tried the entrees, which were spread out all over the platter.  We first tried some of the lentil-based dishes and they were terrible. Typically, Ethiopian food is cooked with many delicious spices -- many with berbere - a spice mix. This food tasted like nothing - no spice and no taste. When we finally got our waitresses attention, she didn't seem to  understand what we wanted. All we were asking for was more spiciness -- she kept asking if we wanted new food. We said we'd like to have spicier food. She finally took the tray back. When she returned, I was speechless. Instead of giving us better dishes, the chef took dry spices and sprinkled them all over the dish. Really? I couldn't believe it. And he doused some of the dishes completely in dry spice -- didn't even mix it in! Wow. We tried them and they were almost inedible. It was the worst Ethiopian food we'd ever had in our lives. There was even one dish that was supposed to be fava beans, but instead it was kidney beans. When I asked the waitress if they had the fava bean dish, she said these were the only beans they had and she didn't know which ones they were. It was all very disappointing. The only thing that was good was the green salad in the center of the platter, but I guess it would be hard to mess up a salad. The kidney beans and chickpeas were incredibly overcooked as well. The cabbage dish that is usually very light was doused in berbere. Soon thereafter someone called and we heard the waitress tell them they'd be closing the restaurant at 8:15 p.m. because they ran out of injera. That is like a Mediterranean restaurant running out of pita bread!  In the end, we ate some of it because we were hungry, but I think Zach said it best when he said, "Was it edible - yes. Was it good - no." Finally, the waitress brought us the check and seemed very upset. She said that the owner and chef had been out of town for a few weeks and the person cooking actually wasn't a cook at all. Maybe it was someone who usually prepped. In any case, she told us that everyone has been unhappy with the food and she was very frustrated as well. The owner prepared a bunch of food before he/she left and this person was just heating it up. The waitress ended up trying to make good by only charging us half of our bill. That was really nice and we appreciated it, but the damage was done.
Fascinated by the many flavors of our world, I strive to be proactive in consistently tasting international foods as a means to keep my taste buds enthusiastically diversified. My palate welcomes interesting concoctions so long as they are spiced perfectly right, cooked to ideal tenderness and each bite tastes better than the last.  Driving down Henderson Avenue in South Tampa, my curiosity is always at an all-time high when I see Queen of Sheba, an Ethiopian restaurant that looks delightfully quirky from it's exterior.  I have read a handful of rave reviews on the eatery praising its authenticity and rich flavors of stews, 100% vegan slow-cooked veggies and much, much more. Without fail, I've mentioned my intentions on dining there almost every week for the last year my boyfriend and I have driven by it.  He has often shrugged, uninterested in something that just seems so strange to his always-growing palate (thanks to his foodie girlfriend).  Even for me, one who sings her own praise on her sophisticated taste; Ethiopian food was quite the walk out of my comfort zone.  Yet, I had to go there.            It was Friday night and the dimly-lit cozy restaurant was moderately busy.  A hostess greeted us and sat us within seconds of our arrival.  Our server however, was not in a rush to get to her guests.  Once she did, she was pleasant enough, smiling and offering very brief explanations on some of the dishes but appeared indifferent to our first dining experience at the establishment. With that said, she did politely point out the no utensil "rule."  Yes, that is correct.  When not using their bare hands, Ethiopians use a sponge-like bread called Injera to handle all of their meats, stews and veggies.  The Injera comes in a rolled up fashion and can be used like a food "grabber" or "pincher."  It is quite the technical tool.  After sopping our hands with the provided sanitizer, we respectfully asked for forks.              When our entrees came out, I was childishly excited to see that our meal was covered by a large Ethiopian hat.  When the server unveiled the plate, she thankfully identified each item, including my boyfriend's chicken which was added to my oversized plate.  I did not even know where to start.  So I began with what I believed would be the least agreeable, the Gomen (collard greens).  These greens were no standard southern fare, for they had their own set of rules with flavors that wanted to be remembered.  The greens were steamed with a serious kick of garlic.  Next up for my hands was the Atkilit Alecha, a memorable montage of carrots, potatoes and green beans in a beautifully balanced sauce that tasted too rich for vegetables-not that I was complaining.  The sauce was spiced with aromatic flavors that officially welcomed me to Ethiopia.  These were spices I have tasted before but in no combination like this one.  The Ye Kik Alecha, a yellow split pea dish was also arranged in a small pile on my plate.  The ginger and turmeric did this dish great justice, once again showing off the Ethiopian cuisine.       Ye Beg Wot was a delicious lamb stew mixture with seasonings strange, but undoubtedly delectable.  The lamb was fork (or hand) tender with just the right amount of kick for a spicy food  addict.  The most interesting creation on my plate was the Doro Wot, a free range chicken (awesome) and hardboiled egg stew.  The chicken came bone-in, skin on and was insanely juicy.  The hardboiled egg, covered in the rich meaty brown sauce nearly scared me, until I paired it with a bite of the chicken.  This unusual, but mouth watering sampling won me over...as it should; it is their national dish.  There was also the Chicken Dullet that my boyfriend ordered.  It was tasty but nothing overly special.  In a very mild sauce, its tenderness barely made up for the sauce, lacking in effort.  There were only a few other samplings interestingly adorned on my plate.  The Tibs Wot was succulent beef mixed up in a heavenly red pepper stew and spiced by the Gods.  It took over my mouth with its lusciousness.  I believe my eyes began narrating every bite.  The meat was divine, the stew so rich-I could have eaten only this and plan to with every future visit.     Queen of Sheba is not everyone's cup of tea.  It does not cater to your average Joe.  If you are annoyingly picky, please do them a favor and do not go.  It is a place for ethnic food enthusiasts, those who are always up for a flavor adventure. It is a place I strongly recommend for its true to culture cuisine and boom of extreme flavor in every bite.
I surprised a friend by bring him here. He simply loved it, The food was excellent. some of the food was a bit spicy for me, but it did not keep me away ;.) We all had a blast. The staff was very attentive,.. A must go spot!!!
Outstanding. Try the fire shrimp!!!
The food was pretty good but the service... eh. I ordered lamb tibs thinking it was one price but the worker apparently charged or put in an order for some other lamb tibs that were a dollar or two more. She should've confirmed which one I was talking about. She did charge me for what I thought I would be charged though.
Relative to other ethiopian places in the area (none), unparalleled. Still, doesn't coast- great food. The service was nice, and helpful. I experienced my first Ethiopian food in a place with a large Ethiopian community (israel), and this doesn't compare. But I'd go back again!
I highly recommend the lunch buffet. great sampling of all their stuff. and it's not a trough, just small bowls of yumminess. changed often.  if you go for dinner try the queen's platter.
Wonderful food with gluten free and vegetarian/vegan options as well.  Free range chicken and eggs.  You can feel good about indulging here!
The food at Queen of Sheba is as clean as it gets. When eating here just go with it and use your hands, and their spongy Injera bread to scoop the deliciousness out of your plate. The plate I usually get is the vegetarian combination plate which is a sampler of all their vegetarian dishes on top of a giant injera. The food is well seasoned, and doesn't rely heavily on spicy heat, a good thing since it will allow you to truly enjoy all flavors. If you've never had Ethiopian food before you will become a fan after just one visit.
Food was great!  So many vegan options!
Excellent Ethiopian cuisine!  Many vegan options, and a sampler platter to boot!  The server was helpful and friendly.  I also had a great Ethiopian beer.  I definitely plan to go back to Queen of Sheba.
Wow, go here, eat good.
Good ethnic food, most ingredients are found domestically so spice and cooking style make all the difference. Bring your newcomer and they won't be overwhelmed. Ever feel like you want to puke because your food was so heavy? Not here. Feel full but able to move, due to fresh food and not ultra heavy carbs.
I love this place!  My husband and I ate here last year and had a very good experience.  This time we invited my aunt and uncle (who's gluten intolerant).  They had never eaten Ethiopian food before, but they're adventurous types and they loved it!  Our server was very pleasant.  She warned us that ordering the appetizers and the dinner for 4 was probably going to be too much food, so we skipped the appetizers and still couldn't finish everything.  She also recommended Ethiopian beers for each of us based on our individual preferences.  We each thought we got the best one, so she did a pretty good job!  She alerted my aunt about which were the hotter dishes, so she could avoid them.  There is a 'non-hot" option, but the rest of us voted that one down.  I thought the gluten-free injera was just as good as the regular.  I really wish this restaurant was in Miami, so I could go more often.
I'm so happy to see that there are now Ethiopian restaurants in Tampa again! The only one that existed closed down years ago.  This restaurant is good! I live in Chicago and it was nice to see that this restaurant offered different dishes than I can get at home. The prices are fairly reasonable. I took my mom there to try it since she's never had it. She really enjoyed it. I eat Ethiopian food weekly in Chicago. I was excited to see that I can get this cuisine now when I go visit my family! The service is extremely slow, but the food tasted excellent. I really liked the fish dish very much! The appetizers were small and pricey, but tasty so I'd say just order the entrees and skip the sambusa appetizers. I'm looking forward to going back again! I recommend this if you'd like to try fresh, flavorful food. It's fun to eat with your hands too!
I tried this restaurant for the first time last night and loved the unique experience! I am a big fan of trying new types of food and Ethiopian didn't disappoint. The restaurant is decorated in tune with the culture and all of the waitstaff were quite friendly and helpful. I was amazed that almost every single table was filled on a Tuesday night!  My friend and I go the combination platter for two so we could try an array of food. The bread that it came our on that you used to pick the food up with was the strangest texture I have ever eaten. I love spicy food; however, it was a little too bland for my tastes but it was still appetizing. The lentils were amazing! If you want to experience a unique dining experience, then try this little, unique restaurant.
This is certainly a must for adventurous eaters out there!  There are a lot of unkowns on the menu so I recommend the family platter, sort of like a chef's tasting, served on one large platter.   There was an assortment of meat (including 1 goat dish), chicken, and vegetarian samples, though they will work around your preferences.  It's served on a spongy flat bread with extra accomanying pieces on the side.  Do as the locals and dig in with your hands, wrapping the thick stews in some bread and mopping up the sauces.  It was tottally different from most other things I have had but there were some strong hints of Indian curry flavors though all of them were well spiced, some even spicy )hot).  I would not recommend this for a first date.  Bring someone you are comfortable getting messy with and have fun.  We cleaned our plate and they brought out seconds of our favorites.  You won't leave hungry and the service is friendly and family-like.
I love this place.  We've eaten here numerous times, both as a family and with out of town guests.  The food is always amazing and getting to share dishes is always an added bonus.  The service is always good and we've never had to wait to get a table.  Hopefully my review won't make the place so busy that that becomes a problem!  The place itself isn't much to look at from the outside which may concern some folks.  Nothing to be concerned about though.  The interior is lovely and the food is awesome!
Great food!  Great flavors!  Ask for the beef tartar. Not on the menu, but the best I've ever had.
the decor was ecclectic and fun and the service was pleasant, hence the second star.  the food was stale, and the accoutrements were bland.  i have had much better ethipian food- too bad, i was looking forward to trying this place for a long time.
First experience with Ethiopian cuisine was in D.C., the food was bursting with flavor, my tastebuds were dancing to a symphony of herbs and spices that till this day I am still searching for.  This place not so much, it looks like Ethiopian food but, one taste of it and you'll right away that their spice rack is limited to salt and pepper . The place is a bit dingy, and the wait staff clueless. This place makes me sad : (
The Chef's choice vegetarian platter is worth coming here for...again and again.  Service is friendly and genuine, and the prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.
Find myself divided on how to rate this establishment because I'm torn between the food and service. The food; interesting in spice, texture, and taste. Utensils available upon request:) Not needed since you get enough Injera (flat bread-ish rolled-up used to scoop up the nosh). The food was yummy. The appetizer sampler for 2 was a great gateway into the wealth of texture, spices, and tastes previously mentioned. You gotta like a bit of heat, everything seemed to have a spicy tone. The first item I bit into set my tongue ablaze!! Fortunately, either because my taste-buds have been burned off or because the rest of the food was mildly spiced, the heat level was manageable:) Let me mention that quite a few of the beef selections are served raw, read menu carefully (still quite tasty). Before I forget, the iced tea was absolutely amazingly delicious!! Continuing onto the service:( Frowny face because i was left under-impressed. First, my delicious tea was never re-filled. Secondly, my companion and I were left waiting for a rather lengthy time period. During our wait, the check was joked about and we laughingly threatened to sneak-out on it. We remained for at least 20 minutes just waiting for the check without a peep from our very soft-spoken waitress. She was not rude, just not as attentive as I would've liked. Thus leaving a mixed review. Food would've received 5 stars, the service 2.5. So I rounded up and gave it 4 stars. By all means, please visit this restaurant and enjoy the food, just be prepared for the so-so service. Cheers:)
Went to Queen of Sheba based on Yelp reviews and extreme craving for veg-friendly Ethiopian food on business trip.  Nice atmosphere, vegetarian/vegan options clearly marked with lots of options for non-vegans as well.  Wine selection goes beyond the usual and Ethiopian beer a terrific option with everything.  Seble (owner) was charming and delightful and, after having a cup of her amazing coffee (with her special spices), we bought some for the suitcase.  Food was wonderful, including delicious injera.  Patronize this restaurant!  It is a Tampa gem.
Excellent food, friendly and helpful service  Visiting Tampa on business. Took a few colleagues there after reading Yelp reviews. Everyone loved it. Fabulous flavor and very inexpensive. Highly recommend trying this place. For most in our group this was a 1st try at Ethiopian cuisine and Queen of Sheba did not disappoint!
I was looking for the spot  for my first time and smelt the food two blocks away before I saw the location. Very friendly staff.  I had the lunch buffet and it had everything from vegetarian to the beef tips.  All for around 10 bucks. Totally legit and authentic.
Had a wonderful dinner Saturday night (May 14) @ QOS. The ingera bread is addictive. The warm decor is authentic and service was informative and helpful. We loved the lamb, the spicy beef, and the lentils, potatoes. All authentic spices, with African wine selections, like Stellenbosch & Kanu. Highly recommended. Couldn't move!  Ask for a wonderful lady server named Sinait.
This was my first visit to Etheopian restaurant. I ordered platter of 8 items. I liked each one of those. The bread was really good, too. If  visit Tampa, I would definitely go here.
Awesome Ethiopian food in a very cool environment. Get the vegetarian combo platter and let them take care of you. The owner and staff treat you like family. Great overall experience, and I encouage you to support this local business.
