Gerardo is top notch! He's the only photographer my Colombian family uses. His family portraits are outstanding as are his shots of us as individuals. I've also had the pleasure of enjoying his work from some of the many Yelp events he's photographed. He's talented and has a great eye for composition, lighting, and color. He does landscapes and architecture shoots too, all with great skill. Gerardo is a consummate professional. He's super amiable and he always puts his subjects at ease so they shine and show personality in their brightest and most confident demeanor. Gerardo is absolutely first rate in all respects. The only problem I have is that he might be a little  too good. People see me in photographs he's taken and then when they meet me in person they are disappointed to discover I am not actually an extraordinarily handsome supermodel, rock star, or prince. Also his jokes need work.
I had the distinct honor of meeting Gerado at a Yelp event and I have been a huge fan of his ever since. Gerardo's work is stunningly beautiful. You will fall in love with his photography as soon as you take look at his pictures. Gerardo is very professional and courteous. More importantly, his kind and gentle demeanor will not only make you want to hire him for his photography, but you will want to make him a family member, too! I highly recommend Gerardo for any photography needs you may have. His passion and his talent for photography is a choice you will not regret!
Gerardo is an incredible photographer. I met him through an event and have bumped into him several times. He always gets a nice mix of photos at special events - group shots, candids, food, the venue, and capturing the special things that might get overlooked by the average person. He has an awesome eye for color and this is especially apparent in his "non-people" photos - businesses, buildings, etc. I think he could make even the most -blah- building look magical. I have no idea how he does it, but he does. I'm pretty sure this carries over from his real estate experience and trying to sell properties. So, if you're looking for a very friendly photographer who can sell your property, business, or product through photos, Gerardo is your man. If you're looking for someone to document your awesome party, he can hook you up there too.
Gerardo is the man and it has been awesome watching Gerardo grow as a photographer over the years. Working to a fault - always present at Yelp events snapping photos of fellow Yelpers. Gerardo often covers just as much as ground on the food scene as I do with his lovely wife. Gerardo is a people-person which I think is the key to having both a successful business and also being a great photographer. It's tough for anyone to not like Gerardo with his friendly demeanor and wide-range of interests. I have had hours of conversations with Gerardo about everything from politics to where the our next meal will be. From landscapes and food to people and events, Gerardo has a versatile portfolio and is willing to take on any challenge with the lens at his hand and I really admire that about him and his photography. His personal attitude makes him an excellent and easy person to connect with and helps make a subject feel comfortable during a photoshoot. I know who I will be going to when I need my graduation pictures taken. If you need a photographer, Gerardo Luna Photographs is your best choice in Tampa Bay.
Gerardo is an EXCELLENT photographer! He's got an eye for color and composition. He knows what he's doing and he really is very nice! I've had the pleasure of speaking with him at a few events, but it was at the last event that he captured a great shot.  I'm really happy with how it turned out. If you're looking for a photographer for any occasion, Gerardo is the person for you!
Over the years I've had the pleasure of working with a lot of terrific commercial and amateur photographers at a wide variety of events, and I have to count Gerardo Luna as one of the very best. I met Gerardo (and his wife Melissa) at our local Yelp events, and learned that in addition to being a great Yelper, he is also an extremely talented photographer. Gerardo shows up for the Yelp events with his trusty digital SLR camera taking some tremendous candid shots of the crowd and the venue, along with spectacular "magazine-quality" photos of the food and drinks. As we've gotten to know each other better I learned that he's a self-taught photographer who happens to have a great eye for photo composition, and a real talent for timing with his candid shots. In his "real life", Gerardo is a businessman, running successful commercial photography, as well as a real estate businesses in the Tampa area. He understands how to take photographs that will best portray the marketing needs of a business, and he brings his professionalism and organizational skills into play for his clients. I've had the opportunity to look through many of the photos on his website, and to learn some tricks for taking better food photos to upload with my Yelp reviews. The quality of my photos is directly attributable to "learning by watching" Gerardo at work. He's a super guy -- very easy to talk to, and always happy to make creative suggestions to insure that you end up with the best possible photos. I highly recommend that you take a look at the photos on his website, and strongly consider working with him if you're in need of a very good commercial photographer. P.S. He can help you buy & sell a house too!!!
Why 5 stars? Because it doesn't get better than this.   ---   ---   --- If I need any form of photography, Gerardo is the first and only person I will think of. He's everything you could ever ask for in a photographer. -Organized -Talented -Prompt -Innovative -Passionate The amazing thing is that he is completely self-taught. I can barely figure out my point-and-shoot... I don't know how he learned everything on his own, but it's a credit to his determination. Gerardo aka Herardo aka Gerry is a man of many names and many talents. He's the man, the myth, the legend when it comes to photography.
Gerry Luna is a class act. He did a photo shoot for Datz so that I could be a cover model for their menu. I showed up in an androgynous outfit and he posed me in a variety of ways, none of which upset that balance. Even better, with his client's permission, he graciously agreed to give me screen-resolution copies of the shoot so that I could use them as profile pics. As of late October 2013, his photograph of me is my icon, avatar, or profile photo on pretty much every website I've got an account on. The best part of the photo shoot: Gerry worked so efficiently in a cramped and oddly-lit space that we were done before that walk-in wine cooler froze my butt off!
Gerardo Luna Photography gets five stars because not only do Gerardo and Melissa take beautiful photographs of people, places, and best of all, food, but they are friendly and make you feel comfortable - the most important thing when your photo is being taken! Passion is evident in these photos, which are full of clear, rich color. I've watched them interact with Elite Yelpers at event after event, from the Profile Picture to the Rays game, and people always have fun. It's evident in the photos! Plus, we get top quality images back to feature in the Yelp Community Blog in record time. If you have an event that you want to capture with memorable photos, or need a food photographer that will make you want to indulge immediately, call them today!
I love Gerardo's photography! He has an excellent eye for composition and I love the bold, saturated images he creates. His photos make food come to life and landscapes appear to breathe. Plus, he is a very nice guy and a pleasure to be around.
I have been enjoying Gerardo's fantastic work for a year and a half and wish I had met him sooner!  Gerardo has a great eye and his shots of color, food, architecture and every day things from an artistic point of view keep getting better and better.  You are bound to see him at events throughout Central and West Florida snapping away at the people and fun surrounding us.  Gerardo would be an excellent addition to your next event or to help you with marketing your business.  I highly recommend Gerardo Luna as a professional photographer with fantastic skill and ethics!
Gerardo does beautiful work. His photographs are stunning in every sense of the word. He sees the beauty in everyday objects that most of us probably would not see. The colors are amazing. He is very personable and really loves what he does. You can feel the passion he has when he talks about photography. He is a true artist. If you are in need of photographs I highly recommend Gerardo Luna. He will work with you to get exactly the perfect shot. You will not be disappointed.
Gerardo takes some of the best pics for our Yelp events, and I've found the photographic mood to be almost sad when he's not there.  Not sure what kind of camera this guys uses, but it's got to be expensive.  Combine the tool with his keen eye and you've got a winner.  Most definitely my photographer of choice!
I had the pleasure of meeting Gerardo thru a business contact.  The first thing you notice about Gerardo is his easy going personality, which I like.  But on top of that is a person who is the consummate professional as far as his craft goes.  I liked the fact he wanted me to relax and take breaks in between shoots.  I had 100% faith in his ability to do his job and I just listened to his direction.  At the same token, he was open to any ideas I had for areas to use as a background setting in our shots.  Super person and I will be recommending him to any of my friends or business associates who need a photographer for any setting.  Thank you very much.
