My Husband and I decided to take a mini-vacation with our 9-month old son. We had not been anywhere since last Summer while I was pregnant, and wanted to get out of town, while seeing how he did in a hotel, traveling, etc. We chose SeaWorld, because they offer a Teacher Study Pass (Teachers from Florida get in Free), and we would only have to pay for my Husband's ticket (my 9-month old son went in free, of course). It was a great deal, considering the tickets are about $92. Preferred parking is $20, and worth the extra $5 (especially when you're with little ones). It was very hot, as it normally is in Florida during the month of August. We, being South Florida natives were expecting that. I feel that SeaWorld makes an effort to make their guests more comfortable, but unfortunately there are not many indoor attractions, which makes "keeping cool" a bit of a challenge, so be prepared to purchase a misting fan bottle, or bring your own (it's worth it - we bought one for our son, and it helped keep him cool, especially when he napped in his stroller), and the blades are soft, so no need to worry about him touching it. The shows we saw were great (Shamu Rocks and the Sea Lion Pirate show), but you cannot bring any strollers in, so make sure you prepare for that as well. Don't leave anything in the stroller that is valuable, and make sure you leave the canopy open (it may rain while you're in the show). Also, make sure you're prepared to carry your non-walking little ones in, and even the ones who walk, because you have to go up lots of stairs, etc. We ate breakfast at our Hotel (it was complimentary) and had a late lunch/early dinner at the park. We chose to dine at the "Sharks Underwater Grill". It was pricey, but it was worth it, even if just for the ambience. It is very cool and dim in there, which gives you a great opportunity to relax and unwind, while getting out of the scorching sun and heat. With that said, you are not allowed to bring strollers in there, either... and when your little one takes in the calming ambience and falls asleep, a high chair is not an appropriate place for them to nap. That is not the parks problem, but please be aware of that ;) The lobster bisque was amazing! My Husband had the Salmon, and I had the Tempura Shrimp. Both were very good, and the service was excellent. The high point of our day, would have to be the Antarctica exhibit. We couldn't go on the ride (not even the mild one) because the baby was not allowed, but we were able to see the Penguins. It was cold (32°F), so you may want to be prepared for that (we weren't) but it was absolutely amazing! The penguins are literally RIGHT THERE! It made us feel like we were really in Antarctica! Simply amazing. Lastly, and this is the reason why I needed to give 3 stars versus 4-5 stars... Their exit strategy. Being that the park was closing late for the "Summer Nights" event, almost everyone was at the Shamu Rocks show at 9pm. When the show ended, all those people (the arena was completely packed) began to exit the park, which closed at 10pm. Knowing that, SeaWorld still decided to close one of the paths which leads to the exit. My guess is that they wanted guests to pass through the area most populated with shops (shame on you, SeaWorld!), but regardless, it is COMPLETELY inconvenient. As you can imagine, by this point, our son was asleep, and we were looking to exit quickly. No chance. He woke up just as we passed the bridge walkway, and wasn't too pleased. Eventually we made it out of the park, which brings me to my 2nd complaint. The parking lot exit is also a BIG problem. We were standing in the same spot for 15 minutes (crying baby in tow) waiting for cars to move, until finally a fellow guest moved a cone and we were able to exit another way. They definitely need to make it easier for guests to exit the park and parking lot. Otherwise, a very successful trip :)
After more than 10 years of visiting Orlando on a regular basis and being the proud owner of yearly passes for "other" parks, at the suggestion of my wife, we finally broke down and paid a visit to Sea World. We were not dissapointed at all !! Sea World is home to 2 of the best roller coasters around: Manta - wow !!! this the newest addition to the park and it is outstanding. Not only for the ride itself but also for the attraction and the show created during the ride. Without delving into the technical issues, such as how many g's you are subjected to during the ride or hany loops you will go through - this ride is a must for any roller coaster enthusiast. Kraken  - stands alone in its own roller coaster category, arguably longer and more enjoyable than any of the coaster rides in Orlando. It is an outside rollercoaster, built apparently when they had plenty of land available within the park, it stretches out and back and does not dissapoint at all. The fish dlsplays, rides and shows are top notch. Glad we got these passes and we will repeat as often as we can.
SeaWorld is not all bad, a tourist trap yes! Like most of Orlando you can expect to see many idiots on vacation dressed in tropical shirts and ready to run over your toes with strollers as they gawk. As many places in this area, you pay for tickets and parking, everything costs money, and top dollar cash. It looks like an adult ticket is now 82$, you can get a combo ticket with Busch gardens for 99$. So you love your family and you shell out the cash. I think the shows here are some of the most entertaining. I know a trainer was chewed up, and people are being haters, but  they do try to do at least some conservation. As a kid when I went, they had a tank you could pet and feed the skates, that was my highlight. Is it worth the price tag most likely not. Again you love your family and decided to take them to Orlando FL the epicenter of amusement parks and tourist hell. I would recommend packing a bottle of booze or two in your luggage, so you can decompress after you take one for team.
How this place is currently rated four stars is beyond me. This park had high promise with Manta and Kraken, but took a bad turn with the Turtle Trek addition. Turtle Trek was the most frustrating experience I had in a theme park, it was a huge public service announcement, that I was unable to escape. To add on to the frustration, I waited 45 minutes to have a "don't litter" message shoved down my throat. Apart Manta and Kraken, Journey to Atlantis is the only other attraction worthwhile. This entire park CAN be done in about 45 minutes... or less. It's most certainly not worth the price of the ticket.
I was not quite sure what to think of Sea World, so I asked my marine biologist cousin, who gave it a tentative thumbs up. I have to admit I was mesmerized by the sea life and had a great time, and the roller coasters were pretty awesome too!
Sea World was at the top of our list of things to do while in Florida.  My husband and I thought the 16 & 18 year old would really enjoy the entertainment.   We are not amusement park people so the rides did not have much to do with our time at Sea World.   The park is super clean, people were friendly, food was good for burgers and fries which was our choice.  Enjoyed the shopping that was available and even played some carnival type games and won prizes.   We went to every show that the park had to offer and one was better than the next and we loved it.  I definitely would recommend the 9pm Whale show it was an absolute blast and yes we sat in the soak seats.
I love Sea World. Primarily because I love the sea. The park lets you get up close and personal with their residents. Great aquariums, and of course the Shamu show. The sea lion show was also quite amusing with a grand finale of a walrus breakdancing. Hilarious.
Loved the tropical landscaping in this park! It feels like you're in Hawaii! Loved seeing the animals. The aquariums are really top rate! Felt very sad for the dolphins and whales though and wish they didn't have large animals in captivity here. Here's some photos of the gorgeous tropical look of the park: lotsafunmaps.com/Central…
Best Aquarium theme park
Have been waiting since I was maybe 3 or 4 years old to come here so I was stoked! Finally got to see the Shamu show! AWESOME! Loved the dolphin show too! Kids had a great time with the rides and shows too. Glad I finally made it, hopefully will get to come back in a few years!
Ok. Inbev now got rid of the free beer and beer tasting. Still going to give it a five stars because the roller coasters are cool and seeing all the sea animals is still worth the ridiculously cheap entrance fee to get in.
We were disappointed because Shamu was closed. Wish we knew before we bought the tickets. 3rd time there. Not a 4th.
Went early a.m. right when park opened and got on rides fairly quick. 1 hr later 50 min wait on penguin exhibit. Best part is cove with the dolphins. Kids can get close and interact with young dolphins. Whale show is alright. The experience of just seeing them gets you past a lackluster show. Park isn't played out well only couple paths you can take or you have to backtrack.
Great place to visit if you are fond of animals.  The dolphins are amazing.  You can actually touch one if you wait for some time - you can watch them for hours underwater.  Shamu was my favorite - had never seen a killer whale before. That too such a smart one.  Could not capture it too well with my digital still camera.  We liked the acrobatic show with the dolphins too.  The one with the seal and walrus was amusing.  Its amazing to see how smart these sea animals are.  Loved the penguins, sharks, polar bears, manatees, beluga whales etc.  Took a ride on the Atlantis but Kraken does not seem to be for the faint hearted so skipped it.  Got a Sea World shirt that was on sale.  This place rocks.
Seaworld is a fun park for the family but only for the young ones this is typically not a park for the adults there is only a few rides here that are for the adults but everything else is mostly animals unless you are fascinated by animals or are doing some kind of research paper.
So were in Orlando on our 25 things in 5 days tour and Sea World is on the map.  The rides were good while the penguin exhibit was pretty cool but lacked a full half day punch.  So if you're only wanting 3 hours of entertainment it's good, anything more get a park hopper and go to the Animal Kingdom too.
No attempt at all to help people deal with the heat. Up-sales - yuck.  Up-sales every where you go.  No shuttles from $14 parking lot so people will pay for $30 valet parking. I wouldn't have gone there had not my traveling companion persisted.  I will not be back - San Diego has much nicer weather.  Haven't been there in a while either so maybe they are just as commercial but at least you won't die of heat prostration.
Do not buy your tickets online in advance. They are non-refundable! Moreover they are not even transferrable. So if anything goes wrong with your trip they are worthless unless you plan to go to Orlando again within a year. I got sick during our Florida trip and they refused to refund the tickets. After asking for a supervisor they offered to extend the validity of the tickets but I have no desire visiting a place that once they have your money they don't care anymore.
Worst amusement attraction I have ever been to. I grew up going to sea world and have taken my kids a few times but I will never be back. I feel ripped off. Paid a ton of $$$$ just to wait in huge lines and over pay for food and drink. Mentioned it to guest services and they could care less. Save your $$$$.
Lots and Lots of fish! Oh and a bunch of Killer Whales which happen to be the Largest Dolphins in the world. Did you know that? Want to know more? lol Well that's all I know! Anyway this place is pretty cool.that the Very relaxing  and lots to see. I think that my favorite thing about this place was the under water walk through aquarium. Show, exhibits, and everything else is top notch here.
It was expensive.  But I enjoyed a day here with my sister and her family who have season passes (at a better Florida rate).   I enjoyed the Dolphin and the Whale shows.  With little kids we focused on the animals and didn't go on any of the rides.  As an added treat since it was my nephew's birthday, we paid a couple extra bucks to feed the dolphins in one of the side exhibits.  It was well worth it ... definitely the most memorable part of the excursion.  Other than that it was as to be expected.
First time visit greeted by lines; two to be exact and long. Having a credit to exchange for a ticket, I did not know which long line to enter. The attendant, covered in leg tatoos looking more like a biker ready to whip my butt barked at me about which line to get in.  When I asked if he knew what my credit said, he snapped "yes, I do".    He must have been the training manager for many of th others.  Minimal smiles or greetings all day.  It was obvious many don't like their jobs. Other than that, the mechanical equipment was nice to us.
A must do in Florida! Try the Shark Grille restaurant - it is quite good - a positive dining experience in a theme park
I am going to back up everything Janene said.  That Manta roller coaster is friggin fantastic!  Somehow the back does seem more intense but I have no idea why.  I also got the opportunity to ride it before it was officially open.  We did have some difficulties but still got to ride it twice.  Besides that the shows are fun for all ages and it was a lot better time than I had originally thought.  Try it out!
Seaworld opened a new roller coaster this year, Manta.  The roller coaster scared the heck out of me which doesnt happen.  Even my son who is 12 said he almost peed his pants.  The coaster is defintely unique. They do need to add more rides to compete with Disney and Universal.  But the shows are good.  The landscaping is amazing.  They took away free beer which is my only real issue with the park.
Sea World will always be cool to me.
Sea World is amazing! Seeing the animals from the oceans and being able to get that close to them is nothing short of amazing! Never mind the fact that you get to see Shamu do all of these stunts! No CGI there! Truly all of these creatures of the oceans are a lot smarter than we give them credit for.
Better rides and shows than when I was a kid, stay across the street at the renaissance and they give you free quick ques when u pruchase tickis to the park!
A theme park owned by a beer company...hmmm yeah I am not even a beer drinker but I felt like I had the best beer of my life here in the steaming hot sun after walking around for 6 hours. Seaworld Orlando is my new happy place, my 8 year old daughter fed dolphins, got to pet them, fed sea lions, pet and fed sting rays, rode  roller coasters and water ride and had a smile on her face the whole day! They have great shows here too, don't miss the famous Shamu show (get there early) and the Dolphin show, both were fabulous. We also saw the sea lion show and a show with cats, dogs and pigs in it doing all sorts of David Lettermen type pet tricks. Oh, one thing you need to know if you sit in the Shamu soak zone that really does mean you will get soaked, Shamu is the size of a city bus and drenches everything in the area of the "soak zone". We travel to Orlando alot and decided to purchase the 2 year Seaworld passport. When you do this you save 10% on everything you purchase inside the park...even the beer. Also, Sea World has these awesome camps for kids, we signed up our daughter for one, if you have the pass you get a discount and what felt like some priority on these camps. I will update my review when she completes the camp but supposedly she will get a hands on learning experience with all the animals. We loved Sea World and plan on returning often, for the animals and the beer!! :)
Sea World here is really lame.  The park isn't that big, but new management has  blocked off pathways to make it seem bigger, forcing you to walk for-freaking-ever to get anywhere.  It's like the opposite of the wheel/spoke design of Disneyland. The Atlantis ride is cool, but they have the volume way too high (clueless management's attempt to make it "extreme"?), you can't understand it and it's actually painful to the ears.  And of course nothing gets your excitement up for the big drop, like seeing a bored employee staring at you.  They put them at the top to push the abort button if you panic and try to escape, I assume.   They don't open the roller coasters when the park opens, which I'm sure has screwed over many other thrill seekers.  And of course, they no longer have free beer, or even reasonably priced beer. I'd recommend this park for 2-4 year olds ONLY.  Busch Gardens is way, way better.
I took most of my kids here (4 of 3) and they had a really good time.  One of my daughters is not a fan of rides so we enjoyed all the other sites.  You can touch the stingray and you will get a really "wetiful" surprise at the dolphin show. The shows were really cool. My youngest son loved the rides, especially the Manta and Aquatica is just across the way.  I really love it because if you pay to park in one, you can get in the other free using your receipt.  Take your own water bottles and some fruit.  When it's really hot, go to Aquatica first to cool off then go to Seaworld and stay until it closes for the fireworks show!  I'm gonna back without the kids soon for some REAL fun! Hey don't judge me, there's a kid in us all (LOL)
This has been one of the best theme parks I have gone to. The shows were spectacular. The mood and spirit of the park just uplifting. I would definitely go again if i had the time.
This place is pretty much an over priced aquarium, with rides.I noticed 2 roller coasters and a waterpark for the small kids.  I felt things were to spread apart. The shows were very nice I can't believe they were able to train parrots to fly around and come back to them. I understand why they had the moving walkways through some of the attractions because people would just stand there for hours without moving. However I enjoyed the petting and feedings of the dolphins.
I think there is a common misconception that Seaworld is just for kids but I think it tailors to both children and adults alike who adore sea mammals. Quite honestly, this is the only theme park which I find it to be quite relaxing. There are no huge lines or rush to catch a show or ride. Everything is timed at the right moment and place.  The most popular show of course is the Shamu but there are few other entertaining shows like the 'Dolphin and Whale' and the 'Clyde and Seamore Take Pirate Island Animal Show'.  I found the Clyde and Seamore show to be ridiculously hilarious. I don't know if they pull some of their jokes or "stunts" on purpose but it definitely felt like some things that shouldn't have happened actually happened there. There were a few other shows in the park but I didn't get to see them unfortunately.  The other popular exhibit is the Sharks where you get to go under the huge glass tunnel and see various types of sharks, stingrays, and other sea animals underwater. It's amazing how many different types of sharks are out there in this world. If you do come here, I would say come here in the morning so you get to see all the attractions in one day. If not, you can always come back the next day for free. Yup, that's right. The ticket we bought costs $85, which included a one day pass and 2nd day visit for free. Pretty good deal if you plan to break up your visit into two days. But if you want to swim with dolphins, that will costs extra $.
Seaworld was so much fun!! I loved all the shows from dolphins, sea lions, to whales. The dolphin feeding was so much fun for my two year old. I definitely plan on going back!
More like 3.5 stars.  I hadn't been to SeaWorld in about 15 years, and I really wanted to go back (FYI I'm 30).  Finally got an annual pass and I have to say it was a mixed bag.  First, Manta has got to be one of the best roller coasters I've ever been on.  The feeling of it the first (and second and third) times is so bizarre but in a good way.  It's not the fastest roller coaster, but the design and creativity of it are incredibly impressive.  Kraken was a good coaster, not the best I've ever been on, but long and entertaining.  Journey to Atlantis is really starting to show its age, though.  The seal and walrus show was good as well.   My real problem with the park, and where I was sorely disappointed, was in the Dolphin and Shamu shows.  Before I get into this, let me say that I am not a hippie.  I am not an activist.  I have no problem with keeping whales in captivity for people to see and enjoy, as most people will never see a whale in it's natural environment.  My problem is this.  15 years ago, these shows were based on education.  The shows served to teach people about whales and dolphins, their habitat, environmental concerns, diet, etc.  There was absolutely no educational value to any show I saw that day.  The dolphin show had people wearing stupid bird costumes jumping into the water for 10 minutes straight of a 30 minute show with not a dolphin in sight.  The Shamu show, while at least keeping whales in sight the whole time, effectively provided no education and just music and jumping.  Removing the education from these shows and just going with entertainment really takes away part of what made SeaWorld so great.   Overall, SeaWorld is a good park, but lags in the excitement of Universal, the magic of Disney, and the education of a regular zoo.  I didn't experience any rude employees or shoddiness, but I do feel like the park needs new owners who will be more concerned in the direction the park is taking, as I feel like the current owners really don't know what to do with it.
I was expecting much more from the Orlando location. San Diego and San Antonio are much better. There isn't a whole lot on the way of rides and show variety here. It seems very small. They could have done a lot better with this place.
I don't know where to start! I loved visiting SeaWorld for the first time last week. I went with my parents and younger brother (he is 16) and we had a blast! Some tips: - it's not really worth it to buy the all day eating pass unless you are going to be there from open to close and plan on eating a lot. We were there from 12 to 8 and only ate once and found the restaurants to be fairly priced. - pack a small cooler of drinks and snacks. We brought 4 bottles of water, a few cans of soda, crackers, and other light snacks to help us through the day. Just be sure you don't have any straws as they have a very strict no straw policy. - do not just buy the seaworld ticket. My mom and I bought a combo pack to SeaWorld and Busch Gardens via AAA and ended up paying $96.99 per pson which is much cheaper and my dad and brother bought the SeaWorld, Busch Gardens and Aquatica Pass for $115 per person. If you do not have AAA, visit the local super markets or stores that advertise cheaper tickets- it is worth the savings! - My mom and I do not go on roller coasters for health reasons but my dad and brother do so we made our schedule so that in between shows the boys can go on the rides and my mom and I would meet them at the show. - For the Shamu shows ( one world and shamu rocks) if you want good seats get there at least 45 mins in advance. Each show was fantastic, it is amazing to see how well trained and smart these animals are! I think people of all ages would absolutely love going to this park.
A very affordable annual pass for FL residents, awesome shows, and great atmosphere equals a happy me.  I just went on my first visit and was not disappointed in the color Christmas displays and fun shows.  The park was very clean and the service was super friendly.  Then of course there are the animals.  I cannot wait to go back and hang out with the penguins!
For some reason, my son and I both had a sick joy in hearing people shrieking whenever the Manta coaster flew by....   The Shamu killer whale show was pretty good.....  Make sure you sit just above the "soak" zone...... The Dolphin show was good as well, but more acrobatic with people as opposed to Shamu's..... LOTS of walking.....  !  SeaWorld is only about 15 or so minutes drive from the Disney resorts.
I love Seaworld!!
We traveled from Chicago to Orlando for my daughters 4th birthday. Taking her to Disney world and sea world she had a blast. We decided to do dinner with shamu. It was a buffet style and everything seemed to have the same general taste to it. I stayed away from the meat and ate the fruit.  The show was a lot of fun to watch. i have nothing bad to say about our trip to sea world. The animals were beautiful and the weather was perfect. ALTHOUGH watch out for mating season. haha  the whales were trying to GET IT IN!!  Poor moms and dads kept rushing their kids away while we laughed so hard. Thanks Seaworld!
I absolutely LOVED my day at Sea World! We went on May 20, 2012, and the park was not crowded at all as far as theme parks go! We basically walked on both the Manta and the Kraken. The Shamu Show "One Ocean" was fantastic, even though the trainers don't get in the water anymore (understandably so after the last sad occurence) I also really enjoyed the dolphin show, though my family weren't really fans of the "cirque de soleil" type feel. I thought the divers were awesome! Since we weren't there for the official summer season, we didn't get to see the Shamu Rocks night show, which was my favorite last time. Overall the day was awesome, I got a stuffed Shamu which actually seemed reasonably priced! Also, GET THE MEAL PLAN! for $30 you can eat all over the park, get free bottles of water at all the restaurants, and pretty much all you can eat. In 2 meals you will have gotten your money's worth. Add in snacks, and waiting to have breakfast at the park, and you have gotten a FANTASTIC deal! My family who live in the area all got season tickets, which are also pretty awesomely priced! Make sure you buy your ticket online if you are doing a single day, you can come back again within 7 days. I got my ticket at the gate using my family's discount through their season pass. Turned out to be the same price as online, but without the ability to come back for free! Lame! I won't take a star off, since that's really more my fault, and my one day was awesome enough to make up for it! Also I don't know how much it costs to get the little thing of food to feed the dolphins, but I hung out on the free side, and patients won out! I was able to pet a dolphin without paying, though the people on the pay side did get more personal time, and pet more than ONE dolphin, you can hang out for as long as you want right up by the water on the free side, so eventually a dolphin will come close enough!
Seaworld itself is an amazing park the employees are great the atmosphere is great I love walking through the park and seeing the different types of animals it's like your at a zoo. If u ever visit seaworld my top rides are : MANTA KRAKEN JOURNEY TO ATLANTIS EMPIRE OF THE PENGUINS as far as shows the shamu show and the dolphin shows are great a must see be careful sitting in the splash zone! Lol
We purchased season passes for SeaWorld/BushGardens/Aquatica and couldn't wait to step into our new backyard since moving to Orlando 6 mos ago. We arrived later in the day understanding that we wouldn't be able to do everything we wanted, but that was okay, we now have a season pass! Since I was a boy, my father and I always watched the great animal shows. One of our favorite things to do after our active lives outdoors. One of my most wished things to do was to go and see the Orca's at SeaWorld that we watched on Good Morning America - it's been a bucket list thing for me to see the Killer Whales since childhood. And we weren't disappointed. Took 40 yrs, but it was worth the wait. Incredible experience to see the sheer size, talent and grace of these beautiful creatures. And I was as giddy as a little boy... not really into rides, and we didn't want to "waste" our time waiting in line, so we enjoyed the dolphin show, Shamu Theater show and many of the live animal exhibits. Incredible access to many animals that you won't find many places. Knowledgeable staff and folks who really listen to you and take their time in responding to your questions as well as share their knowledge and personal experiences. Truly a must do for anyone! Each person we met in the park were friendly and very accommodating. EXCEPT the food booth in the Key West area... it was the closest as we entered as we wanted to eat as soon as we entered the park. Now, I'm not unrealistic about food options and fare - and PRICES  of such a theme park, but one thing I've grown to count on in my life is the professional and courteous service I've received at many of the attractions I've been too in my life. This booth, my FIRST customer experience since entering the gates was tarnished, right off the bat. So you tout "just like Key West!" but the fare was fast food... there were four choices - fried chicken tenders platter, Turkey Leg, Ultimate Nachos, and Chili Cheese Fries/or plain fries. Seriously? But that wasn't my issue... there was a short line and the staff behind the counter was jammin'. But the gal who called us up "next!" immediately asked for our order in a short, curt fashion, then as I started to share our order, she and three other gals down the line started a verbal argument over "I was supposed to leave at 4pm!!! So and so isn't here yet, I'm ready to GO!" I politely said "Excuse me... can we please complete this transaction before you have that conversation?" We had just ordered drinks and she was off and yelling down the line like we were in a 'hood" fast food chain. She stopped dead in her tracks and just stared at me. Like she was daring me to say something else... The three of us and the folks around me were asking me to "let it go" and all I did was ask "Can you please complete this transaction first?" She must have stared at me with the angriest face for 30 seconds. Then went back to repeating the two drink orders and asked "What else!?!?!" obviously pissed. We asked questions about the cup you buy with discounted drink refills. And completed our order. She took my card and ran the purchase. Handed me a drink we didn't order and my receipt. Then noticed she didn't give me our season pass 10% discount, and a beverage that we didn't order. I quickly shared "I'm sorry, this is not correct. We didn't order the orange soda, and you left off my 10% discount?" It was a $37 order, so I think it was worthy of asking for it to be corrected. She was now incensed and I do have to give her credit for shutting her mouth - she turned and barked down to the other end of the counter calling the manager by name and he came down in a few minutes, all the while not making eye contact, not saying a word. She sat back and angrily pouted like a child... he made it right immediately, credited back my card, applied the discount and apologized with a smile. See? It's not that hard but I was shocked to see this at a top tier park. I didn't let it ruin my day, but I knew right then and there I was going to post a review and hope someone there notices. No less than 10 people around us were saying "WOW! You guys were way nicer than I would have been..." but we were there for Father's Day weekend and not going to let some stressed, over worked girl who lost her composure mar it. Amazing how one 5 min exchange can be so lasting. SeaWorld is an impeccable place. Amazing how clean it is kept with the volume of traffic. Very well run. Every event started on time. And we cannot wait to go back.   On another note - we were disappointed in the food options. One in our party is vegetarian, and we all try to eat a whole/natural foods diet. You would think one of the marquis names in the hospitality industry would be on the fore front of healthy food choices. It's less expensive than freezer and fryer costs as well as handling/prep costs. And it's the right thing to do. Eating junk food shouldn't be the only alternative when you drop $150 for a da
If you are into firefighting, you must visit this Sea World. Nice collection of items all the way from the 19th century to present day. There is also a room dedicated to firefighters who died when the towers came down. Museum is not too expensive,so I recommend visiting here even if you are not that much into firefighting!
This place is AMAZBALLS!!! My husband and i decided to travel to Orlando for our first year anniversary and boy are we glad we did. We are 2 kids at heart and this place was like a candy store to us. We love the sea and sea animals we saw all the shows and visit seaworld twice since i wanted to dine with shamu and the first day it was sold out. All the rides were so much fun! We try everything in the park including the tours GO BIG OR GO HOME :). Can wait to go back when Antarctica is open the adds look like is gonna be so much fun.
We've visited Sea World a couple of times but my favorite has to be our last visit. I was blown away by the penguin exhibit. One of the longest lines but I totally recommend it. You must not leave the park until you've done this exhibit. I also strongly recommend the roller coasters, but then again I'm an adrenaline junkie and looooove roller coasters. Other than that the park is nice and has different shows throughout the day. Get a map and show schedule and plan your day around that so you make the most of your stay here.
Great shows and a great family environment. It was just a shame that they didn't tell us the park closed at 5.
I went to Sea World and thought it was very nice. My whole family had a good time on all the rides. The best show in the whole park is the dolphin show. It is a must see. All the other shows were good. But the dolphin show was the best! The crowds were not that bad for an October day. Overall I nice theme park.
In a town full of parks, you would hope for more attractions for the price and better customer service. Dont get me wrong - its beautiful, and has great shows.  It boasts 2 coasters, but since we aren't coaster family, it was a let down that there wasnt more for the price.  Also SHOP AROUND FOR DEALS BEFORE YOU BUY YOUR TICKET - John and the rest of the belligerent, people adverse Customer Service Staff WILL NOT DO ANYTHING for you if you purchase and later find a better deal.  If you can add acquatica, then you are in luck.  The shows are definitely 4 star caliber, and most of the staff is really great.  But in general, it is VERY EXPENSIVE as all the other parks and customer service, in particular if you are unfortunately enough to get John... is just woeful.  SHAME ON YOU Seaworld!
I've been to SeaWorld a few times over the years. It's obviously a sealife-centered theme park which is noticeably less crowded than Universal Studios or Disney. While I am a really big fan of seeing animals, I did catch the Blackfish documentary and have a different opinion on the place. I think I'd rather visit the aquarium after seeing that documentary since it made me feel pretty bad for the killer whales. Definitely a good place for kids to see some animals like penguins and seals, but the killer whale thing just doesn't sit right with me. Kraken is a good coaster, definitely a highlight, but I probably wouldn't go to SeaWorld again if I had my choice of parks in the area.
Spending New Years Eve with Shamu!  Great way to bring in 2013!!!!
SeaWorld is great but DONT purchase the all you can eat and drink pass its a totally rip off. The choices are limited as far as eateries you can eat at and the food selection is even more limiting. It seriously was the biggest ripoff I have ever seen at any amusement park.
This has to be one of my favorite Seaworlds. They have a little (or a lot) of everything: shows, interactions, habitats, and rides. The interaction opportunities are my favorite part, especially feeding the dolphins at Dolphin Cove ($7 for a small plate of fish) and I got to thoroughly pet these adorable creatures on the chin and back before tossing fishes into their beak. It was definitely a worthy alternative to the dolphin interaction experience at Discovery Cove which costs an extra ~$100. There is also seal and sealion feeding opportunities at the Pacific Preserve Point and stingray and shark feeding opportunities. The shows are all quite good: the shamu and dolphin shows are acrobatically (both the mammals and humans) impressive; the seal and sealion show was comically entertaining. The habitats are all uniquely designed, some with their individual mini ride: the TurtleTrek contains a manatee/turtle habitat with an better than IMAX 3D movie experience at the end. The shark encounter has living and breathing baby shark embryos and a panoramic corridor tank containing all types of sharks and fishes. I was feeling very sick that day so I skipped the rides, but according to my rollercoaster enthusiast boyfriend, the Manta and Kraken are two of the funniest rollercoaster we've went on during the entire trip (better than all of those at universals). We got a 14-day admission to Seaworld with our Discovery Cove package. It's really a place with so much to see and do. Can't wait to go back when the antarctic habitat opens!
Didn't seem like much changed in last 30+ years since I went last... Except for completely rude photographer (jerny) to go on sky tower.  Wouldn't let us go by unless we took a pic... He met wrong guy!  But I'm with my family; so, told him pass and weren't doin it... To make matters worse he had the audacity to scoff at me, and his "team member" told us we had to take pic and that is why he was so pushy.  Went to CS and they were helpful saying not true... Final thoughts, yes to park... 1 star gone and a Heck NO to this little excuse for a person!
Always amazing. the shamu show was great. sat in the soak zone though and didn't get a drop of water. But still amazing. so great for kids.
My family and I visited SeaWorld recently and for all those who have been here, yes the place has changed, not for the better either. However, we still come here because we have toddlers who love animals. No, I am not a fan of animals in captivity and I don't like the fact that SeaWorld continues to have Tilikum, but anyone who knows the history knows they only continue to keep him because he is the most prosperous sire to produce offspring that is held in captivity. I'll get off the soapbox. If you have young children and want them to be able to see a lot of different sea mammals, SeaWorld is a great place to visit. They do have a lot here to offer kids for all sorts of ages. If you do decide to come here I highly recommend getting tickets through discount agencies, if you look around timeshare companies usually offer deep discounts on tickets here, sometimes even for free just for sitting in a presentation. Like others have recommended, I too recommend watching the 2013 blackfish documentary.
Love almost everything.
I go here every year for Seaworld Camp, and SeaWorld always blows my mind. Its amazing! The food is good, even though there are not many rides, you somehow spend the whole day there. The shows are spectacular! I recommend Blue Horizons Dolphin Show! I know many people do not like sea world because whales and dolphins are being harassed and they need to be in the ocean where they belong. I agree but a lot of people change their minds when they watch the show blackfish. EVERYONE blackfish is FAKE! The trainers take care of their animals amazingly. I have talked to many animal trainers, and watched their behaviors. Its called positive reinforcement for a reason!! And the Seaworld Camp is brilliant! I totally recommend! Seaworld is a must for your Orlando Vacation!
Really love Sea World...just got a yearly passport for Sea World and went 2 weekends on a row. The concerts were great, clean fun, temperature in March was perfect. Plan to go many more times.
Great spot. We spent a day at Discovery cove and got a 10 day pass to SeaWorld, Aquatica, and Bush Gardens. The shows were great. Rides were average. Wish there were a few more rides dispersed around the park.
Who wants to go to Sea World when you have the Discovery Channel in HD? That's what a lot of people might say, which is what I also thought. It's been a while since I've been to Sea World and I wasn't very interested in going to Sea World. But as soon as we got on the theme park premises, I got pretty anxious. Crowds in the morning are a lot quieter in the morning at Sea World as compared to the Disney and Universal theme parks, so lines were nonexistent on Kraken (rollercoaster) and Journey to Atlantis (log water ride). Besides the few rides, most of the attractions will have you observing the animals (polar bears, manatee, penguins, walrus, etc.) through glass. Some of the more enjoyable one's are feeding the dolphins ($7 for three fish) and having the chance to pet them. Make sure to check out the feeding schedule times so you can plan accordingly. As you feed the dolphins, there will also be a couple professional photographers taking pictures of you. They will then give you tickets to view your photos on kiosks so you can decide whether or not you would like to purchase them. You can also feed the sea lions and manta ray, which I believe is $5 each. The shows are another thing you can't miss, especially Believe and Blue Horizons. Believe is a show with Shamu and friends (orca/killer whales) performing tricks. Be forewarned that you will get very wet if you sit on the lower section of bleachers. The other show worth checking out is Blue Horizons which is with the dolphins, parrots/birds, and circus acts. You will get to see some pretty nifty tricks performed by these animals at both shows. Probably the highlight of the theme park was the Anheuser-Busch Brewmaster's Club (ages 21+) at the Hospitality Center. You will have the chance to try many free samples (12 oz. each) of different beers brewed by Anheuser-Busch and their subsidiaries. There were a few breweries that I was not aware that Anheuser-Busch owned so be in for a surprise (except for those who are beer aficionados / history buffs). You can also sign up for the VIP Tour which is 30-minutes long. You will be taken to a private room with an Anheuser-Busch Brand Ambassador and a small group (usually around 6 people) be educated on beer and how to complement different fruits/cheeses with different types of beer. You will also get to try 4 types of beer (selecting from 1 of 3 during each round) along with an assortment of fruits/cheeses. Try to reserve your time slot, which occurs at every 15th and 45th minute of the hour. Since Inbev has bought Anheuser-Busch, I was informed that the Brewmaster's Club might disappear in the near future, because Inbev is not too interested in keeping it going. Of course that this is still "speculation" (wink), and it might just happen to stay, but I would definitely recommend checking it out before it does go. Free beer is always good!! And a lot of it too!! Besides the Hospitality Center is a barn with Budweiser's 4 horses, Bud, Classic, Prince, & Kelly, where you can also get your photo taken with one. My impression of Sea World is not half bad, with free beer. One downside was having to pay for the food to feed the animals. You might ask yourself why are you paying so much to get into a zoo-like theme park, but the Anheuser-Busch Brewmaster's Club, Kraken, Believe, and Blue Horizons shows definitely made up for it.
I went to SeaWorld years ago before they stop letting the trainers in the water with killer whales.  It wasn't my plan to go to SeaWorld but since we were done early with Disney and other parks, we decided to check out SeaWorld.  It's hard to explain but I found the park BORING.  I couldn't really tell what it was supposed to be.  Is it a zoo, or aquarium, or an amusement park? We went to most of the exhibits and the Shamu show.  The Shamu stadium was dirty and wet.  I remember that because my wife complained about it.  I personally found the Shamu show not entertaining because I saw the trainers kept feeding the killer whales during the shows.  I finally figured out that they were starving the killer whales so they would do the tricks.  In addition, the pool looked very small compared to the size of the killer whales.   I don't remember how much I paid to get into the park but I remember feeling it was not worth it.  The food was expensive and bad tasting,  The stuffs in the gift shop were way way over-priced.
Sea World is nice fun relaxing place to go after all the parks.  They have lot of shows to go to and you can just sit and watch.  There is always another show if you miss one too late.  Great place to bring the family and kids.
Florida resident? Get years worth of pass use....go for 4th of July fireworks show , throughout the year go early leave early, or go after work and enjoy one of their shows, attractions, rides or restaurants then leave! no guilt of costing too much for a quicky. Took a while but have done and seen all without burning out! They are still building and adding to the park, so always more to do.
Acts are simply amazing, especially dog and cat show. Even the older acts still hold up. If I could complain, it would be that the food is overpriced and not very good, and that they aren't clear what you can bring in on the website (turns out you can pack a small 14" cooler). Also wish they would start doing fast pass like Disney because it gets really crowded and the lines get long).
I used to love SeaWorld, but usually go to SeaWorld in San Diego and have had a better experience there. The weather forced the rides and shows to be shut down for hour, but then everything was back up, except Manta because of technical difficulties. We had already been waiting for almost an hour when we were informed of this. They didn't know the computer password to get into the system from when the storm caused a power outage, which makes this a park problem. During the inclement weather, I asked an employee for an exit pass so that we didn't have to waste our time waiting, but was informed that SeaWorld doesn't do that. When we were informed of the audio problems by a different employee, we were offered an exit pass to use on any ride in the park. I asked the employee why the other employee told us no such option two hours ago (yeah, we're stubborn like that), so the employee gave us two exit passes to use. Finally! They do not enforce the designated smoking area policy at all, either! Smokers were out and about all over, and when I informed one to go the area because of children in my group in his vicinity, he chewed me out because he didn't want to walk 4 miles (exaggerated) to go smoke. Props to the staff handling a lost child incident and reassuring the little girl, but one thing that should not have been done was making the little girl sit on an adult stranger's lap, regardless of her being a staff member. Other than that, the park did a good job on getting her reunited with her parents. SeaWorld has become overrated. The shows have gotten better, but you waste so much time to get there early for a seat plus the power outage causing park-wide problems with shows and some rides made for a huge waste of time and money this trip.
Love the new Shamu show One Ocean!  Many thanks to the Seaworld for taking the time to recognize those who serve/served our country in the military. It is a standard that all theme parks should adopt.
We went to sea world for the first time and it was during their 50th anniversary celebration. The dolphin and orca shows were amazing! I had never seen a walrus in person before and that was really neat. The only two things I wasn't thrilled with- there was quite strong fishy smell... Well we are surrounded by sea animals right? The other was the food. We went to a place advertising "gourmet burgers" definitely not gourmet. Processed meat patties and cheese sauce is not gourmet. Overall thought a really good time.
Reviewing Seaworld as I was there for work for a Foreigner Concert.  The Bayside Theatre is adorable, on the water and paired with a Craft Beer Garden and some good eats, its a mini night out in Seaworld.  Small open air theatre with limited seating but super intimate setting.  Friendly ushers and super nice production team behind the scenes.  All this and Seaworld, we caught the Dolphin show, and Sting rays.  It was pretty crowded even at 6.00pm.  Getting out of the car park was hideous, preferred parking a waste of money as we left the car park last. Could not get Pablo onto any of the rides, bah humbug I wanted to get wet.
We visited Sea World Orlando in early October while on vacation in the Kissimmee area. First off the entry fee is close to 1/2 that of the Disney parks and parking is a bit less. We saw shows at Shamu stadium and the Dolphin Theater, excellent and plenty of seating. My son was amazed by the penguins at the new Antarctic exhibit. Someone recommended I see the sea lion and otter tour, but it was closed the day I was there. In fact the small coaster in the "sea of fun" area was not operating. There was still plenty to keep us occupied for the entire day. I would recommend making reservations for the Sharks Underwater Grill if this is a place you want to visit. So even with the couple of closed attractions I still give 5 stars, Sea World is worth a visit for family and kids of all ages. I would visit again.
We love this park for a chance to enjoy the sea life they have for viewing, the wonderful shows, and a break from the fast pace of the other theme parks in the area.  We got annual passes so we can come and go which is a great deal.  It's such a great park to enjoy the slower pace and see everything they have.
I came here with my family, only for the killer whales. I recently watched the "Blackfish" documentary. A must see in my opinion, and decided I wanted to see how the animals (mostly whales) were being treated, however due to the rain a lot of the shows had been postponed until the rain let up. When it is raining or is suppose to rain everything (besides restaurants and some stores) close up making it difficult to see anything. I recommend watching the weather very closely before making your visit. The Aquariums are a must see! The fish & stingrays are very impressive! HOWEVER, I do not even entertain going through the "Shark Encounter" it smells, and yes, you do see sharks but not until the very end and even then it isn't all that! I do suggest going to the sea lion & otter show, it is so funny & children love it! I'm hoping to make it to the 6:30 show "One Ocean" in hopes of seeing and I quote, " one of the many Shamu's " that directly from a Sea World worker.   The Manta, was a great Roller Coaster! My father of 42 enjoyed it a ton, as did I. If the lines are long don't worry, most of the waiting places are well air conditioned if you need a rest. Eat before you come!, also get a fast pass
Well I'll tell you if you are going to Orlando your best bet would be to visit Seaworld prior to Seaworld. Otherwise your expectations willl be too high. The shows and exhibits at this park are great. The layout is terrible  as is the show scheduling the show quality is 100% awesome well planned and executed. The park  is dated and most area's have a 70's decor feel. THE FOOD IS AWFUL!!! This is a Busch park I grew up and live near Busch Gardens Williamsburg where the food is pretty good, you would think that they would keep up that quality at all parks and I wish they would have because the food at this park in inedible. Bathrooms pretty dirty and dated. Staff pretty much could not give a damn manager berate employee's in public, dated worn uniforms etc. the plus side the kids area is awesome as are the shows otherwise maybe a pass.
SeaWorld was probably the biggest disappointment of my vacation, the park is quite small and with not a lot to do in it. If you are looking for thrill seeking rides I don't advice you come here. While the roller coasters are quite good they are not really worth the price of a ticket. The animals were nice to see but often looked disinterested and bored. The killer whale show was quite a disappointment just made the audience wet. Pros-good roller coasters, tickets are cheap online, good park for kids Cons- boring, small amount of rides, lockers are not free, food is expensive, badly organised Don't get a 14 day pass unless you want to visit Busch garden's which is 100 times better
Manta was amazing (first time riding), and I had a fun day with my 3 year old niece and family, but it wasn't much different than I remembered from visiting roughly 5 years ago. I wished the Antarctic / penguin exhibit had been open. It looked like a pretty massive construction project, and I always like watching penguins.
By far, the most fun we had eating on our vacation in Orlando/Kissimmee was the Makahiki Luau Polynesian Feast & Celebration @ Sea World. It starts in the evening & goes a few hours. It's a full-on luau complete with wahini warriors with fire & drums, bubbles & music! They even pull guests up on stage for various fun things like songs, playing the drums, and dancing. The food was very good and served family style, as you are also seated family style with others you don't know. It's a really fun time, and they have a full bar too. It's very cool to walk through Sea World after hours to get to the venue on site, as you pass by the baby dolphin pool. Such fun! Highly recommended.
Sea World is a great mix of zoo and theme park, offering something for every age.  Personally, I think it is a little bit expensive, coming in at just under 70 bucks for a ticket, but thats not too much of a shock compared to the other theme park prices that are about the same.  My advice if you are a Florida resident and think you will be back more than once in a year is to get an annual pass, which is just a bit more than a one-day ticket, so that means if you go more than once you get your moneys worth.   I would recommend seeing the Shamu show (of course), as well as Clyde and Symour, which always provides some good chuckles as well as entertainment.  The Terrors of the Deep attraction (shark tunnel) is exciting to see.  And, of course, I have to recommend the Hospitality House which offers free beer samples and even an opportunity to attend "Beer School," in which you can learn about your favorite ales.
BEST FISH 'N CHIPS EVER! Great place to go with the family. It's a shame that the Blackfish documentary has blacklisted the park.
First time there and love it.  Make sure to wear your sneaker cause you will be walking a ton.  It's great for all ages.  Try to bring lunch, it gets costly in the park as always.  Don't forget to see the shambu show and there are two roller coaster rides, which is great especially the Manta.
I'd like to point out that the only reason my family and i decided to go to SeaWorld yesterday was because tickets were cheaper then Universals and Disney. Now i know why they're cheaper. This place is awful. We walked in the park and my wife and kid wanted to go do the dolphin feeding but myself and my nephew wanted to do the rides. Well my nephew and i did every ride the park had to offer twice before my wife and kid finished with their dolphin feeding if that tells you how little there is to do there. Seriously, there's 4 rides. I get that "Oh its all about the animals and working to teach everyone about these wonderful creatures that need our care and love." Sure, which is why you drag them out and parade them around for the amusement of fat, small minded tourists. Kids constantly banging on the glass, Moms shoving lights in the eyes of barracudas, flash photography mixed with children and adults smacking the fish tanks screaming for the animals to "Do a trick!" Not one time did i see any employee stop any of these people to "educate" them that they were acting like shitheads and stressing out the animals. After being herded through the shark tunnel like i was on a cattle car, having my personal space violated constantly. having kids punch me in the leg in line because "they're bored" paying $60 for a spoonful of reheated Chinese food at the cafe, we decide to leave but we stop at the dolphin nursery first. This started to cheer me up a bit watching the mother dolphins play with their young. Until some fucking teenager next to me starts screaming at them. "DO A FLIP! DO A FLIP! DO A FLIP! STUPID DOLPHIN DO A FLIP!" Their were plenty of employees around that were well in ear shot of this kid who could of told him to shut his mouth in any polite cooperate friendly way they could of, but instead they just sat there looking at their watches. This place is a shit hole. The animals are being abused. The rides suck. There is no redeeming quality here. Sea World needs to be shut down.
Well the place is dirty, the staff is mediocre and the attractions are dated.  They are making a lot of changes and improvements so hopefully it will get better.  Also, the prices have gone up way too much.  SeaWorld really went downhill since Busch split and no more free beer :(
I love SeaWorld! I always have since I was a kid.  I pretty much blame this park for my love of the ocean life.  My daughter's favorite is the dolphin nursery.  She likes the shows and getting to see the animals jump and swim, its hereditary.  I am fascinated by how many of the animals she can name now (at 4).  Unlike most theme parks that are centric on rides, there are only a handful of actual rides.  The new Antarctic exhibit is good but you have to be able to stand the cold and fish smells, but you do some really close to penguins.  The Manta and Kracken are the coasters, both are decent (my preference Kracken).  We have passes so we can go during all their seasonal changes, Christmas is my favorite.  If you would like to catch the shows during the busy seasons you have to go early.  Do not expect to sneak in minutes before the show and get good seats.   Overall, this is one of my daughter and my favorite theme parks in Orlando.
It's good family fun. Especially if you haven't been there before. They have roller coasters, a water log ride, shows that make you think you are under water. They have peddle boats, Sky tower and fireworks. You get to pet dolphins and sting rays.  It's all so humbly set for families to just enjoy a nice day out. As for the Shamu show, I loved seeing it in the evening.  Get there around 5:30 pm and wait, so you can be seated near the front.  It's an awesome show and when the night begins to come upon you,  the lighting becomes awesome.
Sea world looks nice on the outside, but after my visit my fears were confirmed. Orcas and dolphins live in families, or pods, in the wild. Here, they are held in tiny tanks and forced to do tricks that put both the animals and the trainers in danger. Do your research before going to this park.
My favorite attraction at Seaworld is feeding the dolphins!! They get so close to you that you can touch them as you're feeding them. They've added a couple of really good roller coasters since the last time I was there. It's a great place to go to if you enjoy being around marine wildlife.
Me and my mother recently visited Seaworld and I however, was not impressed. I recently watched the Blackfish documentary to see the overall treatment of the whales. I wasn't impressed the tricks were mediocre and after the Dawn Brancheau case the trainers aren't allowed in the water. Which is good but I remember as a child the Shamu shows being longer instead of 30 minutes.   Besides that the good was way too expensive for the quality received. The park doesn't have enough attractions to keep you busy , well maybe if you have small children but not older ones.
Great park that is usually not that crowded. A little something for everyone. I have had a pass for the past 4 years and will continue for the next 4.
If I could give no stars in this review, I would. I took my family to Seaworld last week while visiting Orlando. We were seated in the front row of the killer whale ampitheater for the show. Our hotel concierge had recommended this spot for the full experience. There were warning signs all around warning us that sitting in the front row would mean we would get wet. I thought the kids would love it. Unfortunately, these aquatic mammals are swimming in a small volume of water compared to where they naturally live. As such, when they defecate, Seaworld facilities are expected to filter the water as best as possible, but this is not always ensuring that the water is super clean. On the day we visited, I noticed a giant poop floating in the water just in front of where we were sitting. When it came time for the fish to splash near us, we were soaked. Afterwards, I noticed the big floater was missing from in front of the railing. It must've broken up with the splash and escaped the pool. I can only assume its particles were now covering us. I mentioned this to the family sitting next to us who were trying to pick out the still-crunchy parts of their tray of nachos. They spit out the nachos in their mouth and the daughter looked like she was going to be sick. It reminded me of how the chimpanzees at the San Diego zoo were known for throwing their food and feces at the zoo visitors. I wondered if the killer whale had intentionally orchestrated that maneuver as a similar act of aggression at the Seaworld visitors. Needless to say, we went straight to our hotel and changed our clothes and did not return to Seaworld. Nor will we ever.
So this was my first time at SeaWorld. The dolphin show and Shamu show was a blast. We went on a Thursday early and expected not too much of a crowd. We were wrong. Place was packed and after the show there were long lines for food. Also, the few rides they had were lined up for hours. Maybe it was just me and my non-liking of amusement parks, I dont know. Shows were nice though. I dont know if it was worth the $75 each.
I've been coming here for years since I was a young kid. This place holds a lot of childhood memories for me. As I grew up, so did this park. They still offer some original things like the Stingray lagoon, Shark Encounter (Terrors of The Deep), & the Shamu show. They added new thrill rides to enhance the experience along with some other cool shows. They had the best chicken & biscuit restaurant here before. The food taste ok, but prices are brutal in my opinion. I highly suggest getting the Meal Deal in which you pay about $35 (give or take) that includes unlimited meal with drink through every line entry at most restaurants throughout SeaWorld if you going to spend the day here. You just need about 2 meals to get your moneys worth. This is perfect for water or beverages on the hot Florida days. I like eating something small like a burger & then have the BBQ platter as a main entree for my visit. You get a lot of great food the one price. This can be great for a large family to save money in the end. SeaWorld overall is more a display/show experience about sea life. Yeah they have a few great thrill rides, but I feel this park is aimed towards the elderly or people who want a very relaxed day. You can spend your entire day with shows, animal displays, feed some stingrays, dolphins, or sea loins, & enjoy the soothing background music at some venues. The new Antarctica Penguin experience is a great ride & you can get very close to the penguins. Only negative thing is, you have to go on the ride to see the penguins. Most of the time the wait is like an hour. I asked about just seeing the penguins, but an employee told me no. Some helpful tips: - Go to the rides during major show performances like the Shamu show because most of the people are there. Or you can ride the rides later in the evening when the crowds are dying out. - Plan out your day accordingly to ensure you can experience everything. -During the mid-day or when it's very hot, try to see the show inside the theatre for air conditioning. The show should be called, "A'lure-- call of the ocean." I gave a rating of 3 Star because I feel this place is being let down from the park managers & staff members. The park feels dirty, things are not working properly like in the past, there is a whole stadium with nothing going on (except for the holidays), & after a few visits the park gets boring. I would suggest this park for first time visitors or people who love Sea Life. Besides. The coasters are great, but shame to pay a lot of money just to ride them. The cost is very high, but you can find better deals out there like the Fun Card or Combo ticket with Universal Orlando.
This place is a mess.  From the star it took us 45 minutes to get in the park.  We went to Disney yesterday and it took us 5 minutes.  The difference is that Sea World was completely disorganized and had 3 people collecting money from the cars.  Yesterday at Disney there were over 15 and plenty of parking attendants to expedite the process.  This was just the start of a long day or disorganization and unpleasant employees.  At one point we stopped for a drink and we asked the clerk if the machine was working and she said "gosh, try it yourself".  I am very disappointed with the disorganization and rude employees and I will not be returning.  Further, the park has limited attractions, especially since the trainers can't even go in the water with Shamu.
Great amusement park that you can do in a day.  Great shows and exhibits with Orcas, Dolphins, Sharks, Stingrays, and thousands of other marine creatures.  Awesome roller coaster and rides with decent line times compared to other parks.  Huge play place for kids with cargo nets and slides that is awesome.  The dilemma of this place is odd to me.  These are conservationists that LOVE these sea creatures and spend careers teaching millions of people a year about how to help and protect these creatures while at the same time being protested and chastised  by other conservationists that LOVE these same sea creatures and spend their careers trying to convince people that SeaWorld is evil and mistreating the creatures!!  Can't we all just get along?!?!?  I see SeaWorld as a wonderful place that promotes conservation to the masses and is a fun place to visit and ride awesome rides.  The Manta is the bomb!! If you have a negative opinion of SeaWorld I would recommend you go and watch the show and make your own mind up before you just take some angry sign holders word for the truth :) if you have been and you still don't like it.. Don't go back :) that's the joy of a free country
Amazing well worth the visit; can't wait for the New Penguin area to open how exciting and what an amazing learning experience
A must do if you have family. A must do if you like shows and don't like virtual rides in Universal or have motion sickness issues.  The animals are well maintained and their philosophy is well meaning.
This was our first time ever at SeaWorld, and it was very pleasant.  We had a really good time. SeaWorld is basically a good-sized outdoor aquarium, with a lot more interaction than average.  You can feed and pet the dolphins, touch the stingrays, and feed the seals and sea lions.  The shark exhibit was wonderful... you get to see leafy seadragons, barracuda (one of my faves), and, of course, five different species of shark above and beside you (you view them as you walk in a tube that goes through their tank). I was expecting the Shamu show to be really cheesy, but it was great.  A little short, but fun for both children and adults.   Everyone who works there was very warm and welcoming (although, I'm from Chicago, where most museum, aquarium, and planetarium employees are disinterested at best, so maybe I'm a little biased). One thing, though:  I was expecting it to be a little bigger... the website emphasizes that you should allow the entire day.  We saw everything (plus we did the Shark Deep Dive and several things twice, and we left the park for an hour due to a medical emergency) and it did not take up the entire day.  Even so, it was a very enjoyable day and we had a lot of fun.  (FYI, I'm not big into rollercoasters, which is why you don't see me mentioning the rides here; we didn't go on them.  We did see the rides on a Travel Channel special, though, and they looked kinda cheesy.  The show was pre-Manta, however... that ride looks pretty kick-ass, but it wasn't open yet during our visit.  Just missed it!) If you have the extra money, do the Shark Deep Dive.  It's a once-in-a-lifetime thing, and something that most people you know will have never done.  You basically get a half an hour to pick the brain of a long-time SeaWorld employee, who will tell you everything you need to know about sharks.  You'll get to feel their skin, hold a Megaladon's tooth, and hear their history.  Then, you jump into a wetsuit (or, if you're "curvy" like me, squeeze, skip, hop, roll, wiggle, and stretch as best as you can into a wetsuit), take a short behind-the-scenes look on your way to the shark tank, don your bubble helmet (no scuba training required) and hop into an authentic shark cage for a 30-minute close encounter with SeaWorld's shark population.  It was an absolutely amazing experience.  They even have a professional photographer capturing your moment with the sharks, and they give you all the photos, and the copyright so you can reproduce and print them, on a CD, along with a book about sharks and rays and a souvenir t-shirt.  Be warned, though; the water is pretty cold.  You get used to it quickly, but most people are ready to get out after 30 minutes.  I could have stayed there all day, though... it was incredible! Another tip?  If you're going to be in Orlando, and if you can afford it, get the Discovery Cove package.  You'll have instant and unlimited access to SeaWorld, Busch Gardens, and Aquatica, along with admission to the FABULOUS and incredible Discovery Cove.  Everywhere you go, you'll be treated like a VIP :)
I've been to Sea World in May and had an amazing time. Can't believe that I forgot to review it before, but remember it like it was yesterday! I was impressed with the landscape, the whole park is beautiful and clean.  5/5 Our first stop was Journey to Atlantis because I heard that in the afternoon is a really long line. We waited about  10 minutes. Absolutely loved it, so much fun, just be prepared to get soaked. Later in the day we wanted to do another ride, but the line was to long. 5/5 They have amazing live entertainment. I loved Clyde and Seamore, so much fun. Make sure to go there 20-30 minutes before the show starts to secure you seat, it gets really crowded. 5/5 The Shamu Stadium was nice, but nothing special, got borred after 15 minutes. If you're seated in the front row, be prepared to get soaked. 3/5 The Wild Arctic -  motion simulated helicopter journey. It was okay. I noticed that the kids that were there enjoyed it. Not good if you have motion sickness. 3.5/5 Turtle Trek was also pretty amazing.  It's a 360° 3D dome theater. You stand on a round platform and start an underwater journey from a perspective of a see turtle.  4/5 They have two rollercoasters, Kraken and Manta. We only experienced Manta. I'm not a fan of rollercoasters, so Manta was a perfect choice. Not too scary, but still exciting adrenalin rush. 4.5/5 I really enjoyed the time spent at Sea World, just wish that we had few more hours. Take a map an make a plan for the day. The live entertainment is at a certain time, twice a day for the same show. I chose which shows I wanna see first and in between did everything else.
I have to admit, I was dreading going to SeaWorld.  Didn't know what to expect.  Staff was very friendly, the shows were incredible.  Worth the money!
Don't listen to people saying the park is dirty or shabby, has rude employees, or anything of that nature. It is all a bunch of lies from people that are pissed off about the Blackfish propaganda movie. You know when one of the 1-star reviews spends a paragraph complaining that a teenager employee couldn't point them in the direction of a beer at 11 AM they are reaching. There is beer in the park, and no it isn't complimentary anymore like it was in the Busch days. Big deal, get over it and buy a freaking beer. Anyway, the park is beautiful, with lush landscaping and a relaxing atmosphere. Ride wise it has 2 of the best rollercoasters in Florida and a neat 3D domed theater in TurtleTrek. The Antarctica attraction under delivered big time on the ride portion, which is a shame as the habitat is really nice. The shows at the park are entertaining, but honestly I prefer just walking around the park and checking out the habitats and rides. Don't miss the rather hidden aquarium area under the Manta rollercoaster!
Great shows!!!
This place has gone to hell. If your thinking about going please save your money. Luckily my ticket came free with purchase of discovery cove ticket. From just entering the park I got attitudes from all of the workers except one cheerful cafeteria cashier( she must have recently transferred from disney). My plastic pass didn't scan so they ticket guy treated me like crap because he had to manually enter numbers.  Wtf not my fault.   Then I go to buy food and beer and ask for a stella.  The guy has no idea what I'm talking about.  I have to physically point out the beer handel.  Then he won't serve me because its 10 59.  So I wait there staring at him.   Then I go to play games and the lady lets everyone play but me and my bf.  When I hand her my game pass she tells me that I have to wait beause the other family was waiting before me.  Which most certainly wasn't true.   With all the crap that's currently in the media you need to treat those who attend very well. Unfortunately , seaworld has done the opposite . At this rate I see bancruptcy in the near future.
Nice exhibits and Shamu show is a must. Krakken was awesome! but they only have ONE car going around, so the line was ridiculous because you had to wait for that car to finish the ride and come back around. Make sure to wipe your seats! We went on the hottest day of the week, and we it was finally our turn for the ride, my seat was drenched in sweat from previous rider! GROSS! Bring a wipee, because you are NOT going to want to miss out on this ride!
It's 90 degrees in August and there is little to no shade for the park lines. You would think management would be more considerate to their guests and accommodate their simple comfort. The signs on the front say it's a 15 minute wait and we have been waiting for 45 minutes, we had plans to attend a show and plans were ruined due to their lack of diligence.
Very limited, not an aquarium and not much of a theme park. The shows are meh, impressive to the kiddies. There are about 4 rides. The only real draw are the dolphin and whale shows, and the whale show is a real sleeper.  Feeding the Sea Lions & dolphins was fun, but pricey. I was there Spring Break, it was too crowded, too hot, and WAY too expensive. My family of 4 was out 500 clams by 5 o'clock, and we ate the cheap food. It's not super friendly like the Mouse, nor that educational.
We are locals with season passes and come here quite often. We love Disney and Universal, but if you are into rides at a theme park, this one has some of the best. The shows showing off the marine life are a fun attraction, the park is typically less crowded than the others, and it is much more economical to go comparatively. A great visit.
great park, and a big hit with the kids.  There's lots to do, lots to see, and lots to learn.
We got rained out, but what we did get to view and do was so beautiful! We didn't get to see Shamou but the Dolphin Show was superb! We got to witness dolphin feeding, and my daughter got to touch one. I liked the fact that we could buy souvenir cups and fill them up all day for free. They had a water area for the Kids to cool off and enjoy.  This place is expensive to expect to spend a lot of money. It's worth every penny tho! We do plan on visiting again!
We have been to Disney, Universal, etc but we all agree Sea World was the best!  Somehow I found out about a youth career camp program.  So, I looked into it!  It looked great and we prepared to send our daughter.  That was two years ago.  She just returned from her second trip and "it was even better than last time" which we thought was impossible.  We actually were concerned of a let down.  My daughter could not stop talking about her experiences over her return dinner.  I knew the camps were good but not this good!  I had not realized how much time was devoted to education and classroom study!  She returned a conservationist  and activist!  I am so proud of her and enjoyed our dinner conversation immensely!  Thank you Sea World Adventure and Career Camps.  Oh, she had tons of fun too!
Shamu = shamwow! and fun for everyone. It's a well-known fact that we spectators love to see humans and animals interact for our entertainment. Unfortunately, I'm too young to have witnessed the wonderful shows at the Coliseum with humans, lions, tigers, bears, etc. But I trust  the ancient accounts from spectators like Ignatius, who noted the ancient crowd's overwhelming enthusiasm stirred by animal trainer / priest Saturus during his performance with a boar, bear, and leopard simultaneously. According to Ignatius, it was truly a can't miss, one-time-only event. As exciting as those shows must have been, I'm sure that the Seaworld of today would equally thrill the plebians of that period, just as it now thrills their modern ilk. As testimony to the entertainment value of this show, it should be noted that not one negative review has ever been posted or even written about this form of entertainment - just as no ancient texts negatively portray the aforementioned 'ad bestias' spectacles. Sure, without the benefit of modern technology there were a few mishaps back then, but the ancients understood that sometimes happens - hence the Latin term mea culpa (my bad). Plus the ancients also understood how clearly unforseeable it was for a killer animal of any variety to act out against its captors. I can't wait until they take this show on the road to a local pool near you. If Barnum and Bailey can do it, I know the folks at Seaworld are equally capable - of anything. As such, I look forward to great white sharks and polar bears inclusion into future acts. Why should killer whales get to have all the fun? Speaking of increasing the fun for everyone: In future shows, as in Roman times, at least one lucky spectator should be chosen by the emperor (or local tribunal) to spontaneously join the show. Though the emperors and tribunals of today, unlike Roman times, shouldn't limit the potential 'pool' of candidates to one religious group. That wouldn't comport with our modern sense of religious freedom and equal (human) rights. In the same way we as a society reject (human) bondage and unlawful (human) imprisonment, limiting the privilege of being chosen to one specific religious group would be morally repugnant.
One of my favorite parks, great for young kids the shows are great they have the perfect amount of rides and shows and it is also like a aquarium.  This park is one you wish you had two days to take your time to go threw everything.  The old shamu show I think I'd much better than the new one but still amazing park.  The roller coaster Manta is awesome you lay on your stomach and go threw it.  Like I said before this is a great park for little ones with all the shows.
Please don't let the Liberal obnoxious animal rights nuts (same folks who say stepping on an Ant is murder) sway you from coming to Sea World. My family went a few weeks ago and we really enjoyed our time, more so than we did at some of the Disney Parks, a great balance of rides and shows .. Manta and Kracken are two of their thrill rides folks need to ride and the whale, dolphin and seal shows we're each great. Kids have their own section of rides which were still exciting since our 4 year old neice loves scary rides and they had their own roller coaster, sudden drop and spin rides. wait times are so much better than disney parks and a lot more organized. I came in with doubts, but Seaworld far exceeded expectations
Excellent. Possibly my favourite theme park. Lots of of info and education on conservation too.
Went just for the killer whale show.  It was fantastic.  Very busy at Park but show was worth every minute.  Rides are okay but limited.
Amazing time at SeaWorld!  Would recommened b/c it's different.  The rides are great!
If I were rating Seaworld based on my first experience, back when I was a kid, I would've given it an eager 5 stars. I loved the shows (especially the killer whales), loved the interactive areas, the rides, everything. It feels like the Shamu show really went downhill though - they have 3 gigantic screens there, so more than half the time, you're watching a movie instead of the whales. What's the point? The rides are still amazing - tried both rollercoasters and absolutely loved them! The dolphin show and the sea lion shows were good too.
Perfect place to take the kids during the evening. It's safe and so much fun to go during the evening because it's not so hot outside that you can't enjoy it. Also, at night the workers there are more friendly and the staff will let you do more, like touch the dolphins and just relax or chill out. I hate being rushed along because when you leave you feel like you didn't get much out of it. We used to take our little ones after dinner time and after they were fully rested around 6pm. When we got to there, it wasn't packed, it was like our own little world. The kids got to visit most of the gift shops and actually take their time looking at everything. There is a cute little cottage we stumbled upon at we went inside, it felt like we were in a fairytale!
After my trip to Seaworld, I wanted to give 5 stars out of both pity and respect for money donated to research and conservation. The park seemed a little downcast, especially at the live performances, where trainers really did not seem to believe in the act. They aren't allowed in with the orcas, for one, and that was fairly depressing. Add to that Blackfish, which lambasts the park in a fashion Rush Limbaugh would be proud of. Blackfish has really blown up, but retains notes of Loose Change... a vast web of lies and suffering underpinning a money-making machine. I believe maybe 60% of what Blackfish has to say, and it does seem unfair to Seaworld. Their stock has crashed since, as well. What a pity! However, pity is no motivator to give stars. Pity is a wasted emotion, valueless charity that compels nothing better of the pitied. It's a palliative for the pitier, like prayer. Useless, changing nothing, simply making one feel better about a bad situation. Add to that the fact that Seaworld requires no pity. The company's three parks rake in billions. They give something on the order of a million dollars a year to research. That's great,  but with hundreds of millions in profit, it's a drop in the bucket. I've heard this story before with Wal-Mart: give $30,000, spend half a million telling the public about it. Jesus would be fucking pissed. The fact is that Seaworld is a raw money-making operation, contributing to society only in the sense of being an economic player. So, I must discard my desire to add stars for emotional reasons and judge the place on its actual merits. Now, about those merits... I had a pretty good time. My tickets were free, from adopting a cat at the humane society. We also bought no food or toys (maybe you can tell there were no children involved). In all, we spent $1 inside Seaworld, so I do find it hard to complain. If I had paid the $98 entrance fee, though, I would be absolutely dismal about this place. I am rating as though I had. It's something between a big zoo and an amusement park. The crowds were out of hand, and everything is outrageously expensive. The attractions are on the order of good-to-great, as I expected. My favorite part was the manatees, followed by the dolphin nursery. The latter is less-visited and dolphins seem less depressing than orcas (that's the Blackfish talking). Manta was really fun, Kraken also quite fun. I wouldn't wait more than a half hour, though. I wouldn't go to One Ocean, the orca show, if time is tight. Blue Horizons, on the other hand, brought a tear to my eye. Maybe it's better with kids, though I can't imagine that. If i HAD to go to an Orlando Park, Seaworld might still be my second or third choice. Holy Land Experience: dead last. Disney has the fairy tales, why do we need another one? Maybe you can tell I'm not a theme park person.
Always a constant experience.  We loved the new Manta roller coaster.
Its a great park, today the weather was overcast therefore some of the ride were shut down. This was more for safety. Park did not seen busy, shit wait for rides
Bring lots of money!  $15 to park, $90 to get in the park! $5 for a hot dog.   The most annoying thing was arriving after a long drive, then finding that two of the major attractions were closed for the day. Wouldn't entitle the paying guests for a discount on the $90 ticket?  Not a chance. On a nice day, expect to wait an hour or more to get into the open shows. Or at least the ones that are open.
I personally love coming here and bringing the kids they always enjoy the shows and watching the animals and learning different facts about them. It just sucks when it rains and the long lines that take forever .
I bought a ONE YEAR pass in August of 2011. The park automatically continues to bill you past the one year without notifying you. It's in the small print apparently. I bought the pass at the park and this was NOT explained to me. My tax preparer was doing my taxes and noticed continued charges. I have only used the pass one time each at Sea World and Busch Gardens Tampa. I called their customer Service at Sea World, got a person who then cold transferred me to another department, which I waited approximately 15-20 minutes for an agent. i explained to the agent my situation and understood I was under obligation for the one year. I have no problem with that whether i used it or not. But to charge me every month after I did have a problem and I wanted a refund. They only agreed to refund 3 months, not the 7 I was over-charged. I spoke to a supervisor who was less helpful than the first agent. I advised I would let others know of this scam and of the poor customer service they displayed. A company worth multi-millions surely can refund me 7 months of extra charges I was not aware of. However, they choose not to. Very poor service. Guess that goes along with an old park which provided poor entertainment and no desire to return.
Headline: interesting shows The park layout and show times are well planned chronologically,  so that you can spend the day seeing shows as you walk around the park. One world: their marquee show.  The orcas are majestic and amazing to see in action.  There's not a lot of fairness in the way we treat the animal kingdom, so if you are going to boycott seaworld because of Blackfish, you should probably also become vegan and boycott every zoo.  Don't forget that Blackfish isn't meant to be very objective..that wouldn't sell!  But yes it stinks for animals to be captured.  On balance seaworld probably does more for conservation efforts and to promote education/awareness though, so I hesitate to be so judgemental about them..at the risk of being hypocritical (or being swayed purely by an emotional documentary) Clyde& Seamore: funny pre show, so go early.  Main characters in the show are the sea lion and a big walrus. Allure the call of the ocean: indoor mostly acrobatic show.   Early in I noticed 90pct of the acrobats were Chinese. .it seemed like they hired a Chinese troupe that incorporated some Chinese tricks like the Chinese yo yo.   Entertaining over all but it was freezing in there. blue Horizons: exciting Dolphin and bird show intertwined with a bit of water acrobatics
Totally amazing-visit shamu for a great show. There are loads of roller coasters etc not for the faint hearted. buy a combo ticket for this and bush gardens to save money
I am a big fan of Seaworld but the last few times I have been there, I have noticed that it's not up to speed like the other parks in the area. I think they need to revamp some of the rides and change some of the shows that have been around for a long time, like the Seal show. The staff at the park seem to be miserable even now at Christmas time. You don't get that sense of holiday spirit despite that constant holiday music playing over the loudspeakers. The food selection here is very limited. Most of the fast food places are a waste of time because it's precooked overpriced food. We ate at the Spice Mill and it was a complete miss (Yelp The Spice Mill). I am eager to try the Shark Underwater Grill so we can dine with the Sharks!  I'm assuming the food quality will be better because having seen the menu, it's not cheap. Shamu Show: For me, it's not the same without the trainers in the water. I find it a bit boring now without that interaction. My 4 y/o son was desperate to leave because he was not entertained. The whales are limited to splashing and waving to the crowd with their tails and that about sums it up. Manta & Kraken are the two roller coasters and they offer a good thrill ride. On Manta, you may get a bit dizzy because you ride looking down and your whole body is elevated like Superman. We are annual passholders so we visit the parks a lot but we prefer Seaworld's sister park Busch Gardens in terms of attractions, animals and food selection.
Seaworld is an excellent day out, but with a few caveats for the average cynical European like me. Firstly, if you don't like performing animals, then you're really in the wrong place. Seaworld has performing animal shows coming out of its gills. Secondly, the place has the typical American streak of sentimentality and commercialism combined, which can be a little overbearing. The Killer Whale show, viewed after the dolphin/fake killer whale show (no, it's not a dolphin in a killer whale suit, there are such things as fake killer whales. Don't ask me how they got the name : presumably they just swim about acting dead hard, but when it comes to the crunch they just give sealions a painful lovebite and leave it at that) tends to be a bit repetitive (there's only so many tricks the average sea mammal can do, I suppose). In the dolphin show this is cleverly covered up with acrobatics from the trainers/performers and additional surprises such as a flight of macaws, whilst the whale show relies more on treacly sentiment, with slogans such as Believe being flashed up on large screens behind the aquarium. The star of the whale show, the legendary Shamu, recognisable by his floppy fin, just cruised the aquarium flicking water at the audience with his tail (not really a surprise as the whole auditorium is split into wet and dry seating) On the bright side, Seaworld provides an unequalled opportunity for hands-on experience with the animals. You can actually get close-up to manta-rays, dolphins and sealions, and you are allowed to purchase food to feed to them. It's possibly the only time you'll be allowed close enough to a dolphin to touch it. If you don't want to do the touchy-feely stuff you can still watch many of the species under water in their natural environment - dolphins, beluga whales, sealions, penguins etc. One of the highlights is the baby dolphin pool, where you can watch the young dolphins watching you. Altogether a good day out, and thoroughly recommended.
Dolphins, stingrays, whales, tortoises, penguins, etc...a must see! The shows are awesome. Atlantis is a fun thrilling ride. Don't miss Empire of the Penguin. It's chilly in there, but an awesome experience as you walk thru the life of a penguin. All ages will love it. Our group consisted of people ranging from 2-42.
great place, loads of fun. Would go there loads more times, all the shows were mindblowingly amazing. Wish i would've taken a video to show everyone. Loved it, definately reccommend it to anyone going to Orlando, Florida.
SeaWorld takes the aquarium to a whole other level.  I highly recommend going to SeaWorld on New Years Eve.
Another fantastic park in Florida !! it's the ulitmate aquarium , the whale show is the best and sit on the front row for the best experience and a cool down!! you can fed the fish . There is also dolphins at this park and various shows you must see the shamu show
My husband and I visited Sea World last September. This was my first time to go and it was worth waiting for! I enjoyed seeing Shamu and riding rides like The Journey to Atlantis. I loved seeing all the animals and shows. It was an awesome experience and I planned to be back!
Has to be the best park in all or orlando. The shamu show has to be seen - these whales are amazing. The sea lions show is a must as well but you need to arrive early to watch the bell hop in action - he is so funny! There are rides here too and they are excellent - as with all of florida there are likely to be queues but they seem to move all the time so you don't really bother
I didn't care for SeaWorld.  The place is laid out so weird, their map is not helpful, it's not clear where/how you get anywhere.  We got the all day dining, not worth it!  You are limited to where you can go, and once you get there you are limited on what you can get-more importantly the food was horrific!  Got a burger that quite frankly I wouldn't feed to an animal.  I only went because the person I was traveling with wanted to go and I wanted to see the dolphin show.  The show was ok, much more about theatrics than about the dolphins themselves.  I would not go back there again.
Enjoyed Seaworld. Saw two Shamu the Killer Whale shows, Believe and Shamu Rocks, plus a Dolphin Show. Went on a couple of rides, one a log flume type ride (got very wet) and a rollercoaster or the upside down variety which I think was called Kracken. Also saw a pets show which was very funny, never seen a trained skunk before!
I just went on last Sunday.  It was super hot/humid.  I bought my tickets on sea world's website for only $80 each.  Its only $65 for a weekday ticket as well on their website.  I was able to bring 6 bottles of water and my camera in a book bag into the park.  I really enjoyed the dolphin/killer whale shows.  The dolphin feeding area was awesome as your able to touch the dolphins and see them up close!  So cute!  That alone was worth the price of admission.  I love the sting ray pool where you got to touch them as well.  I really enjoyed the killer whale show.  The rides are decent but let's be real, most people don't go to sea world for the rides.  I did the sky tower, Atlantis, and penguin ride.  The penguins was very enjoyable to watch as they played around.  I ate inside the park and it was a rip off of course.  I ate at the cafe in front of the penguin ride.  Had some Asian food that consisted of fried rice and some pepper steak.  Small portions for $11.99+.  No drink. Lol. Too bad that I didn't sneak in any food.  Lol.   The shark tunnel was interesting as well.  I enjoyed the different aquariums of fish and etc.   I wanted too see a giant squid and a giant king crab.  I think they should find some. :). The lines was pretty long for some rides and the hot humid weather made it worse.  Fall/Spring would be a better time to visit vs summer time.   I definitely will be back!
This is my favourite out of all the parks in florida. The roller coasters are brilliant, and seeing the dolphins is just amazing. Make sure you buy some fish to feed the dolphins, its unbelievable having them that close and eating from your hand.
Fellow Yelpers,   This review would be more of how to experience sea world other then what I think of it. 3 stars because it's definitely not a place I could use a year round pass to. It's more like a once a year or every 2 years place. Good thing about this park is that you can walk around and not feel like your waiting on lines. It's mostly shows ( Shamu the whale, dolphins, walruses, and more) all the shows have scheduled times. So just follow your schedule and show up at the show time of your convenience, the shows go through out the day. First come first availability seated. Keep in mind front row at whale show is a splash zone. Aka soak zones. So if you have electronics they will break. Semore and Clyde show is a show you want to get to early. They do a pre show that is worth seeing. It's the most popular part of this show. It has to do with a MIME but I won't give it away. Be here 15 min early. This show is with the walrus and sea. Shamu show- Do to unfortunate circumstances the trainers can no longer get in the water with these killer whales. So if you seen the show before you will be disappointed. However if you never seen it. It's just about what whale can make this biggest splash.  Don't be upset if the don't do a show do to "the whales being stubborn" and not in the mood to perform. Personally I would fire them! Check out one of the shows that similar to a cirque show. Really has amazing Acrobatics Dolphin show is really fun. A mix of dolphins flipping and people jumping off high platforms into the water. Very fast and exciting show. Rides and roller coasters- 2 roller coasters, kraken and manta. Both excellent coasters. Kraken a little better. But the unique thing about manta is the after strapping into the seat the coaster turns you onto your stomach as you soar like a live manta ray around sea world.  These lines can et long seasonal. But remember they do have a single riders line. Journey to Atlantis is another ride. It is a water floom  ride with a big drop. Then guests at the park can pay to soak you as you drive around. This ride makes you wet. Possibly soaked! DO not get about turtle Trek. It's not a ride by any means. Over this place is a cool spot to hang out. No difference then any zoo. Except costs more. But once or twice in a lifetime would be ok enough.
Seaworld is a fantastic, and full, day out for all the family/ The chance to get up close and even interact with so many different creatures os not to be missed, and the walkway through the giant tank filled with sharks and more is something to behold. The shows too are outstanding, with the obvious highlight being the quite magnificent killer whale show, which was worth the price of admission on its own. To the parks credit they are trying to keep with the times, and so have added attractions, notably in the spectacular Kraken rollercoaster for those with nerves of steel.
Don't go to this park during January! Their premier Shamu show and Journey to Atlantis were both not operational. Also, don't pay for the premium parking if you are going to stay until closing. it will take an hour to get out of the parking lot as that section is the last to leave. It's hard to justify the money spent to visit this park when it closes at 6PM and the major attractions are closed. On the positive side, the animal shows were awesome, but crowded since the other attractions were closed.
We loved Seaworld and would definitely recommend it as part of an Orlando holiday experience. The Shamu show has to be seen to be believed (not just because of the killer whale but because of the acrobatic humans too!) The sealions are really funny and all the shows are worth seeing, especially when the sun goes down. It was great to be able to stroke the dolphins and whales and my kids loved it! My son had to buy a miniature Shamu, which was not cheap but has become a much treasured souvenir, so go prepared with plenty of funds!
I found it funny to read Peter C.'s review, which starts with: "Don't listen to people saying the park is dirty or shabby, has rude employees, or anything of that nature. It is all a bunch of lies from people that are pissed off about the Blackfish propaganda movie." OK, guess that guy must work there. All the Blackfish stuff aside, I've always found this place to be one of those overpriced places, that just keeps finding ways to get more money out of you. But it's a theme park, so that seems to be the norm. My last trip here, my boyfriend was visiting his grandmother in the area, and her neighbor, who works one of the shows, gave her a bunch of free guest tickets for visiting family over the holidays. We went the day after Christmas, and I was the last person in our party of 6 to get in line to enter. After they had all made it through, the employee at the entrance told me to scan my finger, which I did. She then asked for my driver's license, which I told her was weird, because we had a pile of guest passes and I was just handed one of them- none that included any of our names. She tells me not to move, which is hard, since I'm standing in the middle of the busy entrance line, and then disappears for over 10 minutes. When she finally returns and I explain the situation again, as I'm waving for everyone in my party, who entered just before me, to wait up, the employee tears the ticket up in front of me and rudely starts yelling and accusing me of stealing someone else's ticket. I explain the situation again, and that that's not the case, and she continued yelling at me for trying to sneak in to the park, and apparently impersonate the male ticket holder, by scanning my finger, after she asked me to. At that point I was ready to leave and my entire trip there was spoiled, but my boyfriend quickly purchased an extra ticket from the vending machine so we could catch up to his family. The level of rudeness this employee displayed was disgusting. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. So, having been to Sea World a few times over the past few years when visiting family in FL, I'll probably not visit again because the last trip started off on such a sour note. It'd probably be a better idea to hide the ruder employees away from the entrance.
Sea World was great fun, suitable for the whole family but kids especially will love it. The Shamu show was brilliant. All the animal areas were interesting and well displayed. There's a good mix of rides and animals, but the emphasis isn't really on rides at Sea World. The coasters are excellent though. Overall a great day out, 2 days would be best to make the most of it.
Have I outgrown the SeaWorld experience? Maybe because it was rainy and sad the day we went. Our tickets came with our Discovery Cove tickets, which help motivated us over there. We did make sure we saw the Shamu show though, sitting close enough to the splash zone. I loved the rides (kiddie version aka The Journey to Atlantis) and exploring the different attractions. The sea turtle life experience (TurtleTrek) was a highlight as well as Polar Express "ride". Take the SkyTower ride to get a nice view of the park before it gets crowded. We arrived at opening, so there wasn't too much line waiting for us nor parking woes!
Pass on the Summer Nights Brew Sampler. Not worth money or hassle. Few places in park serve, employees are not knowledgeable, samples are Dixie cup size and management at the booths in the Bayside areas are unfriendly.
I really loved it. The creatures seemed to be treated well when I was there. The Shamu show was beautiful and breathtaking. I saw so much when I was here. I was in the park from opening to closing and I still didn't finish seeing everything. Food is pretty expensive, but what do you expect? It's an amusement park. The two roller coasters I went on were really fun. It was an amazing experience. I would for sure come back again.
Had so much fun in sea world, the shamu show is just great.
I'm a Virgo. I make lists. I was born to do so. Normally I reserve my list making for important time wasting things like "favorite movies of all time" or "least favorite vegetables" but when thinking of my Seaworld Orlando review, a list of likes and dislikes seemed like the most efficient way to break things down. Here goes! Starting with the not so great: I was not at all impressed with the shark exhibit - I've seen better at places that don't specialize in the world "sea". Tank was filled with a handful of small sharks only. If you have to skip one thing on your visit, I promise you're not missing much at the shark exhibit. Maintenance was a bit of an issue on my visit, with some rides not working at all and some exhibits not fully viewable. I'm used to one or two things in an entire amusement park not running, but for some reason it felt more noticeable at Seaworld. The "check in" area that comes after ticketing (which I encourage you to buy in advance) is AWFUL! Combine sweaty, annoyed people with confused foreigners who will cut you in line with attendants working two lines at a time and you get the longest wait in the entire park before you even get it! Patrons are asked to scan their own passes, many people can't seem to nail the process down, and most people who buy tickets at the gate are asked to hold up the line by writing their names on their ticket. I say let the people risk losing their tickets and save everyone else time! Now onto the good stuff: The dolphin show Blue Horizons hands down the best part of our day. It's really amazing and certainly not something you can see everyday! I encourage everyone to do all the shows but absolutely see this one - it's the most energetic of the bunch. The turtle exhibit was a huge surprise. I was very hesitant about waiting 30 minutes to "watch a movie"  when there were live animals to be seen, but the 3D 360 degree movie is like nothing I've ever seen and completely worthwhile. In one word, it was breathtaking. Pocket-wise, Seaworld is fairly affordable in comparison to the other big amusement parks in Orlando. Factoring food and beverages, souvenirs, admission, parking, etc, we all came in very under budget. Finally, Seaworld gets a lot of flack for the whole holding animals captive/using animals for entertainment thing, and I get it. There's a part of me that feels guilty about it. But I will say this... For the small percentage of live sea creatures they house and train, which I do believe they do with tender hearts and care, the staff at Seaworld and the environment at Seaworld promotes anti-pollution of the ocean and provides a great deal of education to the younger generation every where you look. There were times where I felt like I was an extra in PSA.
Always my favorite park in Orlando!!!  Great shows, great rides, an overall excellent day!
This park is just an overall awesome family friendly theme park.  I will continue to come here for two main reasons: Kraken and Manta.  I think Kraken is the most extreme, fun and crazy roller coaster I have been on, having a total of seven inversions.  When I am on it I don't know if I should be smiling or screaming my face off.  Their newer coaster, Manta, is such a unique ride.  You are strapped in with shoulder restraints and then lowered in the laying down position which simulates the sensation of flight (like the manta swimming through the ocean).  Going through a loop in this position is such an odd but incredible feeling and is so much fun.  The ride is also an attraction that incorporates a beautiful aquarium with sting rays and other aquatic life. The park is very clean and well kept.  The animal exhibits are all awesome- sea lions, dolphins, sharks, sting rays- every aquatic animal you can think of is at this park.  The shows are a lot of fun, but haven't really changed much over the years.  The new Shamu Rocks show was great- they had 6 different killer whales doing amazing tricks all while playing rock music with lights everywhere and fireworks.  Almost all the animal shows are worth seeing, but I wasn't a huge fan of A'Lure, which is an indoor show with acrobatics.  It was good but just not great.  The new Antarctica ride was good but didn't live up to the hype.  On a hot day it was an enjoyable ride because you go through artic cold sections and it is very refreshing- definitely not worth waiting 120 minutes though.  Once off the ride, you are able to view the penguin exhibit which was great.   Overall, a great park to spend the day with friends and family!
A WHALE OF A TIME! Sea World is by far an amazing place to go to whether you are young or old! The show are fabulous!! There is only one show that my husband, son, and myself did not care for and that was Alure: Call of the Ocean. Having said that, not that it was not performed well. It was just not our particular kind of show. The animal shows - Pets Ahoy (with all rescue animals), One Ocean (with Shamu and whales), Clyde and SeaMore's Countdown to Christmas (sea lions & otters), and Blue Horizons (Dolphins) were all so good that we saw them twice. The whales and dolphins shows were our favorites. November was a great time to go as the crowd was not heavy and the lines were not long. We bought the pass to pay for a day but you get unlimited admission for a full year so it is good until Dec. 31, 2013. Another great way to save money there is to pay one price for all day dining. It is a park that is definitely worth the money.
My family and I spend a weekend in Orlando about every three months. The annual pass for this and Busch Gardens Tampa is affordable and we love the Arctic and Antarctica. We usually eat at the Spice Mill and sometime Voyager's Smokehouse. If you go this park, do not miss Pet's Ahoy! and be sure to check out Clyde and Seamore Take Pirate Island! The animal trainers really know each of their animals well and take great care of them!
Every time we go here since being pass members there is a problem. I waited in line to enter park to be told I could not bring my stroller through that turnstile I had to go to other end and wait in line again. No sign but guest services said the park working on one. Yea right. Had me right a complaint down in a piece of torn off paper. Very professional. Pass members could have front of line access to Antarctica penguin ride. Rey to book one. There are none available. Take it off the website if there are no spots available. The park offers perks for pass members but I have yet to see any. Also shaky show sucks. It was way better a few years ago. The only show worth seeing is the dolphin and wake show! Overpriced, long lines, and rude customer service! Will be canceling my passes N heading to Disney.  Same prices for one day admission anyways.
Fun park! Here you can take some crazy rides, watch water shows with animals, eat, drink, walk, dance, and is say if you have a chance, do come check this place out at least once. My friend and I took a ride on The Kraken and it was SCARY!
truly a wet place!! got the best rides shows and fish ever it will keep the family entertained you can even touch manta rays and dolphins. it is the best place ever... well everything at orlando is Video link: youtube.com/watch?v=hje2…
I travel to Orlando twice a year from Ireland and Seaworld is my son's (now 9) favourite park. We love Manta, Kracken and Atlantis although I agree with others that the ride part to see the penguins is a bit lame for adults. Son liked it last year. Very cold where the penguins are, be prepared. The netted climbing area has been a big hit since he was 6 yrs and he still loves all the animal encounters. Am lucky in never having encountered poor employee attitude or had anything stolen. I've enjoyed all the shows too. I would have said its better to go with children under 12 but my siblings and sister in law always went (no kids) but now due to the Blackfish Documentary won't go anymore. Up til then they never missed the park. Trick or treating last Halloween was fun and uncrowded (a Sunday in mid Oct) and included in our entry ticket. We enjoyed the xmas shows to in Dec. We also enjoyed the street party at closing time near the entrance. SeaWorld loses 1 star for the food. I am a fussy vegetarian so generally get stuck with pizza and chips wherever I go. The water tastes vile. Even the diet coke tastes weird but that of course that could be just me....have never heard anyone else complain.  I don't like Epcot but my sister and best friend love it so no park pleases everyone. If you decide to go I hope you have a fun and enjoyable experience.
When in Orlando, SeaWorld makes for such a different day out to all the other theme parks. It is a much more relaxing, and slower paced day, with more shows than rides. The Journey to Atlantis ride is amazing - it is a cross between a water ride and a roller coaster. Do not miss the shows Believe, featuring the whales and Shamu, and Blue Horizons is an amazing whale and dolphin show. If you can get a reservation I would highly recommend Dine with Shamu, a dinner buffet, with a very up close show of the whales. In the summer Shamu Rocks! is a fun evening show.
I'm pretty sure some of these reviewers have never actually been to SeaWorld. The park is not some dirty cesspool nor is it completely shabby. The animals do not look "depressed". I'm not saying none of the negative reviews could be truthful as I'm sure there are bad experiences at any park like this, but I think some of the things said are likely totally fabricated as they were so far from what I saw. Anyway, we just went here a couple of days ago and had a pretty good time. The park is in good shape overall and is clean. Is it Disney World? No, but that's just saying it isn't perfect. We enjoyed several of the shows including the dolphins (Blue Horizons), the pet show (Pets Ahoy), and the sea lion comedy show (Clyde and Seamore). They were all really good and I recommend them if you go there. All of the pets in the Pets Ahoy show were from local animal rescue. They also reminded people (twice actually) that if they are looking for a new pet it's always great to check out their local shelter. The Shamu show was not running as they were performing maintenance on the show tank which was a little bit of a letdown. But they did have it set up so you could go view the whales in the backstage area. On the down side, I do think the prices are a bit steep for pretty much everything they sell, but that is nothing unique to SeaWorld. We also went to Disney and the prices were just as bad. Overall, though, it was a good time and I will go back someday.
seaworld is by far the greatest of all the theme parks. there is so much to see and do and even the continued thunder storms I encountered while there it didn't stop me visiting twice. The shows are great if possible plan carefully beforehand to make sure you can squeeze in as much as possible and if you get chance plot 2 days for seaworld you won't regret it.
I like scuba diving A LOT. I like science A LOT And I like rollercoasters A LOT. No surprise I had one of my happiest days of my road trip in Florida here. The park was not too crowded, the shows were great and I took a ride on the Kraken maybe 5 or 6 times. Compared to Universal and Disney, this park is waaaay more relaxed. Beware of the spash zones during the shows! Shamu, the large killer whale, has quite a reach.
I didnt really enjoy my day at Sea world, the weather that day was really hot and the park doesnt really have any place to shade from the heat, apart from the Wild Artic. The other thing I found a problem with the park was the lack of rides, which I know they are adding to in 2009.
They just recently added a Penguin ride/exhibit where you could reach out and touch a penguin. The crazy part is they have to dehumidify you first because the humidity  is dangerous to the penguins. Food at an amusement park is always over priced but it wasn't bad at the all you can eat pizza and salad buffet. Shamu and the One Ocean show was awesome! Its great to see the trainers interacting with the crowd and the Killer Whales. My favorite ride is Manta. There is nothing like being lifted up and twisted and turned like you are a Manta going through the ocean. I will definitely be going back again.
A superb all round theme park with a combination of annual shows and thrill rides. When going to the clyde and seamore show make sure you get there early to see the comic mime who entertains the crowd before it starts. Its one the funniest things you'll ever see and one of the best parts of the day. Cant wait for the new ride manta to open.
I feel bad for the staff cause everyone we encountered seemed super sweet but the park is so dead and the animals didn't seem so happy. Especially the shamu show and atmosphere of the dolphin show too. We only did  seaworld one day and we won't be back. Please watch the documentary Blackfish before going to Seaworld I wish I had.
Seaworld is fantastic! Definitely a place to go if you want to get wet. It has the perfect combination between shows and rides, which provides a day full of fun. The food is really good, and the park is great for all ages.
Definitely a lot of fun to go to during the Christmas season. This place is decorated so nicely. The shows here are always so nice and family friendly. They have random acts in the street and those people stay in character so well. I have a season pass to the sea world parks and I'm never disappointed even of go at the end of the day. Lots of good times are waiting for you here!
Seaworld was the best experience of our holiday - we went twice! When we went Shamu was having her baby and so we went back and were able to see the baby whale. I got to touch a dolphin - what a really amazing thing. I would go back again when we visit Orlando again. Not to be missed.
I have been to SeaWorld in both San Diego and now Orlando. The Orlando site seems to be considerably less vibrant and less tidy. The employees here were much less friendly ... they border on bitter/annoyed. And, the penguin enclosure was a shocking display of feces and depression. Ugh. Likewise, our party was insulted to see an emphasis on "blue-collar comedy" and "country-music." It seems that the implication is that these "folks" are less-educated and might not notice the unethical treatment of these animals, watch documentaries, or have any sort of critical thinking.  (Which is completely untrue). Like a few of the previous posters, I wish we had realized the true situation here before we visited. But, when walking around the park, one cannot help but to feel the urgency of the situation. It became less of a "fun outing" for our family and more of a lesson. What a huge "downer" for our family. No one wants to spend the day discussing "sad animals." So depressing. Before you visit, read these posts, maybe watch the CNN documentary, and make an educated decision. (I regret that we were not much more careful ... I regret that we gave this establishment our money. Never, ever again. I wish we could take the entire experience back.)
If you are going to Orlando, then make sure you go to Seaworld especially to see the Shamu show becuase it is awesome. Be prepared to get wet if you sit near the front but it is worth it to get close to the action. The arena is huge but it fills very quickly it's best to get their early anyway and get out of the sun/rain ;) (We went in August the weather changed from trpoical storms to unbearable heat in the blink of an eye). Lots of other attractions, including feeding the Dolphins and the sting rays. This was a fantastic day out.
Hands down the best park in Central Florida for the money. Wait times in lines are never that bad. The live shows are amazing, and the animals, fish, birds ect ect, you will see here are unbelievable.
We came here for our honeymoon and completely enjoyed ourselves.  We bought this additional ticket that allows you to eat all day.  You really eat all day at the same restaurant all over the park.  There was also a new water ride that caught our fancy.  Other than that, go to Seaworld, you have to see shamu!
We loved sea world it was probably the best thing we did here in Orlando and plan on coming back as soon as we can....loved caboodales the walrus she fell in love with my little one so he wants to take her home....its hard to point out one thing we just watched as many shows as possible GREAT TIMES!!!
I am a season passholder and have been to sea world many times, plus had the benefit of working there 15 yrs ago for a while.  I must say I love the place because it has something for everybody.  My son and I love rollercoasters and Krakken and Manta are awesome rides. My wife and two daughters love watching the shows and exhibits with sealife - Shark Encounter, Believe, Blue Horizons, Clyde and Seymore....The park is kept very clean and employees are friendly and helpful.   - One tip which most people know, if you plan to go to Sea World, Aquatica and Busch Gardens alot - get a 2-yr platinum pass for everybody. It is $299 at Busch gardens Williamsburg(comes out to $12 a month with EZ pay) and you get to go to all or most of the Busch theme parks all year when they are open.  I guess it is cheaper up there because they are open only part of the yr where the same platinum pass through Sea World Orlando and Busch Gardens Tampa is $429 - saves you $130 per pass, which rocks to me.  You can do everything online and Busch Gardens Williamsburg will mail you the passes.
Sea World is a great place to spend a day.  If you get the ticket to come back the next day, it is an even better deal, but we often have trouble finding enough to do that second day. Here's where the problems start though.... We went to Sea World in 2008.  Stayed all day.  Watched Mystify.  It was incredible. We went to Sea World in 2011.  The shows were all the same, including Mystify.  Not so incredible and I feel it was money wasted. Change your things up a bit, Sea World.  There's no reason to visit, but once every 5 years if nothing is going to change.
This park has changed a lot.  It was 10 years since I visited it.  We added a day long visit after five days at Universal Orlando.  This is a good order.  The pace at Seaworld is a bit more paced.  You can ride some excellent roller coasters and sit and relax and watch the well presented and exciting shows.  We sat through the dolphin/whale show, Sea Otter/Lion show, and then Shamu.  All were light pace, fun.
We had a great time during Bands Brew and BBq. The food was awesome and the shows were fantastic! !!!! Much better service than other theme parks in the area.
Went to Seaworld for employee appreciation night.  Watched the new Shamu show. Havent seen a more awesome show in ages. A must to see.
My first visit to SeaWorld Orlando was 20 years ago, when I was eight. My experience there sparked an interest and for the last 20 years, I have extensive knowledge, research and data on killer whales both wild and in human care. I returned with my husband this past October as part of our 10-day honeymoon.  We both absolutely loved all three parks.  All the animals at SeaWorld looked perfectly healthy, happy and very well cared for.  The One Ocean show was amazing, although I do miss seeing trainers performing waterwork in the shows.  The Blue Horizons dolphin show...not so much.  It was more of an acrobat and bird show with very little dolphin involvement. Journey To Atlantis was lots of fun.  I can't speak to Manta or Kraken because the moment I even considered riding, my knees locked.  Totally chickened out. The dolphin feeding area was awesome.  We did it four times throughout our visits on our trip. We did partake in a Dine With Shamu presentation, which I didn't love.  The presentation itself and closeness to the whales was AWESOME and the food was good, too.  What makes me not want to do this again is that I found it to be overcrowded and while they made several announcements to NOT touch the glass, tons and tons of little kids pressed themselves against the glass, banged on the glass and screamed for the duration of the presentation.  My seat was next to the glass and children were literally climbing on me while their ignorant parents did nothing.  I hate kids, so maybe I have less patience than others, but this ruined my experience. The All Day Dine package is worth it if you're bringing your family, but I found that it was cheaper to just pay for our lunch at the park since it was just two of us.  It saved us about $20 doing it that way. We're already booked and can't wait to visit again this October! Being that I have extensive knowledge in the field backed by two decades of research, I feel I am qualified to make the following statement. The film "Blackfish" is a grand scale act of public manipulation and an exploitation of Dawn Brancheau's tragic death for profit, awards and press coverage.  The film has a blatant disregard for the 23,000 animals SeaWorld has rescued, saved, cared for and released.  The film uses 40-year-old footage filmed at parks uninvolved with SeaWorld, mismatched under narration of grossly unqualified parties.  Ex-trainer Kyle Kittleson tells us, "Blackfish is a movie designed to make you feel.  It is not designed to make you think." The funds donated to animal care, rescue and overall conservation from Blackfish theater tickets, DVDs, launch parties, house rentals, marketing, advertisements, TV spots, T-shirts and other merchandise:  $0. Funds paid by SeaWorld from 2010-2013 in the killer whale areas alone:  $70 Million.
In terms of Florida, seaworld has to be, in my opinion, the best theme park. The shows are incredible, encorporating music, and animals all in one, with all seater stadiums to watch from. It isn't the theme park to go for if you are only interested in rides, however, there are still some very good ones there. Also, the tickets are much cheaper in comparison to disney.
Skip this place and go to Aquatica or Discovery Cove instead.  I expected a lot more then what was offered and was disappointed.  If you just go in on the basic ticket expect long lines and a ho-hum experience.  This place will nickel and dime you to death - for priority seating at shows, parking, smaller lines, experiences with the animals, it seemed like everything was an up charge.   On the plus side there were a few attractions we found interesting.  The Shark experience was unique in that you get to walk thru a tunnel surrounded by an aquarium of sharks.  That was the highlight of our day.  The Shamu show was also pretty cool, especially since my now grown son was a huge fan of the movie Free Willie.  However I couldn't help but feel that although they had the whole "one world" theme and speech about protecting our wildlife, etc that they are still exploiting these poor whales.  If you do go to any of the shows, arrive early and expect an up charge if you want exceptional seating. If you do decide to go buy a ticket to Discovery Cove and you get unlimited 14 day access to SeaWorld and Aquatica and if you buy your ticket thru Greater Orlando discounts you can save yourself some money.  One positive that SeaWorld does offer is free admission to veterans and their families in appreciation for their service.  I don't think this is advertised but they did mention it at their shows and considering that basic ticket prices are $95/pp this is an incredible offer. Also save yourself the expense of parking.  If your hotel doesn't offer free shuttle (most do) there's a trolley that runs every 20 minutes for $1.25/per person.  You can save even more money by buying an all day pass.  Or do what we did and ask your hotel for free tickets, ours (Hampton Inn on International Drive) happily supplied our family of 3 free iTrolley tickets every day.
Went here a couple times, will continue going! Love the shows.
Sea World is fun but too expensive.   Parking. $15 Stroller rental. $19 Popcorn (2), hot dogs (2), colas (3), snacks (2) is $37 Carnival game $5 On the bright side, iris not as crowded as Disney.
Much better than the San Antonio location, it's a vacation in itself. Love coming here with my son when we cone down for our visits!
Yes, im a HUGE animal lover and yes, I saw Blackfish but Im rating this review off my experience, not the movie or what it stated. Im very glad that my ticket came "free" with the purchase of my ticket to Discovery Cove as I would have been severely disappointed if I had spent extra money to go to SeaWorld. We had a few hours between check out and catching our flight home and decided to bum around SeaWorld before leaving. wow! almost everything was extremely dated! I was most upset when I saw the dolphin nursery area as it was very small for the number of animals in there and quite shallow. The actual dolphin area was well kept and deeper but I felt very bad for the ones in the nursery as there where adults and adolescents crammed into one little pool. We missed the Dolphin and Otter/Walrus show so I cannot comment on those. I was mad they didn't display the otters to the public either. The map they have is terrible. We found it very hard to navigate the park even with it being on the smaller side. You have to look for little tiny animals on the map which made it harder for my parents to see where we were or wanted to go. we decided to check out the shamu show and was very disappointed again. The show mainly focuses now on getting the audience wet. I understand that the trainers, as of right now, are not allowed to go into the water with these animals but there was  no educational value to the show at all. No one spoke about the whales and there was no information given about how SeaWorld is helping the killer whales or their conservation efforts. Although, there was brief mention of this ~before~ the show, you would miss it if you came in right before it started. The trainers looked incredibly awkward while they danced around to the music and had dance moves of 6th graders. Don't make them dance! The new water sprinklers that where part of the show added a nice touch and I liked how the stage was designed to look like a fin but other than that...just let the killer whales go...kids can go on a water ride if they want to just get wet. feeding the sea lions was the highlight for me. be careful, the birds might grab a fish out of your hand before you can even toss it! The exhibit these guys where in was large and seemed to fit the animals well. The part with the walrus was really sad. The water was deep but didn't offer much room for the incredibly large animal. He just swam back and forth looking bored. Same goes for the polar bear. The viewing area for this was way too dark and the artificial rocks took up valuable space where people could potentially stand. This section looked updated but it wasn't done very well execution wise as everyone was bumping in to each other and smushed against the glass to try and get a look. we only spent about 3.5 hours here and the park was much smaller than I remember. It was filled up with a lot of shops, restaurants, and now rides. There was not a lot of information on the animals either. I saw a lot of field trips there that day and wondered what type of educational value they where getting out of this (none really). The aquarium area was done well but was too short. The weather was turning severe as we left and they started closing a lot of the areas so many guests where upset. But, I completely understand why they closed parts of the park! Lightening and water don't really mix people! again, I would have been really mad if I had paid to actually go here. I was very against going here as I saw the documentary Blackfish but as with all stories, there are 2 sides. We had the tickets already so I wanted to check it out. I really feel as the killer whales aren't necessary at this point as I stated above. It was amazing to see these animals but what they did during the show just wasn't worth their captivity. Stop breeding them and let the ones they have live their lives there and when they go, shut the shamu aspect down. but, that's where their money comes from so I don't see that happening anytime soon. The place obviously is hurting. Not updating major parts of the park, keeping small tanks for larger animals, and how they advertised their low ticket prices everywhere made this obvious. There where major sections that seemed empty and wasted. We where all very confused at the large empty space near the penguins. We went on a weekday but for Orlando theme parks, this one seemed very empty despite what day it was. I am glad I went to see for myself what the movie had stated. I will not be returning though.
I absolutely loved this park. It was worth the price of admission. Would go again and again if i lived in florida.
I LOVE this place.  Sea World is a great park for kids (or those that are young at heart).  My favorite part of the park is definitely the shows.  They are cute and funny and cheesy all at the same time.  Definitely check out the Clyde and Seamore Sea Lion show - super adorable! For about $7 you can feed the dolphins.  For a few bucks you can also get food throughout the park and feed various animals like the Sea Lions and Sting Rays.  One of the things I like about Sea World is that they have some small opportunities for you to actually interact with the animals! Sea World also has what has probably become my favorite roller coaster.  I LOVE roller coasters - the scarier the better.  Manta is absolutely thrilling.  You are laying face-forward in a "Manta-ray-like" position.  Just that change to the way you normally sit on a roller coaster totally makes it a new experience.  VERY scary and VERY fun. Another favorite part of the park for me is the Wild Arctic exhibit/ride.  I went over the holidays this year and they turn it into "Polar Express."  I'm not a huge fan of the ride itself, I usually bypass it and go straight to the animals.  They have a magnificent Walrus there (who my sis and I affectionately named "Beatrice") who is the sweetest thing.  She will come right up to the glass and blow a raspberry at you if she sees you watching.   Lastly - make sure you go by the penguins.  They are quite possibly the cutest creatures on the planet. OOH OOH one more thing - if you have the chance to spend New Years Eve at Sea World - DO IT!!!!  The entire park is decorated beautifully for the holidays.  There's music throughout the park from live DJ's and even some fake snow.  The best part was the fireworks at midnight - definitely one of the best displays I've ever seen! Seriously - how can you not smile after spending a day surrounded by beautiful animals?  I love Sea World!
Have always avoided sea world on the assumption that it was just another fish tank but when faced with the outrageous Disney prices and crowds decided to give sea world a try and were thrilled to find that for $71 that we had two amazing days that the family just loved. Yes it is a park in Orlando and yes the almighty dollar is still king but this was a truly worthwhile experience and if we didnt have to leave the area would probably have put in a third day in the park. I remain conflicted by these parks in general and think it is cruel to keep these animals captive but having said that they are well taken care of and if they serve to make us all just a little more aware of the bigger picture and if just a few youngsters wake up to the plight of our oceans then it is worth it. The food is average (as good as any other theme park) and if you are spending the entire day the food package is worthwhile.
We started early, maybe around 11 am. Myself, my girlfriend and a friend of mine had received complimentary passes to the park. I'll admit, the recent documentary (which I still haven't seen had stirred us a bit, but I'll always take free tickets. The misery began when we first entered the park. Right off the bat, my question was "where are the lockers", so we could stash our jackets and crap. You actually have to get the key on one side of the park's entrance promenade, and then walk across the promenade to the lockers. While my girlfriend stashed the stuff, I asked "where's the closest ice-cold beer". The kid behind the counter looked at me and replied "I don't know, I'm under 21." This was going to be a great day. Literally SEVEN EMPLOYEES LATER, we had discovered NONE of them knew where the beer was kept. We literally spent the first HOUR AND A HALF seeking cold, draft beer, as we had the last time we visited over five years ago. This was when we learned the AB Hospitality House was dismantled after Inbev came in, and that throughout the entire park NO DRAFT BEER IS SERVED. We finally settled in eight-dollar can-bottles of Coors Light. Make sure to look in the back, because the greasy hands of tourists constantly opening the doors left all the cans up front warm. Praise "Bob" for the cold-activated decals on the cans, because if I had opened an $8 warm beer, I was going to blow a gasket. We picked these beers up in the Antarctica area, a pathetically "themed" area of giant concrete snow drifts and ice. Blizzard Beach this wasn't. But of course, I came for PENGUINS, my favorite animal in the entire world. But the line was over three-motherfucking-hours-long. Plus, a huge part of it was OUTSIDE. From here, we decided to go see the Orca show. The amphitheater filled for the Christmas-themed celebration called "Miracles", which really started to bug me. The entire amphitheater was led in a karaoke-style sing along. The songs were heavily pushing a Christian atmosphere, with carols presiding predominantly on that Southern-American protestant dollar. As an atheist, it was bothersome to be subjected to having to sit through at least 15 minutes worth of "what child is this" and other religiously themed songs. But hey, it's private property and they can sing what they want. If they want to ostricize their non-religious and non-Christian guests with mind-numbing songs, that's their dollar. The show then featured what seemed like an endless light-jazz Saxophone solo of MORE Christmas songs. Finally, the show begins and the whales come out. This is when I became ill. The entire show featured the whales swimming at incredible speeds and it often frightened me that the whales would injure themselves on the tank walls. Refraction be damned, these arenas, as massive as they are, are inhumane torture cells for these animals. We left the show slightly aghast and discussed what to do. I knew I wanted to see my penguins, so we grabbed one more set of canned beer and headed there. By now the wait was 45 minutes, yet it felt like hours. The poorly rendered penguin movie we were shown led us into big rooms with nothing to watch, nothing to see and nothing to do. We finally got to the legenday trackless ride, and were pretty much bored as the puck-shaped vehicles spun around in big empty rooms. A smoke machine blasted us in the face and then we rode SeaWorld's version of The Simpons Ride. FINALLY, we see the Penguins. This was all I wanted. I was expecting a ride through a big habitat, not another stupid movie-ride. But the habitat was amazing. Unfortunately, it's freezing and the employees push to get you into the next room, because you're literally standing next to the unload station. Luckily, we had picked up our jackets by then and hung around with the Penguins despite how annoying it was to the workers. They do splash inches from your face, and the smell of fish is everywhere. This was the best part of the day. All in all, the park is filled with under trained, unenthusiastic staff. The park's decor is shabby and everywhere is dirty. The Orca Show is just as offensive as it's being portrayed. So besides being ostracized from a 1000+ seat audience, enduring long lines with no amusement, literally having to search for beer, the lack of the hospitality house, the dirty ground and floors, the rude and uneducated staff, SeaWorld is STILL a terrible idea for an animal-based vacation. Go for the coasters, go for the penguins. Then just leave. Leave and never return. Yelp! deleted this article, because I linked to the whole rant on my website. Boo.
The dolphin show was amazing! Kids loved the stingrays. Beware of the birds! They are mean.
Just got back from one of my favorite conferences of the year. While I'm not a huge theme park junkie, I was thoroughly impressed with the attentiveness of the staff at Seaworld. For one very reasonable price, attendees were able to network, learn, and get in some tourist time at four of central Florida's hot spots- including two theme parks! The event kicked off with a pre-party at Busch Garden's Howl-O-Scream in Tampa. The staff at Seaworld coordinated several charters for show attendees, a few of which even stopped to pick up refreshments along the way. Upon boarding the coach buses, each attendee received a very nice gift bag and fast pass access to all the haunted houses in the park. While I hate scary rides and haunted houses, I was very appreciative of the fast past (made it quicker to get in AND out of the haunted spots). The official conference kickoff included a full day of sessions at Seaworld's Ports of Call. It's a great location to get some of the benefits of the park including animal visits, but still keep an exclusive vibe for your group. Seaworld provided lots of great food, beverages, and snacks throughout the conference, which was much appreciated as typically shows only provide meals and snacks cost extra. The Seaworld staff was also extremely accommodating. Our group had some crazy requests including giant cakes to be used as a weapon, not food; human sundaes, and head shaving for Locks of Love. The never once even hinted that our group was crazy, messy, or annoying. They even provided extra bandwidth when our internet was running slow. Major bonus for that feat! As if the Seaworld crew hadn't done enough for us already, they were extremely generous to include a one-day ticket to the park for all attendees, and VIP tours for A-List guests and speakers. The only way the team at Seaworld could have possibly done more is if they spoon-fed us our Shamu ice cream pops, which might have gotten a little awkward. If you're not in town for a specific event, I still suggest you check out Seaworld. It's a quieter, unique alternative to Disney, and has some great attractions for kids and adults of all ages. My personal favorites are the Manta roller coaster and the penguin exhibit. Other options I didn't have time to take advantage of but sounded fun were dolphin interactions, shark feedings, and the Shamu Rocks show. While I only saw one show (Believe), it was worth the short wait and I would love to see the other Shamu shows. The stunts the animals perform, and the extreme patience they have, is absolutely amazing. The stadium itself and rotating movie screen monitors were extremely impressive, too.
It was my girlfriend and I first time seeing the orcas. Was an awesome experience, great for all ages. The food at the shark grille was great (a little pricey, but worth it). Would recommend if in your in the area for business or pleasure. A great escape from all the disney chaos.
Since I am a huge roller coaster enthusiast when I saw that the Manta had been completed and of course  I insisted we go to check it out.  It had been many, many, many years (read: 25) since I had actually been to Sea World, I mean there are so many parks and with small children who are freaks for princesses (you know which ones of which I speak) and since I have two daughters we had a tendency to frequent those more. My girls are way past the princess stage - thank God - and now its more of a "MUST I go hang out with you old people in Orlando??"  so the 'old people' go ride roller coasters.   Seaworld is amazing.  There really isn't anything I can say about it that hasn't been said already, its is wonderful and yes a great time for people of all ages. Even the princess freaks, so convince them that a certain girl that is half fish half woman would approve. As for the freaks like me, MANTA IS THE BOMB!  Kraken is not far behind, it rocks too... Now off to get me some more thrills...
Being a wildlife conservatory member in New York, I have to say this was disappointing. We frequent the zoos and aquariums in the NYC area frequently and thought this would be awesome to see SHAMU and the shows. We checked the times for the shows and realized that all the shows have the same times. WHAT???!!! There were two times and three shows. Of course, we chose SHAMU. It was nice to see the Orca Whales jumping and having fun. There were plenty of roller coasters, but we have vertically challenged little children, so these were not an option for us.  I have seen more sea animals in the NYC area, so was sad when my children asked about the other animals. No WOW factor here either. I am still looking around for what everyone is talking about on how great Florida is. The pizza is inedible, the water not drinkable,,,DISNEY please don't disappoint.
It is sea world. I hope most people know what they are getting into, here is my take: 1. Only 3 rides, 2 good coasters(Manta is great) and one log flume 2. Touch some sea life, sting rays mostly. GREAT FOR THE KIDDIES! 3. A very lack luster attempt at a cirque du soleil type nature show. Not bad, kids love the bubbles falling from the sky, but after seeing Busch gardens "cirque" show, it pailed in comparison. 4. The other shows. Good for kids, get in the splash zone for Shamu.  It is a shame the trainers don't jump in the water with them anymore. The show is now just whales splashing you... 5.  YOU TOOK AWAY THE BEER GARDEN!!!! The beer garden was the sole reason for my office to buy season tickets and to have happy hour somewhere unique for a change!  I blame the Germans...not because i'm Polish and hate nazi's, or the fact they killed millions of people,  because I heard sea world was bought out by a German company that is TOO CHEAP to offer a sample of Busch beer. As I write, I want to steal another star from them for this injustice, but I won't because I still had a decent time with the niece and nephew.
The park itself was very beautiful but the shows seems to have gotten worse since I last visited 10 years ago.  We did the VIP tour and it was not worth it.  The ViP tour takes you 3 shows with reserved seating and feeding for sea lions, dolphins, and sting rays.  The reason I did not like the VIP tour is the timing of the tour.  The tour is 6 hours long and you check in at 11 and they take you to 2 shows and 2 feedings and the lunch break is at 2:15.  Way too late and tiring if you have kids.  The tour also gives you all day dining plan and quick pass to the main rides.  But since the lunch break is so late you can't maximize the dining plan.  Likewise with the quick pass, you only get 2 hours before the tour and only 2 hours after the tour and you are already beat after the tour.  I would just do the shows and feeding at your own pace without paying the $99 for the tour.  Because of the rigorous timing, 2 groups left before the tour was finished.  Antartica, the new penguin exhibit was just ok.  It was not worth the 1 and half hour wait.  Overall, the park is something that should be experienced, but if I did it again, I would skip the VIP tour and just sign up for the all day meal plan and the quick pass, which saves you a lot of time for the rides.
My review of Sea World's newest roller coaster, Manta: This past weekend we were able, by pure luck, to ride in both the first and last row. The front row is cool, when you look up you see open sky and track ahead of you but the ride is much more intense in the back. In fact, it's like a whole other ride in the last row. Let me say that RIDING IN THE LAST ROW I FELT MORE G-FORCES THAN ON ANY ROLLER COASTER; and I've ridden plenty of coasters from Cedar Point, King's Dominion and more than a few Six Flags, Sea Worlds and Bush Gardens. Let me explain it this way, when we rode in the front and went through the first (and only?) loop we were yelling, "WooooHooooo!" but when we rode in the last row it was more like, "WooooHoooooAAAAHHHHH-----------". The silence was the G-forces sucking the air out of our lungs. The ENTIRE back of the coaster went from hooting and hollering to silent for those few seconds, it was surreal. It was so intense that you wonder how long it's going to last and how much more you could take; then you're out of the loop and thinking, "Holy Crap". Even though you're not even going that fast, something about being whipped through that loop head over heels on your back is killer and unlike any coaster I've experienced. If you're nervous about roller coaster sit up front, it is still a cool ride gliding over the tourists and lagoons but if you're into thrills climb into the back but don't say you weren't warned.
I'd heavily advise not to attend this place. I went with rather high expectations and was quite disappointed. The food is ridiculously prices, my gf and I spent $63 on food alone. The shows are the only good thing about this place, and after reading up on how poor of conditions the animals have to endure, I've deciding not to ever go here again. Dolphins and orcas are meant for the ocean, not small tanks where all they do is swim in circles. One of the friendliest orcas, Sumar, is only 12 years old and his dorsal fin is near-collapse, something not uncommon amongst captive whales. The majority of whales captured die before they reach a park, and while in captivity their expected lifespan decreases to under half of what it would be in the wild. The chemicals in the pools have a vast negative effect on their health, pneumonia runs rampant through the whales, and they are forced to do tricks for fish as if they were circus animals, instead of actually hunting and swimming 100 miles a day as they would in real life. They experience great boredom and depression, and so many of them die before their 10th birthday. As the the bottle-nose dolphins, they are captured in large groups and the ones not 'pretty' enough to be put on show are instantly killed by the fisherman in front of their group, as others are netted and pulled out of the water, many die of shock or poor conditions before reaching the park.
SeaWorld is one crazy expensive aquarium: at $70 per adult and$60 per child, you would think they would at least buy you lunch. Not sure you get the biggest bang for your buck here, but hey, you're on vacation, right? There are fish everywhere. There are rides, and animal talent shows featuring seals, otters, and dolphins. I might have met Shamu here. Oh, the shark tunnel/walkway is freaky, especially at night - I don't care if the glass walls in the tunnel are four feet thick, those are SHARKS on the other side! If you're into marine animals (uh, but not in that way), you'll love SeaWorld.
My family chose to visit seaworld while on vacation to Orlando because of their tradition with supporting the military.  However they would not honor the deal for my wife because her dependent ID had expired.  Despite my military ID still being valid, they only graciously offered us a discounted ticket at 10% off instead,  even though you can buy a ticket online for $30 cheaper than this price, which we chose to do since we had a smart phone available to use.  Even after speaking to the manager I felt the staff at the ticket counter was rude and not helpful in the least.   They made me feel as if we were trying to scam them instead of taking advantage of an offer.  One they clearly promote to try and market themselves as a supporter of the troops.  With this slight still fresh in my mind, I don't see myself returning to this park within the next few years as there are plenty of exciting options for kids of all ages in Orlando.     This review is only about the ticket counter only and not the interior of the park.
For me, the highlight is the animals themselves.  I heart the dolphins!  So cute, adorable and friendly with their sharp little teeth!   Various aquariums that showcase super colorful and vibrant fish and other sea life are just so cool to see. I swear to God I have never seen flamingos tuck one of their legs inside of their feathers while burying their heads at the same time.  Took a minute for me to absorb that one. . .I don't get it, but I'm sure they do. Just seeing the variety of the animals and the other creatures that I'm not sure exactly what category they fall into--I mean, they just look like floating tissue to me. . . I don't get it.  Are they coral?  Are they plants, or animals, or what?  What do they do, exactly?  All I know is that in my next life, I don't want to come back as some starfish or some other crazy life form that's not identifiable. I do not like eels.  They scare me.  This was discovered and confirmed during this visit. Now, the manta ride.  While waiting in line, those ahead of me turned around, bowed out and exited. . . First one person (ok), then two (um, right), and then several GROUPS of people (umm, something is definitely up)  started leaving the line. I have never waited in any type of line where so many people were changing their minds about it. . .to me that's a CLUE. Get yo ass out of there. . .and so we left. I have no idea what happened or what didn't.  I didn't ask or neither did I care. Now, the Atlantis ride was fun.  We had to secure belongings in .50 locker and we were soaked by the end.  So much fun.  I would do that again. Did not have time to see any of the shows, which, I'm not really crazy about wildlife being forced to do things they were not created to do.  It's simply unnatural. Landscaping and plant upkeep was really impressive to me.  I feel more could be done with the garden area.  It's cute and small, but most people just glanced that way and kept walking.   Of course I would return if I had free pass again. I certainly would not pay full admission to return--too many other options that I feel I would enjoy more. I will say, I was impressed I was able to save parking receipt and not re-pay for parking the same day at Aquatica.  That's a plus!
I've never been too fond of Sea World.  Trust me, it's not because I don't put value on the educational aspect, it's just that they have the resources to do so much better.  Every exhibit is pretty much a lackadaisical effort.  Everything is packed, but with no pay off.  The Shamu Rocks show is a sad exploitation of an innocent animal.  The arctic refuge is one of the interesting exhibits because it has puffins, which is a rare thing to see.  It's also cool to go to the stingray bay and pet the sting rays.  Kraken is one of the greatest coasters you will ever go on, but expect a wait exceeding an hour at least.  Journey to Atlantis is another interesting ride.  It's a flume ride dressed up to look like the lost city of Atlantis.  It has a nice splash mountainesque drop at the end.  I just never really have a good time at the park when I'm invited to go.  They have the resources to do alot better and to replace useless attractions like the Wild Arctic Ride with something astounding.  Overall, the park isn't worth the price unless you've never been there.  It's good to make the rounds once and then move on and not come back for at least a decade.
Anheuser-Busch gives free admission to military members & their dependents to any of their parks, once yearly.  This is an outstanding freebie and something that I had to take advantage of.  What I love about Sea World is it's appeal to every age group.   My 18-month old loved seeing the dolphins, though I had a hard time sneaking her onto roller coasters.  The Shamu show is performed twice daily and contains more cheese than a New York pizza.   Saw a Walrus smack an unsuspecting audience member in the back, and a vendor trip over the bleachers twice.  Very enjoyable. If you want to save $$, ask for a cup of ice water from any of the soda vendors, it's free.  I learned this at the end of the day after spending about $25 on Dasani.  The water fountains taste more like dog feces than water.
The park is beautiful.  You can rush through the park and see all the shows, go on all the rides, etc... in 1 day but we spent 2 days to take our time.  You can literally spend hours at the kiddie area; they have rides for small children, things to climb, things to get wet so take a towel and an extra change of clothes, etc...  They have attractions that you walk through, a couple of roller coasters which my teenage son and I like, places to eat throughout the park, etc...  This place is clean, well maintained, and offers lots of things to do for the whole family.  We had a great time and look forward to going back.
I've been here a couple of times without paying because free admission to this place is included with admission to Discovery Cove, its sister park down the street. (Read my Yelp of it if you haven't already) Even if we had to pay for it, we'd still go. We are animal lovers so it never gets old. If you aren't an animal lover, I think it'd be pretty darn boring, but then I really don't do the rides, so maybe those would be a good enough draw if you're into them. The best tip I can give is don't plan to see Shamu's show prior to the arctic exhibit! When they warn you about that, they mean it. The advice is definitely applicable if you plan to get wet from Shamu (sitting in the designated wet seats, which I think is totally fun.) You don't want to get soaked -- I do mean soaked! -- from head to toe and then go directly into the super-cold environment they have for the polar bears, beluga whales, and walruses. If you have little ones who listen to "Baby Beluga" in preschool, this exhibit will be especially relevant to them! I love everything about Sea World. We couldn't make it during our last trip to Florida, and it really felt like something was missing. I missed looking through the observation area at Shamu swimming all around, the cutie with a constant smile. Do yourself a favor and check this place out if you love sea animals, and be prepared to do a lot of walking!
Guys I really can't give anymore ratings to this theme park, I'm just disgusted on how they treating these animals at the park. I love animals and last time I went I was really apalled on what I saw in the Dolphin and Killer whale show. First putting ropes on the mouth of dolphins and have a trainer ride them 2 like if he's mounting a jet ski is completely wrong! and I was broken hearted when I saw that, it really made me want to get up and leave the show. After we saw the shamu show, People Killer whales are not meant to be on a water tank no matter if they are not wild and were raised in captivity it doesn't matter, its not natural to have a killer whale in a pool doing tricks for the people's enjoyement. There's a reason why no trainer can't even get close anymore to shamu, because its not RIGHT! The show has gone down hill and all I can say to Sea World is your days are counted till the park will closes down forever. Besides all that -- the reason I still give it 3 stars is because their roller coaster rides are amazing! Both Kraken and Manta are great roller coaster rides and completely recommend them. The Shows not so much.
Good place to take the kids.  Especially during the holidays.
I've been an annual passholder for years, and go as frequent as possible. My most recent trip last week was great. Apparently the new shows are beginning soon and I think they will be getting in the water with the whales again! The dolphin show seemed extremely long, there was a lot of interaction with the animals and a break in between for a stunt show with parrots and staff high diving.. My favorite part of sea world is feeding the seals.. there's one in particular who will toss the fish in the air and play with it in order to have you throw more fish to him instead of the other guys... oh, watch out for the seagulls.. they WILL go after the fish in your hands... The only downside of seaworld, or, area that needs work.. is checking out at any concession stand. My god, its torcher. What a mission to get a beer. It's like there counting in pennies as slowly as possible or something.. Maybe they need more staff?? I had even purchased two beers, each for 6.. and he was using a calculator to add it together, and kept "messing up" adding six plus six and had to re-enter it about 4 times before I yelled, 12! IT'S 12 DOLLARS.  I also made it over to aquatica. This is a very adult friendly water park for kids... beer, frozen drinks, water slides... beach lounge chairs.. my husband and I are going back soon, with no kids, and act like children ourselves. Can't wait. Annual pass is totally worth it for anyone in Florida who will go at least twice.. I had a great time and now with summer rolling around.. woo hoo!!
PROS: great shows. they have so many shows! really laid-back atmosphere! Oh and you can feed the Stingrays and Dolphins.. you just pay for the food. It's like $5-10 depending on how many little fish you buy. CONS: needs more jellyfish. i dont know why.. but i am fascinated by jelly fish.. and no aquariums seem to carry them (see National Aquarium review in Baltimore, MD). mediocre, pricey food.. but great shows. definitely do this park last during your Orlando vacation. great way to end a vacation.. relaxing aquarium theme park. only have 2 or 3 rides.. but fun.
this place is a joke. excluding the dolphin show, all the exhibits and shows here are inferior to the one at sea world san diego. don't waste your time here if you have already been to the san diego location. Sea World is meant to be next to or near the ocean, this place is in the middle of a swamp with stinky nasty tap water.
This was a great park.  The shows were a little over crowded but good.  The rides were good especially the Manta.  The no food policy is bull, just another way to mickle and dime you.
This is summer of theme parks for the family and we just went down to this park last Saturday, July 31, 2010.  We have seen the good and the bad, this park now ranks as the worst "big" theme park in Florida.  All of the big parks offer a tram from the parking lanes to the front door.  If you are elderly or have trouble walking, this park is not for you during the summer. The park has not been upgraded or seen any major changes since I was in High School in Orlando in 1987.  If anything, its gotten worst.  If you have been to the park once in the past 20 years, there is no reason to return.  The buildings that all of the attractions are located inside, all smell like mildew and bleach.  The one that was the worst was the Southwest Airlines Penguin exhibit.  I would gladly pay for my luggage to fly if that is what it would take to have that buildings vent system cleaned professional.  In the kids area of the park, the rides for some reason, do not allow ladies to keep their bags with them during the rides.  Not quite sure as to why, but quite silly that a women can not wear a backpack purse on a spinning teacup ride for kids.  The long lines for the roller coaster rides during the summer are brutally long in the heat as there is very few fans like the Disney Parks. Another reason to avoid the park during the heat of the summer.  The highlight of the park would have to be the shows only.  Please reconsider this park if going during the summer....
Love this place. Tons to do and just fun to walk around. Every year they usually offer a fun pass which doesn't include parking but is a pretty good deal. The behind the scenes tours are fun but pricey. Overall a nice place to spend the day or a few hours.
I have been to Disney, Epcot and Seaworld over the last three days. Seaworld was certainly my favorite! Good rides, decent food and shorter, faster moving lines.
We've had annual passes to Sea World since 2001, and have every intention of keeping our passes active. We visit far less frequently these days, but there was a time where we went probably once a month.  The park is constantly being updated in some way, somewhere, so reviewing it can be a bit tough. Over the years, there has been a shift in focus from education and interaction to squeezing just a little more money out of you. Many trainers and educators are very well versed in the animals they're speaking about. Others (particularly the educators) seem to really only know what they've been scripted to say. Some of the shows have begun to reflect this change as well. "Believe" has less information about the animals each time we see it. The old Key West show was one of the most informative shows they had. Unfortunately, it has been replaced with "Blue Horizons" which is more of an acrobatic stunt show that had us wanting to claw our own eyes out. No more explanations about the animals, just "hey, let's watch him jump through a hoop and then let's watch this guy walk a tightrope". Over the years, the dolphin interaction area has changed immensely. Long gone are the days you could just walk up at any point and have a chance of touching or at least getting close to one. Now, you are required to buy food (I believe at $7/plate) to even go up to the pool - but only during designated hours - or you can get one of the private tours. Years ago, there was a great walk-through aquarium housing all types of fish. That was closed down a while back and never totally replaced. Manta now has a walk-through side to the ride line where you can see some sea life, but it's mostly rays of various types. A few of those fish from the old aquarium have recently made it into the shark building (particularly the leafy and weedy sea dragons), but there are still a lot of fish that have are still off display. A'lure - The Call of the Ocean is worthless. It's a pale imitation of a Cirque du Soleil show. If you want to see a Cirque show, spend the money and head down to Downtown Disney. I can't even suggest this as a free alternative. That's how bad it really is. I give Seaworld 4 stars though - so I'm obviously not ALL gripes. There are lots of gems here too. The stingray pool, the penguins and the sea lions are our favorites. We could spend all day just going back and forth between the rays and the sea lions. As far as rides go, there's not a lot - but what they have is pretty awesome. I'm not a fan of water-drop rides, but my wife and our friends all love Journey to Atlantis. Even if you don't ride it, be sure to pop into the shop to view the jellyfish inside. The Kraken is always great, and the newest ride, Manta may just be our favorite ride in Orlando. My wife gets ill from motion simulators like the Wild Arctic ride at the entrance to the, and the motion-less version is just boring without it, so we usually just use the poorly advertised "passholder entrance" inside the shop. No one checks for your passes, so feel free to take that route if you want to skip the line/ride. There are a number of (though, fewer than before) small animal exhibits that most people just walk right by. They're not featured or labeled very well, but we like to stop by and watch them. The baby gators and turtles next to the manatees, the kookaburras next to the penguins, the scarlet ibises next to the sharks... The food at Sea World is pretty hit-or-miss - mostly miss. The pizza at Seaport Pizza is pretty good, but I've heard that it was recently changed/moved. The seafood at Sharks Underwater grill was alright, but nothing special. The food at the Seafire Inn and the Italian place were very mediocre as well. Make sure to treat yourself to a snack from the dessert shop near the entrance. The last few times we've gone, they haven't had any Shamu cookies (butter cookies with chocolate frosting in the shape of Shamu), and it seems like they may have discontinued them. Of course, we miss the free beer samples. They were a nice little treat after walking around most of the park, but we'll live. If you live in the area, just go ahead and get the Silver Passport. It provides free parking ($12 savings right there), 10% off food and gifts and discounts off of animal food. (note that I previously mentioned a free trip up the sky tower. the new owners have done away with this perk and now only discount it)
Get ready to have a fun time and see some wonderful aquatic animals. Also be prepared to get splashed or even soaked, but you'll still enjoy it and in Florida it won't be long before the sun warms you and you won't be wet for long!
I just recently visited for the first time in quite a while (excluding a couple of quick visits to ride a specific ride). I forgot just how much I love this place! I got up a bit late, so we ended up going in for a relatively short day. I was OK with that, because I'm not that big of a fan of rides - they can make me a bit sick. But that's what I like about Sea World - I didn't ride any coasters, but still had a great time. Upon walking in, I was met with two of my favorite things - the Rays and Dolphins. I love that you can just hang out and pet the rays, so much fun. Then the dolphins too - but it's hard to get them to pay any attention to you unless you have food. Beyond that, a large portion of our day was spent at shows. The Seymour and Clyde show was a blast (the little otter is my favorite). I also really liked the house pet show (although I forget the actual name). I love the cats, but I'm a big cat fan so... Anyway, it was really funny and overall great fun. I finished off my evening at Shamu Stadium at the edge of the soak zone. Really, it's a wonderful show that anyone who comes to Orlando should see. I was lucky to just miss getting splashed. If you come and have a mobile phone, you should also set up your Twitter follow @Shamu. He's a blast, and will even interact with you if you tweet from inside the park pretty often. I also went through the penguin encounter, shark encounter and a couple of others as well, but the shows and things that I mentioned prior are what really stood out for me. I remember as a kid really loving these though (it's the initial awe of seeing the tunnel and live sharks that drew me in back then). I did ride the Polar Express. It was pretty neat, but as I mentioned, I get a little sick on those things. Skip it if you're like me. Was pretty neat though. Kind of like the Simpsons ride at Universal, but not as wild. I also rode Manta right upon it's opening as part of a special event. It was a WILD RIDE to say the least! It didn't make me sick, but was just plain SCAAARY! I only rode it once, but my girlfriend is a roller coaster aficionado and rode it a few times. I was there with a lot of other people who rode it again and again and really enjoyed themselves too. It's probably the wildest roller coaster that I've ever ridden myself. The feeling of flying is really amazing, but that first corkscrew will really get you! Overall, this was a wonderful experience. I'm glad to be able to go to a park and be able to fill my day without rides. I also liked that the park was not exceedingly large, so I didn't have to walk for miles to find anything. I'd love to visit other SeaWorld parks across the country if I ever were to get the opportunity.
Out of all my Orlando experiences this place was a bit disappointing on Saturday before New Year's- way too crowded and poorly managed - clearly, they can't handle the crowds. The eating places are all outdoors and when it's cold it's horrible. The food is expensive and the customer service horrible and the employees are definitely not as friendly as Disney.  For young families I recommend not coming here and doing other attractions in this area instead. That being said, if you are coming here for a day, please try to plan on a day that will not be crowded and will be warmer.  They do not allow you to bring food in so be mindful of that.  Do not do the meal plans!  And make sure you leave plenty of time to stand in lines for food and rides, and attractions.  get to each show 25 minutes+ before it starts on a crowded day.  Anyway, like I said, I am glad we did it but I would not recommend it on busy days or colder days :_( burr!
free tilikum! you're all liars
Having received free passes from a friend, we visited SeaWorld on a weekday with a threat of possible thunderstorms.  When we first arrived, the weather held up for several hours.  The park wasn't terribly crowded and there was only a five minute wait for the Manta Ray coaster, a quick ride which left me a little dizzy afterwards.  We caught the dolphin show, which was more entertaining than the whale show.  Ever since the death of the trainers, the show has become a bit more tame.  At least you can get a beer if you like.  We also visited the sting ray petting area, which was a cool experience to feel and see the creatures up close.  The trip to the Arctic ride started with a simulator helicopter ride that basically just shakes you to death.  You do get a brief respite from the summer heat when walking through the rest of the exhibit.  When the storm finally arrived, we were pretty much done with the park.  The rain passed, and we decided to do one last exhibit since it was new - The Turtle Trek.  This had the longest wait of about half an hour with the big draws being the manatees and the 360 degree theater with a 3D show.  Overall, if we had paid the admission of $82, I would have been really disappointed with the value.  It's basically like going to the zoo, but much more expensive.  The attractions feel a bit dated, and  you can tell the place has been around for awhile.  You can bring in snacks and drinks, which will save you some cash, but it just doesn't have any big draws for me to return.
I guess I just expected alot more. The animal exhibits were pretty cool. I expected to see Shamu for more than 2 minutes. I couldn't even take pictures but that was my fault for sitting in the wet zone. I got soaked and therefore couldn't have the camera out. I thought I would have a second shot during the Shamu Rocks show later that night but Shamu didn't even appear! Still, the whale and dolphin shows were all great. Unfortunately I didn't check out the theme park side of Sea World. I'm upset I spent my limited time in Florida at a zoo/aquarium I could have seen back home  :(
the best expirience ever!!!!no words can explain.And the dolphin show....I cryed.Its so worth it.YOu hAVE to see that Place!!!
What a complete and total waste of money. I like fish (especially in my belly), but $90/person for this? I think not. We went on Monday around noon and the line for Manta was short, which was good. We only waited about 20 minutes even though the sign said it would be 10 minutes. The shows are fun and all, but you have to arrive at a show like 20-30 minutes before it starts to get a decent seat and then the show only lasts 20 minutes.  Kind of a waste, really.  I enjoy watching dolphins do tricks as much as the next guy, but - again - I don't feel like I got to see $90 worth of tricks.  $45 maybe.
As of 1-16-13... Atlantis is closed. Not really worth the $90 + $15 parking. The best part was the Shamu show and the Dolphin show. People with their kids are complete animals, pretty disgusted about that, as it makes the day less enjoyable. Otherwise, it was a nice day seeing the animals!
Decent-sized park, with lots of animals and things to do. The souvenirs weren't extremely expensive and there are 4 roller coaster rides. The discount souvenir shops is next to the tower. It's called the Gulf Coast gift shop, next to the shark encounter. Everything that's discontinued in the park is there. You can't bring in outside food, however, food for special diets and snacks and bottled water are allowed. If you really want to bring in something, best thing to say is that you keep kosher or vegan and keep a strict diet for religious reasons. When you walk in, before noon, there's a SW employee dressed up as Shamu. You can have them take a picture with your camera, thereby, not having to pay $20 for picture and frame. If you don't like going on rides (like me) the easiest ride for scaredy-cats is the Journey to Atlantis. Just 1-2 steep drops from a tall height and splash into water. (Tip: Sit in row 3. The least amount of splash back.)
The plusses - In addition to all the sea creatures and being able to feed fish to dolphins the shows are great:  "Blue Horizon" with birds, dolphins and acrobats dressed in colorful costumes like birds, "Azzure - Call of the Sea" with acrobats in colorful costumes like eels and other sea creatures are worthy of being Broadway productions! The show with dogs, cats and other non-sea animals is also cute!  My son loves the Orca, dolphin and sea lion/walrus/otter shows. The only minus is the food is tasteless - the tropical chicken stir-fry was a salty mess and the chicken tenders were bland plus the chocolate cake looks a whole lot better than it tastes - doesn't taste like chocolate at all.
Shamu! Apparently theres 3 Shamus and a baby as well. INTERESTING. They've got a polar bear and I love him and I want to take him home. The animals are treated well here which is more than you can say for a lot of aquariums.   The lines are long to get into the arctic region so be prepared for that...same with the shark tank. You can touch the sting rays which grossed me out at first then i learned to love it. Again...its way too expensive. $65 is a bit insane.
SeaWorld Orlando fits into a tourist's expectation of what their Orlando vacation experience should be. The park is one of the big three theme park intuitions that draw millions of visitors to the Orlando area and make Orlando the 5th most visited tourist destination in the United States. SeaWorld is a good location for those looking for a more educational way to spend their vacation. Over the last decade the park has made a push to try to be more inclusive of those looking for rides in an attempt to make themselves competitive with Universal. It is not reflective of the "real" Florida, but if you are looking for an easy ready-made vacation it is worth a stop.
I forgot to mention that they have a cool texting wait system, you text Manta to a special number and they respond to you the wait time for every ride in the park. It will help you plan your day.
Seaworld is an amazing Park to visit, not just because of shamu but because of all the other sea animal shows and rides available.
Good time and alot different when I was there 5 years ago. Luckily, Mister's cousin was along so he had someone to go on the rollercoasters with him.Unfortunately,the water ride was malfunctioning(one I was man enough to do) so we headed for the Kracken.The kids loved it!Cousin was up for the Manta but MIster was going to have none of it. They offer great exhibits for the kids to see and learn about aquatic creatures.The kid's play area has expanded and was being inmproved when we were there.The shows are a great mix of incredible stunts,humor, and learning. I even enjoyed the mime who ridiculed late arrivals before the sea lion show.And I loathe mimes as all francophobes do,pardonnez moi, frere Pierre. The Shamu show was the biggest letdown since the divers never got in the water with the Orcas.Only served to remind us of the tragedy,but was still impressive.
LOVED Seaworld. We loved it so much we went 3 different times. The animal habitats are very nicely put together. The manatee enclosure was especially relaxing. All the exhibits had crystal clear glass with water you could see a mile within too. We went to the Killer Whale underwater enclosure and were mesmorized to be so close to an actual killer whale. One of them is pregnant and will give birth this summer. The seal exhibit is deceptively large and very cool. The Artic Exhibit was my favorite. We were lucky that we were there between 1:30-2:00 so we could see trainers feeding the Beluga Whales, and also the Walruses. The Polar Bear was alseep, and we were told that like a cat, he takes it easy most of the time. The Artic exhibit is also a nice respite for when it begins to get hot. Escape from Atlantis proved to be a very fun ride as after you take what you think is the final plunge, there is an additional twist and turn. Not very publicized, but the dolphin nursery should be a must stop for anyone who goes there. We had a chance to feed the dolphins and this was awesome. They have photographers walking around and we bought the picture they had of us feeding them. Of all the shows, our favorite was the Dolphin show (sorry Shamu) because it incorporated acrobatics and colorful costumes. You are given the opportunity to feed (in addition to the dolphins) manta rays, seals, and some sharks. Seaworld has a deal where if you purchase one of their souvenir cups, you can get additionals refills for .99 (plus tax). This is a good deal I wish I had done as it can get pretty hot out there.  They had some very conveniently priced high quality tote bags with a good conservation message we brought back for family and friends. We will definitely go again because this is a nicely designed park with lots to see and enjoy.
My boyfriend and I were here in January of '09, back when the trainers were able to get in with the whales. We had a decent time. The food was GROSS and really overpriced. The exhibits were interesting and we did get to see Tili and Dawn work together, which was totally worth the money. Sadly the trainers aren't allowed in the water anymore and we all know what happened to the trainer. It's a cool learning experience for kids. I did the dolphin feeding and talked to some of the trainers (I'm a dog trainer) and it was interesting but they weren't all that friendly. The dolphins were a big agitated but who wouldn't be, crammed in a tank being fed by suntan lotion ridden up kids and parents. The little girl next to me actually smacked a dolphin across it's face and the trainers on duty were giggling. Terrible :-( I know it's educational for kids and fun for adults but sad for the animals. I had a good time with my boyfriend (our first vacation!) but he was sort of bummed out with the animals in tight quarters too. Just remember what your dollars are going too and where these animals come from. Tili has quite the history if you take the time to look it up.
Went to the park yesterday. Had a blast. Park stayed open until 10:00 p.m. Which was awesome. My advice to you. Look at the show schedule and go see all of the shows you can. They are strategically timed so that you can see all of them. That is, if you are willing and able to walk everywhere in a short time. And read a map. After the shows go ride the rides. After about 7pm it rained just a little and then the wait lines on all of the fast rides went to 20 minutes or less. We went to all shows except the 8 and 9 pm shows, which I was told were the best. During those two shows we rode the manta, journey to atlantis, the penguin empire,and kraken 4 times each in less than 2 hours. The only issue with that is the penguins are sleeping then. Great for my son.  Horrible for me. A few prices for your heads up.  Some may be a few cents off but......  Gate price per adult 92.00; child 77.00(3-9yrs). Meals at about 12.00 per person; child plates 5.99. The pizza pasta and salad buffet is 14.99 per person. The smokehouse sampler is 15.00 but plenty of food for two adults lunch. Souvenir cups at 6.99 with .99 soda refills. Make sure you show up at least 25 minutes for all shows. 45 minutes if you want the good seats. Otherwise you are risking it being full. Souvenirs are well priced...coffee cup for 8.95. Not bad. The aquarium is a must see. Feed the stingrays. It's fun.  Carry hand sanitizer and a poncho. Don't carry food, straws, or glass bottles. They won't let you take them in.
The last time I visited SeaWorld was many years ago when they were owned by the beer people.  I remember walking around and thinking that there was not much for me to do here.  Since I am not a roller Coaster fan, most of the attractions are for the people who love to be thrown around and turned upside down.  No thank you... but for those of you who like to see sharks, rays, fish, etc... there are many other attractions that will allow you to do so without being turned upside down. I have to say that I did not pay to get into the park this day.  We adopted a dog a few months ago and one of the perks they gave us was a free day in the park for two people.  I am not sure I would have gone to Seaworld if it were not free for us.  Anyway, since the park is now owned by a different company than the last time I came, I was hoping for a better experience.... but no... The workers are all standing around board to tears, leaning on registers, not smiling, or talking with other workers about last nights date.  You can have the best rides in the world but if the workers are not interested in being there, then it spoils it for me.   I kind of felt sorry for them all. The daily wear on the park itself showed and you can see that they don't do regular painting or cleaning of the older areas.   The newer sections of the park like the waterfront area seemed okay but many of the older areas of the park showed wear.   Again, since I am not a roller coaster fan, I did a lot of sitting around waiting for my friends to ride the coasters.  They did like Manta and said it was a nice smooth ride.  Kracken and Atlantis was fun but as I waited for them to do the rides, I could see that they needed a paint job on many of the outside areas.   I did enjoy seeing the penguin exhibit  as well as the polar bear one. The highlight of the day was the Killer Whale show.  We sat up high so as not to get splashed by the whales.  (PS... don't request to sit in the splash zone and then complain to the staff that you and your iPhone got all wet!) They are beautiful creatures and are fun to watch them do their tricks but part of me hates that they are in captivity doing shows for the likes of us.   They have changed the way the shows are done now since last year when one of the trainers died.  Nobody gets in the tank anymore at any time.  The whales do their tricks but they get all their signals from the trainers all around the tank.  The music and video that goes along with the show was great and was definitely the highlight of the day at SeaWorld for me. We did eat at one of the newer places in the park and I found the food to be okay.  Overpriced for what we got.   All in all for a free day at the park, I spent about $50 on parking and food.  I had a nice time and it is a fun day for a family with kids but I don't see myself going again for a while. Enjoy!
FANTASTIC!!! I love Seaworld - loads to see and the Shamu show is amazing. It's got a really happy feeling about the place.wish I was there now x
Growing up in Texas, I went to Sea World San Antonio several times, but had never been as an adult. As part of an awesome conference I went to in October (IZEAFEST!!!), I received a free one-day ticket to Sea World. I am SO happy I was able to go and enjoy a day there! I was a bit surprised at how small the park was, but it is all so clean and beautiful and fun! The food I had was yummy! Riding Manta was SOOOO much fun, even though we were a bit scared beforehand! And I was really surprised at how comfortable the seats were on this ride! Considering you are hanging upside down practically, they did a GREAT job at making it comfy and secure-feeling! The Seymore and Clyde show was hilarious! And of course the Shamu show was so inspiring and spectacular! It really does bring a tear to the eye! I also love walking around to the different animal habitats to look and interact with the animals. They always remind me of my dogs with the expressions in their eyes! Love them!! Sea World is such a great place, for young and old alike!
This seems like the less-visited of the theme parks, but it is wonderful at every turn.  Woohoo!  As good as it gets!!
Really love Sea World...just got a yearly passport for Sea W and Busch Gardens for $15 a month using EZ pay which includes free parking along with discounts on food and merchandise. Living only 10 minutes away I've been to all the parks and Sea World is always a great one....I remember as you walk around the pier where the sky ride was it was very different but now it looks like a beautiful village filled with new stores and places to eat. Manta is by far amazing :) but Kraken is still good being the parks first coaster. Journey to Atlantis is also a fav...you really don't get too wet depening on where you sit and the weight in the boat. I've seen the Journey To Atl in California and it's nothing like the one here as to where you go in the building and such! Sea Worlds food as well is great...the all day dining for $30 I'd chose to do being as one meal can cost a couple about $25. Throughout the day you tend to eat quite a bit especially in the hot summer months.
We just went to Seaworld last Friday.  My three years old daughter (and the whole family, for that matter) went trick or treating there.  It was really a fun time, safe, and the characters all had beautiful makeup.  Also, the t-shirts for Halloween were only $8 for kids.  That's cheap!  The Believe show with the killer whales is awesome and even emotional.  I cannot believe what they can do!  And, I think Kraken is THE BEST rollercoaster EVER!!  It's a long ride with three hills and lost of loops, twists, and turns :)  The kids ride area is nice, too.  It was raining, so some of the rides weren't open.  But, it was still nice.  I think the food in the Anheuser-Busch pavilion was fine.  I had a roast beef sandwich.  It was good.  Of course, I love dolphins, polar bears, and all that, but I really loved touching the sting rays.  And, I really like how knowledgeable and friendly the staff are and how much info they are willing to share.
Way cheaper than disney with cute sea animals. Minus the lines!!!! The park itself is beautiful. I wouldn't mind coming back here many times. I was also surprised that the staff is very well educated. You can ask them anything and they'll probably give you a good answer. Also, the Kraken was an awesome coaster. And Journey to Atlantis scared the bejesus out of me
With all the competition of theme parks in the Orlando Area, most of which comes from the four Walt Disney Parks and the two Universal Studios parks, Sea World emerges as the one true interactive theme park relying more on mother nature than on technology to capture your imagination. Instead of Animitronics, laser lights, and other special effects, Sea World uses real live, living, breather creatures to entertain and amaze you. Where else can you see killer whales and dolphins swimming with people and do tricks on cammand. Sea World has now integrated there own special effects into their Shamu shows including guitar solos, dancing handlers, and a digital movie-sized screen. There are also a few rides for those who seek thrills. Journey to Atlantis is part roller coaster, part show, and part water ride that starts out with the telling of the Lost City of Atlantis and ends with a drop, log-flume style, for which you are sure to get soaked. There is also one of the newest editions to the park- the roller coaster Kraken. This coaster is fast, full of twists, turns and loops and is one of the longest roller coasters I have ever ridden. You can also expect to see other wild life besides marine wild life, such as the Anheuser Busch Clydesdale horses, a miniature donkey  (just like the one from Shrek), assorted birds, such as the scarlet ibis and the laughing kookaburra, and various other exotic animals. During the summer hours Sea Worlds stays open late on the weekends, a promotion known as Sea World after dark. It's a chance to get away from the extreme temperatures of the day and enjoy the twilight temperatures of the evening. Sea World is the park where you can sit back and relax more than the other parks mainly because it has more shows that gives you the opportunity to sit instead of standing in long lines. Other areas of interest are the dolphin pool, the seal area - where you get the chance to feed them, and the shark pool outside the attraction, Shark Encounters. Sea World is also a very clean park and has many beautifully landscaped areas and a lake with the option of renting paddle boats. Sea World offers Florida residents the Fun Card. You pay regular admission for one day and you can come back the rest of the year, free of charge (all you have to pay is parking). That's a great deal. If you are a fan of the deep-blue sea and the mysteries of marine life, Sea World is the place to be and I highly recommend it.
Okay, so it may seem like sea animal exploitation to some or a glorified zoo...but it is so much more.  This park is about sparking a childlike interest of animal and resource conservation in kids and adults alike.   Granted the ticket prices are outrageous...but...you have to think about how much it takes to manage those sea animals.  It ain't easy for them to look that cute! I like this park b/c it isn't all about the rides (there are only 2 actual rides within the park: Kraken and Journey to Atlantis), but allows the guest to actually choose to be a passive or ACTIVE participant in the variety of shows that they have within the park.   Where else can you feed & pet dolphins?  Plus the quality of the marine animal shows are TOP NOTCH.  In fact, I think that there just may be more amazing performances at SeaWorld than what you would see at "the house of mouse" just down the street.  Shh...don't tell anyone I said that. The things that the trainers do in "BELIEVE" with the Orcas are AMAZING.  They are ultra-humans and must be part sea mammals, as well. I urge you to see it, at least once.  Or, if you're anything like me... see it multiple times.
I love all animals so SeaWorld was a dream come true to me! My husband and I paid $17 to be able to feed dolphins, sealions, sharks and stingrays. The dolphins were a dream come true to me - we were able to feed them and pet them - very cool! The stingrays were surprisingly cool! I'll admit I was scared at first but no they cannot sting you. They are very playful and after my husband ran out of food - they proceeded to splash him. The sealions and sharks we were only allowed to throw food to - the sealions would yell at you if you didn't feed them quickly enough or if you ran out of food. And be careful of the birds - they are thieves!! The dolphin show - I could have done with more dolphins and less dancing but maybe thats just a personal choice. Sealion show = hilarious! The sealions kept doing the wrong things or not doing what they were supposed to and even the handlers couldn't stop from laughing. Too funny! Shamu show = AMAZING!!! I wish I could have seen it twice!
Woohoo, a fish...... Yea, if you have never been, you will probably have some fun here.  But if you have been dragged there more than once, it is all the same.  Nothing too special anymore about seeing what there is, but for a new comer, it will be fun.  Jumping dolphins, touch some starfish, a big whale, and some walrus trying to do a sitcom.  I actually really like that last part.  Again, come once, but no need for a return visit.
Seaworld is so inspiring and the way the Shamu show, boy it was amazing! The trainers inspired a boy so much that he changed his life forever in this one show and was brought up front. He wanted to be a part of Shamu. The trainers gave him a real carved Whale Tail and he got to feed the big whale! The stunts in the show were incredible. I didn't have time to go on Kraken unfortunately as there was technical difficulties!
I absolutley LOVE SeaWorld! Whenever my family comes into town we head to SeaWorld. It is perfect for all ages and offers quality entertainment at reasonable pricing! I actually get my tickets through OrlandoFunTickets.com when my parents come into town, because they offer great deals on tickets. When they came into town last time, OrlandoFunTickets had a deal for buy one day and get the second day free! Manta is by far one of the best roller coasters in Orlando! I also love all of the animal shows. Believe is one of my favorite shows in Orlando. The only thing about this park is that it is HUGE...so prepare to do a lot of walking! But, if you are looking for an alternative to Disney or Universal, SeaWorld is a great change of pace :)
I would never go here again. The tickets were $90.00. We purchased them at our hotel and got a voucher. When we got to Seaworld we paid $20 to park and then had to wait in line 30 minutes to exchange our voucher for tickets. We then waited 10 minutes in line again for the security check. We saw a couple animals, but their habitats were so small it made me feel bad for them. We went to the dolphin show which was awesome and then quickly went in line for Atlantis. We waited 90 minutes for a ride that needs major 80s updates. We also kept getting cut in line by high schoolers from South America and the staff did nothing. The rain came and walking around was miserable and slippery. Almost everything closes for thunderstorms. We went late to the Shamu show because we were told Shamu closes during storms (lie). After Shamu we left. Our lunch reservations had a 2 hr wait and the rain was not stopping. I would never bring my children here in the future. Go to the Ct or Boston aquariums. I'm sure you'll have a much less crowded and enjoyable time. What a waste of $90 !!!!
Sea World is probably my favorite theme park in Orlando. I remember not too many years ago, when Sea World was kind of a joke and just viewed as a large zoo. That is certainly not the case anymore. They have put up some fantastic rides, the shows are great, and they have done this without sacrificing any of the animal exhibits. The rides used to be just a side attraction at the park, but with the openings of Atlantis and Manta, the rides have really become amazing. I highly recommend Manta, as it is one of the few rollercoasters that I don't feel sick after riding. Something about laying down as you ride really prevents motion sickness, and hands down enhances the ride experience. The animal exhibits though, are my favorite part. The dolphin lagoon is amazing, I could sit and watch them for hours, and for a small fee, you can actually feed the dolphins, giving you a chance to even pet them. My other favorite animal exhibit is the Penguins. I could sit and watch the 100 or so penguins walk around and swim in their enclosure. If you are a fan of penguins, like my wife is, I highly recommend paying the extra for the penguin up close tour. You actually get to go into the back of the penguin enclosure. The trainers then call out to the penguins, who much like little dogs, coming running over. The penguins actively wanted to be pet, and you get to spend a good 15-20 minutes with them. It was worth every penny I spent, and I'd consider doing it again on another visit. Over all, Sea World is a great park for both families and couples. Its educational, yes, but there are a ton of fun side activities going on and you can and will spend the entire day roaming the park.
loved it all the shows was great i go back every year its that good. well worth the money at £79 for 3 parks for 2 weeks its a steal
Sea World is where Shamu the famous whale hails.  The aquatic shows are definitely worth watching.  However, the restaurants in Sea World do not know good quality food.  The pizza is horrendous which lacks taste and the bread was stale.  As a native New Yorker, I can spot good pizza anytime as no other city or state can compete with New York pizza.  I lost my appetite for the rest of the day while at Sea World.   There is a shark tunnel with very thick glass walls which the fishes and sharks swim over you as guests walk underneath.  It's freaky but worth a visit. N.B.  If you're a roller coaster enthusiast than Kraken is a must do on your list while you're at Sea World.  Kraken is rated one of the great coasters as American Coaster Enthusiasts (ACE) gives it two thumbs up.
great place if you like sea life, the shows are amazing with seymor & clyde the sea lions & shamu they make you appreciate sea life & you come out with a totally different out look on the creatures of the seas
Working at WDW I do get spoiled with the shows and FIREWORKS at the theme parks.  On saturday, 12/26, I braved the cold and the crowds to get end of the year use of my Annual Pass.  I was very excited about the Christmas shows and REALLY wanted to be sure to stay for fireworks. So my plan went something like this: Hang out until about 6:30pm, go find a seat for Shamu Christmas Show at 7:15. Leave there and TRY for Polar Express and then head to Atlantis Bayside Stadium for the 2nd Winter Wonderland on Ice show at 9:30. Watch fireworks. My plan was flawless and I had such a great experience!  I dislike Believe because I feel that it is too cutesy, wanna be like Disney, not enough whale.  The Christmas Shamu show utilized whale stunts, and the baby even came out! Top it off with a live singing finale and amusement at all the folks down in the splash zone running up the stairs. GREAT! Next to Polar Express which is a simulation ride, normally a helicopter ride to the wild arctic.  I loved the theming of the entire attraction as well as the exciting train ride to the North Pole.  The whole place was transformed and after you stepped into the North Pole, there were artic animals and SANTA!  On the way out, I was sure to buy my dollar cocoa topped with mini marshmallows! Being by myself it was so easy to find a seat for the 9:30 Ice show. If you are with a large party, you will definitely want to be there right after the first show to get a good seat when the seating is re-opened.  Despite cold temps, the skaters were awesome and I loved that such talent was being showcased.  I could have watched them for another 1/2 hour!  But almost immediately after the show, the fireworks started. It was about a 7 minute fireworks show but it was a very quality show with music synced to lighting, water, and fireworks. I wasn't expecting to enjoy the show as much as I did.  I also got a little teary-eyed but I think that may have been a combination of lonliness starting to hit and cold weather. I mean, I almost always watch fireworks with my boyfriend and he wasn't up for the weekend. I also got a chance to ride manta, with a 30 minute wait for the front seat otherwise I would have been on the ride in about 10. LOVE IT! and it was my 2nd time.  It's a little different cause you sit in the chair first, get barred in, and THEN turned to look down.  Again, in spite of the cold if was such a cool thrill and I wasn't as scared as the first time I rode it.  If you like coasters, you will love this. I wish I had gotten out to see Sea World's holiday enhancements earlier in the season but I am SO glad that I sucked it up and went out by myself to experience it.  Want to go again so bad!!!!!
an absolutey fantastic park with lots of sea animal shows and realy fantastic rides and thrills. it is very clean and the staff are really friendly. it is really good to go to with the whole family and you will kalk out astonished...and wet!!
This review is for Juanita in customer service, and not the actual park Hello, I am a retired military veteran and have had trouble with the website in purchasing my tickets.  So i called customer service.  The first person couldn't help me, her name was Jewels, she then transferred me to her supervisor Juanita.  Juanita was the rudest, nastiest person i've ever talked to.  She kept wanting to get off the call, and then proceeded to hang up on me.  I asked her not to hang up, and she did anyway.  So i called back.  I ended up getting a hold of her again (although the young lady before her, who answered my call, was almost as rude as Juanita), Juanita would not give me her supervisor/bosses name, she said "i am the highest person in charge", and i asked her why did she hang up on me?  Guess what?  She hung up on me again!  Please let me find out who her boss is, and what you all plan on doing about this HUGE problem in customer relations.
an amazing day out for everyone, Highly recommended.
I love Sea World!!! The trick with Sea World is to buy the platinum pass. I'm all for being a cheap skate and saving money whenever I can but I have a plat pass for Sea World because it gives me ride again privileges on the top rides and lets me have better and easier access to the shows. Sea World has a section reserved at most shows for plat pass holders. You show your pass and you get to sit front and center. This also allows you to arrive later and still get a great seat. Any time I can eliminate having to sit and wait and wait and wait just so I can have a good seat, I do it, and this is a real time saver. Plus it's the only way to get the best seats. Unless of course you are in a wheelchair or with someone who is. Ride again privileges... doesn't make the line any shorter like a fast pass at Disney or Universal Express Plus at Universal but after you wait in line and ride the first time, you can go again with no wait. Some rides you don't even have to get off to ride again which is great. Depending on who is running the ride you can ride more than just twice. Not sure what the official policy is but I've rode Journey To Atlantis three times back to back even though there was a 40 minute wait. Very nice at the hottest part of the day. So now that I've covered that, what is at Sea World to make you want to go? Shamu for one. Sea World is all about quality shows. Sure they have a few rides and their rides are pretty great, but the animals are why you'll visit and Shamu is their biggest star. Right now there are two different shows you can see. One is the normal Shamu show and the other is Shamu Rocks which happens towards the end of the day and is very different than the earlier show. Both are great and if you go, be sure to catch both, but they each have their own feel. I was wondering if there would be much difference between the two, having just seen the one, would I be bored at the second, but they were much different and both are great. Dolphin show is not to be missed. It has more pageantry and while I love both Shamu shows, I thought the dolphin show was just as good. My last several visits were during the Halloween festivities during which they had an Elmo stage show that was perfect. My daughters favorite character is Elmo so it was an ideal show to get her into the Halloween spirit. Of course being local we had to go every weekend while they had the show, including a trip on Halloween just to trick-r-treat and see that one show. Trick-r-treating was great. There were some long lines at times but that's to be expected. The characters we encountered were all very friendly and weren't as rushed as the characters at other parks. On two occasions a princess spent nearly 5 minutes talking to my daughter and remembered here the second time we saw her. It's the special touches that can really turn a just-another-day-at-a-theme-park into something memorable and this happens often at Sea World. Couple of other minor things to mention: the fountain show is pretty cool and is set to music. There are three guys that do a sketch comedy act at various times that are hilarious. Catch this if they are doing it when you are there. And lastly, when you are told to get to Shamu Rocks very early because it can fill up, do not rely on your platinum pass to get you four seats together at 35 minutes before show time. It does fill up. Even the plat pass section. Get there VERY early!!!
fabulous fabulous fabulous! absolutely in love with all the theme parks in Orlando especially this one! marine animals have always been my favorite.  Only complaint I would have is to maybe add one or two more rides but overall this park is well worth your timeee!
I have to admit, the gift shops are awesome. The weather was perfect when we were there.  It is off season, so we did not wait longer than 5 minutes for our rides. The animals seemed a bit lethargic.
a fantastic plac to go if you like sea life. it has its big thrills and the children will love interacting with the dolphins and manta ray. the killer whale called shamu is a fantastic show to see for the whole family. it also has a giant play area that is really fun to go in. the place is very clean and all the staff are really freindly. it also has great food! i would recomend it to anyone.
I love Seaworld Orlando!  I've probably been here at least 7 times in my life.  It's expensive but they have a TON of animals to feed.  The shows are great.  I love the shark exhibit where you go through an underwater tunnel.  They've added a ride or two to make things somewhat more interesting for the teenage/young adult population.  If you're over 21 they have a Anheuser-Busch brewing center there and you can see the Clydesdale's if they're there (any age) and go have some beers. I wouldn't suggest this if it's not something you're interested in or you've been to lots of big aquariums before, but it definitely offers some things that smaller ones can't.   Insider tip:  Don't forget your sunscreen!
We came to Sea World in the off season (mid-October). Our intent was to avoid the larger crowds. Unfortunately, the reduction in crowds was only matched by a larger reduction in staff. This made the lines extremely frustrating. We KNEW they could handle a deeper flow, but they really cut the staff levels. We came here mainly for the shows, animals, viewing, etc. We weren't here for the rides. Most of the animal exhibit areas are VERY small when you just focus on the animals. Most of the location (penguin area, shark area, etc.) are long walking areas in-doors. As you go thru the maze to see the animals you realize that most of the real estate is made up of photos of the various animals. Well gollie, I guess I can throw away my iPad, smartphone, and computer and spend a LOT of money going to SeaWorld to see the same thing. They need more live animals and less pictures about the diversity of sharks, penguins, seals, etc. Also, we've been here three times in the last 10 years. After my wife and I started talking about it, we realized that they really haven't changed much in all of this time. As we started to add it up, we came to the conclusion that this is definitely a been there done that sort of place.
Great shows. Entertaining for children and adults. The Shamu shows were the best.  I loved how they incorporated all of the other animals...birds, otters and a walrus.  The Condor was crazy! I was also very impressed that Seaworld gives military vets and their families huge discounts.  I'm not sure what it is, but I heard it was free for the vet and three immediate family members. Impressive.
This is one of the best theme parks in the world... definitely the alternative to Disney and Universal if you have small children that are afraid of rides and costumed characters (which I do).  It was a great experience and took us two days to see everything.  I would say, however, that it is not a place to go to everyday of a week long vacation because you will get bored, as an adult, seeing the same stuff over and over. My five year old loved the dolphins and wanted to see them every day... but my three year old was only really interested in seeing everything once.  There's lots of shows to see as well, but we only went to the dolphin/whale show (very cool for a five year old girl) and the Shamu show (WAY COOL FOR EVERYONE!). Be prepared, like all over amusement parks EVERYTHING is pricey!  The food is good, but I don't think it's nearly as good as the food at the one in San Diego.
By far my favorite Orlando theme park. While I do love thrilling, fast-paced roller coasters nothing beats watching sea lion pups splashing about and Clyde and Seamur's comedic antics. Certainly doesn't hurt that they recently opened a new roller coaster Manta which is one hell of a good ride. SeaWorld combines a great blend of animals, entertainment and thrills. Unlike some of the other parks, SeaWorld is also great for smaller children. Even though they can't enjoy the 2 coasters, they'll love being splashed by Shamus and playing in their over-sized playground. Prices are still high on refreshments - typical amusement park prices. Parking will cost you about $12 - a rip off but standard. For Florida residents you can get a year long pass for only a few dollars more than regular park admission. For about double that you can add Busch Gardens to your pass. Definitely a perk.
At other places in the park, they also have turtles (in "Turtle Point")( youtu.be/mirvvj5aXCw ) and in another buildings, a stingray exhibit. Although I never got to see either of these due to the weather that day, it's totally possible that people can see these attractions in any weather. (And there is even an exhibit for manatees: youtu.be/qiwFcoF7pBs . Although I was not able to see the polar bear exhibit in the area called "Wild Arctic", this area can be seen to the far southeast quadrant of the park (just a few hundred yards away from Shamu Stadium.  Not only does it have an exhibit, but it also has a simulator-type ride that you can ride on, at various times in the day. I did find one problem however with Sea World Orlando.  Although Disney's parks have adequate water-cooling (misting stations hidden but in area's to be of use), Sea World is a whole lot different.  They have very few.  When my family and I were down there that year, one of the youngest members of my family, although staying hydrated by drinking water) was external dehydrating, and we had to visit one of their 2 first aid stations in the park.(one near the Stingray Lagoon, and the other in/near Shamu's Happy Harbor.- the fact that they only have 2 first aid stations should be enough to deter everybody away from their park, figuring the amount of "houses" they have their, and all the likelihood of possible injury from their rescued animals they have on-property 24/7. Feeling hungry, by all this talk about animals?  Take a stroll over to the Anheuser Busch Hospitality Center (nearby to the Clydesdale horses.  In this place, you can find a deli with all sorts of possibilities.  Also situated around the park, are a more seafood restaurants from which you can eat. Once and a while, you may even see, walking in an old-style fire-wagon, some of the Clydesdale horses, along with a Dalmatian dog on top of the wagon.  Although the wagon doesn't give rides, it is an interesting thing to see, roaming around the parks.  ( youtu.be/RIheLlziHoQ ) Although shopping is appreciated at some of the few venues they have on site, I didn't find many places that would sell souvenir items on-site. As for the more-docile creatures they have on site, they also have a sea-lion and otter exhibit, featuring a few-times daily show.  Although I wasn't able to see it live that day, between the one showing I got in 1992 and the several times showing I can see it online(YouTube), this show is another excellent one.)   For those looking for thrill rides, SeaWorld Orlando's also got 3 of them.  Between Kraken and Manta, as well as their ultra-excitement of Journey into Atlantis (turbo log-flume ride), they've got a few to suit everybody's taste.  These three might not be a thrill-seeker's best memories, but it will sure keep everybody happy, for the day away in Orlando.  (youtu.be/T-ReRRnaxlo , youtu.be/Fhw6lbHsx , youtu.be/Pb3oFHLBQzA ) (I'm sorry to have to provide so many YouTube links, but these should just about give you a sampling of what you could expect at these attractions.) Any nighttime shows, you may be asking yourself?  Yes.  SeaWorld Orlando has one!  Are their any nighttime shows that feature fireworks?  Yes!  Doubly true as well.  For the nighttime show without the fireworks, the show is called Mistify.  To get the full effects, you will have to sit through an audience theatrical production preceding the fireworks, but they do have one.  As of Jun 2011, the nighttime fireworks spectacular show is/was Mistify (youtu.be/yVY4TEUu_NY) , and, as seen on most YouTube videos, is their only one.   For those looking for nighttime shows with fireworks, their show is called just "Reflections" (youtu.be/MhECoJaTAtw) It's seen over near the lake in bleacher seats.  Ask a park official where this seating is.  When I was there, I was not able to see this show; the show was cancelled due to inclement weather that night. Parking is good.  The parking lots are well identified in signage.  While prices may be a bit steeper than most county fairs at $8(for your standard vehicle), these prices therefore are very good, being they get you into the place daily.  Be careful however, upon exiting.  At the exit gates, there is a "No-Backup-Tire Puncturer".  Therefore, there is NO FREE re-entry into the park. So realize that you've got everything before leaving the parking lot after your day is done. Also, if you are on one of SeaWorld Orlando's subscription lists (for FL residents or whatnot), their patrons pay a lot more for a LOT closer parking.  Even though they pay a higher yearly price (in entrance to the park itself), this subscription comes with some bennies (benefits), one of which is the best parking spaces available for park members.
This is the SeaWorld. It's bigger than the others, has more to do, and is the one most people think about when Sea World or Shamu is mentioned.    That said, this is not the park it was years ago. The shows are insanely over the top, but the good old days of trainers in the water with a killer whale are gone. You learn less and yet the park is somehow less fun. There is an overabundance of money grabbing venues masquerading as a real SeaWorld attraction (like the girl in the tank where they sell you a chance to buy pearls). All theme parks do this to some extent, but Disney and Universal have not come close to this level.    As a kid I remember spending a day at SeaWorld was the ONLY reason to leave Walt Disney World property in Orlando. Now, you might as well spend that extra day at Blizzard Beach or Typhoon Lagoon.
I have not been to a Sea World since I was a kid. One word: WEEEEEE! Went on a water-coaster. Got a GIANT Shamu (that also cost $45 to fly home...couldn't part with it!) stuffed animal at the games area. Laughed at sea lions (don't worry....they were being funny, no feelings hurt here.) Took a picture inside a giant Shark....and lived to post it on FB. Accidentally dropped an "F bomb" in front of a giant group of 5 year olds. Adorned myself with glow in the dark sea-life tchotchkes. Gave leftover giant stuffed animals to the cutest little twin boys ever. Short walk to our Double Tree Hotel (that happens to have a MEGA AAA discount...and cookies) through the parking lot. Only complaint: The nighttime Shamu Rock Show didn't have nearly enough Shamu in it. Weak beer selection. I know, I know...not the local bar, but Budweiser or Bud Lime?! C'mon! :D
This is my favorite theme park in Orlando. I feel kinda disloyal saying that as a native Orlandoan. I don't like roller coasters so I like that there is a lot to do that isn't just rides. The shows are adorable, some of them are basically the same from when I was a kid but I still love them. I love how close you can get to all of the animals. The trainers do an awesome job too. My favorite show is the Clyde and Seamore show. It has been since I was a kid and still is. I think that there is really something for everyone here. My friends love roller coasters and they really love the ones here. I do have a little conflict on my love for Sea World because I feel that keeping the animals is a little cruel. But I do feel that for a zoo (because after all it is just a glorified sea animal zoo) that the animals are well taken care of. Sea World also does a lot of really educate on how to take of the animals and the environment.
Super family fun! Seaworld is a great park to visit while in O-town. During my last visit, I did not ride the Manta or the Kracken. However, I have ridden the Kracken (read: I was tricked into riding the Kracken) and I thought I lost all of my organs, and before we touched ground again, I probably attempted to divorce Pedro P. about 55 times. If that's what you're into, go for it! Enjoy! However, if that's not your thing, there so much more to do! My fave show was the Sea lion and otter show! Super cheesy but cute! The Believe show with the killer whales was "meh" because the trainers can no longer get into the water with the whales so it's very short and kind of boring (there's only so many times you can ooOOh at a whale jumping out of the water). Also, the polar bear!!! Sooooo cute -- even though he could rip my head off in 1.5 seconds. You HAVE to do the helicopter ride before visiting the polar bear -- it's especially fun after a couple of beers! Bonus: Military and 3 dependents get in free!
Educational, Fun - What's not to love?? Clean, friendly, a wide variety of acts and exhibits. Staff is tops in Orlando and the shows are beyond hands on. A little disappointed in "Dine with Shamu" but still 5 stars all around.
Shamu! Shamu! i went to Sea World a couple days ago with my mom, sis and niece. i hadn't been there since i was a kid, and they have certainly expanded the place. thankfully my mom was footing the bill, because a day at disneyworld the day before cost the four of us just slightly more than seaworld. admission is $75 for adults and $65 for kids...plus all the extra fees for feedings, riding the sky tower and all crap they try and sell you in the place. my niece is 4 1/2 and she had a great time. the two shows we went to (shamu and pirate sea otters) were entertaining (ok, shamu was a *little* mushy and nearly brought me to tears). there were several kiddie rides that my niece also loved, plus a fun water area for kiddies. i had fun because she did, my only regret not going on the new rollercoaster.... one thing i don't recommend is the dinner/ luau show. not worth the money ($49 each adult, $29 kids: no alcohol included!!). the show was decent but the food was TERRIBLE, service was so-so (oh, tip not included either) and they sat us all the way over to one side so we had a bad view. i recommend bringing in your own lunch in with you if you want anything close to healthy and not hanging around for dinner. wear a bathing suit because there are many opportunities to get wet, and you will want to in that heat.
Our family enjoyed a trip to Sea World this past weekend.  It had been at least 25 years since I had been and the rest of the family it was their first visit.  Everyone enjoyed all the roller coasters and shows.  It did not get 5 because of the lack of food places and the design of the park makes it almost impossible for someone with limited mobility, even with the aid of a wheelchair or ECV to get around.. We were part of a Girl Scout troop, so we were part of an "educational group" and entered from that gate; there were no wheelchairs or rentals in this area; a sea world employee went looking for a chair (it would have been impossible for me to walk to the rental shop near the main gate).  I had reserved a rental ECV for the day and thought it would be at the gate I entered, but it wasn't.   Everything went really good until we were ready to leave, we turned in the ECV and was told we had to use a blue wheelchair until we got to the main gate (which was the only gate we could exit). I could not exit the gate in the blue chair I had to use a red one.   We had to walk and be pushed all the way to the cars which was a very long way from the gate we had to exit ---- whiney maybe, but after a full day of walking with legs and feet screaming, even a few steps was miserable. Especially the little kids.  There had not been any notice given that we would not exit the same gate we entered; if there had been, we would have parked closer to that gate.  A tram/ trolley/ shuttle should be available for people having to go to the back gates of the park to their cars. Anyway, aside from that inconvenience and annoyance of wheelchair & gate & parking issues, the only other complaint or issue we had was the lack of food available. We were in the Journey to Atlantis/Kraken area of the park and decided it was time to eat lunch.  The only choices in this area was snack type food (chips, drinks, candy).  We had to walk to another area of the park to find a restaurant, the first was the Island Cafe, which offered chicken dishes. So, off to another area to find a pizza shop and then another area there was a BBQ shop.  In the BBQ shop we finally found hot dogs and fries on the kids menu.   Why was there no hot dog stands or other simple lunch food in the other areas of the park?   The Best show of the day was the Whale & Dolphin show = Blue Horizons.  I didn't understand the 'story', but the cast and animals were outstanding!  Beautiful!  A don't miss it show for sure!!  I didn't get the connection of the parrots and trapeze stunts with the dolphins, but it was pretty and entertaining.  If you are in a wheelchair or with someone who is, be sure and get to the top level in order to see the whole stage.  I was one of the unfortunate ones who had to use the lower level and could not see very well.  Even though I had that issue, it still was the best show of the day for me. Shamu show (One Ocean) was disappointing.  If you aren't into getting splashed or watching people get splashed then this show is not for you.  The animals were beautiful and I was impressed at how they reacted with the trainers.  The music was just right.  Get there early to get a good seat.  We were in the splash zone, but didn't get wet, baby shamu didn't want to 'perform' for us! The Sea Lion & Otter show was super funny!  This turned out to be our last show of the day and it was perfect for ending the day with. The 3D Turtle Trek movie was very good.  But, go early when your legs & feet are not tired because you stand up the whole time. Journey to Atlantis ride, which is a water roller coaster, was enjoyed by my daughter very much.  My husband the heaviest person in their boat was seated towards the front of the boat so everyone in the boat got soaked, the kids loved it!  This ride has a gift shop at the end, and in the gift shop you'll find one of the most unique aquariams in the park (it's in the floor!)  Be sure and don't miss it.  I was the only one in my group who saw it.  I didn't get on the ride, I wandered around and found it. You really need two days to do everything.  We rode all the coasters, once, saw 4 shows had lunch and a snack (while waiting for a show) and wandered in and out of aquariams, and did not get to feed a dolphin, pet a sting ray, or go up in the tower, because of not having enough time and we were there from 9 to 7 (when the park closes). If I was to go back today, I'd pack me a few water bottles, carry a small towel, park near the main gate, get to the whale and dolphin stadium earlier to get a better seat, get a turkey leg to eat on while I waited on family in ride lines, and the only drink I'd buy would be the lemon icy freeze drink (at least one, this was soo good!!)
The day I was there was cold and rainy.  They must have made a fortune on selling Ponchos. Despite walking around freezing in wet socks and wet converse, I managed to have a good time.  (Note to self: carry a sweater next time) Speaking of next time, the ticket I bought (fun pass for FL residents) allows you to visit as many times as you want for a year for an extra $10.  I also saved $10 for being a FL resident so it all evened out.  Parking is $15 for regular and $20 for preferred. I caught the sea lion and walrus show which was super cute.  The Manta roller coaster was freaking awesome!  It was better than the Hulk at Islands of Adventure.  I didn't have time for the Kraken roller coaster but I'll definitely make more trips to Seaworld in the upcoming year.  I have to say that the highlight of my visit was the stingray feeding.  They're so soft and nice. They suck up the food out of your hand. They're like puppies! The only slight complaint I have is that they don't have enough food stalls evenly spaced around the park. I don't mean ice cream, drinks or snacks. It would've been nice to see corn dogs, chili dogs, sandwiches, salads or something hot. I would've been totally psyched to see an Arepa stall.
SeaWorld Orlando is phasing out. The best thing my 6 y/o niece and I saw was the Pet Show where they have trained ordinary rescue pets to do pretty extraordinary tricks.  Beyond that, our first experience completely sucked beginning with the way one of the turnstile operators was speaking to the guest in front of me, then in her frustration, looked at me (with her green light still on) and told me she was closed after the guy in front of me who she was being impolite to. I looked at the other lines and of course, there are now 20 people in each of the "now two" lanes open. Once I got through the gate, I asked to speak with a manager or someone in charge and out walks a very young woman with her hair pulled back in a bun and an even tighter skirt on. Explaining true customer service to someone barely out of high school is entertaining enough. Having them stare at you blankly with a very fake smile; not so much! Simply stated - for the money you spend - put it into Disney or Aquatica by SeaWorld, which is much better. I spent well over $700 for myself and family for Aquatica and SeaWorld tickets. But never again for SeaWorld. If its any indication on how displeased I am, I downloaded Yelp! to my iPhone, registered and then wrote this review while sitting in the SeaWorld parking lot. It was that important to me to make others aware.
Went there w/ my folks and sister back in the mid 90's. It was fun for the whole family even though my sister and I were already in our 20's. Went back again this past weekend with my wife. How things (and perspectives) change. The Clyde and Seamore show was still entertaining. The dolphin and birds show was terrific. The headline Shamu show though? Terrible. Yes I understand after the "incident", the trainers don't get into the water with the killer whales, and expect the production to suffer a bit. The killer whales were all over the place, often time not doing what they're trained to do. No problem, they're wild animals after all. What turned me off was the show into a feel good, sing-along, earth-first, let's hold hands with an animal, kumbaya act. I believe in global warming and taking care of the environment, we donate regularly to the NDRC, but. COME. ON. For lunch, we "dined" at the SeaFire Inn. We chose it because we were in the mood for adult food, not pizza or chicken fingers. For $18, we got two sandwiches, another $2.50 for a drink, and $3 for a side. Can you say money grab? I know food at amusement parks can get pricey, but the the food was not good at all. To make matters worse, no staff ever came to clean up, and we we had to search for a trashcan that wasn't over-flowing with garbage. Absolutely disgusting. Final note... my wife wanted to feed the dolphins so we waited patiently in line for 40 minutes. For an additional $7, they gave her 4 sardines and 3 minutes to feed and touch the dolphins, and pose for a $18 picture. I would write more, but I'm still dizzy from all the loud music they blasted throughout the shows. Bottom line, shows are okay, everything else is terrible.
This park has gone DOWN. I mean, Manta and Kraken are great and the side shows are great and the animal encounters are great, but the park and its operations/food/merchandising/front gate employees? Terrible. First off the park is too large for what it actually contains, so you are stuck walking a LOT with NOTHING around. Other than the two roller coasters, there isn't much else to ride (Journey to Atlantis is quite possibly the dumbest ride in the history of theme parks). The employees are wholly inefficient and rude. When Manta first opened, they were sending out cars 25-50% empty, making the wait 2-3 HOURS. The front gate people frequently seem to tune out the world, especially when the lines are long. Don't go expecting a whole day's worth of fun. And look at the price you are paying for that half day. It's just not worth it. Maybe if they build some more Manta-like rides and fill up some of that space.
Sea World is one of our favorite places.  We went to the one in California a few years ago and loved it so we had to hit the one in Florida. The roller coasters were great - kids loved them!  If it is really busy than it is worth it to buy the $20 wrist band to jump the line with the Quick Queue.  There are not a lot of rides (3 or 4 worth riding) but you could easily stand in line for over an hour when it is busy.  The rides do shut down if there is lightening so that also makes the Quick Queue worth it.  When they fire back up you are ready to roll. The shows were great too.  Definitely go the half hour early to get good seats and decide if you want to get wet when you sit in the splash zone. Clyde and Seamore is my all time favorite show.  We went twice - 5 Stars for humor, story, and of course the sea animals and their tricks. The dolphin and whale show.  We went to twice - 5 Stars but the second show was far better than the first.  The stunts the actor and actresses did were captivating as they soared through the air and dove into the water.  The dolphins did amazing jumps, spins, and turns in unison.  Birds flew about and a huge vulture did a quick appearance and flew over the audience. The Shamu show was ok.  It was worth going so the kids could see Shamu but once was good and I'd say it was 3.5 for this show. There are many different ticket prices and packages.  We got a one day pass and then went to the customer service desk INSIDE the park to get our passes for a free 2nd day.  You must do this BEFORE leaving the park.  We weren't sure if we wanted to come back but we got the tickets anyway and then did go back.  I heard there were other specials for the week too. Don't bring anything you can't put into your pockets.  Put your camera in zip lock bag and go light or rent a locker.  Little lockers with keys are around for a few quarters.  They don't allow bags and loose items on the rides. They have a full all day meal plan.  Basically $30 for an adult and $15 for a child (ages) and then you can eat at 5 places in the park for the day with a wrist band. Pros: Buy the meal plan for the value of the drinks.  You can get bottled water and fountain drinks of soda, tea, fruit punch throughout the day so for a $3.00 bottle of water it can pay for itself. Cons: The food is about the same at each place like a cafeteria.  Get your tray and plan to wait in line forever as the people move very very slow and are not so interested in serving. The All Day eating wrist bands do not apply to any of the drink or snack carts though out the park. The food is not good at all.  When none of my 4 girls will eat the mac and cheese...BEEP BEEP BEEP - RED FLAG.  I have never known a place where mac and cheese has been turned away and not gobbled up.  I wish we could have brought food in with us but that is where they make their money. There is an actual full service restaurant with beautiful views but reservations are needed and the menu was heavier than what we were wanting for lunch. Tips: I did skip and cut the lines to grab waters and drinks with my wrist band.  Your suppose to wait the full line each time but since the line doesn't move people didn't seem to mind me going around to grab a water and leave. If you hate getting wet then go to the dollar store and get a few fold up ponchos for when it rains.  They sell them at the gift store but they are expensive and the rain only lasts a few minutes so you could wait it out. There are different animals to feed like the sting rays and dolphins, so check out the feeding times and get your dish of fish for about $5-10 bucks. The underground Manatee area was a cool relaxing spot to rest.  I also enjoyed the underground stingray pool.  Watching the stingrays resting on the bottom while others sailed through the water with fish and sea creatures was beautifully amazing.
Talk about a day well spent! Forget Disney, forget Universal - SeaWorld is the place to be!  Petting Sting Rays, taking pictures in front of Penguins!  How could life be any better? The park itself is very clean and organized.  The staff are nice and helpful.  I've been to SeaWorld in San Antonio also, but it's not as amazing. And KRAKEN!! Great Coaster at that!  Buy 1 day come back all year for free :)
My wife and I have visited Seaworld three times this year (we bought an annual pass). The first time we were hosting out-of-towners. The second time we decided to escape for a romantic afternoon/evening. The third time we visited with extended family, including young children. Each time we had a wonderful experience. Seaworld provides an excellent mix of amazing animal shows and interactive exhibits and the park is run by very friendly and informative staff. Most recently, we attended Seaworld's Christmas Celebration. That's right--Christmas! Not holiday. Kudos to Seaworld for not being afraid to celebrate Christmas. And, we are not talking about the secularized version of the holiday. The Christmas story was integrated into the Seaworld experience in such a natural way. I loved the traditional luau and the "O Wonderous Night" show. If you are tired of everyone else sidestepping the whole point of Christmas, then make a point of attending next year's Christmas celebration at Seaworld.
I went during the hurricane scare august 26-sept 1 SeaWorld's show must go on! They even performed in the rain and was very impressed with the military support. Got in Free with a hero's welcome. Thank You!
Remind me next time to check the show schedule for Sea World BEFORE we go. This isn't a heavy ride park and I'm used to Cedar Point and Busch Gardens. Soooo, we missed Shamu and the rest of the critter shows because we wanted to ride the rides and got hooked on "Journey to Atlantis" which we rode 4 times attempting to get a funny hey look at the camera picture; we succeeded. PLUS it was POURING rain all day so all in all it was a funny incredibly expensive disaster of a day and we're looking forward to going back...to see the whale...   Having AAA helped with the cost.  They offer a $69 one day ticket which included a meal. You can get the ticket validated at the end of your day in order to return again within 7 days.
There's a lot to Sea World beyond Shamu and the usual crowd they run past you.  They do a lot for rehabilitation of hurt or stranded wildlife behind the scenes.  They have a turtle rescue and a Manatee rescue and they do try to educate up front as much as they can.  We saw baby manatees being fed bottles and adults being checked by vets.  They had several turtles they were rehabilitating in hopes of re-release.   When you next go, realize that it's not just a commercial outfit, they do a lot of good behind the scenes.
Wow, what a fun place. I haven't been to Seaworld since I was young child but have always had found memories of the place. I recently got back from a trip with the family (2-4-12 & 2-5-12) and we all LOVED it! As far as theme park ticket prices go, I found them very fair at about $58 each (which was included two days of admission). A nice caveat is that you can apply the cost of your ticket to an annual pass before you leave the park. It works out to be a great deal if you plan on visiting a lot plus is saves you anywhere from $14-$30 on parking each time, depending which you choose. We chose the $20 reserved parking which literally placed us in the first few spots by the entrance; well worth it at the end of the day with tired kids. Based on other reviews I've read, they have knocked the customer service. I found it to be top notch. We lost our camera there on the second day, filled out some missing item paperwork and got a call 2 days later saying they found it. We were pumped and relieved. Everyone from the restaurant workers to the ride operators seemed very nice, even of they seemed 12 years old (just kidding but they were young to me). We rode the Manta and Kraken roller coasters over and over and over again. They were so much fun if you enjoy coasters. The kiddie area was very complete with rides, play area, and even midway carnival style games. The shows from "Shamu & Friends" to the dolphins to the sea lions were extremely entertaining. We even fed the dolphins and sting rays...so much fun! The food and souvenirs prices are pretty much in line with other theme parks but I can say are LESS expensive than Disneyworld. For lunch, my family of six was able to dine for about $61 including drinks (4 adult & 2 kid's meals).   All in all, we had a great time, felt like we had got our money's worth in entertainment, and have forged some great lasting family memories!
Probably Florida's premier water-theme theme park. PROS: + Lots of shows + Pretty big, kicked Miami Seaquarium's ass + Well maintained, clean + Three rides (if you want more water-fun, get another pass for Aquatica, Sea World's waterpark.) Of the ones in SeaWorld, Mantra is the best. CONS: - Kinda pricey for what it is since you can see the whole park in one afternoon. They also charge extra for the ride on the tower. - There are lines but it gets smaller as the day drags on.
I guess you could say that SeaWorld is an educational place to go, but it's also fun.  There are several show to see and, if you plan your day right, you can actually squeeze them all in.  The exhibits were great.  I will say that we didn't do any of the roller coasters which is probably how we had enough time to do everything else.  The wait in line for those rides can be over an hour at times. They also offer many tour and adventure packages.  I didn't try any this time, but I'd like to next time.  Just need to have enough $$$$. In the evening, we attended the Makahiki Luau.  For $50/person, we got dinner and a show.  It was worth the splurge on vacation.
After spending so much time at Disney World- fighting crowds, applying copious amounts of hand sanitizer after touching countless surfaces coated in the mucus and saliva of untold numbers of young children with sinus infections and common colds, the spacious and slow feel of SeaWorld came as a welcome relief. The actual roller coasters are great!  The wait time was minimal for my wife and I- we got on first row, after waiting for one ride to complete, at around 3pm... The Shamu show was great.  People who critique the background music are totally missing the point, because- I don't know- you're watching multiple ton trained animals fling themselves out of bodies of water to do front flips and interact with the crowd.  It's like watching a miracle of ingenuity just feet in front of you, and you just sit here complaining about the fact that they cranked Celine Dion over the loudspeakers?  Come on.   There is a "kids' area" that has an amazing rope jungle gym / climbing tube area that is just gigantic, where your gromits can all jump and hang and climb and dive and roll around and just tire themselves out.  There are a ton of picnic tables built underneath, so you can sit in the shade there and enjoy a packed lunch. All in all, SeaWorld was totally worth it.  I'd highly recommend planning a visit here after 2 days or so of the Disney "experience", when you've had enough of the crowds.
My husband and I got free tickets to Seaworld so we went there on a weekday before Halloween.   The park was really empty obviously because it was a weekday and also people were waiting for a few more days to go there to attend the Halloween event.   Even tho, the park may seem empty, you will see lots of people gather for the shows so go earlier to get good seats, no matter how empty you think the park is.  I enjoyed the dolphin show and the otter & seal show.  They were really fun and creative!  You don't wanna miss these two.  The shamu show was rather disappointing.  There were not too much movement or story to it.   I did not really like their roller coasters.  They got me really sick.  But if you are a person who does not get motion sickness at all, go for it!!   This place is rather for families with kids...not for adults.  However I can say that even adults would enjoy the shows.  I definitely would not pay the full price for this place tho.
Like many other Orlando attractions, Sea World is pretty fun, but pretty darn expensive too. Still, If I'm going to spend the money on an attraction, I really do prefer going to sea world, just because the attractions don't really get old, and watching all the sea life just never gets boring to me. The Good: Awesome Animal Exhibits: If it is walruses, penguins or sharks that you want to see, SeaWorld has you covered. Looking at all the different animals is always the highlight of the trip for me, and there is no shortage of exhibits to look at! Fun Shows: You wouldn't think the whale and dolphin shows would be all that interesting, but the people at SeaWorld just make it fun. Although the highlight has to be the walrus show! It is super funny, and cute for the kids! Thrill rides: Although there's only really 3 or 4 "rides" in the complex, they are all pretty fun, and will keep older kids engaged while the little ones look at the penguins. The Bad: Yes, it is pricey: At $70 a ticket for out of towners, this place is really expensive. They have a promotion running now that is basically a buy one, get the rest of the year free, but that doesn't help people only staying in town for a few days. Long Waits: This place gets packed, and with only a handful of rides to go on, the lines can become insufferably long, especially on hot summer weekends. Unprepared for rain: There is a serious lack of rain shelter here, which is definitely a bad thing when those signature afternoon thunderstorms come rolling in during the afternoon. I personally love going to SeaWorld, but I realize that this place might not be everyone's cup of tea, and you definitely don't want to pay $70 for a place you might not enjoy Overall: 7.7/10= Come to SeaWorld for the Animals!
Seaworld was a great experience! I used a buy 1 get 1 free offer and we also bought the all day restaurant pass when we got to the park and I have to say, it's TOTALLY worth it. We were able to go to 5 of the 6 shows that day. My only complaint would be that it's hard to see the entire park in a day AND make it to all of the shows. There are two roller coasters and one log ride in the park, all are fun and it's nice to be able to have a "theme park" experience along with the aquarium experience. The park was surprisingly NOT overpriced, I am really happy I chose Seaworld over Disneyworld.
MANTA is Awesome! Worth a trip for that alone!! Besides MANTA we took in all the other rides and shows highlights and one low light below + Manta - enough said! + Kraken - Great... until you try Manta :) + Atlantis - Fun Log flume meets roller coaster + Sealion show - very funny, early birds get a pre-show bonus. + Dolphin show - Very good, Cirque du Soleil meets animal acrobatics - Day time Whale show - poor + Shamu Rocks - Entertaining Not even some obnoxious southerners could ruin our day we had a blast! So much so we went back later in the week for a few more rides of Manta and the late night Shamu show... which is 100x better than the daytime show which is pretty weak! No bags on rides and paid one use lockers are annoying, 50cents per ride. Tips: - Manta has a crazy wait.. upto 2hrs at some points of the day, but get in line at 1min to closing and your good no matter how long the wait! - Run straight to Atlantis & Kraken, we rode both within the first 15min of entering the park, later in the day the waits were 1hr+ - Seaworld staff are not Disney.. don't expect miracles - Seaworld money grabs, and charges you for everything under the sun, so expect additional cost if you want to feed animals etc... - Free beer is no more :( - Whale shows are not as crazy since the accident, trainers are not allowed in the water with Whales anymore.
Super fun for anyone and any age!   An exciting learning adventure awaits around every corner.   You'll learn things without even knowing it.   They have great shows, rides & food throughout the park.  Best thing is that all the shows and rides are included in your admission.   Feed the dolphins, pet stingrays, walk through an underwater tunnel, watch the animal shows and just have a wonderful time.   Be certain to bring your rainslicker or poncho for those sudden downpours!   Grab the big collectors cup and bring it with you for cheap refills throughout the park. Wonderful experience!
Park was awesome.  Dolphin show was better than Georgia Aquariums (where I have a season pass) and the sea lion show stole the day.  Lot's of great looking rides that I could not ride (had 20 month old with me).  The turtle trek 3-d movie was amazing.  Go mid February as the weather was pleasant and the crowds were minimal.  Only complaint was birds trying to steal good during at the outside dining.
Sea World has always been one of my favorite parks ever since I was a kid. My grandma worked there for over 20 years and my father worked there for about 5 years. Seeing the animals is always fun especially since they are not being harmed and they are very well taken care of. The animals are either rescued or they were born in seaworld. It is sad that the trainers no longer swim with the killer whales but it's still a good show just not the same. I always have been and always will be a sea world girl!
Having an annual pass I never seemed to really get into it. I liked the child play area, but my hcildren weren't old enough to play yet, when I went with my friend and her kids parts were always closed due to bees. I did like the TWO rides. And the smelly penguin exhibit. I can't believe parents were giving their kids the alcoholic slushies! I did miss those towards the end!
Sea world isn't the same anymore. My husband and I went a week or so ago (honeymoon).. And we were both disappointed. They need to step it up at sea world. The 3 rides they had were ok. The new Antarctic penguin ride is also just ok. The shows were cancelled that day due to weather and the rides were too. I suggest you make sure there's absolutely no chance of rain when you go. The food here was awful. I was expecting it to at least be good... Not amazing. I would also pack a lunch if coming here. Sea world just isn't the same.
My wife, 5 year old daughter, my parents, and my aunt went to Sea World June 19th 2008.  I'd been here before 18 years ago.   This is a great park and a lot of fun.  They've added two coasters to jazz up the excitement a bit, Journey to Atlantis and the Kracken.  I do not like huge roller coasters but I love water rides.  I rode Atlantis twice while it was early and no waiting.  Great ride with two drops, one a water drop one a roller coaster drop that twists to the right and ends in a huge splash.  You get soaked. MUSTS: -Get there early, pet and feed the Dolphins.  If you're into this, who isn't. -You must see Shamu.  Unfortunately, you have to wait in line so early to get a good seat it slows down your park experience and robs your time at other attractions.  The show has become a bit more boring since 18 years ago as well.  Back then it was loaded with humor, now it's more motivational called 'Believe'.  The show was 45 mins but Shamu only came out for about 15mins.  They really need to give more Shamu for the $$$ and less video.  I swear the improvement of video technology has made these type of productions very lazy.  It's like a high tech Powerpoint presentation.  Still, my family was very impressed.  It's a full grown killer whale for goodness sake.  I missed half the park though because everybody was tired and hot after the show and ready to go. -Shark tank.  Do it. -Pet the Rays. For the most part, park food is bad.  Eat before you come.  Snack on what you bring or eat as cheap as possible in the park.  The night before, freeze bottled water at your room and bring it with you.  It will thaw quickly but remain cold most the day.  Money and comfort saver.  Florida weather usually sucks, so cope with the humidity by dropping into the air as much as possible.  Wait out the afternoon rain and it will clear up in about 2 hours and be a nice 74 or so.  If you still have the energy you can keep going.  Like everything in Orlando it's expensive, about $60 a person.  Grin, bear it, and have fun!!!  It's a must see.  I love Sea World.
Sea World is always a great park to visit. Disney and Universal are fun and all but I can only take so much theme park. There were several things I liked about the park and some things that were disappointing. For example, the seal and walrus pirate show was hilarious. It was my favorite show of all. Then there was the dolphin show which was completely disappointing. It was SO tacky. I couldn't help but laugh! The singing, the princess/prince duo... it was all just a little odd. I didn't enjoy it because it took away from the actual dolphins. They were trying really hard to imitate "O". Not a very good imitation. The parrots were all very cool though. Then there was the whale show... meh. It was alright. I noticed that the trainers don't get in the water any more. Then there's also my concern with the animals. It always makes me sad to see that they are in captivity. For example, "Shamu" has to be kept alone in a tank by himself which is awful because they are social animals and live in packs in the wild. He is probably depressed... and lonely. Ugh, makes me really sad. Then there was the penguin exhibit... I hope they have a larger place to go to when they are not on display. They are all cramped into that little space. Really, makes me think of Happy Feet: youtube.com/watch?v=wdAg… That all makes me so sad. But anyways back to the park... Manta was really cool. I was actually a little terrified to ride it but I'm so glad I did because it was SUPER fun. The restaurant with the sharks was not very good. I would say, don't waste your money.
We just spent a week at Disney and now we're doing the Universal/Sea World/Discovery Cove things to do.  We had a nice time and the kids were entertained.  Didn't care for the staff at SeaWorld.  They should take a lesson from Disney.  Asked a concession stand girl a question and her response was "huh."  I went into Chicago mode and replied back with a "huh" and got the answer to the question that was asked. Kids liked feeding the stingrays.  Reluctantly went to the Shamu show after we were assured that none of the trainers would be eaten in front of our children.  Had the HD video camera ready though just in case.  (Insert sinister and evil laugh here)  The show was Cirque du Soleil for whales. Shark tank was cool but not as cool as I remember from when I was a kid.  Did get a great picture of the family being eaten by a great white shark though.
We took my son here for his birthday 05/31/11. I have to say that this place is pretty cool but don't try to do it all in one day, which is what we tried to do. Why in the world would we do that, you ask? Well its because they give 1 day free every year to military. Maybe because it was summer time, but it was extremely crowded when we went. A few times we had to pick up our little one (who's 3) because he kept getting run over by adults not looking down (not the park's fault) We took the picture right away as soon as we walked in and then spent 20 mins trying to figure out what to see next. Since we were only there for the day, we decided to skip the rides and just see the animals. *TIP* if you plan on seeing any of the shows, get there super early otherwise you'll get a crappy seat. All in all it was a pretty good day. 2 things I want to gripe about a bit. 1. Food prices are crazy! (I know its an amusement park but $70 for 4 people?!?!) 2. My mom is handicap and we couldn't get one of those riding things for her to save our life! She had to sit out a few attractions because she couldn't walk anymore :(
Upside: Awesome shows. Love seeing all the animals- amazing sea life and birds. Downside: Christmas time is insanely, insanely crowded. Bathrooms could have been much cleaner.
Sea World was a nice break from the Disney grind that we did all week.  My daughter loves animals and actually she seemed to enjoy this more than Disney.  Tge park is great but A LOT of walking to get to each different exhibit.  The went to a lot of the animal "petting areas" we got SOAKED by the rays which was a little disappointing because in order for a small child to get to touch them you have to lift them up to the pool and them you get splashed by passing by rays.  The Dolphin area was ok.  The pool they are in is designed for you to not be able to get close to them, again.  The worst part?  The seagulls will eat your fish!!!  Yeah you just paid $7 to feed dolphins and the SUPER aggressive seagulls will jack your stash quick! The Shamu show was ok.  The little ones enjoyed it but it's just not the same Shamu show that I remember after all these incidents I guess they no longer allow the trainers in the water with the killer whales.  I agree with one reviewers in the whole "One Ocean" thing is a bit much considering the trainers can't even get in the water.. just sayin! The shark exhibit was meh you stand on a people mover as you move through it and honestly I have seen better exhibits.  The seal lions are cute and fun to feed. I will say the grounds are maintained very well.  But be prepared to WALK!  The rides are cool.  Manta was by far the favorite here.  Kracken was good but I prefer a ride like manta.  The Atlantis splash ride was ok but it was a chilly day and not one you necessarily want to be soaked on. **Pro tip buy your tickets online and get $10 off or head to a nearby Publix grocery and get a discount coupon you will save quite a bit.  Our tickets were only $60.  You can also park at the DoubleTree for less and walk to the park to save money. It's not the Sea World you may remember as a kid
The price tag is competing with Disney and Universal, however the experience is not anywhere near their calliber.   The dolphin show should really be renamed to the people in bright tights jumping off high dive show while disney princess music plays in the background.  The Shamu show was pretty good.  Those animals are incredible, but leave it to seaworld to sap it up with the Celine Dion music in the background to bring that disney princess feel to the whole experience.   Oh well.  it just wasn't for me.  I was expecting more of a Mystic Aquarium experience where you actually learn a great deal about the creatures as opposed to the lackluster effort of trying to entertain the masses.
I am not a huge fan of theme parks. The crowds, the wait time, the all day walking around in the sun...eugh. But we decided to take advantage of the FL resident buy one day, come back all year Sea World promotion. The park is great. One gets to see the different sea animals, learn a little, and see the shamu show. Go touch the sting rays... they are fun and slimy. I have yet to hop on the roller coasters... I don't want to wait in line. My only negative comment is that I could tell the animal sections were a bit small for the amount of animals they have. The dolphin pool, the turtle pool, sea  lions, etc all felt a bit crowded. The polar bear was either depressed or just lazy because he just didn't get up. So is a bit sad to see all these wonderful animals stuck in a cage. I think this is a great park if you have little ones and want to experience some sea life.
SeaWorld Rocks!!  Great shows, the "One Ocean, Pets Ahoy and Blue Horizons" were my favorites! Where else can you see Killer whales, dolphins, birds, dogs, cats, skunks, pigs, rats, seal lions, walrus, otters, stingrays and acrobats all  in one place! I love how SeaWorld encourage us all to be environmentally conscious and to respect and care for our planet.
Having only military tickets for only active military is beyond disrespectful! My husband fought for this country and he is inactive now but, he still deserves to be appreciated for his sacrifice of laying down his life. And the staff at SeaWorld are beyond rude!!!
I wrote a 2 star review for Dine With Shamu, but yelp put it in with the general Seaworld reviews, so I feel I have to clarify.  I LOVE SEAWORLD!  As a theme park, it is topnotch.  The park itself is immaculate.  The tanks are impeccably maintained.  I'm used to the tanks in the New England Aquarium, which are murky and hard to see through.  The glass here is crystal clear and pictures come out perfectly.   I love feeding the dolphins and taking in the shows that Seaworld has to offer.  One of the best and least publicized shows is the "Pets Ahoy" show, featuring dogs and cats that were rescued from shelters.  It's amazing what they can train these animals to do.  I can't even get my cats to come when I call them, let alone walk across a tightrope.   The crown jewel of Seaworld is the Believe show.  The show is visually stunning and it's clear that the trainers adore and respect the animals that they work with.  My husband and I love this show so much that we have the DVD at home, and have been known to listen to the soundtrack in the car.   So while I don't recommend Dine with Shamu, I wholeheartedly recommend Seaworld.  It's not to be missed.
We got the multi-park pass (unlimited visit for 14 days) to SeaWorld, Busch Gardens and Aquatica. It was a good deal. We ended up visited each park twice and enjoy every bit of it. SeaWorld is more than just an aquarium. The rides are fun. The shows are must-see. Just make sure you get to the theaters at least 5 min in advance. The doors close punctually. If possible, get there 15-20 min before show starts to ensure good seats. Dinning in the park is good. There are a variety of options. You should try the turkey legs for lunch or snack. They are classic! If you plan to bring boxed juices to the park, they will ask you to remove all the straws. So, bring some baby cups along. Though SeaWorld is a fun place, I think the single day ticket price is way too much. I believe they set it so high to encourage you to get multi-day and multi-park passes -- which are much more reasonable.
I was stumped when trying to figure out what amusement park to take my son while visiting Orlando. He's only 2 so I decided against Disney because I wanted him to really enjoy himself when he went. I don't think he quite grasp the Mickey concept and how huge it is. After racking my brain I decided on Sea World and boy did I make the right decision. He really enjoyed the shows and of course Shamu! Sea World offers show after show after show. Which was great for me because my little one is too young for the rides. We started the day off with "Breakfast with Elmo and Friends". My son LOVES Elmo! I prefer Grover myself, he's got swagger! We had a continental style breakfast buffet. While the kids ate, characters like Ernie, Grover, Bert and Cookie Monster mingled with the children and took pictures with the families. Then it was time for the headliner, Elmo himself. He graced us with his presence by singing all of his popular songs while he danced with Zoe. Each family was then granted the opportunity to take a picture with all of the characters. What a great way to start the day! On to the killer whales. The show they put together is simply amazing. I can't imagine the hours of training that it takes to perfect the shows but it is definitely reflected in the performance. You can tell that the trainers really care about the animals as well. We also caught a show that featured trained dogs, cats, birds, ducks and pigs. Way cool! Lunch time! We had the best lunch I can remember for an amusement park. A la carte without the cheesy half attempt of a presentation. The food was fresh and prepared while you waited. It was then time to souvenir shop. Of course you'll overspend but what the heck, you're on vacation! I recommend Sea World for those with small children. They are sure to love the shows and the experience!
5 Stars for service...all of the employees were very friendly and helpful. 2 Stars for price...very expensive...$70 bucks with a 20% discount, OUCH! 2 Stars for food...not a lot of choice, quality was average...not many healthy options and pricey. 5 Stars for attractions.  Nice variety of shows, exhibits and rides.   5 stars for grounds:  Grounds were clean and very well kept. Would recommend and plan to return.
Prices : 1 Star $82 for a day at the park (Adult) PLUS $14 parking PLUS $.50 for a locker at the roller coasters is just outrageous! Attractions : 4 1/2 Star They have a nice variety of animal shows and interactions but unfortunately are trying to charge you for every little bit of extras on top of an already pretty steep price of admission and extras etc. Overall : SeaWorld is a very nice park with great animal interactions (Stingrays etc.) but the amount of extra money that is needed just to get through half a day at SeaWorld is just getting more and more ridiculous. So I really think that these parks are going too far here. How do average people afford to go to a few parks with the family.
LOOOOVE it. I'm sure you will too. It is worth every single penny i spent.
Love Sea World!!! We are in the attraction business and I can tell you Sea World cares about the people who work under them (selling the park) and people who come to their parks! Sea World is one of our favorite parks...we love the animals and they have great rides and wonderful employees which equals great service! You have to ride Manta when going to Sea World! Loads of other great things Sea World offers: they have specials for different times of the year like free trick or treating and Easter Sunrise service (which is free also). Then they have had different bands etc play at their parks that is included with admission.
Been to  SeaWorld so many times I can't count. However, the last time I went [May, Memorial Day weekend, 2009], it wasnt the best. Although I love animals so much, which is my main enjoyment of going there, this time it was so overcrowded and hot, we just wanted to leave. The main reason we went was because we had booked the Shark Dive [Swimming with the dolphins was sold out]. So this review will be on the Shark Dive: Upon arriving at our meeting point with our instructor, she told us all we need to know about the sharks while we are in the water, explained what to do and not to do, etc. After a brief instruction, we went into the changing rooms to change into wet suits. After this, we were brought into the room where the shark tank was where a photographer will take photos of us prior to going in the cage.  VERY DISAPPOINTING. WE COULDNT EVEN TAKE AN UNDERWATER CAMERA BECAUSE WE MIGHT DROP IT [I'M NOT 5, MIND YOU] SO I ASK, "WELL DO YOU TAKE PHOTOS OF US IN THE CAGE FROM ACROSS THE WAY AT THE SHARK FIN RESTAURANT OR THE AQUARIUM AREA?" AND THEY SAY "NO BC IT WILL INTERFERE WITH THE CUSTOMERS THERE"... I thought this was so unfair because I want pictures and proof that I was in the water with sharks! Meanwhile what was even more disappointing was that people walking through the aquarium were taking tons of photos of us which means other people have photos of us down there, but we don't of ourselves. Unfortunately, we were the only 2 there so its not like a friend could have took them for us. The experience itself was enjoyable. At first, a little nerve-wracking thinking "Can they come in the cage? Can I breathe down here? Am I going to lose air?"  ]They put a 75 lb helmt on your head where no water gets in, which is good for those ladies who dont want their hair to get wet] All in all, a nice experience but if you are going and want your own photos UNDERWATER, bring someone with you to take them! [They do give you a bundle of "before" and "prep" photos on a CD, which I believe is included in the price]
Until yesterday I hadn't been to Sea World in a several years. We arrived at the park around 11am and stayed all day until 10pm because there was so much to see and do. Sea World is a fabulous family themed amusement park. They have definitely made some new additions since the last time I was there like the new ANTARCTICA. In Antarctica they have an innovative ride where you get to glide around as if you are a hockey puck on the ice as you on your way to see all the adorable penguins. YES it is very cold in there so take some advice... Don't go get soaked riding on Atlantis and then immediately head towards Antarctica like we did; Antarctica also contains some nice little shops and a café with decently healthy and affordable food options. A few of my favorite things to do while at Sea World include feeding and petting the stingrays and dolphins, the sea lion show (Seymour & Clyde) , dolphin show, Journey to Atlantis, The Manta, and of course Shamu! We saved the Shamu stadium show for last of the day which was at 9pm and it was a huge production complete with fireworks.  Unfortunately I only had my camera phone which died before the trip was over so I couldn't get pictures of Shamu. Overall I highly recommend Sea World for a fun family day! Each on of us left smiling,happy, and very very tired. Oh one last thing, if you go buy the souvenir cup where you can get .99 refills on fountain drinks and lemonade as well as FREE ice and water all day long! It saved us tons of money and kept us hydrated all day long.
Seaworld rocks - go see the Shamu show!  If you are lucky you will get to see a baby Orca.  I am sad however that the trainers don't get in the water with the animals any more.   We got there early too and got great parking!!  It's a great place! The sting ray pool is my favorite!
We got a deal online for like $50 per person for their 50 anniversary online which I thought was a good deal right? Well we all know there is a parking fee at theme parks nothing new here for reg was $17 and perferred Is $22. The first thing I did was get on manta very fun I actually loved it! We went to journey to Atlantis  we got all the way to the boat and the ride had a problem, soo everyone had to wait then they announced they have no idea how long it's going to take so just come back or you could wait let me remind you it's like 93 degrees humid like your in hell... fans blowing other peoples stink... Yep I think will just come back later, went to eat at spice mill, burger was like 9.29 just the burger fries were 2.99 water was 2.79. So it ran my hubby and I like 30 bucks for or lunch which wouldn't be so bad if it actually tasted good! But go figure the bread was tough like you were eating beef jerky!!! So i would skip this place! Pets ahoy show was my favorite thing we did! The penguins @ wild arctic were cute but be prepared it's the arctic weather!! Ok now let's get back to journey to Atlantis we went back to try a second time, standing in line for 30 mins then we hear they are closing all the rides bc of the lightning! Wow really the storm was not even there yet nor was it raining! They gave my family a quick pass but all the rides are closed besides wild arctic which we went on already! We used out fast pass got out of the heat and rode it again then just left the park at 3 bc there's nothing left to look at or ride since the weather was coming!! Just not what I expected I'm very happy I did not pay full price of like $92.00 per person bc sea world is not worth it
How do I love Sea World?  Let me count the ways. Seriously, if you're wanting an escape from Orlando, and I lived in the area for 11 years, Sea World is the escape.  You don't have to deal with much of the outside nonsense inside the park.  DisneyWorld and Universal get the nonsense. I used to have a Silver Pass and go weekly just to photograph the birds and animals and it was always pleasant and the staff is friendly, though the parking staff looks unhappy always.  I would be unhappy/uncomfortable if I was dealing with drivers. I was a bit shocked that the price was $89 + $5 tax + $14 parking.  That's $108, which is a bit much, whereas my Silver Pass was $5.99 per month but I've been gone four years. Love the park, but I've never eaten the food or drank the drinks.  Shamu will get you wet but they warn you.  Take the plunge!
Let's just say this was a life changing experience.  From the Manatee Rescue to the Shamu show... it is worth every penny. I admit that I am 100% (Kristen-Bell-type-sloth) over emotional when it comes to animals, but the Shamu show brought me to tears.  The instructors started the show with a standing ovation to all the military members and family in the audience - breathtaking.  And even if they couldn't get in the water with the whales - six whales swimming so close to you is remarkable enough!  The lights, the music, the production... it was all perfect. Do NOT miss this park.  I went by myself after work one day and still had the time of my life.
SeaWorld is overrate. The $97 dollars at the gate is too costly for a park that close at 8 p.m. and only have a few shows. We bought a ticket voucher in advance and still had to wait in line for well hour an hour just to get in.  The Shamu show was great as usual but the high performance jet ski show and the Clydesdale horses are gone.  A lot of the shows were cancelled due to heavy rain.  They did offer $10 tickets plus $15 parking to return the next day which I think kind of sucks after you've already spent over $200 plus parking to start with. Must say that I won't be visiting Sea World again anytime soon if ever. Apparently Disney attractions are the way to go for quality and customer service
Sea World is the best theme park in Orlando.  It has a bit of everything for both kids and adults.  Educational exhibits, roller coasters, petting tanks, animal shows, and fine dining.  So much better than the simulated environments at the other Orlando theme parks. C'mon, can a man in a mouse suit bring the same joy that a live dolphin can?
I purchased a Combo Pass to go to Seaworld and Busch Gardens through AAA. I would have to say for the overall price it was an amazing experience. My parents and I went to Seaworld the day before my son turned 3, so we were able to just pay for the 3 adults. My toddler could not have been more prepared for Seaworld. He was amazed by all of the exhibits. I would say that for his age this was an awesome park. We were able to enjoy a Sesame Street show with Elmo, One Ocean, The Dolphin Show and many others. Overall, the park was an experience that I would recommend to anyone that has kids. I also liked that they have a great promotion where if you purchase a souvenir cup they will allow you to get 99 cent refills. This is definitely worth while when you cannot bring anything into the park for snacks and drinks. Seaworld got a solid 5 stars, because my toddler was throughly entertained throughout the day and did not wipe the smile off his face until he was sound asleep in the car.
I took my family hear last summer.  It was the most boring/antiquated "theme park" that I have ever been to.  It started off with the self service ticket machines, which didn't work well, so they staffed it with employees from the park, who were equally confused.  Inside and in general it was a lot of walking and not one single attraction that caught my attention.  I've had more fun at local aquariums.  In my opinion, if you're in the Orlando area and your time is limited then I would not recommend spending it at seaworld, because I personally did not find it exciting whatsoever, especially for the price.
What a great place! It was much larger than I expected. Lots to do for all ages. My mom as well as my 16 month old had a blast with me. The shows were good, rides  are awesome(manta!!!), animals beautiful and even the food was above average for theme park food. The kids area called Shamus Happy Harbor which had lots of rides, games and a splash pad for even toddlers to enjoy. We arrived at 10 am with plans to stay till 2 but ended up staying till it closed!
I love animals and I love SeaWorld. It's been awhile since I've been here and I was surprised at how much has changed since my last visit 5+ years ago. For starters, several great roller coasters along with a bunch of small kiddie rides. The animal exhibits are really well done and the shows are pretty good. The Shamu show is not quite the same now that the trainers are no longer allowed to get in the water with them, and during our visit, there was no "Rock with Shamu" show in the evening. I also thought the pre-show was not as interesting as it used to be, which was much more interactive with the audience. The dolphin show has really changed and I would argue that the dolphins are the smallest part of the show, which now contains birds, divers, and acrobatics. The Clyde and Seamore show is still as silly as its always been, but my kids laughed. And the newest Empire of the Penguin ride is simply awesome. If you choose the more intense ride, it simply means you will bounce and spin more, but it's really not that intense. At the last minute, I decided to sign-up for one of the behind the scene (BTS) tours of the small mammals and that was definitely worth every penny we paid! My one son loves penguins and this BTS tour included a visit to the penguins, where you got to pet one. In addition, we visited the shark tank and petted a baby shark, a visit to the polar bear den where you simply get to view the polar bear (likely sleeping), and a visit to their rescue center where you see some of the animals they are trying to rehabilitate and learn more about their rescue efforts. You do take a bus to each attraction and the whole thing lasts about 90 minutes. Due to a thunderstorm, we got stuck in the polar bear den for an additional 30 minutes, but that gave us the opportunity to see the bear pee and poop in his pool! Our tour guide was very informative and answered all of our questions. A few miscellaneous items: parking was $15 and stroller rental (single) was also $15. Double strollers are available for $25. The Turtle Trek attraction was good, but a bit loud and frightening for our 3-year old. We didn't get to do everything we wanted to, but we certainly enjoyed our one-day visit to SeaWorld and look forward to coming back one day.
I got lucky enough to come at night when it wasn't so humid and the lines for rides were at most a 10 minute wait. I'm glad I came, and can honestly say i felt Sea World Orlando was 'Meh'.. San Diego's Sea World is WAY better!. and bigger too :)  I enjoyed riding on Manta and Kraken though, that was the highlight of my trip.. oh, and seeing fireworks for oh, a great 2 minutes.
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 10/31 HC really wanted to go to Sea World in Orlando since we weren't able to go when we went to California last year.  I decided to purchase tickets online through my Travelocity package and was able to buy one and get a day free. We got there before the parking lot even opened and had to wait in one of the lines at the parking lot kiosks.  We were able to park inside the actual parking lot around 8:45.  After we got our tickets, we were funneled into the area in front of the flamingos.   When the park officially opened, we headed over to Manta first.  It was kind of funny because everyone who rushed to get in line had to get out of line to put their stuff in lockers.  After we put our things in lockers, we got in line for the ride.  It was a pretty short wait.  I think we had to wait for about 10 minutes and we were on the ride.  Awesome roller coaster!  Very smooth and thrilling at the same time! We were off to find the other coaster, Kracken, which was just as exciting as Manta, but not as smooth.  Out of all the rides, I liked Journey to Atlantis the best.  Although I thought the effects were a little cheesy, I loved how they combined a roller coaster with a flume ride.  There were several drops that I didn't expect at all. The shows were okay.  We got to watch the dolphin show, "Pets Ahoy," and Shamu "One World" show.  The dolphin show was cute, but there were more acrobatic acts than anything.  I was expecting to see more with the dolphins.  The pet show was super cute and my favorite show of the day.  The act was cute and I loved the dog driving away in his car.  The Shamu show focused on conservation and the stadium was huge!  There were tons of people in there for the show.  Lots of people in the front got splashed!   The exhibits were neat, but many of them were too crowded and we couldn't get close enough to actually see the animals.  We usually just bypassed the tanks.   Overall, I thought it was a great experience.  We'd probably go back if we were in the area and had a free day.
We pre-bought our tickets, but the check in process took so long. After that things were pretty smooth. The shamu and dolphin shows were very impressive! I had so much fun. :D
YAY! im definitely a fan of this Park! but not the customer service!!! Came here during the Christmas celebration! it was absolutely gorgeous... the Shamu Christmas Show and Fireworks finale was just breathtaking... even brought a tear to my eye. has enjoyable rides and shows for both kids and adults...   downfall: customer service!!!!!!! the staff just dont know what their doing and you will get tossed around and around until u finally find the place ur looking for. ill definitely be back to this park! hopefully next year for christmas again :)
LOVE Sea World! LOVE Manta! I was a little intimidated by manta, I totally thought I would be in pain due to a previous back injury. However, they "flying" really put ZERO pressure on my back. It is by far the best coaster! Get there EARLY! Get there as soon as the parking lot opens, even if you have to wait a few minutes for the park to actually open. You need more than a day to really be able to enjoy everything that this park has to offer. I can't wait to go back!
We have annual passes to here so we try to come up as often as we can. Although they only have 2 main roller coasters, they make up for it wht all the different shows they have going on. Our favorite is the Pets Ahoy show! It's a must see. Also the Dolphin show is awesome too. Since it's summer and will probably start to rain by the afternoon, make sure you get there when the park first opens so you have a chance to ride and see everything.
Who doesn't love SeaWorld? I've been here a few times as a kid, and once on my honeymoon, and it's always a blast. Not quite as fun as SeaWorld San Diego, but close. The dolphin feeding pool is the #1 must-see "attraction" here. Get there early to secure your spot. It's a wonderful experience.
Loved it!! The wife is 10 weeks pregnant, so we had to pick a park that had more to do than ride rides. The shows are great. We showed up at about 2:00pm, and there were Hardly any lines. Easy to get around. Make sure you see shamu and the dolphin show. Also, the shows are in the shade and offer a good resting place. Once the little one gets here we will be taking him back!
Sea world is a really good place to interact with the animals through a hands on experience. The penguin ride was a bit of a let down but was somewhat made up for at the end when you got to see them really close up. The shows are a must see, very entertaining.
Always good to go here. My one complaint is bad signage. They need to do a better job with that, had to ask which way too often. Got bum directions from teo park attendants to find the Kracken roller coaster and to get to Shamu Stadium. Just plant a few more directional signs and we could figure it out. Was bummed the new Arctic adventure wasn't open. Shows were good and it was worth the trip although all the parks have gotten so expensive. Buy the refillable cup and save yourself the cash on hydration. You can also bring in an empty one and pay for refills. Ate at the Tropical Garden buffet on the meal deal. That was a good deal. They have salad bar, pizza and pasta bar, dessert and beverage bar all you can eat. We bought the ticket with meal at AAA and saved $$.
Okay we have been coming for years and this is our first bad experience. The parking prices went up several dollars, the bag checker made us take food back to the car (in the past we only had to worry about straws but snacks were okay), and the easy voucher wasn't so easy. We had to get back in line after signing up (not what the directions on the voucher stated) and go through the bag check again. The lines are short but we are already soured by a bad start. C'mon Seaworld you have a lot of competition and I am really thinking about getting passes to the other parks instead
We just returned from a two day visit to Lakeland and Orlando, FL. We saw the best pet show, Pets Ahoy, that we have ever seen at SeaWorld, Orlando. All the featured animals were rescued from animal shelters! I highly recommend this show. The Blue Horizon dolphin and cirque type show was outstanding also. We also saw the sea lion show, a little hokey but fun. Pat was apprehensive about seeing the Orca show but it turned out to be great fun.  The trainers did not interact with the Orcas in the water.  SeaWorld has been getting some bad press lately but they don't deserve it.  They truly take care of their animals and have rescued thousands of mammals around the world.  I would go back just to see Pets Ahoy.  The food is pricey for the quality that is served.
Being a single girl in my early twenties, I don't think that Sea World appeals much to my demographic.  Be that as it may, it wasn't a terrible experience-- it managed to distract me with some interesting creatures, shows, etc. now and again.  But those diversions were rare and I found myself wishing that I'd spent $75 on something else.   The shows were definitely very energetic and well thought out.  But beware to folks that have seen Cirque Du Soleil and  other similar intricate shows:  you will be disappointed if you only pay attention to the acrobatics of the actors.  Just remember to keep the focus on the sea animals, birds, and other creatures-- because it is an elaborate orchestration that must have really taken a lot of time to perfect. All in all, I think that Seaworld definitely caters more to families, children, and nature lover types.  And since I spent the first ten years of life exposed to the wilderness, nature doesn't really intrigue me.  It was my childhood.  Enough said.
I really do wish Sea World got the same recognition as the other big places. This is such a great theme park. While the big Shamu show has certainly changed since the trainers no longer get in the water with the whales, the rest of the park is fantastic. I have a 4 and 2 year old and they love the kiddie area with all the rides. Most of them don't have a wait, and they are the perfect size! They also have great food, unlike other places that just serve fast food. It can be pricey, but so is any other restaurant in the area. Yay for Sea World!
Great place to visit for 1 or 2 days. Love the "coasters", great Shamu shows and entertainment. Food is ok (but pricey) What a great way to spend a day out seeing all the animals close up. If the weather is nice, it's a great way to get a tan too!
I've been coming to Sea World since I was little, and it's always a blast. I like that they've put more rides in the last couple of years - Journey to Atlantis is pretty good for a water ride. The shows are what they really excel at though. Even though having whales in captivity is a bit of a controversial subject, I always enjoy the Shamu show, and I usually tear up towards the end. I also really like the bird show they have, they let some of them fly around, and it's really a beautiful sight. Come early in the day, check out the shows, and enjoy the wildlife!
We love Sea World.  It is a nice park and has a lot to do. For FL teachers, they have a special deal where you get a free 12 month study pass.  It's a great deal!
SeaWorld it's probably less visited that it's counterpart Disney and Universal but it's as much fun as the others and with really good animal shows. If you love animals this park will be on your top list. Best of all is that they let the animals perform at they desire. I went to one of the shows and for the first time one main animal was just swimming in the pool hanging out without any concerns and as they joked about it they just let that animal go back and brought out the #2. It was nice to see that animals are treated well and that they are cared for.
I visited here on Memorial Day.  The weather was poor with heavy rains so many of the rides were offline until the rains slowed.  During Shamu's show in the afternoon, we sat near the back of the stadium because we didn't want to get wet.  However, the weather had other ideas and soon, horizon rains drenched everyone.  Ponchos must have sold well that day. Other than uncontrollable factors like the weather, this place is very educational for kids.  The dolphins were quite playful while the manta rays tended to rest at the bottom.  Occasionally, an exotic bird will circle your table while you're eating lunch. We stayed till closing time to watch Shamu's rock concert and the fireworks show.  It was worth the wait.
I have visited this park since the 80s, and it still entertains me. Do NOT come here for the rides. I only come here for the animals. It is a great place to see whales, sharks, dolphins, stingrays, etc. If you expect universal studios type entertainment, you will be disappointed. This is a great place to wind down and relax with children. Go during the holiday season to escape the crowds and enjoy a unique atmosphere, or go in the early summer before it heats up too much. If possible, get a two day pass if it's on sale, and spend the first day going to all the shows, and the second day just relaxing by the exhibits and enjoying the shops.
We've visited Orlando 4 times in the last few years, and am booked again for next year :) We visit Seaworld each time, and really enjoy it. The food is delicious, and the shows are fantastic. This is one place suitable for people of any age !! Easy to get to if you are staying on International Drive (using the $1 I-Ride Trolley).
A great day out. We went on the Polar Tour, we saw various animals including penguins. We also got to touch them. We saw the Shamu Adventures Show - if you sit near the front, you can get very wet! and the Blue Horizons Whale and Dolphin Show - both were very good. There was also a Sealion Show. The food places were all very expensive, but this was not unexpected. There was alot more shows here. This meant not as many queues, but we did this easily in one day and left we didn't need to go back.
We thought it was a great park.  I am usually a planner and hubby and I went on a whim after returning from our cruise.  We got there after opening and headed straight to the roller coasters.  All of them are fun!  We played some amusement games and headed to the Shamu stadium for the show. We sat smack in the top middle of the bleachers san soak zone and had a perfect view.  Get there early. The show was amazing!  You have to see it!  We ate at a buffet pizza place and that was the best place to go for your dollar. It is near the Shamu stadium. They also have inside and outside seating.  This park was a hassle free place and I think it helped that we got there early.  Next time, we will bring future kiddos!
Beautiful place to take the kiddies so much to see in this place I been here 2 times and still will continue to go.
This has to be my least favorite amusement park I have been to and I have been to many around the country. I went there during a weekday. Many of the rides were not available.  I felt like Seaworld was trying to milk as much money out of me as possible.  As soon as I entered the park, there was a guy asking to take my picture.  Geez can I have chance to look at the park ? In order to to meet the dolphins you have to pay addition money to the $100 you have already spend. The food was expensive and not all that good. When I went to see the sea lions and dolphins show, there are people trying to sell food and toys. One woman was selling bubble machine and  had bubbles all in my face since I was in the front row. There is a place to buy food for the stingray. SeaWorld wants you to paid money to feed their animals o_0. Most amusement parks have cubbie holes for you to place your bags when you are about to ride a roller coaster. Sea World forces you to buy a locker if you want to ride the roller coasters.  The animals looked sad. All they would do is swin in circles. The ocean is huge and vast and while the fish and dolphins at Sea World are confined to small areas.  I have no intentions returning to any of their parks.
Absolutely Loved Seaworld. Never managed to get on any of the rides - son too little - but that's okay as we really enjoyed all the shows. The Killer Whales were breathtaking. It was worth it just for that!
Just a quick note to say what wonderful memories we have of this park. The shows are lovely as is the nightime display. It was clear the people who worked there loved their work and it came across. Disney maybe losing it's magic but long may Shamu rock the World. Lovely park.
My total favorite place to visit when im in Orlando. The shows are amazing, the Sealion show is brilliant and the mime artist before is comedy genius. Nothing pulls your heart strings like seeing the Shamu show, just prepare to get wet if dare to sit in the splash zone. The play area for children is a great place to chill, take swimming stuff and let your child cool down in the water fountains. A visit to the stables is a must to see the horses and pick up your free beers. Worth the money and more.
For animal lovers you can't beat this park. It is well run, clean and all the animals look happy and well cared for not like some zoos you may visit. They have every type of marine animal on display from dolphins to polar bears. You can feed the dolphins and touch the stingrays which makes for a hands on experience. The Shamu killer whale show is well worth watching, but if you don't want to get wet don't sit in the front rows. They also have some good thrill rides in the form of large roller coasters. If you want to avoid long queues visit during Shamu show time and you don't have to wait at all. They often do tickets whereby you can return for free on the next occasion which makes seaworld very good value for money.
Out with the Disney experience, Seaworld was the highlight of our holiday. If you are going to do it get a two day pass as there is so much to see and do. The live shows were fantastic from Shamu to the sea lion show in fact the mime at the sea lion show was so funny that the kids went back to see him the next day! The dolphins were beautiful and we even got to pet them. One of the first places that you will see is the Ray feeding area. Here you can buy small trays of fish to feed to the masive Rays swimming around the open air pool. You just hold the fish under the water and the ray will glide over your hand and suck up the fish  how cool is that!!! I definitely recommend a two day pass so that you don't rush around and miss everything. Its a fantastic place. If you want scaring out of your wits take the Kraken ride, its a thundering rollercoster full of twist and turns  it was so scary that i had to sit down for 20 minutes afterwards to recover. I recommend taking plenty of water when you visit as it can get very warm although there are some mist sprinklers dotted about the park that you can walk under to cool down.
See the shows, feed the Dolphins and ride Roller coasters all in one day. Enough for the whole family to do all day. The Dolphin show was amazing. Went 4 times in the week and didn't get bored. Found Sharkys restaurant to be expensive but not as good as the price suggests.
Very disappointed.  We will not go back. The price is way too high.  And the lines are too long. Shame.
Love Shamu's happy harbor for the children. This was their first visit and they enjoyed every aspect of it. Petting the sting rays, the Pets Ahoy show is really good, and seeing the whales were the high points. The shark area is really nice and the kids loved those little rides as well as the pirate ship in the happy harbor area. I guess they no longer have a hospitality area there. I didn't see it open anymore nor did I see the Clydesdale's.  The all day dining pass is a good idea. We were there during the bbq and concert time so there were extra tents with food in them. It was a great day. The only bummer was I used the sea world app to retain where I parked my car and IDK how that works because it did not lead me back to it.
I had a few issues with seaworld from an ethical point of view. They had some dolphins that were kept in a very small pool that seemed overcrowded. As an attraction for an international audience I thought it was really bad that they tried to enforce American patriotism. However, if you can get past these issue's then it is a pretty good day out. The shows are spectacular and when else are you going to get so close to an amazing animal like Shamu? It's worth going to.
Love it here. Simply love it. Dont care what the negative people are bombarding the site with. Unless youre truly ignorant to the world and how it works, you understand that a lot of things are not ideal but the good far outweighs the bad. The animals look very well cared for. Both dolphin and orca shows had the animals doing minimal, natural actions, followed by lots of fish treats and a relaxation break while either the othrr animsls took their turn or the humans performed. The P.A. systems are a bit loud. A sound engineer should re-test for aucoustics and allow for the many reflection surfaces amplifying the sound. (Former sound engineer - sorry) Theyve changed the overall way you can interact with the animals by charging for the experience. For those who complain about this charge, I wonder if theyve noticed that we pay more for gas and food too? If it affects us, don't you think it affects all of these amusement and recreation places to? Its a beautiful park, friendly staff, clean bathrooms, affordable food,  and a memorable experience. Go show yourself and your family animals like polar bears. Like so many animals, they'll be extinct in the wild and if it wasnt for places like these, we wouldve have any left. *steps off soap box* :)
Went in March 2010, what a great day. The shows were really good. My 2 kids loved watching the "Believe" show in the Shamu stadium. A very fun filled enjoyable day!!! Well worth a visit..
Shamu is my favorate animal and if they had smaller versions I would have a pet LOL i loved seaworld - I had a buy 1 day get 1 day free ticket so I went two days AAA gave me free meal tickets and I thoroughly enjoyed both meals - had burgers at spice place day 1 and unlimited pizza and pasta the next day Shamu doesnt really do a whole lot after the last trainer demise but its still awesome - they actually have the whale tilikom who killed the trainer do the splash stunt The dolphin and whale show was awesome as the trainers get in the water (bird portion was snooze fest) Alure of the Ocean is a good cirque du soleil kinda show Shark walk thru is like 15 seconds and you are out - the day i went there were no people so I kept walking back thru the walkway LOL but its wicked dark in there
Sea Creatures, Roller Coasters, and the warm Florida sun... what more could I want? Well, how about fixing that whale show? We went the day after Thanksgiving and it was weird. Very, uhm, Christian-centric... which is fine if it were a park built on the bible, but it's not, it's a park built with beer money and it's a show that you go to when you want to see a whale jump 30 feet out of the water and if you're lucky, you get a little splash of the fishy water on the side. The show we saw, was all Christmas this and God that, complete with gospel singers, dancing marine biologists, little children on a giant screen talking about miracles, and everything you'd find in church just short of ending with an Amen. It was creepy. "It was like church with whales in place of Jesus" is what we all concluded at the end... which meant my mother loved it and the rest of us wanted to blow our brains out. The Sea Lion show, which has always been my fave was still a hit. The script was Christmas oriented this time around but it was cute as hell and something I totally would have sat through twice. How can you go wrong with 2 incredibly gifted Sea Lions, an assistant that's a Sea Otter, and a giant pink Walrus for the finale. It was rockin, and totally made me want to bum rush the stage like that chick who nabbed the pope on Christmas day. One last thing I think the SW should work on are their food vendors. It's hard to find them, first of all. I mena, at what theme park have you ever gone to where there wasn't someone at every nook and cranny trying to sell you a churro or something? Just SW Orlando for me. When we did find an eatery the food options were limited, which I expected, but it was also some of the worst food I have ever put into mouth. They were out of my first choice of veggie chili in a sourdough bread bowl... well, actually, they were just out of the bread bowl but could still serve you a small "bowl" (more like a cup) of chili without the bread bowl, for $9. No.Thank.You. I'll take the veggie burger... which was hard as a rock. In fact, you could bang it against your tray and crusted rock particles would break off... but I already picked it so I had to eat it... only took about 11 packets of mustard to get it to not taste like hell. I know amusement park food is no picnic, but it should still be edible. Lastly, the best thing that See World has going for it are the rides. There are only 2 coasters here, the Kraken and the Manta, but they were both the very best rides of all the parks, and that includes Disney, Universal, and Islands of Adventure. We waited till the last hour the park was closing and rode the Manta 3 times since there was virtually no line. It was awesome and none of us could wipe the smiles off our faces, including my Dad. For the Kraken, we went for the latter part of the day and waited in line for what seemed like for ever. Universal really needs to get a better system in order for their lines. When we finally got up we saw it was because the staff was letting many seats go unused- exp 4 people to a row, only 2 people get on and instead of getting the next couple in line who'd like to ride, they just let it go, and you have to wait for another full cycle. Boo! But, once on the ride, it was awesome. I ALMOST want to say it was worth the uber long wait and shoddy line management. Okay, fine! It was totally worth it. This place knows their coasters. All in all, Sea World has been and will continue to be my most fave of all the famed Florida parks.
OMG I FED THE DOLPHINS WITH LITTLE FISHIES!!! AND I TOUCHED THEM!!! they felt like wet rubbery vinyly buggers. oh and ONE OF THEM BIT MY FINGERS TO GET A FISH!!! OMG IT WAS sosoOOOOOOOoooo awesome!!!!!! Pardon me for getting all 8 year old valley girl, but Sea World was a childhood dream come true! There were so many times that I've seen dolphin shows, like at the Baltimore Aquarium, where one little kid gets picked to pet the dolphins... and I always wanted to be that kid. Nevermind that I was too old to be the chosen kid, but I always always always wanted to have a chance to touch a dolphin. So finally... I got to do it! For $7 per person per tray of fish! I had read online that the dolphin feedings only take place at scheduled times that are not published ahead of time, and that the number of people who are allowed to buy the fish and do the feeding is capped at each time slot so that the dolphins don't get overfed. So I kept expectations low, knowing that we might not actually be able to get in and feed them, but fortunately, when we went to check the Dolphin Cove first thing in the morning, they were doing feedings right then! We lined up, got our tray of fish, held them out for the dolphins, and they swam right up to us, mouths open. We pet them, teased them with the fish and got nipped by the blunt teeth too. It was glorious. To top it off, I even got a coupon for a buy-one-tray-o-fish-get-one-free at the sea lions' Pacific Point Preserve -- a savings of $5. But feeding the sea lions was not nearly as fun because you had to throw the fish at them while they honked at you like nobody's business. You could also feed the rays in the Stingray Lagoon for $5/tray of fish, but that involved sticking your hand all the way into fishy smelling water and letting a ray slide over you to suck up the fish. Huge birds stand by the ready, waiting to snatch the fish if they can. Those big white birds scared the bejesus out of me. But I hate birds in general, so... Clearly, for me, the best part was the feeding. Some people get turned off that they have to pay extra to feed the animals, but I think it's awesome they allow us to do it at all, and at $5 or $7 for a tray of fish, it's not a huge ripoff. The shows are probably what every non-8-year-old-valley-girl-dreamer goes to Sea World for. And for good reason... the shows are pretty entertaining and impressive. I had smirked when I read some TripAdvisor reviewers talk about tearing up at the Believe show with the killer whales... but I have to admit, seeing those huge predatory creatures act so adorable and majestic almost made me well up with tears as well. (Yes, laugh, laugh away) The Clyde and Seymour Take Pirate Island show was very cute and funny. Even better was the pirate mime making fun of audience members as they strolled in before the show. For all of these shows, they recommend arriving 45 minutes ahead of show time - and it's not a bad idea to try and arrive at least 30 minutes early. If you try to get in 5 minutes before the show starts, you'll end up at the very top. Also, note that if you sit in the "soak zone" at the Shamu show, you will get completely soaked. The dolphin show and sea lion show was less wet. But I highly recommend bringing a towel and change of clothes. Especially if you plan on riding the Journey to Atlantis, your typical log cabin ride that goes through a dark cave with freaky hologram faces and fake treasures (tell the young ones to close their eyes) and climaxes with a steep drop into a pool of water. I also recommend bringing your own water and snacks. I thought that Sea World didn't allow outside food and drinks, but they DO - Take advantage! Otherwise you'll be shelling out nearly $3 for a bottle of water. As for other attractions, the Shamu's Happy Harbor area had a handful of dizzying rides for kiddies and a splash park. And the Clydesdale Hamlet housed the famous Budweiser horses! One was available for photo-taking and petting at a charge. The Shark Encounter had a pool of small sharks and fish for viewing and the Penguin Encounter had tons of small busy penguins on display behind a thick wall of glass. There were a few attractions we didn't see (like the Pets Ahoy show), but we saw almost everything all in about 9 hours. The longest line we stood in was for the Atlantis thing, about 45 minutes, but all the kiddie lines were less than 10 minutes and the shows involved just sitting around. Note: Military families get free admission, as in all Anheuser Busch parks - that's a savings of $75 per adult and $65 per kid! I think that covers about everything, but really this review could be summed up in my first line! I FED THE DOLPHINS!!!!!!!!!theend.
Good family fun. The dolphin show is a fantastic combination of dolphin tricks, swimming, diving, stunts, Cirque du Soleil style acrobatics, music and animals. It was flashy and wonderful, and sadly makes the signature Shamu show appear like a dwarf in quality. The whale show used to be so incredibly overwhelming, but now is a let down in comparison the the dolphin show.
So this summer was the first time ever I been to a sea world...of cores there's a lot of sea creatures...the downside to this is the lack of rides...this place is very limited to coasters...I love water rides and I was  hoping to get that in sea world...but there was only two water rides and three ruglar adult coasters... The shows here are fantastic...I adored the animals so much...they really amazed me with all the awesome performance...there's about 10-15 shows...I actually saw ten! They were sooo cute! My favorite might be the seals since I saw it twice...really adorable! They have gift shows in every comer...yes I bought bought something! Lol the prices are outrages...expically the food is crazy expensive...when I went it was on and off rain ...half way watching the show it was poring and they canceled the show untie the weather gets better...I was so scared they were going to close the amusement park...thank god it stopped raining...lines were really long expically the new penguin ride...stood in the line for an hour ...parking is 12 bucks and admission is 85 dollars...this is the first ever theme park I actually finished without missing anything..saw all the shows I wanted to see went on all the rides I wanted to go on...I couldn't believe I could do that in a amusement park! Happy I came and get the experience sea world..I felt so accomplished! Check of my list of to dos! :D
Sept. 17, 2010 I took my 11 year old son to Sea World Orlando.  We have been going to Sea World for many years, but had not been since the new ownership.    We arrived around 11:30 am.  I was worried parking would be horrible because we were 2.5 hours after opening.  To my surprise, the parking lot was only 1/3 filled.  Hmm, I thought that was odd but didn't give it a second thought as we hurried towards the gate.  Going in was simple and we noticed Manta in the front, pretty cool looking coaster.  My son is too small for it and doesn't want to ride it anyway, so we keep walking.    We head towards the back of the park for the kids section and on our way you feel a sense of emptiness.  The water spout sections are not working (areas for kids to play in the water shooting up from the ground).  Its hot so I thought that was wrong of them to shut the water off.  We headed toward the big climbing thing in the kids section that has nets and a series of tubes to travel through.  Going through it with my son I noticed areas were blocked off, at first glance you couldn't see why.  After looking closer the padding was coming off.  So, instead of fixing it before opening they just place a barrier across that section.  Very lazy! We attended the shamu show and it was not impressive.  Obviously since the woman was killed, they don't dare get in the water with the whales.  Nothing original and the splashing was lame.  They only splashed a couple areas.    The beer school is gone and that whole area was blocked off.  Now there are pavilions for private parties?  We headed to the dolphins feeding activity and my son said "dad, there isn't much to do here".  It hit me and the amount of money we paid did not justify what we were offered.  Unfortunately I purchased the fun pass, so I will be back just to get my money's worth, but most likely alone as my son wasn't pleased.  He started getting hungry so we stopped at Capt. Petes Eats. Not much to choose from as my son didn't want a giant turkey leg, he settled for the only other option, a hot dog with chips.  He took a bite and said "dad, this hot dog isn't hot".  Hot? It wasnt very warm.  He was hungry and so he just finished it up so we could get back to trying to find something to do.    We fed the sting rays, made reservations to eat with the sharks and continued walking.  The temperature was hot so we decided to get some ice cream.  It looked good as we sat down in the limited number of seats.  We both got vanilla with our own special toppings.  I got cookies, my son got m/m's.  After the first bite we looked at one another and rolled our eyes.  Yes, even the ice cream horrible.  It was white in color but no such flavor.  I know park food is park food.  I understand its not the best, but if you can't make vanilla ice cream, keep a hot dog warm or offer more than a turkey leg, what are you doing?  We finished our frozen watery milk, had enough of the let downs and walked out.
