The Winter Park Sidewalk Art Festival takes place every March, rain or shine, Fri-Sun on the 3rd or 4th weekend (depending on when Easter falls). I've attended yearly in both rain and shine, it's always a nice day and very crowded. If crowds aren't your thing, then shoot to visit on Friday or Sunday morning. If the weather is nice, as it was this year, it will be wonderful mayhem all weekend long. There are artists from all over the county set up in booths winding through Central Park and on Park Ave. Photographers, mixed media, jewelry, paintings, glass, clay or metal, you name it- it is here. There are also food vendors in a main area and a few drink and treat vendors tucked throughout the artist booths. Year after year, there is always something that catches my eye, I can see why this art fest is one of the largest and best in the Southeast.
This is a fun event. The weather is great to be outside. The artists are local and national and you will see some very unique things on display. The town does a very good job with this event and there will be a big crowd joining you. Food and entertainment are everywhere.
I love Art Festivals! Was visiting a dear friend and knew right away we had to stop in! This was pretty awesome: plenty of vendors, great ice cream and festival food options (sausages/hot dogs), kettle corn, hand made pizzas, ice-cream dipped and coated with sprinkles, the works)! I tried a strawberry, orange and basil popsicle which was very refreshing! Great location and great vendors and artwork!
This is the best sidewalk arts festival in the area. I always try to go. It's held in March every year.
This is a great place to check out some good art.  There is everything here from jewelry, to paintings, to sculptures.  Also, there is plenty of tasty food truck/carts.  Thankfully this show is in the early spring so it's not too hot.
Such a wonder festival to be exposed to culture and the area art community.  A little pricey, but we go just to look anyway as do, I think, most people.
weather for this years festival was fantastic. farmers market was what i went for and there wasnt one because of the festival. people who attend the festival seem really nice. crowd was all ages and there was plenty of different places to eat and shop. so much of the artwork was displayed nicely and it really takes an entire day to see it all. winter park is the only place that knows how to do an art festival....no joking. music was fantastic and parking was at a premium but all $$ went to good causes.
