I haven't had the opportunity to go a ballet in years so I was super stoked to be offered the opportunity to see The Vampires Ball. What a fantastic way to be reintroduced to the ballet experience. I absolutely loved it! I was seated in the front row and able to see everything perfectly. The dancers were all so talented. One even played the piano for a few of the dances as well as danced. The story being told through music and dance was so vivid. It was if someone was reading the story to you verbally. The set and a costumes were extremely well thought out as well. Everything was just perfect. Again, I loved it! If given the opportunity I would gladly go see another performance put on by the Orlando Ballet.
Went here with 3 toddlers 5 and under and saw beauty and the beast in 3D. They have character(s) that come out on stage prior to the movie and welcome you. the kids seemed to enjoy wearing the 3D glasses while watching the film. The theatre only shows disney movies and is kid friendly stroller parking, booster seats, etc great way to pass the time while cruising Hollywood Blvd.
Beautifully inspiring.  I saw Vampire's Ball with much  hesitation.   I think of vampires as dark, and dreary, and depressing-- not light, entertaining, or delightful. I wondered how this show would come together leaving the audience feeling good. My concerns were unfounded as the show was exceptionally done, and ended with me on my feet dancing in a fantastic mood!  How did that happen? Costuming. Modern Music. Exceptional talent. Comedy. . . It just worked. Very clever and lovely.   I wish I could somehow transport myself back in time and somehow start training in dance at the age of 3.  Is it too late for me? That's  a hypothetical question. Props to Robert Hill for such a unique concept.  Well done!
The Orlando Ballet productions are always amazing! I saw Romeo & Juliet last night and you could have heard a pin drop in the Bob Carr because the audience was SI riveted by the end. Robert Hill's vision bring a new take on ballet and I really enjoy their performances.
I have lived in Orlando for 11 years and just today (Vampire's Ball) was my first trip to the Orlando Ballet... shame on me. What a fabulous production, this may have been my first trip but it is definitely not my last. Thanks to Yelp's Culture Club, I was introduced to such an amazing company and fabulous Artistic Director, Robert Hill. He went above and beyond what is expected of a ballet performance with Vampire's Ball. I was intrigued from the first moment and couldn't wait till the closing curtain so see each element of this awesome show. The dancers were incredible. The 3 kids who played a small roll literally made my jaw drop with their skills. The costumes, the music, the set... literally everything was awesome, well beyond what I was expecting. I love that Robert Hill stepped out of the ballet "norm" and delivered such a dramatic, funny and entertaining show. Also... They have classes! Classes for all. orlandoballet.org/school… I am entertaining the idea of checking out the Intro to Ballet class as I have always wanted to learn. I can't wait to see another production!
Never had a chance to experience a ballet so when Yelp offered from the Culture Club I had to jump at the new experience to watch the Vampire Ballet. Being that this was my first time I had no idea what to expect. The stage was smokey and gloomy kinda resembled Halloween Horror Nights, especially when the vampire popped out to make the grand entrance on the piano. Although this was creepy in a way he made it seem so elegant. Once the other Vampires came out on stage I immediately noticed the way they were dancing was so captivating and mesmerizing. The makeup, wardrobe was completely on point for everyone on stage. Especially the vampiress's, she was a gloomy beauty throughout the whole show her toe point was flawless, it looked like she was gliding across the stage. All the dancers were expressive to the point that they didn't need to talk for you to understand the story line. They painted out the story line with their amazing dance moves. Overall a very enjoyable show, I will be back for the Nutcracker in Dec!
I went to see Orlando Ballet's production of Carmen. I'm more of a Magic fan than a ballet girl but I still really enjoy the ballet. I've never seen a ballet in NYC so I really don't have anything to compare the performance to. I thought the dancers were amazing :) There were some really cute little dancers who stole the show. At times the older dancers were memorizing. The thing that ruined this whole experience was that the music was on a cd and it didn't even feel like the music was in surround sound. I've seen lots of other live dance performance and the music is usually live. I got the tickets on discount (I think from Living Social). If I got a deal like that I would go see the ballet again. But I don't think I'll ever pay full price for a place where the music is on a cd.
I just went to see Orlando Ballet's production of "Vampire's Ball" tonight, courtesy of Yelp's Culture Club!  It was incredible!  I really didn't know what to expect... I had some preconceptions about what a ballet is like, so I expected the traditional, stuffy, and conservative type.  Boy, was I in for a surprise... Vampire's Ball was a fun, modern, and hilarious production!  The music was unique and the dancers were great.  I mean how can you not like a ballet that includes "Lovesong" by Adele?  OH and there were dancing zombies!  I mean, it doesn't get more entertaining than that. The performance ended with all the dancers coming on stage and saying goodbye with an awesome rendition of the dance from "Thriller."  All in all, it was a great performance and I'm looking forward to seeing another Orlando Ballet production again soon.
I went to the Vampire Ballet with eager anticipation, unlike others I wasn't there to enjoy the unveiling of the architecture of the building but rather to see how a Vampire ballet can be developed into a fun artistic and well articulate expression through dance and movements. I was electrified by  the choices of  music, the bright costumes, the glitter, the makeup. I was elated when they played Adele and interpret that song fabulously. The level of talent for a small market like Orlando is amazing, the up and coming new talents in our own backyard is amazingly portrayed by 3 fabulous children. The battle between good and evil is portrayed from both set that you can have good and bad in everything. This was a delightful way to spend the night with my daughter enjoying a great nite. I am looking forward to the Nutcracker :) Maggie
I attended the Orlando Ballet's performance of "The Nutcracker" today, and have been on a holiday high ever since! This was my first time seeing this company, and after seeing many performances of The Nutcracker by everything from local community productions to tours from the Moscow Ballet, I had high expectations. First, my dislikes: The main thing I had a problem with was some of the artistic liberties and interpretations on some of the pieces. Maybe I'm too much of a purist, but a group of characters shaking their butts at the audience, and a wayward and crazy elderly couple breakdancing during the party scene all for comic relief wasn't my cup of tea-others seemed to like it, so maybe it's just me. In addition, I felt that a lot of the choreography was far to repetitive. It seemed like every group sequence involved dancing diagonally across the stage in a specific motion, then turning and doing the same thing the opposite way-I felt that way more could be done. And my big thing...the snowflakes throwing glitter all over the stage? Seemed like little more than simple "crowd-pleasing" glitz and glamour. Now on to the good: First off, there is some absolutely fantastic talent in this company-plain and simple...and that is what I came to see. Watching the members of the company perform was at time mesmerizing-especially the Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavileer. Second, the costumes were beautiful-making the entire experience visually dazzling in every aspect. Finally, it's no secret to anyone that I'm not a big fan of the Bob Carr, but for some reason the acoustics from the recorded track seemed very crisp...maybe I was just in the spirit of everything, but the music sounded so crisp at times. All in all, a wonderful performance! The talent of this humble company shines, and makes for a memorable and enjoyable afternoon. I will be sure to catch another performance from the Orlando Ballet, and can't wait to see them again!
I was thrilled at the opportunity to go see the Orlando Ballet.  It had been too long since my last visit to one, and since I had yet seen a production from the Orlando Ballet I was eager to see what they had to offer. I had never been to the Bob Carr for Performing Arts Center and upon arrival I was disappointed.  Clearly this is an outdated auditorium.  I see why they started construction on the Dr. P. Phillips Orlando Performing Arts Center.  I find that atmosphere can add (or take away) to the experience and I look forward to when the ballet moves to its new home. I also thought it was a bit tacky that you could bring drinks or food to your seat.  This is a ballet, not a Saturday night out at the movies.  If you really want to drink during a show, head over to the Abbey.   We find our way up to our seats, granted they were free thanks to Yelp but the view is blocked.  I cannot imagine that they even offer these corner seats for a show.  By now my elation is dwindling.  Then I look below and start to wonder where the orchestra is; ugh there is none. While the performance is going on I tell myself not to compare this production to ballets I have seen in other cities.  This is a much smaller company that does not have the same financial backing that bigger cities receive. I realize the Vampire's Ball is a modern piece, but I was confused by the story line.  I really did not understand what the story was about?  Rather than try to comprehend what was going on, I decided to focus on each different performance for what it was rather than looking at it as a whole.  While I did miss a live orchestra I enjoyed a number of the musical selections and thought it was clever how they were worked into the show. The highlights of the Vampire's Ball included amazing performances by The Vampiress, The Children and The Virtuoso Nephew.  The costumes were beautiful and perfect for a Ball.  The show was original, and a number of the scenes including Invites Forth the Undead & The Dungeon were clever and a delight to watch.   It's fair to say I went in with high expectations.  A few of those were not met, but all in all it was a pleasant night and I did enjoy myself.  I'm all about the whole package and when some of it's not working it impacts the entire experience.  My husband on the other hand was not as critical as I.  He enjoyed the performance and was not bothered by some of the issues I had . I'm thankful to have an opportunity to see performing arts in this city, and now that I know what to expect I look forward to watching upcoming performances by the Orlando Ballet.
We are so lucky to have such an amazing ballet company here in Orlando! The "Orlando Ballet" performs several times throughout the year. And tickets can be purchased at several different price levels. Right now the show that is storming up the stage is "The Vampire Ball" a hot, sexy time at the ballet. This is sure to be an Orlando staple for each Halloween season. If you get a chance to see a show, go check it out!
Wonderful choreography and dancers!!! Shows are terrific. Don't like classical ballet? Try one of their contemporary ballet productions like the upcoming Hollywood en Pointe Feb 15-16, 2013. You won't believe what a great show Orlando Ballet puts on. One of the upcoming new pieces is previewed on vimeo. Ticket prices are very reasonable. You won't be disappointed. A great date night. I don't work for the ballet I am just a big fan. vimeo.com/57686372
I've attended the Orlando Ballet three times starting with their annual Battle of the Sexes, then the Vampire's Ball, then Swans: Black & White. Needless to say after attending such creative and fabulous productions I'm a fan. Located in the Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre near I-4 in downtown Orlando, the Orlando Ballet is one of Orlando's gems. You may order tickets in advance online or through the box office located outside the theater. Tickets start at $15. As a college student who doesn't have much extra spending money but still enjoys going to cultural events, I love how the Orlando Ballet offers student rush tickets an hour before show time for $10 if you present a valid student ID. In the lobby before the show starts you will see people of all ages dressed down in jeans to dressed up for a night on the town. The productions themselves are gorgeous with props and costumes that add to the story without distracting from the dancers and their hypnotizing movements. I like how the company offers unique shows putting their own spin on well-known stories with oftentimes modern music. The theater ushers are extremely helpful as well. In the three times that I have been to the Orlando Ballet, I haven't heard one person around me say that they haven't enjoyed the show. I've been in parties of two to eight people and everyone that I have attended with has said that they would like to return for another production. There is a bar located on the first level of the Bob Carr and restaurants are within driving distance (there is a restaurant located across the street in the Marriott Hotel). Options for parking include several nearby garages (I think it was $8) or valet parking at the Marriott. I also recommend connecting with the company on Facebook as they offer a behind the scenes look and run contests as well, I won free tickets to the Vampire's Ball and they were great seats! They also offer a family series with child friendly shows. Looking forward to the 2012-2013 season with shows such as The Vampire's Ball, The Nutcracker, and Hollywood en Pointe.
Took my daughter to the family series of The Nutcracker and the Nutcracker Tea afterwards. The perfomance was fantatsic!! The dancers were flawless and the length of the performance was perfect for small children. The Tea however was an utter disappointment. A cupcake and a cup of tea was it. It's advertised as a "proper tea" however a true tea service has a variety of items such as finger sandwiches, quiches, etc. It looks like a heavy snack or a light lunch. I will go back next year for the performance but my advice is skip the tea - make a donation instead.
Vampires Ball is returning this year, so buy your tickets early for a spectacular show!  Also, per the complaint that the music isn't live, from what I understand, The Nutcracker and Carmina Burana will be danced to live music.  Yay!
Went to see Vampire's Ball and had an enjoyable time.  As billed, this was a modern piece, with camp and contemporary elements as opposed to being boring and staid.  Some of it worked, some less so.  Basically the story (from my eyes and seat) is a take off of Frankenstein, Dracula and Eyes Wide Shut (or any other media piece with an overly long masquerade party).  Without giving things away, the story could have used some more narration.  Things were a little confusing at times and since they used some narration already in very limited spots (and in the program) I don't think that's an unreasonable request.  The female vampire lead was AMAZING...She was creepy, elegant, strong-the epitome of what I was expecting to see.  The male vampire was much less so.  He was more suited to perform Sweet Transvestite than to carry the whole load here.  He was good in spots but uneven overall.  The innocent couple was strong, the mad scientist and his clones were very good but uneven at times.  There was a group of 3 children who had an integral, slightly confusing role who were all stunning.  Their athleticism and excitement literally stole the show.  Overall, Vampire's Ball was a great time.  I was happy to enjoy the performance for what it was but I had a lot of questions coming home in the car.  A stronger company might have ironed out the rough edges, a better theater might have provided better amenities but on the whole the Orlando Ballet is worth the time and effort if you can find fairly priced tickets.
