My idea of The Perfect Saturday is sitting at home watching indie or foreign flicks. This is why, sometimes, I like to think The Enzian was built specifically for me. I am an admitted movie snob. I can recite "Harold and Maude" line by line and my favorite films are in languages I can't understand, so I tend to avoid Regal Cinema like the plague. The Enzian is a movie house for people who have taste. Enzian is amazing because it's like the private viewing room of the rich uncle you wish you had instead of the deadbeat one who hasn't called since 1988. It's a large room filled with tables and, in the very front, couches. A wait staff walks around taking orders, and they have a pretty good selection of draught and bottled beers. Ordering, receiving food, paying, and signing the slip can be a little distracting, but you should be able to cope if you're a corporate slug who's used to multi-tasking. Foreign and indie films are the norm here, although they do show cult classics and occasionally have outdoor viewings of mainstream gems like "Revenge of the Nerds." I have yet to attend an outdoor show because only suckers get eaten alive by mosquitos, but to each their own. Because only movie lovers come here, the audience is respectful and quiet. You know that fist fight you almost had at the AMC with the couple behind you who would not shut up? They don't even know The Enzian exists. This is a very good thing. I saw the Scandinavian gem "Troll Hunter" here a few weeks ago and it was so poorly attended and quiet that it felt like my living room. Food is a tad expensive which is why I tend to stick with the adequate but not extravagant truffle fries. I also come for the Milk Stout. Candy isn't sold here so I don't see why it would be problematic to sneak a bag of Swedish Fish in. When I'm in my cubicle every day, I fantasize about cutting out early, going to the Enzian, lying down on MY couch, shoveling fries in my mouth, and being engrossed in a movie few people know about. This is my screening room, but you're invited.
It's the movies!! For some reason, movie theaters have the BEST air conditioning no matter what season you're in.  (Crazy, right!?!) I mean, seriously, I always bring a sweater with me when I go to the movies! I'm the lady with the overstuffed purse where the doorman thinks I'm sneaking in snacks, only to find out that I'm just really, really thin blooded. (Such a disappointing, "almost" bust) I love the Enzian theater and their selection of flicks they choose to show. In addition, who else serves kettle korn at their theater?? Anyone?? No one?? No??? Yep, didn't think so!! :) And when I'm not in the mood for kettle korn and root beer, I opt for their trio appetizer plate with a nice glass of red wine. (Because, some movies call for a sophisticated snack) ;) Some of the other things I appreciate is that you can become a member of their organization by purchasing a memberhsip, offering you discounts on movies and events. During the summertime they also offer a film camp for children, where children learn the various aspects of making a film. They actually make a film and have a day where they present it to their families. (FUN!!!)
It's like a secret, VIP, indie theater....for everyone! I love the facelift they gave their patio which is now Eden Bar and is decorated with a quiet fountain and plenty of Christmas lights. It's got a tasteful, intimate, romantic feel to it and is a perfect place for a drink before a film. The Enzian shows a delightfully eclectic genre of movies in a comfortable environment. I will say the theater itself feels a bit dated and a faint whiff of mustiness is evident in the air but that adds a bit of charm as well. They also regularly show "cult classics" and free movies "on the lawn" so there's definitely something for everyone and unlike most mainstream films at the big theater; at $10 a ticket, it's actually worth the price!
Look, I'm sure you've been to a better dinner theater. I know there are better ones out there. The service is lacking at times. The food is greasy. The bathroom is dated. The furniture upholstery is scratchy. However this is Orlando and The Enzian is an institution. I've been coming here since 1986 and nothing about it has changed, really changed, since then. That's what I like about it. Now, there are lots of things they could be doing better and faster and tastier, but that's not why I go to The Enzian. I go there for the movie and for the novelty of drinking a pitcher of beer while watching a flick that I will probably never see on the big screen again. I go there to sit at my favorite table where I held hands with my first boyfriend, drank beers with my best friend, and was served food prepared by dreamy Michael McRaney from Braille Closet. (Sigh...) Actually, I go to The Enzian because when I walk in the door, I am sixteen/eighteen/twenty-one. It's my own private time machine. Now, if they would only show Mannequin.
This is going to be a short review.  I've been going to the Enzian for over 10 years now.  It's never been my favorite place to go for a movie, but it's always been a terrific place to see an art house movie that you're not going to see elsewhere.  Basically, even though it could be better it's all that we have here in Orlando.  And it's not bad. The point of this review is the food.  The Enzian used to have honest food for honest people.  You could order nachos and you'd get nachos.  You order nachos now and you get a small handful of chips (made out of wontons or something) with three pretentious sauces to dip them in.  You used to order a burger and you'd get a burger.  Now you pay a premium for wagyu beef.  In fact, nearly half their menu now consists of items containing Wagyu beef.  Look, I have nothing wrong with Wagyu beef at all.  I've had it, I like it, it's a luxury when it's cooked correctly.  But, in my opinion, this head chef they have there now is obsessed with the stuff and is using it in applications that drive up the cost to movie goers without really adding much value. When it comes down to it, when you go to the Enzian and order food, you know you're not going to get it right away.  You're going to get it half way through the movie.  You can't appreciate and rarely care about the fancy presentation they're trying to do with many items because you're busy watching the movie.  The Wagyu beef is a lost cause.  So many of the items on the menu are just overly pretentious now.  I'm not sure if this is to try and pull in more of Winter Parks elite.  Maybe Winter Parks elite actually requested a more upscale menu, I'm not sure.  All I know is that me and most of my friends have gone from going there to eat dinner and watch a movie to going there and not ordering anything. The new menu isn't bad.  The chef there knows how to make food that tastes good.  It's just not worth the reduced portions/increased cost.  By all means go there and see a terrific movie and support your local art house theater, but I highly recommend eating before hand unless you have money to burn or a date to impress. The theater is a solid 4/5....the menu, 2/5.  Come on, a Wagyu hotdog for $10 at a theater.  Get real.
The Enzian Theater is a locally owned business that has been a key player in creating and furthering Orlando's art scene over the years. Whether you love watching the latest art house/independent/foreign films or great throw back/classics- the Enzian offers a great venue to head out for a movie. All this for a ticket price lower than the cost of heading to your big cinemaplex and with a lot more character. Plus, yummy food and festive adult beverages brought to your table. If you get a chance to hit the Florida Film Festival, please do. While it's fun to buy a pass and hit as many movies as you can, attend the well organized events and soak up some film fest glam- just getting the chance to hit a single movie that would not normally be playing in our area is a treat. If that isn't your thing, then grab some friends or the kids and head to Central Park in Winter Park for one of the Enzian's monthly Popcorn Flicks, which are free.   My latest visit to the Enzian had me enjoying crab cake sliders (very tasty!) with a side salad (yum!) , my friend enjoyed the Chicken Avocado Sandwich with the Tomato Basil soup (she loved both) while we viewed Hyde Park on the Hudson. (Awesome movie!) We arrived 15 minutes prior to showtime to a packed house and were happy to grab a table in the back of the theater before the last few available seats were taken. We had no problems viewing the screen, hearing the movie or getting great service. A wonderful time, as always.
This place strictly rocks. An encounter with the Enzian theater will make you feel like you struck gold. Whether you are just coming by for the first time or an ongoing fan of this place it just never bores out. There is always something new at the Enzian. Whether it's independent film or classic throwback movies you will find it here. Check out their website enzian.org/film/whats_pl… and you will find various independent films played on selective nights. Maybe you will get lucky enough to find a cult classic for $5, or check out their must respected film slams on Sundays. The Enzian does alot to promote talent and film appreciation in the community. Once a year the Florida Film Festival will be hosted here and that is a must see. This place is more than an average movie theater it brings an awareness for films that do not receive "hollywood hype treatment," and that is why a handful of these reviewers gave 5 stars up. Going here next week to see Blue Valentine, should be great!
We saw A Single Man at Enzian Theatre on January 20, 2010. The movie was good -- a bit intense and morose, but good. We ordered cocktails at the Eden Bar first. The bartender was extremely nice & friendly. I recommend the Mana-Tea, a blend of Firefly sweet tea vodka & lemonade. It was great. In the theater, we ordered Bento box nachos, steak tacos and a margherita pizza. All were fantastic. I wasn't a huge fan of the tortillas used for the tacos, but they were loved by the other three in my group. My only complaint is the slow service, but the servers were all friendly and helpful. Great night out for a date or with friends!
I love it. From the bar outside to the comfy seats inside, they have a good thing going on here. I came with some friends to watch a movie I'd never heard of and loved it, and then returned two weeks later for the mother's day brunch with my mom. It was the best time I'd ever had with her. They had an awesome buffet, mimosas and played The Sound of Music. I love that you can order food and have a (good) beer while you watch a film. Great place to bring friends, family, anyone really.
You can definately count me as a fan of this cool little theater.  On any given night, you can catch indie, foreign, cult classic movies and more here.  Plus they have a full food and bar menu to enjoy during the movie! I showed up to one of their free outdoor summer movies (enjoyed the 90's horror classic "Scream") and had a great  time.  We set up our own beach chairs on the front lawn (others brought blankets). The only downside was their new patio area called Eden Bar.  It was extremely crowded with only two bartenders on hand.  We tried to grab a few drinks before the show, but gave up after about 15 minutes of waiting.  They did have some very unique beers on tap, I just wish we had the chance to try them.   Overall, this is the perfect place to find that movie you keep hearing about but can't find it playing at any of the big chain movie theaters.  Check it out!
It's like a theater for grown folks. Love it!  Cozy, comfy feel of a theater with a meal.  I did not have any food, but there are other reviews for that.   I love the outdoor bar and seating; I think it would be perfect on a gorgeous night.  The landscaping is quite nice, and there are outside heaters for the chill.   Mmmmmm. . .can not wait to go again!
With tons of independent and classic films playing, amazing food, and comfortable atmosphere (who wouldn't want to chill in chairs, recliners, and love seats to watch movies?), The Enzian is definitely one of my favorite places to go. My absolute favorite thing to order is the hummus (soooo good) or the pizzas! And if you have a sweet tooth, definitely go for the chocolate chip cookies! The Enzian is definitely a great experience and a must!
Great Oscars viewing party and excellent place to enjoy the whole night. Red carpet previews with cocktails at Eden bar and dinner in theater while viewing the live Oscars broadcast. Guests cast Oscar ballots and the guest with most correct categories will win an evening for two at the Enzian. Special events at the Enzian highly recommended.
When ever there is a conversation about Orlando's Arts and Culture, the Enzian is always mentioned and it's no surprise that it is. It is one of if not the best Independant theater in Orlando. I've seen plenty of amazing movies here from Requiem for a Dream, Memento, Super size me, every single Jim Jarmush film(coffee and cigarettes, broken flowers, etc), Neil Gaimen's Mirror mask, and most recently 500 days of summer. If the independent flicks aren't your thing they also play 5 dollar cult classics like the breakfast club, Ferris Buellers day off, and upcoming Mall rats. The theater itself contains comfy couches up from, dining areas around and in the back. The servers are pleasant and are very good about knowing how to take an Order without interrupting the movie. Always attentive. The burger I had there was great and their pitchers of beer aren't a bad price. If your sick of the touristy movie theaters and looking for something a bit different and more original go to the Enzian.
I LOVE the idea and what the Enzian offers this city. A completely different kind of movie experience. The special screening of cult classics and other indi films is awesome. I enjoy going to their Halloween event also.  They serve beer/wine and food also while in the theater. SCORE. Do i know how the food tastes other than the fries, which were very seasoned and delicious, NO. Did i have trouble eating the fries i stole while wearing Vampire fangs, YES. Will i ever take out my fangs for the fact its impossible to eat food wearing them? NEVER. You must commit to your costume, or else you are a failure. Fun groups of people and the best drink deals ever!  The only thing i had a problem with, and why i downgraded them from a 5 to a 4 is their haunted swamp trail.  It used to be free, then it was 5 bucks, now its 10-15....and it really wasn't even worth a SINGLE BANKNOTE, i don't even think i'd wait in the line if they offered it for free.   Staff is friendly, the movies on the lawn are great. and....thats that! Do it.
Just visited for the first time and it was a fun experience.  Thanks Debopam and Ratna for a lovely evening.  Our party of eight met at the outside bar before the movie.  We heard the Enzian was remodeled and, indeed, it was clean and comfortable.   The menu offered some fun and some basic selections including crab cake sandwich, pizza, burger, chicken fingers, etc., and the prices are reasonable.  If you order the french fries, pay the extra $2 to have the truffle salt and parmesan shavings on top.  It takes those basic frozen spuds and makes them yummy. Service is my only complaint.  I'm not sure how two tables (four of us at each table) with the same server had drinks and food show up so far apart.  We requested separate checks (per couple), but that didn't happen.  When we put our credit cards on the tray that held one check, the server appeared confused and didn't remember that we wanted separate checks.
Been going here for years and years....Always a fun place to go for off the wall, cult ,Indy, foreign and fun movies.... Bar none, the best around for this! But the wait staff in the theatre the past few times I have been is really slacking, bad, bigtime and making the reason why we go in the first place to enjoy dinner and a movie, the reason why we havent been coming back as often!   They used to have great service! The past few times we have been, They take the initial order before the movie, bring the food, then bring the check! Period! Not asking is everything ok, did you need anything else, no refills, nothing but the check. And by then, the movie is ending, food is either cold or eaten. And you dont want to go chasing the waitress for several reasons...you dont want to miss the movie yourself nor do you want to bother anyone else walking over to find the wait staff! If the management is reading this, id really love to see the wait staff maybe do a mid-way thru the movie checks, see if we need refills, salt/condiments, dessert, napkins, silverware we never got to begin with, more wine or water...it would certainly up the bill for the establishment and up the tip for the wait staff, nver got the opportunity, only frustration. The people at the tables next to us experienced the same frustration on a few different occasions we went. And the hot tea, over 3.00 for a half a small tea cup, 4 swallows, and by the time you ask for sugar or cream, its cold, no refills of hot water ....seriously, few things need attention! Past few times have really, really, really slacked, reason we didnt renew our membership or gone as often to enjoy the food portion which we used to love to do.... But again , best place for Movies otherwise! Looking forward to going back soon and hopfully updating this rating
Awesome plantation-style building converted into an independent, non-profit(?) movie draft house. I love the plethora or trees hovering over and around this plot of land. This is one of the few places where you can drink a beer or glass of wine, and enjoy some pretty good actual FOOD while watching an independent movie. The menu items rotate/get swapped out on a regular basis. They would typically serve small pizzas, hummus plates, burgers, and lot's of appetizers. Seating is very comfortable (padded, swivel chairs), and the tables you sit at are staggered, so most anywhere you are will give you a good view of the screen. You can become a member ($$) which gives you rights to special screenings and the ability to reserve tables ahead of the crowd. I would like to see more screens, so there isn't just one movie playing. But the building is cool enough that I let that slide...
Wow. I have to ask myself... how have I never reviewed this place? I've been coming here ever since I moved to Orlando. In the beginning, I loved it so much, I vowed to make it back for every movie! It was a magical experience. I'd never been to such a place. I got to watch quality, independent film on fancy little couches. And can even order some good food. Sadly, work and school got in the way of seeing everything, but I made it back here and there, always enjoying the experience from start to finish. If you could only come once per year - make it for the film festival. And see as many films as you can. But if you can see only one, go for the shorts! You'll have your own mini-festival in a couple of hours. Then you'll even get to vote and have a hand in the outcome of starving young artists (maybe some aren't starving or old, but hey, that's the stereotype that you'll have in your head, right?).  And visit the Yelp tent. Say hi to Colleen and have a seat on an inflatable couch in the lap of luxury. The other fifty weeks of the year, come anyway! Grab yourself a couch, and snuggle up with your honey! I always, always get a couch. It's just not a night at the Enzian if I'm not on the couch. In fact, I met my lovely lady and had my first romance... number 126 on the reservation chart, was it? Insert heart here. The Eden bar is outside, so come early and have a drink. You can look it up here separately and learn more about it (I don't visit enough for a full review - just yet). Then carry it inside. Yep, you can order a beer, or a bottle of wine and really enjoy the movie like you would at home (if you had a fifty foot screen, that is). They have a decent selection, but I've seen items on the menu not be available (beers) - oh well, it happens. I'm more likely to get food myself. I have a weakness for the good ol' chicken finger plate. It's enough food to share if you're not too hungry. It's what you'd expect, nothing too fancy. Food prices are quite reasonable, and it's almost all good. The only thing that I can ever remember not enjoying was a wrap. But wraps are boring! What was I thinking anyway? For me, especially back in the day making little cash, I feel super good spending it at Enzian. They're a non-profit. They bring wonderful film to the masses. They do free films in the park and every Wednesday on their lawn with an inflatable screen (spend the cash you save on the ticket at the Eden bar just steps away). I love the opportunity to see classics on the big screen. Back in film school, I never thought I'd be able to see 2001: A Space Odyssey on the big screen. Thank you Enzian - you made it happen! If you've got the money, become a member! You're giving to a beautiful, wonderful, fantastic cause, and you get sweet perks! Save a few bucks with the cheaper options and get free popcorn (really cheap with a student discount), but spend a little more to get table reservation rights and free admission for two to every film! $500 a year, and you have the rights to bring whoever you like - your honey, your friend that you haven't seen in years, each and every pal - to see any film, any day of the week. And impress them that you have the best seat in the house reserved! I'm a lucky, lucky man to have this (the Benefactor level). I come and see every film, sometimes twice. Even once, that's one hell of a steal - like $5 per ticket. Be a big spender and be thrifty at the same time. You can't lose! :) If you've never been by... wow. How did that happen? It's the gem of Orlando. If I moved away, I'd probably miss it the most. And visit it every time I came back - no doubt. I heart the Enzian (it's actually just Enzian, but I didn't know that for years, and old habits die hard). It just feels like home. :)
The Enzian is, in my opinion, the best place for film in Florida. I wish the theaters here in Chicago were this nice! Every time I come home, this is one of the places I have to visit. The film selection is probably always going to be something great, and the food, although pricy, is fantastic. Also, the employees are the best! One of the defining spots of Orlando, the Enzian is top notch.
I've been to the Enzian several times, and I think they've got a great thing going. Part of what makes it so great is the Eden bar and food items. It's wonderful to just grab a drink and maybe a bite to eat while waiting for your film to start, or you can eat while watching the film plus you've got all the nice plants and flowers that are arranged around the seats in such a manner that really gives you that cozy "let's forget about the movie and stay out here" kinda feel. If you acquire membership you get discounts on your movie tickets, build up points to where you get free food items, and the occasional free movie ticket, AND you get to reserve table's that are front and center of the theatre. I don't know that there are many other places in Central Florida that show independent films, Regal Cinema in Winter Park Village will occasionally show some but Enzian has a better selection, plus they do classic films on Saturday for $5 and some Wednesday evenings they do the free outdoor showings.Whether you're alone, or having date night, this place is great either way. Be aware however that the uniqueness that the Enzian offers comes at a price in comparison to your average down-the-street theatre. Now I know that a lot of the items on there are free-range and organic or whatever, but if I'm not mistaken; the cheapest thing you can get there is popcorn ($4small/$6large). So if you plan to eat there plus watch a film, you're looking at spending an average of about $30 not including tip per person.
Great independent theater.  They show plenty of cult classics along with new indie films. The seating is wonderful and intimate.  Tables, couches, recliners.  Plus, no matter where you sit you'll have a great view of the screen. They have a menu for food and drinks, and serve you right at your table while you watch a movie.  They even serve alcohol :P And just recently they have added the Eden Bar right outside the theater - I haven't tried their service yet but apparently they, too, serve food.  Seems like a great little hangout to grab a couple of drinks before your film starts. Although it's few and far between visits to the Enzian, whenever I do go, I always seem to enjoy myself.  You get a movie experience that you just can't get at a Regal Cinema or similar theater.
I really want to compliment Enzian on the fabulous customer service my brother and I received last weekend. We were meeting up with friends for a Saturday morning showing of "The Secret of Kells." Unfortunately, the tickets we were using were only valid Sunday-Thursday. They let us go into the theater to verify that our friends weren't already seated (they weren't) and so then we just waited outside to let them know we would just see the movie on Sunday (we wanted to use the tickets as they were expiring soon). Anyway, 5-10mins later,  the ticket cashier saw us sitting on the deck  and we explained we were still waiting on friends, but we would come back to see the movie tomorrow instead. The guy then looked at our tickets, probably saw the expiry date and said," Ok,  I understand you are meeting friends and so I am going to let you in." This was great and so we went into the theatre, and a few minutes later, saw our friends arrive as well. I just think the actions of that ticket cashier really saved our morning plans because we had a wonderful time catching up with them. But the customer service didn't just stop there. We ended up staying on and chatting for a bit after the movie and one of the servers who was cleaning up the table didn't realize we were still eating the popcorn. I sort of was like, it's okay, it doesn't matter but she was like, no just come with me and gave us a new medium container of popcorn - it was just unbelievable and made such a difference to how we felt after we left. It was just a great great day and I thank Enzian for their great customer service - I am heading there again tonight to meet up with friends to see Mic-Macs :)
I wish I could give separate ratings for the food, minus five, and the seating/movies, plus four. I was so looking forward to the food after reading the menu online. The names are right, the ingredients are right, but the food itself is so, so wrong!! Frozen pizza crust, barely warm, rubbery. Frozen french fries, cold, soggy, greasy. Roast beef, gristly, stringy. Just don't order anything you think is going to be something you'll enjoy as a treat, because it's not. Maybe stick with popcorn and beer. Our seat was fine. Yes all the good seats were reserved, but that's the system. If it's important to you, join. Parking was no problem for the first show, but when we came out it looked impossible for the second show. Several near accidents trying to get out while desperate movie goers tried to get in.
I think the Enzian is a great business to have in central Florida. It's not the best of the genre, but it easily won over my dinner theater lovin' heart. They show a decent selection of films. The rotation could use a quicker freshening cycle for frequent movie patrons, or perhaps more old or cult movie options. If you're a member, your experience here will be markedly better as you get to reserve a table for the movie and show up when you like. Jockeying for a seat after standing in line can be a crap shoot. The service during the movie itself could be much better. Egads! Would it kill the wait staff to check in and ask if you'd like to order anything else? They drop the food off and are MIA until it's time for the check as the movie is wrapping up. What if I we wanted dessert or a refill of a glass of water? The full bar outside is a welcome addition serving up decently mixed cocktails, and unless completely swamped, at a pretty speedy clip. I usually just order two drinks at once if it's busy. There's a significant remodel planned for the near future that has me nervous. Personally, I think it's a mistake to veer away from the comfy lounge vibe, but maybe that's not meshing well with the chain restaurant crowd. The update will also be expanding the seating capacity of the theater, again, not so sure about that since they can't seem to handle the load now. In recent months, they've also 'overhauled' the menu... the food has gotten worse. It's tasting like what happens when the switch to frozen and prepared foods is made, and less is made on premises. Bad vibes. I want them to be so much better, to succeed, to be awesome! But instead I feel like I'm witnessing a slow decline. Their last press announcement was in October. Where's the marketing team? Where's the public relations? Community outreach? Bueller? Step it up. (please?)
I love this theatre. With lots of different viewing options, it's a great place to go see that foreign or festival film you heard about but can't find anywhere else. The only downside is the audience.  Some people can't handle the relaxed seating and atmosphere.  Noise sometimes ensues. P.S. Their food and drink is a little expensive.
I won't bore everyone with details but I will tell you facts.. If you plan on attending your best bet is to walk because parking is absolutely ridiculous the one parking space you may be lucky enough to find is across the street, hopefully you don't miss the beginning of the movie. If you're there to watch a movie good luck the loud patrons at the bar make it almost difficult to hear (they are literally within ear shot of movie watchers). Don't go inside to use the restroom the poor design of this place smells of burnt food as ventilation probably isn't up to code. Bar staff are nothing but rude, management well I can see why the bar staff behave the way they do as they take after the poor behavior of a "manager".  It was my first time here and I assure you it will be my last.
I can't believe I haven't written a review of the Enzian before now... I absolutely LOVE this place! I am a huge movie buff, so I love going to see the independent and foreign movies that don't get a wide release. I love the Florida Film Festival. I love the Cult Classics. (I've still never been to a movie in the park, but I'm sure I'd love that, too.) Comfy chairs, yummy food, yummy drinks, large selection of wine and beer (and cider for Colleen B!!)... I just think this is a really great, unique spot. A true gem in Orlando! I am always happy when I'm at the Enzian!!!
A truly unique movie theater, the only one of its kind in Central Florida. They play unusual movies, indie films, and old classics alike, so there's always something new to see. There's also the benefit of being able to order dinner and drinks at the table, while watching the movie. And the food is scrumptious! Even though people are eating in the theater, it's layed out very well, I've never had a problem seeing the screen from where I'm seated, and the waitstaff are very discreet while the movie is playing. Order your tickets online before you get there, and you'll never have to worry about coming face to face with the dreaded Sold Out sign.
If anywhere in Orlando reminds me of San Francisco it is this place.  FINALLY, a place that is up to par with the culture and 'to-do's of San Francisco!  (can you tell I'm a bit of a San Fran snob, sorry)  Come early, enjoy the drink specials at the outdoor bar before heading into the theatre.   Order your entire meal as soon as the server gets to you, as it takes a while for the food, but no worries, you will be so engrossed in the flick that you won't even realize you have been waiting.  Be sure to get the Wonton Nachos.  The best part is that they have a lot of 'healthy' food and tasty eats as well.  Full bar outside, pretty good wine list inside.   I give this place my vote for awesome first date place!
I love the Enzian for its support of films as art.  It's a nonprofit, its the home of many festivals including the Florida Film Festival.   You can get dinner with your film, which is cool. Except that they serve during the film, which can be distracting. But in the end, they are supporting independent cinema in a creative and kinda classy way.  Often its the only outlet in the area where you can find some great, cutting-edge films.
I love me some Enzian!  Every time I go here I have a great time!  The movies are fun and classic and I have never had a bad seat.  What is even better is being able to have food and cocktails while enjoying these flicks.  It makes me feel like I am at home watching movies.  The only thing I wish I could do was stop the film so I could use the restroom.... Anyway, the new bar outside is a great place to meet with friends and then end up on the grass watching one of their outdoor movies.  We saw SpaceBalls the other night and it was like sitting outside with friends having a good old time.   The Florida Film Festival is one of the best events each year and I look forward to checking out all the new and classic films and shorts.   My only challange is parking... I just wish they had more of it! Go... enjoy... make merry!
So when it comes down to it, the Enzian Theater is awesome. And not really even just because they are a unique place offering a unique opportunity--the chance to get dinner and a movie all in one place. No, on top of that, they really only show newly released independent films that the majority of megaplexes always seem to bypass OR classic films that anyone would love to be able to watch again on the big screen. In both respects, I feel this makes the Enzian a win. The theater itself has a comfy, old-Hollywood feel to it...although the fact that it has tables and chairs rather than stadium seating does detract from that a little. However, I feel like the opportunity to have food and drinks delivered to your table throughout the movie certainly makes up for that. Whether you have a taste for craft beers, burgers, or a glass of fine wine--the Enzian really has it all. Even popcorn, if you'd rather go with a more traditional movie snack. What's more, if you walk just outside of the Enzian, you will find the Eden bar. Eden is great to hit up either before or after a movie just to relax outside and enjoy the Florida weather (the bar area is covered, but there is a lovely patio area with tables and chairs off to the side of the bar). Which brings me to the one negative of going to see a show at the Enzian--that realistically you should arrive at the theater a solid 45 minutes before the show starts.. Why? Well, from a numerical perspective there are less seats because of the room the tables take up in the theater. Also the best seats in the house are actually reserved for donating members which basically means that even if you arrive super early, you still can't get the best seat in the house :-/ The Enzian is also great if you're looking for something different to do on a week night thanks to their Wednesday night pitcher show, What this involves is watching a classic film on an inflatable screen set up on the lawn in front of the theater. The showing is free, and there are drink specials as well as jello shot trivia all night long! All in all, I love the Enzian and wish that there were more theaters like it in big cities around the country.
I've always appreciated this little indie theater in my hood.  It's a great alternative to the Winter Park Village "teen hangout" Regal Cinemas (although, no complaints about WP Village on Tuesdays as they give free popcorn for us Regal club card holder people).  Anyways, the last time I was at the Enzian I was introducing my little sis to the theater.  We had a wonderful time seeing the Wednesday afternoon matinee of Miss Petigrew Lives for a Day.  We showed up a little late, and I think that it was the first week the movie came out, so we were stuck in the back.  No biggie though.  The server still came over to see if we wanted anything.  We were absolutely starving so we ordered chicken nachos.  Great stuff, but I swear the prices went up!  Great selection of beers too.  I believe that I was able to order an Alagash White at the time (bottle).   The Enzian also offers a Student Discount and watching a movie here is definitely cheaper than WP Village.  You don't have to fight for parking here (where as parking SUCKS at the WP Village on any given night or weekend).   Anyways, this is a fantastic place to go with your friends or your honey for a bottle of wine, organic food (new items on the menu), beers or chicken nachos.   Oh, and to watch a movie : )
I've been going to the Enzian for years now, and I want to continue, but the number of jerks in the audience has been increasing with every new movie. Several people just talk through the entire movie, and when asked to stop the just continue, and others texting away. If the Enzian doesn't do something to fix this soon I won't be returning.
The Enzian is a great little theater.  I recently was there for FilmSlam, a film festival for local filmmakers to show their work.   It is a great place to order food and drinks while watching movies and the setting is very comfortable with the chairs and tables used for the seating. I think it's great what they do for the local film community and watching a film there is as enjoyable as ever.  This is a definite two thumbs up!
Strictly reviewing the food here, went yesterday. Ordered the Duck sandwich, this was not good, it was mostly bread, don't order this. Tried the steak sandwich, it was very good, slightly fatty, the bad thing is it still had a lot of tendon in it, it was nearly impossible to bite through. Had a few pieces of the Italian sausage and basil pizza, it was decent.
I can't believe I haven't written a review on one of my favorite places! Shame on me!  I've been going here for more than 3 years and it never ceases to amaze. This independent theater offers 3 or 4 different movies each month that you've probably never heard of but ones that you definitely need to see.  They also offer throwback movies on Tuesdays sometimes (The Running Man, The Goonies, etc).  During Halloween they also offer some of the best horror flicks (ZOMBIES! WOO!) Along with great movies, they offer gourmet-like food (a little pricey) with a full bar . I love to imbibe on some libations while watching fantastic cinema masterpieces.  :)  Some of my favorite foods to order: hummus, grilled cheese and soup, and the potato pizza.  Yes, it sounds weird but it's delicious! I've brought a few dates here, but I'm some times hard pressed to find friends to join me.  "The movie has subtitles? I don't like to read my movies!"... LAME.  Some of the best movies I've seen are foreign, but I digress. Also, I recommend getting there a little early - not only to get good seats but to have a few drinks at the Eden bar.  It's an outside bar area with tables covered by trees.  Very relaxing and a great setting. If you visit a lot, getting a membership is well worth it (cheapest is $50) ... discounted tickets!
I enjoy that there's a theater in the Orlando area that shows independent, foreign, and otherwise limited release films instead of the usual blockbusters. All my experiences here have been positive, though I felt like the volume was a bit too loud when I went to see Moonlight Kingdom today. I haven't had that issue before at the Enzian. Granted, I'm sensitive to sound, but still. Also, they have organic teas from Dandelion (sp?) Cafe now, but for some reason weren't serving any tea this afternoon. I don't know if they can't/won't serve tea for afternoon showings (as opposed to those in the evening), but I wish our server had worded it in a way other than, "We can't serve tea right now." Ummm. Okay. That's perfectly okay if it's policy, but can you please word it differently next time? I don't think she appreciated my sister and I only ordering water, but oh well. I like the Enzian, not entirely sure about the vibe sometimes (it's a bit too hipster-esque for me) and not totally pleased with the service, but I enjoy going and look forward to seeing what movies they have. I also don't order food because it seems overpriced. I stick with my tea when I can have it. Maybe they didn't like it the last time I stuck my pinkies out while drinking.
Incredible layout with couches and tables, wait staff, social atmosphere, and friendly vibe!  My husband and I accidentally found Enzian on yelp.com when we were looking for a close movie theater- we did not expect it to be such a unique, fun place. To give you an idea of how fun your night could be at Enzian: 1. Buy your tickets in advance  (they sell out), come with a group. 2. Sit at the bar outside the box office and have some cocktails.   3. Then go inside to find a seat (they're all great)- some seat 2, 4, 6, and some individual seats at the front. 4. Order some delicious munchies from the wait-staff- they have a full menu and serve wine, beer, the works.  Socialize with friends and other friendly movie-goers. 5. Sit back and enjoy the movie! Hands down the best movie theater I have ever been to!
I have been to this type of theatre before but Enzian executed this very well. The space is beautiful and I wish we had time for a drink at the Eden Bar before the movie. Instead, we found a plush couch inside and decided to order a pitcher of beer and a pizza. Both came fairly quickly and the pizza was by no means gourmet but I was still happy to be served pizza and beer while watching the movie! I will definitely come back here next time I'm in the area.
The best theater in the Orlando area. There are so many great things about the Enzian, that I don't even know where to begin. There's the amazing choices of films. There's the delicious cookies, cakes, appetizers, pizzas, and sandwiches. There's the selections of beers and wine. There's the beautiful decor, and the comfy pink couches. Most of all there's the feeling of community. Every month they usually have at least one classic movie that only costs $5 to see. This is my favorite time to go.
Rad little place. Would have liked to loiter and grab a drink before the show. Seemed like a cool, little outdoor bar. Got standby tickets from a nice lady waiting in line. Went to see a few of the Sundance Shorts. Very cool venue. They serve food and drinks, including what looked like a decent, fair-priced wine list. Not sure if they have designated seating for foodies while watching. If not that would be nice. Other than that, very fun atmosphere and experience. Cheers!
It's unfortunate that the Enzian only has one screen... that's part of the charm and fun of it, that you have to wait in anticipation for that indie movie you've been reading about for the last four months is FINALLY on the ONE SCREEN in the Orlando area who'll actually dare to play it. All the same, it'd be great if there was more of a choice, or perhaps, if some movies didn't have but a 7 day run because there's such a push to be able to screen the NEXT cool indie flick. At any rate, the choices in films is discerning, and going to the Enzian is always a rather nice treat. The food's great, and the novelty of drinking and eating during a movie, outweighs the occasional annoyance of the waitstaff being perhaps too loud.
Ok...straight off...I've never really liked this place. It has always been too big for it's incredibly trendy britches. However, I do always try if I am in town to make it to their animation festivals and every so often they have a good documentary or something I will wander in to see. The food is decent but nothing you can't get at most pubs around town for a bit less money. Over all, this place survives because it's only vague competition is a more family friendly beer and a movie type place over in Winter Park. Nothing to go out of the way for but every so often they will surprise you.
This place is pretty cool. So many theaters have become big corporate behemoths that only show whatever will bring in the most people. Nice to see a theater showing other great movies as well. But lets get something straight from the get-go, Alamo Drafthouse this is not. Oh it wants to be. It would never admit it for it's far too pretentious, but you know it crys itself to sleep at night wishing it was as cool as the almighty Drafthouse chain. That said, I dig the place. I think I would have liked it even more if I hadn't just a few days prior, been to an Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, TX. My only real complaint is that to get a good seat, you need to be a member and call ahead. You might get lucky and score a good seat if they aren't already reserved and you get there way early, but if it's a popular movie you're seeing, one that is only getting shown once, the type of showing that makes this theater so valuable, then you really do need to be a member and that's not cheap. If you are a member than you've got it made. They have good food and drink, everyone is friendly, and if you want to get hammered there's even a bar outside that looked quite nice. I didn't have time to sit and enjoy the warm evening and partake of some fine beverage but I'm going to make sure to allow some extra minutes next time. Enzian also does movies in the park, film festivals, and God knows what else. Lots of cool stuff so check out their site or you'll miss out.
I have been to the Enzian a handful of times in the past year and it's rather been a mixed bag of experiences, but right off the bat, it's mere existence warrants it 4 stars. A few points already mentioned but worth reiterating: 1. Buy your ticket early.  With some movies it probably doesn't matter much, but when we went to see Moonrise Kingdom, for example, the line snaked down the steps and around the building.  And that was just to let people in the door.  I am fairly certain tickets had already been sold out for days.  We didn't have that problem with oh, say, Melancholia, or Hausu. 2. Get there early enough to find some parking!  On a slower night, the parking situation is more than sufficient, but last year during the film fest when the Enzian did a free screening of Monty Python and the Holy Grail - the lot was full and so was the adjacent street...and this was when we arrived a full hour ahead of time.  Keep in mind the popularity of the film and err on the side of caution.  We eventually gave up that night and went elsewhere. 3. Forget the Eden bar drink menu listed online.  It's outdated.  Or, at least it was when we were last there, maybe 4 months ago.  We had perused the cocktails ahead  of time out of curiosity, and intrigued, we ordered a few later that evening.  3 out of 3 times the bartender's reply was "oh, well, we don't offer that anymore". 4. Speaking of the bar - when it is super busy, just forget about being served.  My sister and I sat at the bar a full 20 minutes that evening without receiving our drinks.  The bartenders (there were 2) caught our eyes a few times and seemed like they were bringing them over, but then never did.  And this was after we'd already tried to order 3 drinks that didn't even exist.  Finally, she brought us the drinks we ordered and apologized profusely and refused to charge us for them, due to the wait.  Which was very nice and I was not expecting at all.  I don't blame the bartenders, but be forewarned...the bar gets really, REALLY busy. I can't really speak to the food, as I have not eaten much there.  My sister tells me that the popcorn is usually burnt, but I have never had it.  On another occasion we ordered some hummus that never arrived.  I did try the truffle fries once, and I suppose they were decent, but at that time I'd never had truffled anything and so could not make a proper comparison.  I have since remedied that and can say that while it's a sufficient attempt, I have had better.  I'd really like to try a few more things on the menu though, so I will hold out some hope. I guess after reading over this it does not seem like a very positive review, but that's not the spirit in which it is intended.  It's a really great place, the movie selection is marvelous (seriously - where else would I have been able to see Hausu locally?  No where, that's where) and it's fantastic too that they offer all the free movies on the lawn. Speaking of free movies on the lawn, a pet peeve.  If an establishment offers a free service to you, take advantage of the fact that they are selling refreshments to recoup some of their monies.  Or don't, I guess.  But DON'T pack a 5-course picnic including a bottle of wine in your backpack and blatantly dine with your group while watching Halloween on the lawn.  I thought that was really rude - both to the Enzian and to the fellow movie watchers who were disrupted by their picnic sprawl.  Pro-tip: Don't shit all over folks who are doing something nice for their customers!   Also: personal space!  Respect it!  Don't sit on top of me!
I love the Enzian and can't wait to go back, so I want to share some tips on how to get the most out of your experience there. The movie selection is always great, whether it's documentaries or blockbuster hits or independant films, they are choosy and they choose well. Make sure to arrive about an hour ahead of time for several reasons: 1) Parking - you want to be able to get a good spot 2) Tickets - popular movies WILL sell out, so I recommend buying your tickets online ahead of time 3) Drink Prices - a glass of red wine will cost you $3 at the Eden Bar outside under the most beautiful patio seating I've seen in Orlando. The same glass of red wine will cost you - get this - $11 if you order it inside the theater. Word to the wallet-wise: pre-drink or post-drink at the Eden Bar, and use your $$ on the delicious Enzian food instead. 4) Seating - members get reserved seating so if you're a regular customer, you have to hunt for a seat. Even if you end up in the back-back row with what looks like salvaged library furniture, it's actually still a pretty decent view. On the menu, they have a good variety of vegetarian options including a delicious portabello mushroom sandwich (you can have mac-n-cheese as a side!), also veggie wraps & pizzas. I can't wait to go back here for a fun date night because it made such an impression.
So, does everyone know about this place, or what? We have been meaning to check out a film here for almost two years and even went so far to hang out at Eden Bar a few months ago (never made it into the movie, though). We finally made it out for a Sunday evening showing of Cyrus (good movie, though I might have been disappointed had we seen it in a regular theater). I was STUNNED at how huge & beautiful the actual theater is! There are 3 levels of seating with the option of 4, 3, and 2 tops, comfy sofa-lounges, and a few rows of standard 'movie theater seats'. There is unobstusive table service throughout the movie with a FULL menu of light & sharable offerings and alcohol choices along with the standard soft drinks. We shared some beer, a meatloaf sandwich, and the potato pizza (all were good, but nothing to scream about). The prices were pretty much exactly what they should be for this non-profit; $10 standard admission ($8 with student ID) and the salad, pizza, sandwiches were $9-$14. Our total bill (inc. tickets for 2, a pitcher of soda, a pitcher of beer, soup/sandwich, and a pizza) was $50. $62 with tip. That's right, a date night for 2 people which included a movie in a FANTASTIC setting, drinks, and the perfect amount of dinner plus delicious drinks, $62! Divide these things up among a bar, restaurant, and then a movie theater, you would probably be talking TWICE that! Another gem in Orlando that I hope gets the business it deserves; but not TOO much, we like our privacy;)
Great venue to see classic movies, indie gems and shorts. They have great food and super friendly staff and service as well. I highly recommend this place. I even sprang for a membership this year to make sure I get some quality film viewing in this year.
Just the fact that it's a unique concept is worth 3 stars in itself. Add to that the indie flicks that they show and the delicious food that they serve and you've got yourself a complete dinner-and-a-movie experience. It might get a little distracting having people constantly walking around to take orders, serve, make sure everything's okay, take payments, etc., but you get used to it and as long as you don't let it get to you, you'll have a blast. Sitting in the back of the theater can get a little troublesome and you might end up having to sit on the back of your chair instead because of all the heads in front of you blocking the screen. So just be careful of that. For food, I've only tried their pizza and sorbet, and both extremely delicious. They recently added a bar just outside the theater and it's a good place to just hang out before or after a movie.
Enzian has the best taste in independent films. I often turn to them for a comfort in indie movies. Apart from that, the theater has a very unique setting. Cosy seats accompanied by a table which allows you to order drinks, food and popcorns from the menu. It brings in a mood of socializing, enjoying a meal and movie all at once. Really enjoy their occasion mini celebrations during Halloween, film festivals and themed movies week.
The Enzian has quickly become one of my favorite, if not my favorite, movie theater. Every visit has become an experience of cinema and food. I've seen three films here thus far and have always been ready to come back for more. Nestled away in a patch of huge oak trees off of SR 17-92 in Maitland, Enzian is any moviegoers dream. Much of their film repertoire consists of independent and/or foreign films, all of which are hand picked to be played there so you know they'll be good. The Enzian also offers classic and cult movie nights each week either in their theatre house or out on the lawn.  Check out their website for what's playing now: enzian.org. The special charm of the Enzian is the fact that you can be served a full meal, beer, and wine throughout your film. The waitstaff makes it a priority to ensure they don't interrupt the experience for you and they do a very good job at it. My favorite meal here is their grilled fontina cheese sandwich with a tasty Left Hand Milk Stout. This place is a movie lover's dream. Enjoy the show!
The Enzian truly is a hidden gem in Orlando.  And if you're into movies, it's a must see.  It's a lovely facility where you can enjoy a varied menu from edamame to pizza to sandwiches and salads, as well as wine and beer, at table-like settings with lots of elbow room and space.  Their seating is tiered to three levels, so there's not a bad seat in the house.   They also have a fairly new outdoor bar that serves lunch, too.  Even if you're not into seeing a movie, it's a nice place to unwind, meet up for a drink, etc. The facility itself is in a beautiful park-like setting in Maitland where they show free outdoor movies. .
Attended the showing of "Nightmare on Elm St" on the lawn here. Stopped at the Eden Bar for dinner first and it couldn't have been better.  Went with a simple grilled cheese and took advantage of the yuengling special.  The waitress was very attentive and very sweet, offering all sorts of information about how their movie nights work. Seeing the movie on the lawn was fun.  And minus the cigarette smoke, it would have been a solid 5 star review.  Not sure how to regulate that sort of thing, but in such close proximity to everyone, its kind of a courtesy not to have that. But it also may have been that particular night, it WAS a free movie, and it was one where a different crowd would have frequented it, as opposed to an indie film.  Since I love both, definitely going to return, because I'm in love with this place already.
Love this place and their oddball movies. On my first visit I watched all of the Oscar-nominated live action shorts! Where else can you do that? Not like a regular movie theater; they've got comfy couches, chairs, round tables, the works. People will wait on you while you're enjoying your movie, too. My only issue is that the food is pretty expensive, and when my pizza arrived, it was burnt. Might have just been a bad night, though. I'd definitely go back.
So what can one do in Orlando on a rainy Sunday afternoon? There is always a movie to go to, especially with it being summer. All the blockbusters are released. And then there are the little known, independent films, like Frances Ha. And the theater currently screening this film is the Enzian. I have been in love with this place ever since I saw The Talking Heads: Stop Making Sense here. Anyway, I decided to stop in this past Sunday to watch a movie and have a bite to eat. It was busy! I guess everyone had the same idea. After I bought my ticket, I headed over to Eden Bar, which is the patio bar on Enzian property. One thing I like about the Eden Bar is that they allow you to take your beverages with you into the theater. The theater opens a half hour before showtime, and with the film showing at 4:00 p.m., I just made it in time to order a beer and take it into the cinema. For draft beer, Eden has 16-ounce and 20-ounce glasses. I ordered a Sam Adams seasonal ($7) in the 20-ounce. They also have a full bar for cocktails and wine. One thing I do not like about the Enzian is after you purchase tickets, you are made to stand outside in a line around the building. Keep in mind, this was a rainy afternoon. And being central Florida, it is also hot and humid this time of year. As the rain started to fall, the doors opened, causing a mad dash to the lobby. Once inside, it is time to select a table. There are tables for parties of four or more, and then there are tables for two in the back of the theater. Careful selecting, since Enzian allows members to reserve tables in advance. A full-menu is available along with the traditional bucket of popcorn. Enzian features salads, appetizers, sandwiches, and pizza. I ordered the chicken fingers and french fries, which came with honey mustard and ketchup for dipping ($10). When ordering food, be prepared to wait. And wait. It seems like the wait service takes a long time, but they want to make sure that the order is right. And by the way, how many times have you been out to eat and there is that one person having difficulty with the menu? It is reading a menu, not instructions with assembly required! The wait staff try to do their best. It is not often that I get to watch a movie here. But I do try to make an effort a few times a year. I have never had a problem with the food, the theater and the bathrooms are always clean, and the landscaping outside makes this hands down one of the most beautiful entertainment venues in the Orlando area. As for Frances Ha, it was an enjoyable movie. Quirky, but that is what Enzian has to offer. Independent films, foreign films, cult classics. And I like that.
The Enzian is the Independent Cinema in greater Orlando, as it screens the best of foreign and independent films that no other theater would dare to screen. It offers food and drinks which you can comfortably enjoy whilst sitting on couches and chairs. The place has a great vibe to it and makes an excellent setting for a first date, especially if you want to show the more cultured side of you. I love coming to this place to catch good foreign films which you will rarely find playing anywhere else. The theater offers membership which comes with its priveleges. It is also home to the Florida Film Festival and other similar festivals.
The Enzian Theater combines two of my favorite things:  fancy/independent films and glorious food.  Oh, and I guess having a glass of wine or two to top the night off doesn't hurt, either.  The first time I visited the Enzian was to see "Little Miss Sunshine" (this was before it's wider release, and Enzian was the only place around that had it).   The Enzian is not too pricey, and has some tasty flatbreads, among other things.  They also feature a great selection of beer and wine.  But what makes the Enzian Theater truly great is the films that are shown on it's screen.  You just don't get these movies in theaters around Orlando.  Generally you have to wait until it comes out on video, but the Enzian notices the great flicks as they are released.  If you are a movie fan or just looking for a great date night, visit the Enzian.
The Enzian is a must for all movie lovers. If there's an independent or foreign film that you want to see, chances are it will be playing at the Enzian at some point. The Enzian also has frequent showings of "cult classics" and frequent film festivals. What make the Enzian stand out is the fact that you can order food and drinks while watching a movie. The theater itself is full of dining tables and comfy chairs. Servers start taking orders prior to the start of the movie! They have a decent variety of menu items to choose from. I usually go for one of the pizzas (perfect for sharing)! There's a good selection of wine and beers as well. Outside is the Eden Bar (which will be reviewed on it's own) where you can grab a drink before and/or after the movie too! Certain movies that gain good word of mouth buzz may require purchasing tickets in advance. I would suggest calling ahead and also getting there early in case there's a line to get in...otherwise you may get a table towards the back.  Overall, the Enzian is one of Orlando's best options for a night out!
We are so lucky to have a theatre like the Enzian here in Orlando. I have been there 3 times since I relocated here a few months ago and have had mostly positive experiences there. The actual theatre, while unusual, has good quality projection and sound. Some of the furniture in the theatre is showing it's age though. My partner and I sat on one of the love seats on the lower level last night and it was like sitting on an empty burlap sack. After about an hour I was squirming around trying to find a comfortable position (I didn't). I realize we're all there for the movie, but with the prices of the food and beer I'm thinking there needs to be some additional attention placed on the food quality and service. We got to the Enzian about an hour and a half before the show time because we wanted to have dinner in the Eden Bar. Service was adequate (not overly friendly) and food was good. I had the Turkey Burger and my partner had the Grilled Cheese, but it was pricey $42 for two sandwiches and a small pitcher. Once inside and seated in the theatre, the server came over to take our order. We hadn't had a chance to decide so I asked him to give us a second and we'd order. He never came back. We sat around watching servers buzz around our table (I'm sitting there with a sad puppy dog face looking at each of them), but nobody paid us any attention. By 5 minutes before show time I just got up and walked over to the server who originally approached us and asked him to get us some beers and popcorn. I asked for a small pitcher and a large pop corn (light on the butter). About 20 minutes later we got the small pitcher and a SMALL pop corn that was loaded in butter. I ate it, but my tummy wasn't happy. I'm still giving the Enzian 4 stars just because, but some attention needs to be paid to the details. For the two of us we spent $42 at Eden bar, $20 on tickets and another $20 for the beer and crappy pop corn. Probably won't spend that kind of money again if they don't do a better job with food quality and service. Just sayin'.
The Enzian has its pros and its cons, but overall it carves out its own special niche in Orlando movie-going. Beyond offering films that no corporate movie theatre chain would dare show, the Enzian offers food and drink service during each show.  The prices are no more than what you would pay at another movie theatre (for movie tickets) or a casual restaurant (food).  Also, the theatre is charming, and if you're outgoing enough, you could easily meet someone new at each viewing who is passionate about great film. Things that stink:  I don't know if the Enzian gets "rights" to certain movies, but there will be many indie films that don't make it to nearby Regal Winter Park Village because they are on the Enzian schedule, like, six weeks from now.  Also, the food isn't all that great (sorry, other Yelpers), and since this theatre is the epicenter of the Florida Film Festival, there's a good chance you won't be able to get tickets to a show because it is smaller than the stadium-style theatres we're used to today. Overall, though, the Enzian's charm and mission as a non-profit organization keep me going back week after week. Enzian Theatre is located on South Orlando Avenue in Maitland across from Buca di Beppo and First Watch.
Really nice experience, went there a couple of months ago.  Very confortable seats, the waitress was very friendly, i order a bottle of wine it was really nice, the food wasn't that pleasant, i acutually couldn't finish my sandwich it was really bad...   Awesome place,  my food was bad, but my friend had a pizza and she said it was good. I'll go there again.
Three stars because the idea is one whose time has come, but is not yet realized across the US... otherwise, it would be a two-star place to eat and perhaps a two-star place to drink.  The fact that they show a movie while you drink and nibble on nachos at tables is the extra star.  As a movie theater, ehh... you'd probably have a better time in someone's living room. -C
I would give Enzian 2 sets of 5 gold stars if I could.   Go, you'll love it.   If you dont, you can't be trusted.
If I wanted to have a mediocre dinner out somewhere in a crowded noisy establishment with poor service, it would not have been at a movie theatre. On top of it, watching the movie was murder. My neck hurt from craning around a table sideways to view the screen, the viewers noise level made it difficult to hear the soundtrack, and the servers were often walking in front of the screen or talking nearby. It felt kind of 'sticky' as well (not terribly clean). Saw 'Nebraska' in a supposedly similar art theatre in Charlotte, NC. What a difference in quality. So, it can be done correctly. It just isn't here. Sadly, my first visit to the  Enzian will be my last.
I was thoroughly dissapointed in this theater. My spouse and I decided to see 12 Years here for our first Independent theater experience. We purchased our tickets in advance after waiting for an Orlando showing for weeks. Upon arrival at the theater 45 minutes early we were taken aback by the lack of parking. We eventually found a spot and proceeded to the theater. We noticed a huge line of people out front and were comforted to see a sign that read "online/advanced ticket holders proceed inside". Once inside we were immediately told that we had to go outside and stand at the end of the line. We explained that we had purchased tickets online and were told it made no difference. As we turned around to exit another staff member exited a second door and proceeded to tell the waiting line to come inside. We were floored!! I immediately asked for a refund but was politely pointed to a sign that read "all sales final". Needledss to say we left the theater extremely upset and went to another venue. I will possibly attempt this theater again but it won't be any time soon.
I absolutely adore the Enzian! They have great films, amazing special events, and dine-in movie watching.  The service is rather slow, so come early to try to get your orders in with time.  They host monthly film slams with local filmmakers that are fantastic.  They also present a variety of film festivals and  free outdoor movies, which are very fun.  I especially enjoy their cult classic showings. If you are in the area, definitely treat yourself to a visit here.
went with group. prices for movie and food too much. ordered popcorn and diet coke. popcorn was stale and tasteless. seats not comfortable. will not go back.
I really like the idea of a dine-in theater. Enzian pulls it off pretty well, making the dinner experience and movie experience pretty seamless. If you're looking for an interesting date idea or just a fun night out, this is the way to go. My only complaints: they only have one choice for the movie, and it's usually something I've never heard of, and the seats can be a little uncomfortable if the movie is especially long.
The Enzian is a great little movie house located in Maitland. This is the best place to find indie films from the domestic and international scene. The location has one screen and seats over 200 people but don't let that deter you. They have special screenings of opera, cult films and family friendly programming. On Wednesdays nights they will play their Wednesday night Pitcher Show out on the lawn next to Eden Bar. People bring out their blankets and chairs to watch a movie favorite and on occasion a movies we now are awful but will watch for the train wreck affect (Glitter was shown once).  For those that are over 21 they have jello-shot trivia which keeps the party going harder as the movie rolls. The location also houses the Florida Film Festival every year. So in April it is full of people and at least one special guest (the likes of Glenn Close, Jason Lee, and Emma Stone have been in attendance).
I am thankful for this place, otherwise Orlando would be a cultural hell hole when it comes to film.  They are the only indie theater in the area and they are the home of the Florida Film Festival.   They also get Sundance movies along with stars of the films to talk afterward.  The theater is comfy and the food was excellent.  I also loved the outside bar area.  It would be nice to just go there for a drink, film or not.  Needless to say, I was impressed enough with the place to become a member on the spot.  I have been going to the NY Film Fest and Tribeca for years and I think the Enzian will make for a halfway decent substitute.   If you don't care for the Regal scene of crappola blockbuster films you must hit the Enzian!!
One of my favorite theaters in Orlando. I took my parents to see La Vie En Rose, and it was one of the few places that my parents and I both enjoy. The best time to go is during the Gay Orlando Film Festival, where you meet some fantastic people and they play some of the best movies. It takes awhile for the food to come once you order it but it's delicious and well worth the wait once it comes.
This is the greatest movie theater I have ever been to. I can't tell you how much I adore this place! They always show more obscure international films and always keep you guessing on the next line up. You can receive an excellent meal with a wide variety of drink specials and micro brews while you watch a film in a well laid-out theater.  In a city (Orlando) where there is a limited amount of culture, it is a breath of fresh air to be able to come to this place. LOVE IT!
This has to be the best date place anywhere! Pitchers of beer, bottles of wine and a decent menu! ... did I forget to mention "NO KIDS!" Try the salmon pita... Wicked good! They always show foreign/indie films. Be sure to check out the Florida Film Festival. (March 28-april 6) floridafilmfestival.org
The first time we went there was because we didn't know what to do, and boy am I glad we did. If you like indie films, meeting new people, fellow artists and enjoy a great dinner and drinks while watching the film, this is it. It was so relaxing, the wait staff were very attentive to us. Look! Guys, if you are looking for something diff to do on a date, this is it. youtube.com/watch?v=zRWY…
This is the best place for films, in Orlando, hands down! I thought the new theater downtown would be a formidable rival, but it doesn't hold a candle to the Enzian. Comfortable seating, great food and and an interesting film selection - what more do you need? I love the Popcorn Flicks offered at Central Park, have gone several times, as well as the Cult Classics. I saw Planet of the Apes here and it helped recall my childhood obsession with this series. Although, as a child, I never noticed Charlton Heston's VPL, but it exists!  The Enzian also sponsors a variety of events held outside the theater- in fact I spent this past NYE's at their Bond Party. And let's not forget the fabulous Eden Bar, but that is probably another review...
Last trip to major chain theater. $33 to see Iron Man 3 and have popcorn and a soda. Last night at the Enzian, got to watch a 35mm print of one of my all time favorite films. Had a gourmet meal and 20 ounce beer served to me during the film, and spent $24 that includes a 20% tip for my server. From now on I will be at the Enzian every Tuesday night.
Four stars for something beyond formulaic in Orlando.  This is a movie theatre combined with a restaurant--order some decent grub or a glass of wine or two and sit back in club chairs, sofas, or at a table to watch an indie movie.  Very few places to catch movies like this in this part of the country, and perhaps none at all like this place.  Not really serious gourmet food and the service process can be loud and intrusive, but it beats listening to people talk on cell phones in your normal multiplex.  It would get five stars if the food were a tad better, they allowed for a seating before the show, perhaps with shorts & cartoons where most people could order, and if you could reserve a seat.
I love this place. The outside bar is awesome and being able to drink a bottle of wine and have some food while watching a movie is cool. Everyone is laid back. Cool place for a date or with a group of friends.
This venue not only shows independent movies but it also serves great food, such as the chicken avocado burger with tomato soup, one of my favorites.
Enzian Theater is more than just a  movie theater, it's an experience. I've watched several movies here and I always enjoy the atmosphere. Never any annoying kids and everyone is respectful. If you haven't been. GO!
How have I not written a review of this place yet.  Well, everything that needs to be said has already been said, but I give this my seal of approval and we NEED to keep supporting great places like this.  So go to the Enzian, and go often... you will enjoy it, inside and out.  I am a big fan.
One of Jamlando's best kept secrets. But it appears all of these yelpsters have let the cat out of the bag. :) Great movies. Best place to see any indie film worth watching. I've seen City of God, American Splendor, A very long engagement, and mirror mask here, just to give you a taste of its flava. Its best known for combining its great movies with great food and drink selection. You can down some Stellas or Black and Tans or have glass of wine or two. Which ever you prefer. Don't forget to come back when the film festival is in town.
My favorite theater!
This is one of my favorite places around Orlando.  They've taken the row seating out of a theater and replaced it with tables and chairs.  You can have dinner and/or a bottle of wine while you watch a great movie.  It's a lot of fun.
I've been here twice: once to see Little Miss Sunshine and another time to see American Splendor.  It's a great well-hidden Orlando treasure.  I especially love the ability to eat during the movie.  The typical movie theatre food you get anywhere is overpriced and they don't have any fitting food.  The Enzian provides you with classy drinks and a meal to enjoy your movie with.  The architecture is very nice and I love the interior.  It feels very old school.  This is a great place and I highly recommend it.
Saw moonrise kingdom! Best movie ever!! Gotta love wes anderson. I swear I love this place. Its so artsy and romantic. and again their pear and gorgonzola pizza is the bomb diggity. Gotta have their truffle fries too, its a must!
My favorite Orlando indie theater! Awesome food, decent beer selection (for Florida) and always great films! I saw Science of Sleep here for the first time... so many good memories.
This is one of my favorite things in Orlando! I only recently have gotten into watching an Indi film every now and then and I love it! The service is great, the atmosphere is perfect, and the food is so  so fantastic! You can watch a movie at a dinner style table or regular chairs, and they serve a great menu and drinks! I prefer a bottle of wine, which most are decently priced, and edamame, and truffle fries. You can do no wrong here. I have never watched a movie in the park, but I hear that is a great time as well. Sometimes we go to have dinner on the patio outside and they let us bring our small well-behaved dog, which is a plus for me! The last movie that I saw the other day was Incendies, it was such a great movie that I can't wait to go back!
I love love love the Enzian.  I have seen plenty of flicks here and have always had a positive time.  This weekend because of Halloween around the corner, it was so packed!  Parking was a nightmare I finally found some off property, by the time we made it there we were right on time to see the movie but we decided to just have drinks outside.  There was no seating at Eden.  On the lawn they were playing a movie; no seating.  We decided to go through the swamp to kill some time; it was out of comission until 10:15pm.  It was not terrible but it was not fun like last year's.  I will still keep going; they just have to realize lots of people love the place so more parking and more seating!  :D
Great atmosphere, beautiful landscaping. Really wish I could have seen one of the FFF movies here. Regardless, I will definitely be returning!
I had such high hopes for Enzian! It is a little out of the way when visiting Orlando (we got a little worried driving there when we saw signs wishing us a goodbye from the city of Orlando). When we got there it was pouring rain. We arrived to the theater and were immediately off-put by the décor. It had a very dated look of a late 1980's movie theater, and was not cute, nice, welcoming or luxurious in any way. There were booth-type tables and couches on the main floor, but you have to get there early to get one of those. We were seated at a table, 4 people in a row, facing the screen. It felt just like a restaurant table, with normal restaurant chairs (no comfy movie theater armchairs). The servers take your order before the movie starts (so as to not interrupt) and bring your food when it is ready. Unfortunately my food was terrible. I had a dry turkey Panini and some truly awful truffle chips. All in all, the concept is novel, but is much better executed at places like CineBistro. Enzian was just not excelling it in any department--venue, food or location.
Perfect selection of current Indy flicks as well as movie series of cult classics and off beat older films. The truffle fries are a must have and with the Eden Bar open, you can get a tasty drink as well.
I LOVE the Enzian. My sisters and I are huge fans and go quite frequently.  I think there is a lot of opportunity and potential for their food menu to be great.  You can see the intended creativity.  Have to admit I have travel quite a bit and been exposed to a lot of cultures and foods and always looked forward to the simple nachos that they used to have at Enzian.  In an effort to be more creative they introduced nachos I simply can not eat.  The only thing of much interest is the pizza with potatoes.  I even sent an email to the chef at Enzian with feedback and never received the courtesy of a response.  So much for being customer focused!
I love going to places in Orlando that are truly 'unique' and that is what the Enzian is for me.  In a town built on Mickey Mouse and tourist destinations, it is wonderful to have such a gem.  I've seen many movies here, many that have become huge successes in the regular theater (Blair Witch Project, Little Miss Sunshine, etc).  It is really cool to be able to sit down with some friends at a table, drink some drinks, eat some (really good) food, and watch a movie.  Again, support your community, visit places like The Enzian!
Oh, how I love the Enzian! I cannot even begin to guess how many times I've been here over the years, but it is perfection. To say it's just a movie theatre isn't doing this place justice. The Enzian is an experience, an Orlando icon, meeting place for the coolest crowd in town, and so much more. First, the movies: lots of foreign films (so if you don't do sub titles, go to Winter Park Village and enjoy Tare Reid's newest bomb) indie films, documentaries and some good old American classics. Here's the thing though, even if the movie isn't your cup of tea you are STILL going to have a great night. Read on: The crowd: respectful, no cell phones, no loud talkers, no children! Besides, this is great for people watching. Heck, even standing in line is fun. The food: oh, these people know how to do food. Interesting combos of sandwiches, pizza, apps on an ever changing menu. Plus a solid beer and wine menu (but I do yearn for the days when they served Guinness) The theatre itself:  Beautiful setting. It's right off 17-92, but you'd hardly notice as you are surrounded by beautiful trees and lush landscaping. Inside are super comfy chairs, a few couches and tables of differing sizes. Have a meal, have a drink or two, and watch a nice movie. The fairly recent addition of Eden bar improves a great experience even more. A small patio bar where it's great to pass the time before or after the show. Friendly bartenders and good beer and wine. This setting is so relaxing. Enzian is perfect for a date night. My wife and I still go there for dates. But it's also great for small groups, or even if you are flying solo and want to enjoy a show alone. If you haven't been, go! If you've been, keep going!
I went back and ordered actual food this time.  I got the chicken fingers and fries.  The honey mustard is AMAZING. It's probably my third favorite honey mustard of all time.  The chicken was good, but I think they accidentally tripled the salt.  It was way too much.  My roommate's had it before and said it was never that salty.  I had a bite of her grilled cheese which was great too.  We also picked a great movie: happythankyoumoreplease.  Go see it.  Josh Radnor (Ted from How I Met Your Mother) wrote, directed and stars in it.  He's super talented.
The Enzian has served up indie movies, along with snacks and beer, for a few decades.  The movies are carefully selected, and the audience consists of a fair number of film connoisseurs.  This is a refreshing change of pace from commercial cineplexes that are more like an impersonal assembly line with an above average chance of middle school mayhem, text-happy patrons, and oblivious chatterboxes.  Because I love the movie experience so much, I only took off one star for: dated seating, very long wait at the outside bar more often than not, mediocre food, packed parking, and awkward timing of the in-movie wait staff (it seems like they disappear for an hour when it's time for a refresher, but scurry around with checks during the final climactic scenes).
One of my favorite places in Orlando. Great little movie theater with comfy chairs. The food selection is to die for. They have a fancy grilled cheese and more. Oh so good. The bar outside is a great place for a late afternoon meeting and/or dinner or drinks. They play cult classics all the time and have a yearly highly attended film festival.
Going to the Enzian always mades a lovely, memorable experience for me.  It's way cute, and you can have an actual meal with wine and whatnot as you watch a flick!  That's my absolute favorite part.
Everyone loves the Enzian, especially if you're into Indie flicks.  I saw La Vie En Rose at this theater and loved it.  Hearing the french and reading the subtitles just seemed to match the uniqueness of drinking wine and snacking while watching a movie.  Plus, everyone sits in comfy swivel chairs and at tables instead of rows of fold-out seats.  Definitely great for a movie night with a welcome twist!
This is our favorite Saturday afternoon date movie place. You can watch an indie flick and cuddle on the couch, plus get served wine and food. What more can you ask for? They recently redid the menu, so I haven't tried any of the new items. We have tried the hummus, cesear salad and Margherita  pizza. They were all top notch.
Very entertaining place, a bit pricy, kitchen doesn't start up til 3:30. Has a mix of alt, indie, Disney, night club, and New York liberal. The crowd reflects a lot of the diversity... Heh, "diversity"... The DJ at the bar has a cool, interesting mix.
This theatre is a treat and a half! Go early  and have a drink at the bar outside.
Orlando's finest for Independent and Foreign film for decades!   Cafe style atmosphere, Eden Bar outside and Beer/Wine/Cafe menu inside equals a great night out, by yourself, a date, or with a group of friends.
Great alternative spot if you want to change up the moviewatching experience. You can enjoy a great dinner(try the Yukon Gold Potato pizza) while watching a movie. It has a really nice vintage feel which I liked. I am not a huge fan of the chairs because they feel so old.
Although I wish they'd play even more movies more often, the food and the service make this an easy five stars.
This is one of my favorite theaters in Orlando!  The theater is set up in tiers.  The upper tier is filled with tables and comfy chairs, and the lower tier has couches that are reserved for members.  The Eden Bar offers drinks and a decent selection of food. They play mostly independent movies, but they also have a Cult Classics series and special screenings from time to time.  Enzian offers free, outdoor movies every month as part of their Popcorn Flicks and Wednesday Night Pitcher series.   If you've never been here, you should really check it out!
AWESOME. Just AWESOME. Good beer, good movies, good place for a date or group!
The Enzian is without doubt Orlando's best movie theatre. It's the only place I know of for indie films. They also show old classics every so often and selections from festivals. The theatre doubles as a restaurant and is furnished with comfy couches and tables. The food and alcohol selection is great and there's nothing like gourmet eating while enjoying a good flick!
I definitely could not give the Enzian any less than five stars. This place is great, and growing up in Orlando it was a staple- especially in my teenage years. I had my first date here, and I skipped classes to hang out on the lawn or catch an early show. They always get the best movies that I've never heard of, and they also get movies that I've been dying to see but (big surprise) would never get released anywhere else. Cult classics nights are great and at five dollars, they're almost unbeatable- except for the Wednesday night movies on the lawn. The movies on the lawn are free, and they offer five-dollar pitchers of Yuengling. It's great to bring a group and hang out at the bar until you're ready to gravitate to the green and watch the movie...and then you go back to the bar for a little while longer ; ] The food is usually good, sometimes just ok. The movies are usually great, but even when they're bad it's still a good experience. They even do summer children's movies! There really is something for everyone. So round up everyone in your life and bring them to the Enzian. Get a van, or something.
Cult classics, seasonal favorites, indies, foreign, ballets!  You go, sit at a table, watch cool movies, order beer/wine, snacks. Super awesome, everyone's into the movie, so no annoying chatter. Bar outside if you want to hang before or after. Go early for better seating.
This place can be a little polarizing. I love indie and art cinema and that includes cult cinema also. The theater itself is nice. It now has a bar outside which helps pass the time while you wait for your movie. The quality of flicks that are shown here are just ok. That I am sure is due to the limited release nature and the number of screens (1) So you can get a mixed bag. Sometimes fantastic, other times baffling (I find it annoying that they show larger more commercial features that you can find at the larger theaters at the same time-I understand there is a financial side to this but remember this is a non profit organization)  The real draw is the $5 older flicks that seem to be more spirited in choice. So the movies shown here are honestly more in 4 star rating, the problem with the theater is the theater itself. Poor parking options and couches instead of chairs means limited availability and on busy flicks limited options for viewing (mainly the reason you went) The set up inside doesnt help facilitate viewing its more for relaxing and dining, which in turn can also annoy at pivotal moments when the waiter brings the check to the table in front of you (they are fantastic servers by the way who are generally very aware for the most part) But since this is really the only independent option then what are you to do? Pros: Fantastic Film Selections Great Food Cons Parking and Seating Prices can be brutal even for a theater Its a Good Place for Dates and Social outings but it seems for self serving for Orlando's Hipster culture than a real theater dedicated to the spirit of indie cinema.
I was a long time patron (1985-2001) of their film festivals and seeing cult, underground movies. I remember one of my first films was Goin' South along with Akira. No one else was playing these classics and forget about seeing a foreign film anywhere else (except maybe 20th Century which was too far away for me to drive). I loved going down to see movies with friends, where we would get several pitchers of beer and some nachos. I also loved being able to purchase movie posters which I would say the Enzian is responsible for my addiction to collecting them. Food here is expensive and often burnt. Service is SO SLOW that you usually get your food right when the movie is ending. However, something happened around 10 years ago which soured my taste for their services. One time I purchased tickets for the film festival and I was running late. I arrived to find a small group of angry people out front who were being refused to enter even though they had their tickets. When I asked what was happening I was told that our seats had been given away. We were offered no refund at the time and I was furious for being refused after purchasing my tickets a week in advance. I later got my refund but the damage was done. I now would rather watch movies at home. I can get things off Amazon which even the Enzian can't get and all in the comfort of my own home with better food and cheaper prices.
Look, I'll give it that this place gets good movies a lot of the time.  Winter Park 20 gets a lot more good movies, but unfortunately it's this and WP20 for indie film in Orlando.  The outside of this place is beautiful and if were reviewing the Eden bar, I'd give this place 4 stars.  But I'm reviewing the theater, the pretentious theater that is run by a bunch of Orlando Weekly brats that think they are SO cool.  Here's the truth:  In any big city they would be deemed a joke.  They occasionally get in a good film, but when they get a good film, they play it for a week.  When they get in absolute shite, they play it for a month.  The food is horrible.  The service is incredibly pretentious.  This is such a joke of a theater.  Avoid it.  Let's hope it goes out of business so that a real art house theater can open up.
Wow, after moving away I really miss this little place! Intimate and cozy atmosphere, good food, great movies, very clean.. At what other movie theater can you sit on a couch and have food brought to you for crying out loud?? And their food has very reasonable prices as opposed to regular movie theaters. Have yet to find a place in California that resembles this little jewel.
Luckily the movies are good and the seating is comfortable because my recent experience with the service wasn't all that great. We sat without service 35 minutes into the movie before I finally went to the lobby to speak to somebody. They were very professional an apologetic which we really appreciated. They comped our drinks and popcorn. We ordered the turkey wrap and a pepperoni pizza, both were not very good. In fact, I took one bight of the wrap and decided not to eat. I really think the food could be better. We do like the hummus appetizer though! We also really enjoy the Eden Bar's atmosphere and service every time we go.
I was in Orlando for a few days on a business trip and was looking for something fun to do in the evening during the week and came across the Enzian Theater. The concept of a movie theater/restaurant is nothing new; in fact there is a similar theater less than two miles from my house in Colorado. I think what makes the Enzian Theater different is that it's not a "dollar theater" playing movies that have left the main stream theaters but aren't on DVD yet and their food doesn't taste like a heat-and-eat from the grocery store's frozen section. First off, I really like their location and the feel of the theater. It's off street surrounded with trees and bushes and a huge fountain on the deck so once you're there, you don't even see the street and feel like you've far away. The theater looks like an old Victorian home so it doesn't feel commercial which really adds to the experience. Everyone working there was super friendly and interested in you having a good time. I got there about 10 minutes before the show started, so had just enough time to order some dinner and tea before the lights went out. I loved that the tea was loose tea served in a French press, enough for two cups. I ordered the veggie burger, which was really, really good. I don't get that the price range for this place has been rated $31-60 per person here on Yelp. You'd have to order a TON of food to spend $30 for one person even including the movie ticket. The wait staff was very quiet during the movie and although I did notice them, it didn't detract too much from the movie. The only thing I can complain about was the seating. The chairs look really comfortable, but the depth and the angle of the chair back made it difficult to get comfortable and I actually had a back ache by the time the movie was over. I was there to see Persopolis, a great story (educational too) with a graphic novel feel about an Iranian girl growing up and discovering who she is. If you get a chance, go see Persopolis at the Enzian.
Love the Enzian for many reasons but have one big warning. If you plan ahead to see a movie listed on their calendar, check back.  We made plans, not once but twice, to see Shame and both times they moved it. Happily, we double checked before going out the door but, Hey Guys! - please don't put it on the Enzian calendar until it's actually going to play on that date. We have to wonder how many may have shown up on the wrong day (which we almost did twice!)
This is the place for MOVIE buffs to catch a flick. Sorry folks this it not the BIG Theater, with usually a BIG Budget, and a BIG Star. This is a little theater that brings movies that in some cases don't get to see light of day. You know all those categories and foreign films they have on the Oscars and your like where do those play? Well it's here at the Enzian. The play Cult films to that once again reach the Big Screen. Big Lebowski played a one night cult flick and they held it over for the entire weekend and it was Sold Out. It's like your living room met the Cinema Draft House. Back in the day these were called Art House films that usually play here. I have seen some pretty good foreign films that never make it to cable. My only complaint and it's a small one. A few years ago they had Nachos on the menu. Those were some of the best nachos I have ever had. Hopefully someday in a not so distant future they'll bring them back. It's also home to the Florida Film Festival.
What can I say, I love the Enzian. The outdoors area is so beautiful that I'll go for a drink at Eden Bar just to hang out there. Big oak trees with Spanish moss and Christmas lights? Hell yes. I love the inside as well, and there's nothing quite like a movie date where you can cuddle on a couch splitting a bottle of wine or a pitcher of good beer and eat some nice food, too, if you're so inclined. Plus they are active in the community, they offer free movies in the park or on the lawn at the Enzian, and they're always hosting fun events. It's such a nice independent gem that stands out in a city so full of chains. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of some of the prices. I understand that mark up is necessary somewhere like this and they need to make money to stay in business, and I'm happy to support them, but some of the menu items are just a bit much (like $8 just for chips and salsa, or $4 to add some olives to the $10 mediterranean trio appetizer). Between tickets, drinks, and food it turns out to be a pretty expensive night, which I knowingly accept when I go, but I'd definitely go way more often if it were a little more reasonable. But all-in-all, that's definitely the only negative I can think of.
We have been going to the Enzian for over 10 years. The menu used to be pretty bland (pizza and popcorn and such) One of the first movies we saw there was Blair Witch Project. The food has improved and I have to agree with other reviewers that the menu is a bit hoity toity now. The food is good though. I wouldn't recommend getting something super crunchy because you will miss the movie (try chewing between dialog!) The wait staff take your order before the movie and then bring out the food in the same order, so don't expect the food to be there right after you order. By the time you get absorbed in the movie, your food is ready.  They have a great beer selection, I love the OBP Orange Blossom Pilsner which is local. Kudos to Enzian for being the only Indie Theater in town! Tip, buy your tix online, I have shown up a couple of times w/o tix to a sold out show.
i reserved tickets not knowing what to expect. I have been looking for culture in orlando for a while and enzian hit the spot. The atmosphere was perfect and movie was great! perfect for a date night. Thanks Enzian!
The Enzian is easily one of the coolest places in Orlando, and an absolute must for anyone who lives in Central Florida that likes indie movies. If you're visiting Orlando and wanting to get away from the Mouse House, definitely see what's happening here!! The very first movie I saw at The Enzian was March of Penguins, and I've been going back ever since! Outdoors, you'll find Eden Bar, which is a full bar with a delicious lunch and dinner menu (I like getting the lunch special where you can select 2 options from certain soups/salads/sandwiches/sides). Inside, you get comfy seats, tables, a full menu (including delicious buttery popcorn) and beer & wine only. The Enzian does a LOT of really cool stuff, everything from Cult Classic movies every other Tuesday night to outdoor showings of notoriously good "bad" movies on the lawn (this is debatable though, I've seen Empire Records, Big Lebowski, and a few other great movies!!) to kids matinees to independent films. And that's on top of the film festivals that they're a part of! Recently, they changed up their menu a bit, which made me sad to see a few things go, but loving other things. They have a quinoa wrap that was thoroughly boring, meanwhile they have a mahi-mahi dinner that was amazing. They got rid of brownies, which bummed me out too! Regardless of the menu getting switched up, this is seriously an amazing place in Orlando. I love the huge oak trees outside, the bartenders are always helpful and friendly (and even met the challenge of making special margaritas that I had tried at Epcot one day), servers are always nice inside, and best of all...their programming for movies is wonderful. It's one of my favorite places to go for date night, but also one of my favorite places for just catching a movie with friends, drinking on the lawn watching a movie, dinner, or whatever else!
I'm writing today to address an unfortunate situation which took place on September 20th at the Enzian Theatre. I was double charged for drinks and originally waited a few days to see if the charge would clear itself out. After a week, I contacted the theatre via their general inquiry form on the website. After a week of not hearing back, I called and was directed to a voicemail box where I left a message. After waiting a few days without hearing back, I left a follow up message. Still not hearing back, I emailed Christy West (Dir. of Food and Beverage)on October 7th. No reply, of course, and then a follow up email on Oct 9th. Christy neglected to reply to either of my emails. I have contacted my bank to handle this further and no longer require their assistance. In return, they will no longer have my patronage.
Since moving to California, my husband and I have reminisced many times about The Enzian Theater and I wanted to write a review as it was one of our favorites This place is incredible! The movies shown are wonderful, independent, quirky and everything in-between. We never attended any special events, but they always looked like fun and we heard great things. The Enzian is hidden, a canopy of trees and greenery surround you in the outdoor space, and though they are redoing what they can as they have the funds inside, there is a charm that comes with the vintage feel. The outer bar has a plethora of choices and the bartenders are fast and fun. The food inside and service is wonderful! Time and time again we came excited about the movie and ecstatic about the food! Truffle Mac and Cheese!? Stop it. Truffle fries!? Amazing. Everything we tried on the menu was a hit! The Enzian is a gem and made our time in Florida so much more enjoyable. We are planning a trip back to do Disney/Universal and will spend a day in Winter Park just to spend an evening at the Enzian.
This is my favorite theater. The shows are usually independent and really cool and I love being able to have a glass of wine and a meal, while I watch. The only thing that would make this even better is if they changed movies more often. Other than that, this is my number one
I can't say enough good things about this place. The Eden bar outside is the perfect place to grab a drink and some food before the show. The huge Oak trees out front with the Spanish moss and landscape lighting create an enchanted forest feeling. Inside the theater the good seats go quick so get here early. Parking is the only thing I've ever had an issue with but if you get here early enough you shouldn't have any issues. They play a great range of movies from cult classics to up and coming indie films. They've got events daily on their website and host a free movie on the lawn on Wednesday nights weather permitting. BYOC (bring your own chair)
The Enzian is a fun spot to take in a movie and have some food and drink while you do. And while there are other places that serve beer, cocktails, and/or food while you watch a movie, the Enzian offers the offbeat films, indie movies, and cult classics that make it a unique spot to attend. We attended last year to see Joss Whedon's take on "Much Ado About Nothing" and it was enjoyable, although all we had were two sodas and some kettle corn--nothing amazing. This time when we returned, it appeared that the setup of tables had been changed a bit (it appeared that there were more tables overall and more tables for two, offering a larger number of seating overall). And this time, we tried food service during the movie (Richard Linklater's "Boyhood"). The truffle and parmesan fries were pretty good. While a few were limp or mushy, most were crispy, and there was plenty of truffle flavor and large shavings of parmesan to go around. Definitely would order again, especially at the current price point of $6.50. The pizzas are a good size to share. My husband and I split the buffalo chicken pizza (12", Marinated chicken, gorgonzola, mozzarella, provolone, celery & Buffalo sauce) and it was pretty good. The buffalo flavor was discernible; the celery on it was a little weird. The crust was overly crunchy to me and I felt like every bite I took was audible, although my husband reassured me that he couldn't hear me eating. I might try another pizza but I could also skip it: I have had better buffalo chicken pizzas elsewhere. My husband also got the loaded chili fries ("Crisp French fries covered with nacho cheese, chili, & sour cream") and said that they were good but pretty heavy, so probably wouldn't order again with pizza as it was a lot to take in. Our drinks were brought promptly and were great. As others have said, the servers are adept at taking orders, bringing food, and bringing checks without being obtrusive. It did take a while for our server to get around to taking our side of the theatre's orders, so by the time he got to us, the previews had started and we had to whisper. Other than a slight lack of staff, everything went swimmingly. We're considering membership here. Know that the cheapest level doesn't offer the ability to make table reservations (if that's important to you). You can get a membership for as little as $30 if you're a student or senior, $60 for a regular membership (which gets you one name per membership; one membership card; one discounted admission to a show; and a free large popcorn per show). The $200 level is where you start getting the ability to reserve tables (up to two names per membership; one membership card; two discounted admissions per show; a free large popcorn per show; one table reservation per show for all regular programming; an Enzian Film Society T-shirt; and two passes valid for one free admission to regular programming Sunday-Thursday). Given the size of the theatre (and also wanting to support this non-profit venture), the $200 level seems to make the most sense for us.
If you're an independent film fan the Enzian is the place for you! With just one single screen room, Enzian is able to provide a movie experience like no other in Orlando. Comfortable chairs & tables with a full menu & bar are available at every showing, the perfect place to go with friends or on a date. I recently caught "Boyhood", if you happen to see this while Enzian is showing it do yourself a favor & go, it was delightful! Looking for a great bar? Enzian's Eden Bar has you covered! The bar is adjacent to the theatre, perfect to enjoy a great Florida day or night. On Wednesday nights get pitchers of beer & enjoy a free movie out on the lawn. Heck, Enzian is also hosting community Yoga now on Mondays -- I told you this place was cool!
I've been a fan of the Enzian since I saw "Heathers"  there back in 1988.  What a great addition to Central Florida it's been!  I guess you could say it's a mainstay now.   From it's secluded location in Maitland, to the cool independent featured movies, to the great food choices.  I've obviously seen it evolve in last 25 years, mostly for the better.  I'm more of a self proclaimed cinephile.  Yes, you can come here and still see a crappy movie but that crappy movie wouldn't have been found elsewhere.  Mostly their selections are thoughtful and they also have outdoor movies seasonally.  I love their annual showing of the academy awards, red carpet and all!  This is a great place to go on a date, or with some girlfriends.  The attached Eden Bar is a great winding down location.  I've been a member on and off throughout the years - Check it out!
This is a gem of a little theatre right across from Buca on the edge of Winter Park / Maitland.  The Eden bar outside serves high quality food and drinks, with a decent draft beer selection and plenty of bottles, and excellent food.  We had a hummus/tapenade/babaganoush with warm pita slides and some spicy olives and then split a quesadilla so we'd have room for popcorn during the movie.  Pretty standard appetizer selections but they were much better than the average - you can tell when it's a truly good product and the foods they're using at Eden seem to be.   Due to the movie schedule - this place gets insanely busy at small periods of time - right before a movie do not expect to quickly grab a few drinks to take in to the theatre with you because 30 other people are doing the same and the bartenders of course cannot keep up with that.  If you're having dinner/drinks in the bar and then heading in to the movie - CASH OUT when your food comes so you won't be caught up in the pre-movie rush and end up waiting in that rush. Alternately, you can just go on inside and a server will come around and take your food and drink order, and your items will eventually be brought to you during the movie.  Staff all seemed friendly and fairly efficient - someone will a smart pad comes around taking orders and sending them through, then bar and kitchen runners bring your food and drinks a little while later.  At some point before the movie they'll drop your check off and you can pay at that time.  It seems like a pretty great system. The lineup for seats seemed to start more than an hour before the movie, we were not in the line since we were still eating in the bar but we managed to get a fine seat anyway.  There didn't really seem to be any bad seats, except maybe along the front sides that would give you a very angled view of the screen. My only complaint of the theatre part of it was the sound - they could have definitely turned it up quite a bit, we were in the back under the overhanging upstairs area and the sound didn't penetrate really well back there.   The young staff were friendly and hardworking and the food coming out of that kitchen was top notch!  We'll be back.
Best art movie theater in town. Only art movie theater in town! I've seen such a wide range of movies here, from $5 classics, free lawn movies, grindhouse flicks, indie films, quirky new films....I don't always want to see what they are showing but that's ok, they are threatening to expand soon and add another screen! The price is good, the theater is unique, the food is tasty, and the beer selection is on point. Unless you're a pretentious douche or a huge tool, there is no reason not to go here.
Order a cocktail or glass of wine; have the munchies - full on delicious menu; stretch your legs while sitting on the sofa - Yeah you heard me right!! And most importantly - watch the movers and shakers in Art and Indie movies. LOVE, LOVE it!!
Why can't I quit you, Enzian? Yet another fantastic experience at my favorite local theater. I bought my tickets early, knowing that they often sell out for weekend night screenings and loved the fact that I just had to show up and my name was on a list (no waiting in lines to pick up tickets). Word to the wise- get there early to snag a good spot! As usual, Enzian was showing something wonderful and special that I couldn't have found in any run-of-the-mill movie theater. I love their themed nights and the screening I was attending was part of a two-day Oscar theme (we caught the nominated Best Live Action Short films). I had a snack at Eden Bar prior to the movie, but made sure to save my appetite for the deliciousness that awaited me inside the theater doors. The servers were ninjas, as always. They make taking orders, delivering food, refreshing drinks, and handling payments look easy- All while the theater is dark and they have to keep their voices down and crouch so as not to disturb other movie patrons. Seriously, I imagine the training for this is similar to that of Bruce Wayne in Batman Begins. I'm always surprised by the quality of the food served at Enzian. You'd expect pretty typical fried food but they offer a great variety and the food is top notch. I decided to go with the Grilled Cheese (creamy Fontina cheese on buttery thick-cut ciabatta bread) ~drool~ and a side of Tomato Cream Soup. The bread on this grilled cheese is amazing! I don't know if they soak it in butter before grilling it, but whatever they do it's seriously good. And don't forget to dip it in your tomato soup! This is a perfect pairing and the soup is definitely not of the canned variety (sorry, Campbells...). And for desert, some hot, freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. You get two, but don't be worried that you won't get your $4 worth- they are pretty darn big! Love love love. Love this place!
This is one of Orlando's finest gems. I can't say enough good things about this theater. -Beautiful outdoor patio/bar with a decent beer and food selection. -Recently renovated inside theater; comfortable seating and servers to take your order during the movie -Friendly staff and owner -Free outdoor movies every Wednesday -Crowd is generally older and not too many families.. i.e. you don't have to worry about screaming kids or movie talkers Great place for a date ;)
Bottom line -  Wow.  That really sucked. Every now and then you end up being in the unfortunate position of absolutely hating a loved local establishment.  This is one of those. There was nothing redeemable about the Enzian. I drove up excited to check out a film and ending up leaving to go watch the movie at another theater.  The concept here is fine but the execution is terrible.   The seating was awful for non-members.  All of the seats which provide a good view of the movie were reserved leaving only bad seats either far away or with poor views left.  Worse the members section was not even close to full.  And when I say poor I mean in a corner to the left of the screen and not being able to see the entire screen well.  Imagine sitting directly to the left or right of a large plasma or lcd tv and you get the idea.   Just inexcusable for a movie theater.  Sure, I understand giving some good seats to members but non-members are paying customers as well who should be provided with a quality experience.  I should leave wanting to become a member not to see the movie elsewhere.   Overall the Enzian seemed more like a place to hang out than actually watch a movie.  And I suppose that is fine for some but not for me. As if all the things above were not enough, there was also awful parking and rude staff.  The Enzian ended up being one of the worst movie going experiences I have ever had and given some of the $1 movie theaters I have checked out, that is saying something.  At least at the $1 theater you can actually see the full movie screen. I wondered why they had a no refunds policy and now I understand.   They would definitely have to give a lot people their money back. If you have been to an indy theater anywhere else you will likely hate this place unless you are a member or get there extremely early (I arrived around 45 minutes to an hour before showtime).  If the Enzian was in another city with any competition it would be out of business in a few weeks. So in case my angry rant...err... review wasn't clear, the Enzian was awful and I can't see myself returning. Update - Also felt compelled to add that ordering tickets online in an attempt to save time and avoid the line a bit was not only a waste but also seemed slower than just buying a ticket there.  The line for online purchases was wrapped around the building.  Once inside we were in another line and had to be checked off on some list while those who purchased tickets there just showed their tickets and walked in.   Again, just a bad experience and I was glad to hand over my money to AMC.  Although they are a huge corporation at least they provide a movie goer with the most important thing they want, the ability to see the movie in a nice facility.  Add to that plenty of parking instead of a dirt/gravel maze and friendly staff instead of a bunch of hipsters who don't seem to realize that the average high schooler can do their job faster and more efficiently and you have more than enough reason to pass on the Enzian and just go to your closest mega cinema. Seriously don't go.  You were warned.
Absolutely love this theater! You can't help but feel swanky and part of the Orlando cultural hubbub when you step into the Enzian. From the moment you pull into the parking lot you feel transported to an artistic world that feels extremely posh and charming. There are string lights that enhance that magical feeling at night, a tiki bar to order drinks or food outside, and inside an at your table service. Their menu is very unique,  with dishes like fruit and brie or quinoa wraps. And they are the only place I know in east orlando area that plays some more obscure films and independent works. Their prices are extremely decent and as an artist, I really appreciate the fact that they try to promote works that are not considered mainstream. They also have free movie nights where they'll play classic films out on their lawn. You can bring a picnic blanket and basket and have a very affordable date night! Try the enzian, you will not regret it. It is both enchanting and elegant.
I am totally charmed by the Enzian. I saw Inside Llewyn Davis there recently and enjoyed the experience from beginning to end. The grounds are so lush and gorgeous. I love how the bar is open to such beautiful surroundings. I had a gin cucumber mojito, which was delightful. Once inside the theater, we noshed on some fries and sparkling water and one more drink, which totally added to the movie going experience. There's a very festive vide at this place. I am so pleased that an independent movie house is so close to me that has so much character and charm. I even am thinking about becoming a member!
Just somewhat curious why Enzian is selling tickets to their theatre without warning patrons that there's no air conditioning? It's 90 degrees today. The theatre was stifling hot and only upon asking a server about the temperature was I told that the air conditioning is broken. It is at least 85 degree inside the theatre right now. 85 degrees is fine in your vacationing in St. Croix in January. It is absolutely not okay when you're paying $10 for a movie ticket to watch a movie in a theatre that is supposed to have air conditioning. This theatre just keeps getting worse and worse. I dream of winning Powerball and opening an awesome independent and foreign film theatre in Orlando.
The Enzian theater marches to a different drummer. Independent release movies, that you may not be able to see here, are on the Marquee. You pull up to a beautifully landscaped property that looks like it could house a huge mansion, Am I at the right place? Walking up you encounter the ticket counter and the lovely Eden Bar, a great place to relax, even if you are not going to the movies. As you enter the theater, you have all sorts of seating options, tables, rows of seats, couches, etc. A diverse menu s is served in theater, including alcoholic beverages. I usually stick with popcorn. Some parts of the whole are more enjoyable than multiplex theaters, some not so much. Overall it gives you a different take on the movie theater experience.
I can't say enough about how great the Enzian Theater is. They have redone the inside of the theater and it's beautiful. New carpet, reupholstered sofas and chairs and created more seating by adding a super long banquette. They show the some really great movies....many independent films along with classics in 35 mm. Its a great setting for date night or family movie night (depending on the film) We love, love love the popcorn and also being able to buy pitchers of soda or tea. A plus is wine, beer or ciders by the bottle too. They also have special events like Valentine's Day, Mother's Day and even Father's Day! The bunch they had for Valentine's Day was fabulous! We  enjoyed the music of The Cook Trio while we munched on the delicious  buffet and then enjoyed "An Affair To Remember" I was a day I'll never forget! I've also enjoyed cocktails outside at their bar/patio Eden Bar. This is especially enjoyable when the weather is cooler. They even have free events at their Wednesday night pitcher show outside on the lawn. Its twice a month and in October they have a free Halloween/scary/classic movie every Wednesday night. You can't beat that with a stick! If its a popular movie (movies that are held over) I recommend buying tickets online or in advance! If you haven't check this Orlando gem, I highly commend it!
The Enzian Theater rocks! I wish I discovered it sooner! I went here for a midnight showing of an old movie.... Evil Dead 2, on Halloween night. There was also a Halloween party going on at the same time at their garden Eden bar. The place was pretty packed but I still had fun. The theater itself was open 30 minutes prior to the movie showing. You are able to order drinks and food from their menu which consisted of small appetizers. Overall, this was a great theater experience. I loved it.
I only stopped in with some friends for one drink while visiting Orlando, didn't even hit a movie, but dang, this is my type of place. We drove up to this somewhat haggard parking lot and I thought, where the hell are we going?!  We walk in and find a huge semi circle bar and tables surrounded by trees, plants and sparkling lights. This spot has a very "midnight in the garden of good and evil" vibe, but leaning towards the "good." They had an impressive list of specialty cocktails that sounded delish, but I went for my tried and true brew. Did have a little bite of the pork nachos... (pork on nachos?!) That is exactly what we said but trusted the bartenders suggestion and glad we did. Get transported to another world at this little, unique and awesome bar.
If you are looking for an ultimate date place in Orlando, look no further.  Enzian Theater specializes not only in Independent films but also traditional classics, cult classics, midnight movies, opera and ballet on the big screen, amongst others.  The great thing about Enzian is that you go in to watch a film and you get to enjoy dinner at the same time.  You can order food, beer and wine while watching your movie inside the theater.  Have a passion for liquor? You can grab a drink outside at Eden Bar before your film starts and take it in with you.   If you are looking for a truly romantic and unique experience in Orlando, you're not going to do much better than Enzian.
This is my favorite theater in town. No crying kids for most shows. There is food you can order the show and great selection of drinks. You can almost get everything that they serve at the Eden Bar with the exception of a few dishes that they say take too long to cook. My husband gets disappointed every time since those are the meals he wants. Can't Enzian do a pre-order system prior to arriving for those who want the longer cooked items? Most of what I have tried has been ok. My only disappointment is with the pizza. Pizza is one of my favorite foods and it has to be really bad for me not to eat it but nothing about the pizza there really woos me. I like getting to the theater early to ensure I get one of the better seats that aren't already reserved for the members. The ones that are in the back of the second level and face the screen seem to work the best for me. Last but not least, the movies are the best. This is the only art house theater in town. Your only stop for independent, documentaries, and lesser known foreign films. I urge you to check it out if you have never been.
I mostly come here for their independent film releases. I think I've come here more lately, than a traditional movie theater. The first time I came here was back in the later 90's, for what I think was a French film, that had characters that reminded me of the Borg from Star Trek. I wish I could remember the name of this film, but I do remember enjoying it. Since then,  I can't think of any bad movie I have seen, and I usually see at least 3 a year here. This doesn't include their popcorn flicks in Winter Park's Central Park, or other outside showings on Enzian's adjacent lawn. I do try to see more upbeat and/or inspirational movies, and stay away from the more depressing ones, like the recent Sea World one (the previews alone made me disgruntled). Make sure you sign up for their email newsletter, so you can keep abreast of their showings. It's really drawn me here, when in the past I'd have to remember to check. I want to say that a perk for coming here used to be for their dinner and a movie dining experience. Except lately I'm realizing that you aren't really getting dinner. It's more like they serve lunch at lunch time, then they serve the same menu or lunch again for dinner. I once requested a steak from their Eden bar outside, and they said it can't be done because of the time it takes to make it and they try to get everything out before the move starts. I don't see how this is an excuse, since I assume they use the same kitchen. I left a suggestion that maybe the meals that take "longer" to make, they can only offer them if you arrive to the theatre 15 to 20 minutes before the show. It shouldn't take more than 15 minutes to cook a well done steak! I wonder if I can order a meal outside, and carry the plate inside. Ha! I almost want to take a star off because of the meal experience, but the rest of the experience outweighs it.
Wow, I'm not much on indie theaters since I'm also not much on indie movies, but the Enzian goes beyond an 'indie theater' and does everything above and beyond. My first experience was one of their Wednesday Night Pitcher Shows where I only got to experience the outside of the venue, but it was a neat (free) experience to see Happy Gilmore on a big outdoor screen. I also attended one of their Popcorn Flicks in the Park for Space Jam which was equally as fun. Last night I finally got to have an actual Enzian Theater experience to see Much Ado About Nothing. We hung outside for a bit until the doors opened and the exterior Eden Bar atmosphere was nice - not too crowded or uppity, but not divey either. Lots of plants and trees and the fountain near the little tables made it have a bistro-feel while the open bar gave it a more tropical beach vibe, odd mix but it worked. Inside the theater is amazing, SO comfortable. There's a good selection of table styles from round ones with bucket chairs to booth bench seats with little high tops, and yes some regular theater style seats in the front. We had just had dinner across the street at Buca di Beppo, so I'm sad to say I didn't try any of the really tasty-sounding menu items, but I definitely will next time! I did order an iced coffee, which was very well executed considering they don't actually have it iced on the menu. I was expecting they'd just pour a cup of hot coffee over ice, but apparently they had some cold brewed already done, so it didn't water down at all. The staff were all very nice and the place was super clean. I can't wait for them to play something else I want to see! They have cult classics, indie movies, kids films, and of course all their film festivals, so I'm sure I won't have to wait long.
The Enzian is one of our great local gems.  Great theater with reasonable annual membership rates in every patrons budget that will score you discounted tickets and free popcorn.  Wonderful date night experience if you want to meet for cocktails and appetizers at the Eden bar before settling in on one of the love seats for a great independent film or cult classic.  Beautiful setting, programming and service this is not one to miss.
if you're into indie films this is the best place around.. plus comfortable seating and great food (especially the grilled cheese with tomato soup)! love this place
I love the Enzian. I have attended screenings at the theater itself, Popcorn Flicks in Central Park, and Florida Film Festival screenings at Regal and the Enzian. This places is a local institution. At the Enzian, you have the opportunity to see anything on the big screen, from your old-school favorites to new independent films. I also volunteered at the Florida Film Festival this year and am certain I will do it for years to come. The staff was appreciative to all the folks who donated time, and we were rewarded with free movie passes and free admission to film festival screenings. There are a few things to be know about the theater. Some folks may find the service staff disruptive, and the constant opening and closing of the lobby and kitchen doors can be annoying in the middle of a screening if you are in close proximity to them. Get there early, get a good seat. Also, popular movies will sell out, so plan ahead and get tickets early. Show some love for a local business. Check it out!
Love my Enzian! When people ask me why I love Orlando so much I usually drop the name of this place.  I like the selection of weirdo movies. I like the comfy bar atmosphere.  I also like the crowd it draws in. I was famished my last visit.  I ordered the Granny Smith Apple salad, not knowing what mesclun is. I still don't know, but it didn't take away from the value of the salad.  I inhaled that thing. It felt a little strange since my seat was way in the front, on the right hand side. I guess half the audience had to look past my slurping to observe Bill Murray doing what Bill Murray does best.  The second I finished the server took my plate and disappeared. My friend SWEARS it's a coincidence. Anyway, the interior is undergoing some sort of renovation. They explain it all to you before they introduce the movie.  They ask for donations.  I've been going here since 2009 and have yet to see any improvement to the theater itself.  I don't care. I love the place, shitty torn chairs and all. I never enjoyed the food they served on a full stomach, so maybe there's some thing to that.  I would never go there for the food - go there for the independent films and the experience. They also have a student discount  so ask for it! Get there early for parking.
This place is awesome! You want to see a classic or independent film...go to Enzian!  You want a nice, peaceful beer outside...go to Enzian!  You want to check out a movie on the big screen in the park...count on Enzian! I have been seeing movies at this awesome JEM of a place for the past 3 years.  For anyone who loves great movies in an intimate setting, this is your place!  They have couches, tables, comfy chairs and they serve you!  Their food is awesome and they have a FULL bar!  The pricing is great for the entertainment. Recently they added an outside bar called "Eden Bar" and let me tell you what a phenomenal addition this has been.  If you want to catch a drink or have dinner before the movie, this is perfect!  They have garden seating along with bar seating.  Their servers are awesome and so friendly!   Their food is tasty and they also carry CIDER which is my favorite since I don't like beer!!  Not many places accommodate for this!   They are AMAZING hosts of the Florida Film Festival and also host Orlando Magic watch parties outside for the finals...SO FUN! I would recommend everyone try out the Enzian at least once.  It's my go-to movie place as well as sunday chill area ;o)
