A fantastic place for kids and adults to go for some great entertainment! I have seen many of their TYA (theatre for young audience shows) and have enjoyed them thorougly. The talent level of these kids (as most of their cast is comprised of just that) is aboslutely phenomenal. And no wonder, because the REP offers all sorts of concentrated cirrculum camps during the summer and throughout the year including musical theatre intensives, acting intensives, on camera classes, and then those fun themed camps your kids arr sure to have a blast at: frozen themed, harry potter themed, wimpy kid themed, pop star themed, Disney themed, cinderella themed, magic tree house themed, super hero themed, curious george themed, peter pan themed, etc. This list of options is enormous! Plus, as one of their teaching artists for their camp, I can truly say, because of my own personal knowledge, that the teachers are really fun, caring, and knowledgeable. These are some of the best folks I've ever met in the theatre world, that's for sure. Ultimately,  this theatre puts on fantastic work, has a lovely facility, and always offers something for you to do that will involve the whole family. Check them out!
I've been here for various performances at the Fringe Festival, as recent as last month, and I took my niece to see Junior Claus a couple years ago. Junior Clause was put on by The Rep and staged in the bigger auditorium sized theater. I and my sister were thoroughly impressed by the performance of the actors and the set design. It was all very professional and rivaled or exceeded many Broadway performances I've seen. The Rep has a series of kids plays, like this, throughout the year. I wish my niece lived closer, so I could make an excuse to see more of them. For the Fringe Festival, I mostly saw performances in the smaller theater, which is a grungier, darker version of the auditorium. Being a small size, the plays are much more intimate and you're no more than about 5 rows from the action. I've enjoyed everything I've seen here. I always look forward to the next time I have the opportunity to attend a show here.
Easy to visit, in the heart of Hollywood Blvd, right across from the Chinese Theater. It looks simply amazing after dark, glittering with light. A nice place to relax as a tourist, and I'm sure as a local too!
This is my second time visiting the Orlando Repertory Theatre for a children's musical with my son. it is a warm and comfortable space. The staff and volunteers are very accommodating and nice. We have seen Ivy & Bean and Busytown. Both productions were high energy and fun. This organization is such an asset to the community and I love what they do. We'll certainly continue to get tickets every year.
My first trip to the Rep was to see my bestie Katrina K. sign a female cabaret. It was in the small theater around back. About 4 rows in each of the three sections. Extremely intimate. I'm going to leave this review a little short as I didn't see the larger space. I'll write back when I make it there.
I came here with my son's school for the play Lyle, Lyle The Crocodile. At first I was thinking that $9 was steep, then I saw the theater. This isn't a rinky, dingy place like I remember the Theater Downtown being. This theater has a large stage, lighting, sound and stadium style seats. The seats are pretty comfy and the theater intimate. There were several simple scene changes. The sound at times was crackly. The actors were good but overacted and at times were really cheesy. Of course, this was a play for kids and the kids LOVED it. There aren't enough bathrooms so when the full theater emptied it took a long time for all the kids and adults to get through the line. The grounds are beautiful though. Our group had a picnic under the gorgeous, towering oak trees after. Parking is free.
Other than Fringe shows, this was my first time seeing a show here.  We selected Chasing George Washington as part of our Red Chair arts sampler package. I wasn't too excited that this was our first show in our package since it was really a kids show.  But when I got there, I was really impressed with the set and the show was really fun!  The music was great, we are still singing some of the songs.  This is a terrific way to introduce kids to the arts.  I loved how the actors came out after the show to sign programs.  Very sweet!
I came here with a group from school. We came to see Paper Bag Princess... While I'm not a fan of Theatre (this genre), I will say that this play and it's actors were quite good and kept the audience (elementary kids) in gaged. Parking... I came in by bus, arrangements were made for us and several other large groups by bus.  I did see much regular parking in the area. There must be a parking garage near by. Depending on your show time, bring a lunch as there is a nice park next door it sit in. Look forward to going there again, be interesting to see an "adult genre" there....
My husband and I took my sister in law and niece to see a show here over the holidays. We were pleasantly surprised. Many shows in this theater are catered toward a younger audience. The acting and singing in the production (Junior Claus) was top notch (I have seen broadway shows with singing that was not as good). If you can put up with the noise of the crowd (and it will be full of noisy kids) then you can expect good value for your money here.
I visited the Orlando Rep to see the now on-going Tom Sawyer production.  The theater is intimate -- seating perhaps 225 guests.  All of the seats offer excellent site lines and the sound quality is very good.  Set design is Spartan but carefully crafted and pleasing to the eye.  I very much enjoyed the show but will leave it to others more qualified to comment on the talent.
We came to theater for a performance of the Nutty Nutcracker.  I really like the the small theater size and quaintness of the theater.  The actors were all very good.  This is a nice place to see an intimate production with the family.
Orlando REP has among the best summer and spring break camps in town!  Our girls have attended for many years and they never disappoint!  Always great high-interest themes and so much fun for the kids!  Highly recommend!
