Hey HAVE to address the bathroom situation.  One Bathroom in the whole place, seriously how is this possible???
The seats can be tricky--hopefully you will get one where you are not cast in a corner with no view at all. I do not understand why there was a huge empty section of seats with no butts in them during Wicked. Perhaps we should have all moved in those seats to close the gap?. . . Sound, lighting, excellent, along with staff helping to move people along.  It's a theatre, and it's ok.  Nothing tremendously outstanding about it. It is what it is. . .
I've been going to Bob Carr since I was a kid.  It doesn't feel like it's changed since then.  It's a nice theater, don't get me wrong.  And everyone that works there is very nice and accommodating. Even though the Magic have moved to the new Amway, parking at the old Arena is still $10.  We were expecting it to come down to $5.  Nope.  Still not cheap to park.  Oh well.  Even with nothing going on anymore at the Area, we still got stuck in the lot after.  I had to finally back up and go out the entrance to even be able to move.  I didn't see any police out on Livingston directing traffic. Anyway, back to Bob Carr.  I won tickets to see West Side Story.  They were balcony seats.  I've never sat up there before.  We tried to upgrade at the box office, but they said none were available.  It was worth a shot. I felt like I was either going to get a nose bleed or need oxygen sitting way up there, but not a horrible view of the stage since we were only in the second row.  The main problem is the acoustics.  People have complained about this for years.  There were a number of sections of the musical that I had no idea what they were saying.   There's no extra leg room at your seats.  I could barely cross my legs without bumping my neighbor.  And the seats themselves made the arthritis in my knee hurt.  Strange as that sounds.  Just not all that comfortable.   The theater in general needs to be upgraded.  But this is nothing new to anyone that's from here.
I have been going to the Bob Carr PAC for 4 years now. It is a good location to see a show. The staff is always very friendly and helpful when you are navigating your way around the place. They serve drinks, but they are a little pricey (somewhat expected at a venue of this nature), so I usually like to enjoy a glass of wine somewhere else prior to the show. They have limited snacks. One positive is that you are allowed to take food and drink into the auditorium, which is not allowed in most theaters. The acoustics are a bit rough. I have sat both in the orchestra and balcony and many times it is hard for me to make out what the performers are saying. However, it is not so bad that I have stopped going!
I just saw the Lion King, part of the Broadway Across America series, at the Bob Carr last night and it was awesome, but I'll try to keep my review about the venue itself and not the show.  This was second show that I've seen at the Bob Carr, the previous one being about 3 years ago.  It doesn't seem like much has changed since then. The acoustics are good and the theater is very nice, even though there's a new Performing Arts center on the way.  I'm going to miss this one.  It certainly doesn't feel outdated or old.  Yes, the layout is a little odd, but I feel like it's cool that way, because it has some character. We sat in the Left Orchestra, row L and had a great view. Bathrooms are fairly limited and expect to stand in line for a while before the show and during intermission.  There's also an abundant amount of bars for you to get a drink or snack to take back to your seat. Parking is $10, cash only, so be prepared.  You might be able to find cheaper parking if you show up early and don't mind walking a couple blocks. If you do park in the lot next to the theater, my advice would be to get out as early as possible to avoid the congestion.
It was a perfect night.   The inside was very small there was not any seat to sit and enjoy a glass of wine before going in even though you can take it in with you. The inside eateries was nice but again it was very small to actually sit. I enjoyed my show and would go there again because of the small theater atmosphere. I did not felt like I was thrown in a theater with thousands of people and have to squint my eye to see who's on stage. I can't wait to take my girls to see a show. It remind me of house of blues, where you feel like you are one with the people on stage. Thanks for the tip about parking, you can park at the Sheraton and all around.
We saw Eddie Vedder at Bob Carr a couple weeks ago and had a wonderful experience!  I have never reminisced about a concert after it was over as much as I have about this one- he is just amazing, and the venue complimented the performance well. The venue is interesting to me- when I walked up to the building I immediately began having flashbacks of the lecture hall buildings at my alma mater, UC Davis, many of which were built in the 60's and 70's (stone-concrete walls).  You walk inside and the layout is strange- you can tell it used to be a much smaller building which was expanded and encased and glass windows. The auditorium itself is absolutely huge, with little decor and cushy red seats.  The seat layout is interesting on the bottom floor- with long rows and only a few isles. We sat directly in the middle of the auditorium on the balcony about 2 rows from the front.  I listened to yelp reviews when I selected the tickets- people had said that there is more room on the balcony and the bathrooms are less crowded.  Once again, yelpers did not disappoint - had no issues with feeling cramped and the bathrooms were clean and not crowded up there.  We didn't buy any food so I can't comment on that.  As far as parking was concerned, it was $10 for the lot and we parked close to the exit so that we didn't have to wait too long to leave the complex once the concert was over.  I do recommend this venue- I thought the acoustics were great, but maybe it was the ideal seat.  We'll be back!
The Bob Carr Centre for the Performing Arts is a medium-sized venue located in the heart of downtown Orlando.  Bob Carr mostly holds concerts, Broadway plays, symphonies, ballets and operas.  The total seating is about 2500 people... so not exactly the largest venue out there, but much more intimate than seeing a performance at the Amway Arena. I've seen a couple of performances here that I greatly enjoyed.  My first experience was seeing the Nutcracker ballet with my second grade class.  The ballet itself was really entertaining and it was really catered towards the kids.  They loved it!  My second experience was also with my students to see Rumplestilskin.  Also very well done and extremely fun for the children!  The groups that Bob Carr hires for these performances are excellent!   The theater itself is very nice inside.  It's easy to see the stage no matter where you are sitting because of the way the seats are set up.  The acoustics are great and it's an ideal place to see a symphony or orchestra perform.
Bob Carr is a great venue in the hear of Orlando.  It has the feel of a much larger Broadway theater in a smaller building. Parking is a bit of a hassle, but its worth the trouble to catch the top notch quality shows. My only real gripe is that there isn't a center walkway. So if you have great center theater seats, be prepared to make your way across a ton of people to get out at intermission or should you need to exit for any other reason. BTW, Young Frankenstein is absolutely hilarious. I would highly recommend it!
This place is awesome. There are two flaws that are stopping it from being a 5-star. Parking is cash only.  Remember that.  The other thing is that the seats don't have center aisles. It makes it so awkward. You're forced to cut through everyone. And heaven forbid you have to go to the bathroom during intermission. If you're in the middle, you'll be waiting a while. Try to get the balcony. If you have a small bladder. There's a bathroom up there. The women's rooms are on the "stage right" side and the men's rooms are "stage left." Just note. The thing I love I about this place is the arts. Every time I go, I know I'm going to see a performance so I'm usually in a good mood. So over all I like it.
I feel like I'm echoing statements that have already been said. The Bob Carr is pretty good, but not great. Parking can be unnecessarily expensive, not to mention a bit of a mess, and it's not in the nicest area of town. I've seen the Lion King here (which was spectacular!) and last night I went to the Red Chair Affair (thanks for the tickets, Yelp!). The acoustics are eh, not bad but not that great either. The layout is really odd with super long rows but not many aisles. I find that weird. I feel like I recall there being more aisles open for the Lion King performance than there were for the Red Chair Affair. Anyways, I wish Orlando took its arts scene (as a whole) more seriously. I think that there's a large disadvantage in living in the shadow of the mouse because all the local movements are trying to compete with the world-class entertainment at Disney and all those places, but I have hope that Orlando's local scene will grow and that, as a result, we'll have a new arts center on the way with a better layout, better location, better acoustics, and more accessibility, but that still retains its Orlando vibe.
Giving this two stars is in no way a reflection of the performances I've seen here. But the acoustics are terrible -- even the audio from professional, touring shows can be muddy and hard to understand. Public spaces are cramped, and the restrooms are completely inadequate for the size of the house. With no central aisles, you can almost guarantee that the last people to arrive will have to cross in front of virtually everyone to reach their seats. Plus, driving access to and from I-4 can be dicey. With all that, given the opportunity I will always drive the extra 15 minutes or so to Tampa's performing arts center to see a show. It is everything the Orlando center isn't (and as a plus, Tampa's center as their own online box office that doesn't use TicketMaster -- at least, that's a plus in my book). Now, I've seen some great shows at the Bob Carr. I just know I'd have enjoyed the experiences even more in a quality arts center (oh, sorry: "Centre"). Thank goodness they're building a new performing arts hall. This one is terribly inadequate for a city the size of Orlando.
Philharmonic Orchestra - Patriotic theme. Absolutely amazing performance! Truly enjoyed it.
There's a special place in my heart for the Bob Carr. I've been going there to see shows since I was a little girl. It was a tight squeeze then, even after they added the atrium addition. Never enough bathrooms, and no middle isle. It's design has long been outdated, however I'll miss it when the new performing arts center is completed. Many happy memories and many many great performances!
I've seen a few performances here and I have the same observations as other reviewers: the acoustics are pretty bad. The footfalls of the ballet dancers in Carmen were louder than the music playing on the speakers. I saw the musical Wicked from balcony seating and you get this weird bird's eye angle that isn't really comfortable. I really felt like Bob Carr deserved a face-lift before a certain nearby arena, but whaddya gonna do, eh?
I hope they finish building that new performing arts center soon! Bob Carr is pretty much the only place in the Orlando area to see traveling Broadway shows, and professional opera performances. The theatre is a bit old, and was last renovated in the 1970's. If you are sitting in the orchestra area your seat will feel a bit cramped if you're tall like me, or heavy set. And if you are claustrophobic or have a bladder issues try to get a seat along the aisle, because this theatre's orchestra section is not divided into sections like other large theatres, but instead is comprised of several really long rows of about 100 seats each! This can be very frustrating if there's any late arrivals in the theatre or anyone with an emergency in your row, because there is now way for them to exit quickly. We realized this when we went to see the Phantom of the Opera in February. On our second visit to the Bob Carr, we got some "cheap seats" on the first row of the balcony, and I think had a better view, and a more comfortable experience! The balcony is broken into small sections, and the seats seem to have some more leg room! And for the price of 25$ each my hubby and I saw Chicago quite comfortably! *Sign up for Travel Zoo alerts to get the deals on matinee tickets! **And be prepared to pay for parking, Both times we parked at the hotel across the street for their regular valet parking (15$), they have express valet for 25$ (I think this would be a waste of time and money). If we go again for a another performance, I have to research the parking situation, and see if there's any lots close by that are any cheaper!
I have lived in Orlando since 2006, and going to this place was a first for me. Overall I enjoyed the atmosphere of this place, although it would be nice if the place was overall larger and had organization of parking. I attended 'The Lion King' musical last weekend and I was impressed with the overall production. The acoustics/visual was great and I enjoyed every moment there. At first I was a little bit worried since I had never been there before and was not aware of the layout, since the seating arrangement was showing a lack of aisles near the center. The prices for the drinks seemed a bit steep ($8-$10) for the beer and $10+ for any sort of cocktails. I can understand that this place has to keep its uppity presence, but having prices like that was a bit too steep for me. I would recommend going to this place again, especially if there is a new play coming into town.
This is a first time review of the Bob Carr  - I just watched Sister Act and was impressed by the show, not so much by the center.   Food was a bit overpriced for what they were selling, so were the drinks.  The bathrooms are way too small for a venue so big, and the seats are terribly uncomfortable.  Nonetheless, the layout of the seats and the angle of the floor does allow for good view from about anywhere.   I'll be back, but I don't think I'll come hungry next time.
Decent enough a place. It has been here for as long as I can remember and I have been in Orlando for 14 years. Not the best acoustics but any time I have come to a play it has been a great experience. Intermissions are a pain. Those line for the bathrooms are insane. Always thought they should have put more bathrooms in this place. Parking can be pricey but I always like to park at the old Amway center cuz it's nearby. When the shows are over and you are trying to get out on Livingston you will wait for over 40 minutes. Lots and lots of traffic. Bob Carr has been fun for all types of shows and performances. I think it's time for a new building or some renovations.
Bob Carr gets a lot of flack for a lot of reasons, some warrented, some not.  The charming historical building has been the home to the Orlando Performing Arts Scene for decades, and there are very few "bad" seats in the house.  Sure the acoustics may not be the best, but thats what microphones and sound boards are for.  Also easy in and out traffic access.
Let me start by saying the performance of Wicked was absolutely 100% awesome!! Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre, on the other hand, had some issues.   First, we were told by the staff that it was highly recommended that we purchase prepaid parking from ticketmaster before arriving at the event...which we did ($16.05).  When we arrived at the "prepaid" lot, people were paying cash and parking there for $8.00  on the day of the event.   I think the logic is a little messed up.  Aren't you supposed to pay more on the day of the event....not when you prepay.  This to me was upsetting..we were coming from out of town and weren't as familiar with parking at this theater and the way I see it..we were taken advantage of by the Bob Carr Staff and ticketmaster.  So when going to Bob Carr auditorium for a performance...DON'T PRE-PAY FOR PARKING!!  It is a SCAM!!! Secondly, the women's restrooms in the balcony barely worked and the water fountains wouldn't work there either because there was a problem with the water pressure.  Fun, Fun!! Again..the performance was wonderful...We had a great time but if I had my choice I would drive to the Straz Center in Tampa!!
Took the two year old to a Yo Gabba Gabba concert here last week. The concert was great, but the venue was lacking. It seriously needs a makeover, otherwise it won't attract like nearby, cooler venues do.
I wish i could give Bob Carr a zero.  They "triple" booked our tickets to see Mary Poppins and didn't realize it until the day of the show which just so happened to be the final performance.  They tried to get us to accept tickets to "Priscilla Queen of the Desert" instead....are you kidding me!?!?!? They refunded our money and put 2 comp tickets on our account for a future show but saying as this is my only experience with the center I highly doubt we even use the comp tickets.
Went with the boyfriend to see Wicked and it was awesome! The seats are a little close together if you are above average in size. We are both rather tall, and though I fit okay into mine, I felt the lady next to me leaning into my space. I really didn't care because she was in no way rude and we were all having a good time. If it were a long plane ride, it might be worth complaining over. They had a full bar with decent prices for a theater, and even some snack stands. The bathrooms were clean, but overcrowded. Will certainly come here again!
Been to the BCPAC a couple of times...attended both Broadway shows as well as concerts. I've sat in balcony left and balcony right--balcony front and balcony back as well as the orchestra level. Gotta say, after 4-5 experiences down there I've yet to find a bad seat in the house. The ushers are friendly and not overly stuffy or pretentious. The drink prices are a bit outrageous but what do you expect? It's basically the equivalent of buying beer at a baseball game taking place in an airport. If you want some spirits to enhance your viewing pleasure, yer gonna pay for it. I reckon buying a drink or two here is still better than going to the Sheraton next door though. I've made the mistake of doing that in the past. Now THOSE prices are outrageous...steer clear. However, if you get to the show early you CAN find free parking just behind the hotel on the street in front of the soap factory. There are maybe 8-10 spots total--I've been lucky the last three trips down. So the Sheraton isn't all hisses. Anyway, the mezzanine/lobby area is a bit packed and can get crowded. When the show's popular it's sardines down there. The only real knock I'd give this place is the lack of a middle aisle down in the orchestra level. May God help you should ya decide to down a few beers before the curtains rise.  That's a long butt-to-face crouch shuffle to relieve oneself. Then you gotta do it again coming back, you'll be the villain of the row. It's an intimate venue and they manage to get top notch productions to come through (Wicked, Les Mis, Lion King, etc). Just heed my warning, don't go hard on liquids if you have a seat down low in the 20s or 30s. You'll be sorry.
In comparison to other Florida Performing Arts Centre, the Bob Carr is definitely weak!  Smaller in size, old in appearance, poor acoustics, and a horrible layout. . .If a show is touring to both Tampa and Orlando, I will gladly drive the extra miles to go to Tampa.  Very excited for the new Dr Phillips Performing Arts Center. . .
Very odd venue layout-wise. Horrible acoustics/backstage and the . It is very good news that they are building a brand new theater soon.
Came here for the first time Wednesday to see Wicked! $10 gets you parking in the huge parking lot adjacent to the Centre.  Don't have $10? The Sheraton right across the street has an ATM in their lobby near the staircase.  The interior and bathrooms appeared clean and there was staff present in key locations to point you to your seat or let you know where the restrooms were.  There was a bar area serving martinis and various cocktails. A double long island was about $14 if I recall correctly.  In the lobby vendors serve food like hotdogs and hamburgers in addition to candied pecans and other snacks.  All food and beverage (including alcohol) are allowed in the theatre area (be warned however that there are no cup holders).  The seats feel pretty small for a guy with broad shoulders and long legs but I guess it is what it is.  It was an overall solid first experience! Hoping they get the Book of Mormon!
What a great place for celebrations and performances!  I've been to a couple of plays and events here and enjoyed them immensely.  The lobby is gorgeous with a double grand staircase.  I can't believe no one has taken a picture of it yet!
Went to Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre to see Lisa Marie Presley. The parking is an issue. Hard to find parking in the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised when entering the venue. I like that it has a classic-vintage look & feel. The restrooms need ventilation. When I used it, it was very hot and stuffy and smelly inside. I didn't like the fact that there is a lady inside the restroom selling Chiclets and candy. It cheapens the venue in my opinion. Be advised, no cameras during concerts. No pictures or video recording allowed. Great prices on tickets and affordable merchandise for sale. I would go again for sure!
This place has an historic place in my heart because this is the venue I received my Associate's degree in Medical Assistance back in 2006. I walked across this stage. Just a little historic memory. Ok, on wards for my review of my current visit on May 11th, 2014. I seen my first opera, La Traviata. The show was excellent & amazing. However, the theatre staff was not very friendly at all in my opinion. Yes, it was Mother's Day, but the staff seemed so cruel to us. I went with my Grandmother, who is 88 years old. She can hardly walk. So we had to take the elevator. We had to get to the 3rd level for our seats. There was a long line for the elevator. We were about to got on, but the elevator staff member told us no because there is no room. It was how she said it to us & it was not friendly at all. We asked if my grandmother could go, but no answer. The people behind us wanted to go first because they didn't want to wait any longer. We finally took the elevator up & had to find our seats. It was dark, hard to see the numbers on the seats, no staff member was available to help my grandmother watch her step in the dark, & we didn't get a playbill. After we got seated, a staff member gave us our playbills. Due bad lighting, we couldn't read the playbill. I could, but my grandmother couldn't. The seat view was fine. During Intermission, the concession stands were crazy busy & you had to finish everything before entering back in. We had 15 minutes to get there, wait, order, & finish the product all in this time frame. The lines were not organized, service was slow, people were pushing me all over, & I had a few minutes left before the show started. I wanted to walk up the stairs & drink my water at the same time. When I got to the second floor, an old lady staff member stopped me in a very rude manner about no drinks inside. I told I knew the rule & I was going to finish my water as I walked up the stairs. She told me no, to finish it here. Meanwhile, she was yelling at other people with drinks. I understand the condition, but why would you serve people all this hot coffee, food, wine, & other products that cannot be finished in just a few minutes. Also, the prices were very high priced. $4 for a small bottle of water! $7 for a small sip of champagne! The restrooms were hard to locate due to poor signage.I was very disappointed how the staff treated their customers here. Parking was an issue as well due to poor signage from driving off West bound I-4. It cost $8 to park in front of the theater. I may give this place another shot in the future of a show I am really interested in. Other than this, I will not recommend this venue for anything due to poor staff, over priced products, & not well-organized operations.
I've been to a few different shows performed at the Bob Carr performing arts theater. Most recently I was there to see the Vampires Ball put on by the Orlando Ballet. The Bob Carr is a nice facility and offers a wide selections of great seating for different shows that come to town. Although not a huge facility, the theater offers a more intimate viewing of popular shows and performances. The staff is super friendly and helpful and located at every corner making sure that you can find whatever ur looking for. This theater offers a concession stand with alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
Vampire's Ball Ballet....I have never seen a ballet and now I am a fan. The ushers were extremely friendly and helpful when it came to finding my seat and informing me about the wine that was available for purchase. The dancers were absolutely amazing....Seats were comfy....you can tell this venue is dated but sometimes thats where the best shows are....
After being a fan, for over twenty years now I was delighted to finally see Tori Amos live. I hear that this place is closing down and that there is a new Bob Carr Centre. I'm glad I was able to visit this place before it closed. Amazing show! Thank you for pushing me towards the heavenly reality that only Tori Amos could bring to Florida.
Came here recently for the second time ever to see Book of Mormon. EXCELLENT show but I would've preferred a different venue.  It's just not my favorite place to see a show.   First of all, this place is hard to find if you're not familiar with the area. There is not really any huge signs saying BOB CARR so you're driving around in a circle. Thankfully I was with friends who knew that part of Downtown...and they were driving..but still.   Be prepared to pay for parking and there is plenty of it. Any "free" spots are snatched up early. My biggest gripe with this location is the seating. It's obvious that this is a very old location and the decor is very outdated. My friends and I have season tickets and our seats are at the end towards the aisle/exit. It's rather annoying that theatergoers have no choice but to enter the rows from one side or the other meaning that those seated at the end are left to get up continuously to let people into the row. There was a point where I stopped getting up and hoped the people could squeeze through. Definitely not enough space for people to get through without affecting the seated theatergoers experience during the show. Not to mention, that I saw a theatergoer carry a large piece of the back of a chair that had come off to an usher. C'mon now! That's just plain embarrassing. I can't wait for the new space being built Downtown. And hopefully they took the space between rows into account.
I can't wait until this place is no longer the main venue in Orlando. Every performance I've been to has had horrible sound.  The views are great.  Staff is always friendly. Parking is cash only and somewhat of a pain. The bar downstairs always gets crowded - head upstairs for less people. The bathrooms always have a long line. Do not try to get an aisle seat on the main floor unless you are ok with people climbing over you the entire show.  There is no center aisle and no matter how much you think you're safe, you're not.  You will always have someone stumbling in late and crawling over you. I won't miss this place when it's gone.
I have been a season subscriber for at least two years now and attended shows on seasons were were not members. I think I have a pretty good picture of Bob Carr - which will be no more for traveling Broadway musicals after the next couple months. The Good: - Most shows are pretty decent. Good acting and great singing. - Facilities are clean. - Staff is pretty helpful and friendly - Alcohol is allowed in theater The Bad - Not enough bathrooms - Shows are pricey, especially if you have a big family you want to bring - Sound system can be bad at times, especially for those on the balcony - Snacks are allowed in theater. Which means that you may have someone with noisy candy behind you who struggles to open it for 10 minutes of the show you are trying to watch - Alcohol is limited to a few choices - No middle aisle. Thank goodness the new performing arts center has a middle aisle. - Some dude decides he is so important that he gets to leave AND come back to his seat in the middle of the theater during the show while the rest of us wait patiently until intermission. - You may have bigots behind you all season and you will not be able to avoid their bigoted conversations prior to the show and during intermission (unless you show up super late to avoid their conversations). True story - I gave my aunt tickets for a show we had to miss and she said the bigots talked the whole musical about how they wanted to sleep with the lead female. Gross. - You may have season tickets next to a person who laughs inappropriately and grabs his crouch throughout the show. It is very distracting. My husband and I had to take turns each show who got to sit next to the crouch grabber. TRUE STORY. - Lastly people talk during the shows. Most shows this season were full of talkers. WTF is wrong with people? You are paying a good amount of money for the show - watch it and don't mess it up for others. I have been highly anticipating the new performance arts center with its new shiney facilities, great sound, breathtaking shows. The only problem is that it will still be a Central Florida audience. I don't think I will renew my season tickets next season but I will at least give it a chance. Orlando people please don't disappoint me again.
Well, I guess I can now officially say there's really no bad seat in the house.  I've been here at sat up front for Rent and in the back for Wicked, but I went yesterday with my class and I got the farthest seat at the end of the last row at the top of the balcony.  Saw and heard clearly all that was going on on stage and it was all good! Great place, a bit dated, but it can hold its own against many other performing arts centers!
I have been coming to Bob Carr for about 8 years now. My wife got me interested in Broadway shows and this is the main place in Orlando for ones that tour the country. Although, there are some community theaters in the area with performances just as good, for a fraction of the price! Here's the cons first: As other reviewers have mentioned, Bob Carr is old and in need of renovations. It's not falling apart, but parts of it have an old smell and look. For example, the men's bathroom has a smell of stale urine embedded into it's walls. And sometimes their sound system can be a little off. I always get Orchestra level seats, but I've heard from friends that you can hardly hear from the balcony seats. I can't wait for the new Performing Arts venue to finish, but at the same time, I'll be sad if Bob Carr goes away, despite my grievousness. And the pros: We get Broadway shows in Orlando for almost half the price of the same NYC shows. $60 to $120+ dollars, compared to $120 to $200+ in NY. Some of my favorite Broadway shows I've seen here are Wicked (2x's), Spring Awakening and most recently Mama Mia. They are always top notched performances. Outside of Broadway shows, I think I've only seen the Nutcracker during the holidays. They also have a season of Opera and Ballet I haven't had the chance to see yet, but would like too. My wife and I have done the seasonal passes a few times, which includes a package of about 6 shows from the Fall into the Spring. Usually we only want to see a couple of the shows, and hope the other lesser known ones are OK, which sometimes they are and sometimes they aren't. For the seasonal passes, you always sit in the same seats for each show and usually next to the same people (which could be good or bad). Our package includes parking too. I don't know about the other level packages, which depend on the type of seats you want and shows you can mix and match from. Again, I wouldn't suggest the balcony, even though I've never sat there. The ushers are mostly retiree age, and very friendly and helpful, and will sometimes joke around with you with some dry humor. They have some snacks and a standard full liquor bar. Recently they added a Margarita bar and southern cooking selections. Plus merchandise for the play you're seeing.
Get here early and prepare to smell mothballs and eau de Old Geezer! ha ha This building is very nondescript and as other have mentioned there is no walkway through the center of the seating, making it a pain in the arse for all involved to get to their assigned seat (not to mention creating an awful situation if there was a fire).  The tickets are pricey as well.  They charge Broadway prices for a podunk venue.  Unless there is a must see show (and I have yet to learn of one) I will not be back anytime soon.
No center isle in auditorium and the drinks are EXPENSIVE! $11 for a mixed and $9 for a bottle of bud. Drink BEFORE  you go!!!
My first time at Bob Carr for the Red Chair affair and I must say although I did enjoy the shows the sound of the speakers are just really bad it hurt my ears and its really a small theater they could really use a big upgrade. As I was sitting watching the show I got a slap in the face with cigarette smoke not sure where it came from but it was nasty lol. Parking is too expensive $10 when you can park for free across the street from the old Amway which is right across the street from the School board building which the garage is but steps away from the Bob Carr. There was only a few cars park there I'm guessing that either people didn't want to walk 5 steps or they didn't know it was free. So over all I would go to another show but they definitely need an urgent upgrade of the inside.
We've bought season tickets up in the balcony and they are good seats where you can see and hear the performance well. The stage operations are always first class--good lighting, good sets, good costumes, enough to make a believable show. The events have been worth attending, we've enjoyed them a lot. The bathroom situation is rather odd, women on one side and upstairs, men on the other side and on a different floor. But they usually move pretty well, handling the performance guests needs. Nicely maintained, clean, good mirrors. The food is pretty limited--you either like the snack or not. Its hard to get the drinks finished before the performance starts--they allow you to take your water bottles so that's a good choice for us, but they are expensive. Good gift shop with a changing set of items to match the show. Parking is convenient and so far safe--we don't mind the walk. Ticket takers and ushers are very helpful and willing to direct you to the right location.
I went to the Bob Carr for the first time this past Sunday (3/3) to see "Wicked".  The play was amazing, but I can't say as much for the theater. Thankfully my sister had been there before and said "get balcony seats on one side or the other", so I did.  The seats were comfortable and we had a great view of the stage.   However, when I got up to go to the bathroom, I was surprised to find out that there were only 4 stalls in the upstairs ladies room to serve at least several hundred people.  On top of that, the toilets didn't flush, and if you did manage to get a toilet or two flushing, the water in the sinks didn't work so you could not wash your hands. I am, however, glad that we got balcony seats on the end of the row, as when I looked down at the floor seating I was appalled.  The rows of seats had NO center aisles!  The rows had to be 100 people long, with NO center aisle.  I can't imagine how THAT got past the Fire Marshall. The center is old and needs updating.  There isn't enough room for all of the people to move around comfortably (if the place ever caught fire, people would definitely die trying to get out).  Prices for drinks were a bit high, but not horrible.  A window had blown out  before we got there and the area where the glass was had caution tape around it, but there is no way to prevent that from happening. I would probably go back, but only if I could get balcony tickets on the end of the row and only for a show I REALLY wanted to see. By the way - parking was $8 and there was only one entrance and one exit.  Another bit of poor planning.
Went to see Jenny Lewis and Ray LaMontagne here last night, the ticket a birthday present/ night for my girlfriend. Show was amazing. Generally any show I've seen had been well presented- good acoustics and really not a bad seat / view in the house. On the other hand, the concessions, bar and general set up outside the actual theater leave much to be desired. Not enough bathrooms, bars or food stands period. Expect long lines for all three. The bar prices are high- 9 dollars for your choice of three bad beers ( bud, bud light or Heineken). Mixed drinks ( singles) are about the same price- so I opted to do one of those. I had to halt the bartender from giving me mostly ice! For a bigger venue- they simply need more bars and bathroom facilities. In between bands, we came out for a break - my friend wanted a drink so we waited in line again. We were shocked when we found out the bar was completely out of near every liquor when we got to the front! Being that this was a pricier ticket, I was really just disappointed in the service. We also noticed another bar ran out if wine!  I will give this venue one plus- they did have a lot of helpful ushers to assist in finding you seat. The interior of the building just looks plain outdated. Hopefully soon they'll consider a re- model here- or better shows will be a new performing art center soon to come downtown.
Pretty good, kinda glad there is a new performing arts center coming. I recently attended for Orlando Ballet's Vampire Ball and I was so disappointed there were SO MANY empty seats... get your butts in them Orlando. Ok, the venue: the parking is pricey but hey, you can always park somewhere cheap DT and walk, our DT isn't that big. Now, the lobby and all around center is just laid out weird. It doesn't leave much room for much mixing and mingling. Also, it's not that wheelchair or handicap accessible. And the seating, wow.... there is not center isles, the rows are so long! The ushers didn't seem to know much either which was just weird. Why are you there then? Each seat seemed to get a pretty good view except the corners on the balcony's. The acoustics are not that great either. However, I still really enjoyed the show and had a great time so for now, this will do.
I have several issues with the Bob Carr Performing Arts Center. But it's pretty much the only one in Orlando, and it's not horrible, so in a way, I have to give it some credit. If not for its mediocre existence, we wouldn't be able to enjoy ballets, musicals, operas, orchestras, and other cultural junk, i mean, milestones. First of all, like others have said, parking is pricey. So you might as well come to terms with it, let it be part of the price of making yourself more cultured, and don't freak out about it. 'Cos freaking out is useless, and lowers your cultural value. Kidding. A little tip about parking (no idea why I'm revealing a deep, dark secret): I usually park in the garage behind the PAC itself, where SAK Comedy Lab used to be. It's $10, it's close to the venue, and, well, it's a garage, so your precious car will be sheltered, unless you get there late and you have to park on the top floor. Second, what is up with the lack of a center aisle? If your seat is in the 20s or 30s of the Orchestra section, you will literally have to go through some serious obstacle course of people to get to your seat. So what do you do? Get there super early and never move, or grow a shameless layer of skin and excuse yourself every single time you do. Third, size does matter. Technically, that depends, but in this case, it kinda sorta does. The stage is small, which makes bigger productions look squished. It doesn't really take away from the quality, though. It only gets annoying when you've seen these productions in bigger venues. This is an example of ignorance is bliss, I suppose. Fourth, if you're short like me, you will want to take note. The first row in the balcony is actually not the best seat for you. Pick something in the second row instead if you want to sit in the balcony (same price, slightly better view for shorter people). Why? Unless you keep yourself sitting upright and perfectly still that way, the protective bar that runs along the edge of the balcony will get in your view. In my case, it lined up with the edge of the stage so whenever I slouched ever so slightly, it cut some people's legs off. With that said, can we have the new PAC please?
I've lived in Orlando long enough to remember when this place had a different name, but too long ago to remember the name of it. I once performed here -- on the floor of the auditorium when they had removable folding seats, playing tandem piano with about 300 other kids. The acoustics need help, big time.  I know nothing about design, but something just doesn't work here sound-wise. The lack of a center aisle is a great big pain in the you-know-where.  If you are seated in the center for a crowded event, you'll be apologizing over and over again for stepping upon people's feet. This is the first place where I've seen reverse potty parity.  On my last couple of visits, the line for the men's room was out the door, while the women's room was flushing along with no wait.
I love going to plays. This place is less then great as far as seating goes. The shows are awesome but on general it's uncomfortable to watch a show here. You can see the the theater is dated. My best experience here was when they took seats out for lion king and finally had an aisle. Unfortunately they put the seats back.
I dig Bob Carr.  I've seen all kinds of performances here from the symphony and ballet to stand up comics, sat in the orchestra section to the balcony.   No matter where you are in Bob Carr, you've got a good seat. And speaking of, the seats are comfortable, soft and plush.  More room for long legs than you'd expect too (particularly in the balcony!)  They've started offering a pre-show dinner too, I've noticed.  For 20 bucks you can feast on sliders, bbq, a nacho and sundae bar.  Ok, so that was being offered before the Dennis Leary show... maybe before the symphony there are more refined options?  Eh?  Maybe. Bob Carr is a true gem, a classy place to catch a show.
I have seen a few shows here at the Bob Carr and have enjoyed them all.  The theater itself is small compared to some of the new theaters out there but it has not taken away from the broadway 'feel' of the place. I recently saw Young Frankenstein and enjoyed it very much.  Parking is okay as long as you remember to buy a parking pass a few days ahead of the show.  You can't buy it after 5 pm the day before the show so make sure  you do it sooner.   I ended up getting a pass for the public garage next door.  The transaction when thru fine but when I gave it to the guy at the garage, he made a noise and a face like he did not want to take it... but he did. The staff is nice.  The drinks a bit over priced.  There are not enough bars or bathrooms for a 15 min intermission.  That is my biggest complaint about the place.  It needs bigger or more bathrooms. Thats all... go... have fun... see a show...  get some culture!
