NV is a nice little art bar off the main downtown drunken path. Tons of art on the walls and great staff to serve you. Also this bar does a great $15 for $40 deal through groupon, yelp, travelzoo, or livingsocial. Check them all because deals are always changing! Go NV
On an impromptu Thursday night out, We hadn't managed to get the password for Hansons but decided we should head into NV Art Bar anyway due to the positive reviews. It definitely is a really cool spot with great decor, a real nice ambience, interesting and somewhat quirky artwork on display/sale and a good selection of drinks, which were also well made. It was fairly quiet.  We sat at the bar, relaxed and perfectly comfortable chatting to the friendly staff about everything from movies to mixed drinks to craft beers to UK Soccer players and Scottish weather! Would have been happy to stay here, but as if by miracle we came into possession of that evenings password for upstairs...but thats for another review. I couldn't recommend NV highly enough and will definitely return on our next visit. Thanks Guys/Girls!
I've been looking forward to checking out the new changes. With the Hansons crew making magic at NV, I can see it really becoming a "must go" spot. Love the minor changes to the decor and when I saw that they had my favorite beer, Left Hand Milk Stout, I know they had a winner. I've always liked NV but last night,  I experience a whole new version of it. Good job, guys. Keep it up.
I can only speak to this bar because I walked through it to get to a second bar, so for information on drinks and service, you will have to read other reviews in addition to this one. The venue is small, but long (if that makes sense). There is one bar on the first floor and barely any walking room around it if there are more than 15  people in the area. After you get your drink, and walk further into the place, there is much more room to stand or walk. There is also furniture randomly placed on the first and second floor for sitting, so I imagine that after you grab a drink, this place has the potential to result in a nice relaxing evening.
Love it...Love it Love it....my first time going to Hanson's shoe shop...I like the dim lighting that NV has and the walk to Hanson's shoe shop is great...it adds mystery to the password only entrance. The guy at the entrance of Hanson's is this really big yet cool guy...He asks for the password (seriously) then opens the door with a smile....I felt so official...We were greeting by a server at the top of the stairs. The only thing about that was I didnt know she worked there...I thought she was some random girl just being friendly until she gave us a menu....Ok the menu...I had absolutely no clue what these liquors were so I looked for words I knew like...Gin, rum...you know your normal drinks....So I picked a rum based drink...The bartender Rene' is awesome...(so are the others). Rene' gave great detail in what he was making for me. I enjoyed the fact that he put in so much effort...I felt as though he was making an elixir....which was outstanding. Drink prices are around $12 for one drink which is a little pricey but you get a great concoction and what can i say the venue is great....I loved the huge ice cubes....(silly, right!). If this place had food I wouldnt have left but since my drink was strong yet smooth I had to find something to eat.....I loved the drinks and atomosphere so much I returned the next day....OH...and get there by at least 830p if you want to get in without a wait....
Neat little place, very cool atmosphere. There is a roof top apparently that you need a password to get up too.  Neat attempt at the speakeasies of old. There is a dress code for the rooftop.
This place has just about hit rock bottom. No wine anymore, hardly anywhere to sit and they even took away the cool seating upstairs when they "redecorated". They card everyone at the door, even if you are obviously over 21 too (come on can't we use some common sense).It used to be so cute and cozy. Now its just sort of functional. Well at least they still have the art. I seriously doubt I will come back again. So sad.
Wow, this place has gone down hill quick.  What used to be a cool little cozy place serving up some wicked craft cocktails is now a strictly well drink hole in the wall serving watered down, over priced drinks.  Very limited selection of liquor.. in fact nothing more than run of the mill.. and weak, weak, weak.  The bartender even tried to give us the excuse that their "Cranberry was just really dark, promise.."  BS.. that just means that my vodka/soda/splash of cran was a soda/cran with a splash of vodka.. for $8.  Please.  Avoid.
I'm visiting Orlando for a beauty convention that I'm working and did a bit of research of yelp for a non-traditional party vibe kind of place. We are not tourists and wanted to do what the locals do...it has been hard to find authentic places. I've done all the research possible! Orlando is full of bars playing top 40 songs and I was looking for something a bit more authentic and was hoping for some creative vibes. Art in this location was cool but it mainly seemed to be by the same artist. It was very small but the bartender was friendly. My problems with this place is while my boyfriend and I were enjoying our drinks an announcement from Pandora comes over the speaker letting the entire bar know that pandora was being played from two devices and would either need to be disconnected from one or a new account would need to be made. Party foul lol. But that's how I felt about this bar, they don't quite have it sorted out. If you're looking for a true creative vibe and good music, not Rihanna and Bruno Mars hits try Courtesy up the street. Great mixed cocktails, creative people and good music. Love the ambience and the decor.
Ok, aside from just being a place to check out for an art venue, and a place to drink, I'm totally hooked on how this place is constructed on the inside.  Twisty hallways, and nooks, etc, love it.  Its like how buildings used to be created prior to everything being open and loft-like.  I know its a sad standpoint to make this the biggest "whoa" thing in the review, but hey. The art is great here as well, and the drinks were decently priced.  I went here on one of the third Thursday art walks downtown, and really want to go back to spend more time.  I have heard the deal about getting the password to get through a locked door on the.....2nd floor?  Haven't done that yet but is on my to-do list. Great great space to check out!
Swanky and Chill, this place impressed me with the vibe. A very narrow bar with a dope upstairs seating area with velvet couches and chairs.  The place smells amazing when you walk in, it's somewhat musky yet calming.  It is very dark and you immediately go into relax mode so it's a perfect place to chill. They have beer and wine only and informed us that they will be getting alcohol in the coming months.  They have cider so I am a happy pup! We only stopped in for about 15 minutes early in the night so I know I will be back many times to get the all around story of this place =)
Went to NV waiting to get into the speakeasy upstairs. We had reservations at the speakeasy, yet they made us wait an hour, and we still didn't go in. So we had a long time to get to know Alex the bar manager at NV.  He was fun, social, knew his drinks, and made my wife smile.
Pardon the pun, but NV is, bar-none, my favorite new lounge in a city that is sorely lacking viable loungy options. After seeing the discreet sign one night in passing, I recommended NV (sight otherwise unseen) to a coworker who was looking for someplace new to chill. She came back with rave reviews, so I had to check it out for myself. NV is wedged into a tight space between the City Arts Factory and some nondescript Monday-Friday businesses. The small bar greets you on your left side as you enter, but the real magic happens after you grab your glass of wine and head to the back of the place. Exposed brick walls are transformed into moody design elements thanks to strategically placed lighting, and a fantastic array of visual art lines them . Dark-stained hardwood floors give a great authentic hint as to the age of the space. A piano sits against one wall facing a velvet-upholstered booth. Up the old-school wooden staircase is a wider expanse of seating options, although this is by no means a lounge that is good for groups. This is the kind of place you go with your guy or gal for a romantic drink (or three) ... it's flirty, sexy and definitely intimate. The music was all over the place, although I can't say I didn't enjoy it. It was at a pleasant volume that allowed my group of three to have a conversation without shouting. As other reviewers mentioned, the bar staff was very pleasant, and even though the alcohol selection is beer or wine only, it fit the mood of NV to a T.
Super freaking cool new bar in Orlando.  On my favorite street for bars (Pine), it's dark and funky, lots of cool lighting and some fun art on the walls.  It's multi-level, and if you're up for it, you can work your way through a series of narrow staircases to an outdoor terrace.  Definitely not ideal if you're pretty lit and wearing heels... but seriously worth trying. They have a good selection of beers, some uncommon ones (double chocolate stout) and those you'd expect (bud, pbr).  The wine selection was pretty nice as well.   Dunno if it was the exposed brick, narrow walkways, dark lighting or the blaring Morrissey, but it definitely reminded me of Go Lounge... and that's a very good thing. New favorite bar!
Came up to this place right after a wonderful dinner out on the town with gorgeous Carla L. who looked ravishing! Wanting to still enjoy more of her company, we decided to walk in to this place simply because it looked quite inviting and not like the other velvet rope stuff around the area. Very nice ambiance, the crowd was very nice, more akin to an upscalish bar- a very good selection o beer, nice bar staff good music and the best company in the world. Needless to say, the night was a total hit !!!
We stumbled across NV last night on our way to Matador, peeked inside, exclaimed 'What's this!??" and immediately were drawn inside.  Sorry Matador. As soon as we  walked inside,  the Orange Avenue noise fell away and we were greeted by the friendly bar staff. Yes, you read that right -----let's pause here for a second-----when is the last time you walked into a bar downtown and were greeted by friendly bar staff? It's worth noting. We sidled up to the bar and ordered beers from their limited but interesting selection.  I noticed that there were also many varieties of wine available. The music was great - down tempo and chill.  When a song came on and my husband and I debated the artist, the bartender took it upon herself to go find out who it was - awesome!  Did I mention the refreshingly friendly bar staff?   The ambiance is art itself- a perfect blend of exposed brick, soft lighting, really interesting photography on  the walls, eclectic furniture and a great crowd. According to the bartender, NV is owned by a photographer and the space doubles as a studio during the day.  She told us that they will soon be opening the roof patio for customer access. I'm there when they do.  She also mentioned that they will soon add spirits to their bar menu. We wandered upstairs, relaxed, and were able to carry on a normal volume conversation--no need to scream over the music here.  We patted ourselves on the back all the way back home, feeling excited and smug for having found this suprising downtown gem.  If you haven't been, I definitely recommend it!
Hidden away on a dark lighted part of Pine Street in Downtown Orlando is NV. If you didn't hear about it from a friend or walk by and stop you probably would never step foot in this place, because you were unaware of what is inside. To date right now, it is the only place in Orlando that has true Burlesque type shows once a month.  Incredible show in a condensed atmosphere. Inside there is mood lighting, artwork, photography studio pieces on wall, and hidden nooks that you have to find walking through.  First time I was there, I made my way finding stairs all the way to the top - not sure if I was allowed to do this, but snuck in thru twisted hallways, and narrow stairways to be outside on the roof.  This spot was amazing.  I truly believe they should turn that spot into a "quiet bar" area, with seating, and some drinks, but keeping it on the down low. Another place to taste some hookah.  They have a good selection of beers and wine, not too many but an array to choose from.  Good place to go to at the end of your night to mellow down.
I ended up here for a birthday party, and one shocking thing about this place is their hours.  The party started at 10 (an hour on the clock I typically only see in the a.m. side), so my husband and I decided to meet up with some friends ahead of time.  We arrived around 8 to find that they don't even OPEN until 9 p.m. on Saturdays. Craziness! Ok, so once we arrived it was a cute little chill bar with only slightly overpriced drinks. I'm a craft beer person, so I was satisfied with their very small selection of good beers and ordered a Victory Golden Monkey. The upstairs is cute and a cool place for a birthday party. Maybe I'd come here again if someone else planned it, but I wouldn't head here on my own.
When I sit in this bar I relax (and that's not something I really do much haha). I don't feel like I am in Orlando while in this bar. This place has a taste and class (hard to find in Orlando bars). It's an Art Gallery turned bar and my only suggestion to them is to do what it takes to buy a liquor license. I will still go because it's an amazing place. However, beer and wine only will not keep the doors open. In one word I would call this place cool! Tip: If you sit by the door on the weekend and drink you can watch all the crazy drunk people walk by. Do some Saki bombs while you are at it!
Went on a Friday night with a group of  friends. My first impression was this is a cozy n' chic venue! Very inviting, and the old wood ceiling and reclaimed penny-brick walls hung with local art, really drew me in further up into their multi-level spaces. This place is a very unique feast visually and so interesting, you'll find yourself just gazing around feeding your head at no charge. I particularly coveted this one softly lit light fixture suspended by a sculpture of a forearm and the fixture chain grasped in a fist. Sorry that is just way cool stuff! Love Douglas's appreciation for his down towns' building's history too which is a truly cool and unique one at that. Be certain to ask him about it, and watch him "light up" with the story. The drink of the night for me was Crown on rocks ($8) and went well with their not too eclectic genre of music. Would have loved to cop an I Pod download of the evening's music really. Nice: not too rocky- not too nuts-ey new stuff - and not too lively or sleepy  mix of tunes = not too demanding on the ear. PERFECT! (Great job guys - that is hard to do with this reviewer!) The roof space was just opened up and we're told is not a completed work. Now this area, on a cool evening like we had, is the SPOT. Some of the adjacent high rise buildings have some Christmas lights on their balconies twinkling along with - - well I'm a genuine sucker for full moons. (Never plan a vacation without one! Our Travel agent even asked once if...)  I'm so impressed NV ordered that one up too and actually pulled it off! Wow, what potential this semi private (if you consider any really bored high rise on lookers) space has to offer when they complete their plans for it! You just have to go see for yourself! Again, their enjoyable mix of music follows you up there too. For certain though this space is only available to the agile- moe-bile. Steep and narrow stairs just adds to the private feel of where you are headed -we should have stayed there longer! NV is a non-imposing venue you can count on to pull off your impromptu "get together" without getting in your way. Parking will be a challenge but hell- YOU'RE DOWN TOWN- so enjoy the walk and count your blessings passing all the homeless hang-outs. Okay-  Confessions- it has been YEARS since I have walked the downtown streets at night. (Did I capitalize YEARS? good. Decades would not be a stretch actually) Sad to see Downtown so populated with the homeless element - but I'm also Sooooooo grateful for my GOOD LUCK, (feels like) SOLID EMPLOYMENT, HARD WORK ETHIC and the ABILITY to keep it all intact. See ya again Douglas!
This place is awesomely chill and a totally cool environment! It feels a little witchy... if that makes any sense. It is a very narrow bar, with a huge wooden staircase leading up to the second level where there are some cool seating areas. Unfortunately, my review for NV is short for now... We didn't stay too long because at the time we were there, they were only serving beer and wine, and that wasn't what we were in the mood for. I will definitely be back when they have a full bar! This place is pretty dope!
Downtown usually isn't on our list of places to go on a Friday night but NV lounge will definitely allow us to rethink that decision. The first impression was the ambiance. NV gives off a warm and inviting vibe. The bar staff were very friendly and made a great martini. The music wasn't too loud so you could actually carry on a conversation with your party. The local art on the wall gives everyone something to comment on. My most favorite part of NV is the roof top! That would be a primo spot for me to hang with my friends enjoying some cocktails and laughing together through the evening. Can't wait to go back!
It was the perfect evening with an ending at the perfect place.  NV is a great place to hang out, have a drink and enjoy. The fact that it has more than one story is great, you get different vibes in different rooms, great staff and we found the selection of wine perfect as I love a good red.   Sexy and dark this place is great for those looking to get away from the "thump thump thump" of the other bars.
So glad they are back open! My favorite 'lounge' space downtown, by far. Beer, wine, comfortable couches/seating areas (grabbing the booth upstairs w/ a couple of friends and a bottle is the best), regularly changing art and an eclectic mix of music (seems like it could be something different every time I go... jazz, indie, even goth/80s). A good place to start or end the night. As a suggestion, it'd be nice if they brought the hookahs back :)
I'd love to see how this place fares on a weekend evening when all of the other bars in the area are packed with people.  Is it the same at NV, or does it maintain a relatively low density due to the small size? I hope it's the latter.  I go downtown to relax and be old, not to be packed in a place like sardines and be forced to stand while yelling at the friends that can't hear me even though I'm so close to them that if we were naked it would become a whole different kind of friendship. Luckily, it does seem to be the sort of place that the Church St. crowd might pass by, so I'm interested in coming back. The rotating art selection is definitely a draw, as is the old brick architecture, generally good music, and relaxing-looking group seating on the second floor. The rooftop area is fantastic albeit small, but unfortunately it sounded like this portion of the bar is very rarely open.  I hope this changes at some point. Overall, it's definitely a place I could become a regular at.
I was here on a Friday night and the place was really dead so I got to get a good look around- the decor is awesome, lovelovelove! It is very small and I have no idea where people would stand if it actually got crowded, much less dance. The DJ was horrible, the entire time there was this awful house/lounge/jazz mix that nobody but him was dancing to. There is no liquor so I would probably never stay here for any significant length of time, but I would definitely go back to chill before getting the night started. It's definitely a place to chat and catch up. The art is interesting and there is tons of Banksy so that's pretty awesome :)
This place is wonderful. There are 3 stories, including a roof top! The atmosphere is so chill and sexy, I just love it. Beautiful art work & mirrors line the walls, comfortable couches mark the floors - it's just so comfortable. Great place for go for a few drinks, to relax, or just have a conversation with someone. Our bartenders were great. Very attentive and friendly. Definitely looking forward to going back here and possibly having a party on the rooftop :)
What an absolutely cute & cozy bar!!   Wouldn't have known it was here except for the fact that Yelp Summertime Street Soiree was going on.  Even then I probably wouldn't have noticed it except for the pouring down rain.   And I'm so glad it did rain, because this place is a great find & we had such a wonderful time.  We were lucky enough to get the little banquette downstairs and chatted with a bunch of people coming in out the rain.   The staff was so friendly and accommodating!  The place was clean, clean, clean - even the bathrooms!!! If I lived downtown, I would surely be visiting this place more often, but with that said, I surely will be back!!
Cozy and eclectic, this is a super chill place to come after work and relax with a beer.   It's narrow and dark and borderline creepy.  All of the walls are red brick on the inside and there's hidden nooks throughout that bring out the sneaky in you and make you wanna do naughty things.  But, maybe that's just me. There was nudy photography on the walls upstairs and Banksy downstairs.  Extra bonus points from me. Pretty nice wine list, decent beer menu, and sake.  My only gripe is no vodka, but I heard they should have liquor soon.
My kind of place. The atmosphere is really suited for an end-of-night chill. I stopped in with some friends very early in our night out. We were the only ones there and they were only serving beer and wine, which was not what we were looking for at the time, so we didn't stay long. But I definitely think it's worth checking out. Especially if you are in the mood to "go downtown" but not in the mood to "go downtown." You know what I mean? There's no bouncer at the door telling you about deals, the female bartenders wear clothes, and the place doesn't smell like beer, frat boys, and body splash. In fact, it smells really nice. ha. And I think they even have hookah. Sweet. Go see for yourself. If you made it this far in the review, you'll probably like it.
Honestly, I probably never would have come here if it wasn't for the Yelp Drinks week specials they were offering.  Since they only offer wine and beer, I decided to try the house red, which I was told is a shiraz.  It was not bad at all for a house wine. As many have noted, it's pretty small and has a very relaxed vibe.  That night they were displaying pictures of works by Banksy, which definitely gave them a few cool points in my book.  As for the rest of the decor it was a little kitschy, but in a good way.   I don't regret stopping in and checking the place out, but I probably wouldn't come back.
I was recently here for the December Yelp! elite event and I had such an amazing time. Not only was I introduced to this soon-to-be-hottest-spot-in-Downtown-Orlando, but I was also treated to the bar's delicious holiday mixed drinks. Although it is difficult to comment on NV Lounge's mixed drinks from just sampling holiday themed ones (the Christmas martini was amazing!), I have to say that you can tell right off the bat that you're getting you're money's worth ;-) But perhaps the best part about NV Lounge is the atmosphere. Don't be fooled by the tiny entranceway when you first walk into NV--the place definitely opens up. Venture upstairs and you'll find a variety of couches and comfortable chairs to lounge on, combined with an inviting atmosphere featuring a variety of local artists' work on display along the walls. And one of the best parts? The atmosphere boasts a "talking friendly" noise level, meaning that you won't have to yell above a pulsating techno beat like when you're at a club downtown. (Note: the DJ nights could possibly be an exception to this) Although I cannot comment on every aspect of NV Lounge (and therefore will be giving it 4 stars right now and not 5), I must say that I am excited to go back and see what this new hot spot may have to offer in the coming months.
Love this bar. We ducked into this place during the Yelp Street Soiree and much to our surprise they were having free Yuenglings for the duration of the party.(me like) We stayed there the entire time, except to dash out and grab some food and free stuff.  Angel and Phongsy were our bartenders/servers and they were simply fantastic. Will definitely go back here.
The only reason I went to NV honestly was just to hang out waiting for Hansons to open. The bar was not my kind of scene...dark, loud music, and odd abstract art all over the walls. Maybe I'm just one of those closed minded people but I don't really "get" art so it just seemed like random weird pictures on the walls. Our bartender/waitress was nice enough I guess and our drinks came quickly but there were only 3 or 4 other people there at the time so it's not like there was much going on. The awkward part was when our waitress started openly feeling up the bartender...soooooo awkward. I get its a bar not a professional office but have some decency and respect for your patrons! Probably not going to stop here again except in passing getting Into Hansons.
I had lipstick on my wine glass.  When asked for another glass the bartender just wiped my glass with the bar towel and said, here you go.  So now I had smeared lipstick on my glass, and who knows what else after she used the nasty wet bar towel to wipe the rim of my glass.  I just out my drink on the bar and walked out.  I guess they don't wash their glasses here.  So disgusting
After spending the afternoon in downtown watching a friends band play, we decided to walk around to see what bars were popular. This bar has it all, the inside looks as if you were inside a mine shaft! The staff is very friendly, and their drinks are great ( a little on the pricey side, but if you get there before 11 there specialties are half off) the 2nd floor is a small dance area with some couches, and the 3rd floor is a speak easy that you must call ahead for. Side note: make sure you are wearing the appropriate attire, as one couple could not get into the speakeasy because they were not dressed "correctly". This place is a hit though! Always booming, and very laid back atmosphere
This is a quaint little spot  with massive sex appeal. We were intrigued from the moment we walked in. The bartenders are super cool and very welcoming. They get a nice sized trendy crowd and have excellent drink specials weekdays before 10pm (half off specialty cocktails). There is no cover. Get there early, they only have a capacity for 80. Their sister locations are Vixen and a restaurant called The Fifth which I am defined going to check out at some point. Also, try the firefight shot it's very interesting.
The NV has now taken on new management and added a full bar to go along with evrything else they offer. I like this bar, it is small and intimate and a great place to hang out.
NV Lounge is a fun spot.  This is one of our favorite bars in downtown Orlando.  It's not huge, but it's unique and they have two floors open to the public.  Word is that the roof top is being transformed into a old school speakeasy.  We had the privilege of checking out the work in progress on New Year's Eve.  It's going to be a really cool space.  They have a bunch of these in Boston, but this might be the first one here in Orlando.  Pretty exciting stuff.  Keep a look out and try to get in.....if you can.
They finally got their liquor license!! This has always been one of the coolest bars downtown because of its eclectic and relaxed atmosphere. However, with only wine to drink it was hard to stop in once one was on a cocktail track. Now that is no longer an issue and it will be a great place for anyone looking for a more chill spot to drink downtown.
We started out here on Friday night. It was a cozy little place, definitely a good place to come and just hang. They do only service beer (domestic and imports) and wine. There is art work all around and the place itself is just unique. I did find out that they change the art work every third Thursday of the month. I like change, so this is my kind of place. :-)
Wonderful event!!! Thanks Coleen and Yelp!!!!
Ok, now it's been overturned by Church street management...I think...anyway, haven't been back in a while, Tom left and I think the essence of the place did too. I hoped that place was going to remain the gem in downtown, that went to Denmark and is rotting. I suppose nothing is sacred...nothing in corporate land anyway!
Was invited for a party! had a good time! Drink prices were fair.
I love this place. It's a usually quiet bar with great bartenders, great music, and local flare (artists etc.), a truly hidden gem. The focus on non-frat-tastic drinks (read: bud and Smirnoff) elevates this bar above the rest.
At first ignored for about 20 minutes, but after that smooth sailing. Good service and great beers.
i live a block away , if you're on a date and want to impress your girl , bring her to NV. So chill and so relaxed. always a good time!
i'll write an updated more thorough review when i return, but i just wanted to quickly give this place 4 stars.  my bf and i stopped in here briefly during yesterday's torrential downpour.  we were actually attending the yelp summertime street soiree, which was my first ever yelp event (and it was totally fun, even with the sporadic showers).  but i instantly loved the atmosphere of this place.  we headed upstairs and i immediately noticed the awesome door.  i love fancy doors!  especially if they lead to secret rooms?  does anyone know if it leads to anywhere?
