I've seen Blue Man Group six or seven times in four different cities and the Orlando show was my teenage daughter's first. It was a blast for both of us and she really enjoyed the crowd participation and interactive nature of the show, which is why I think the BMG have so much replay value. In any city with a Blue Man presence, it's always worth it to go and it's great for families as well.
Amazing!!!!
Positively the best show I've ever been to!!!!! Ive been to dozens. Its interactive at times. Don't watch any previews for it you will be amazing surprised!
Go see Cirque Du Soleil!! Most of the show is useless filler! Walking around the audience and silly skits!!!! Any seat anywhere is a waste save money and see cirque du Soleil!
Great Show!!!!  its Crazy!!  I love this kind of stuff because its different.  really cool show paint, lights, music,  and blue men !!!!  i went with a friend of mine and all the lights and colors kinda messed with his head so if you sensitive to that stuff be careful.  overall its a great show.  real trippy...
I saw the updated version last night and it was great.There new slogan is "Now More Wow" and it is absolutely correct. I had seen the old show twice and they used to sell a painting that they would make in the beginning of every show. Now they give that one picture along with two others to guests in the audience which is very nice.My biggest concern was if we were gonna be able to see the whole stage due to our location of our seats.We were the very last row in the corner N24/25(They usually only have rows A-N open unless it busy season) and sure enough it was a great view.It was actually funny to watch the entire audience try to dance.Onto Staff And Operations Review,AMAZING.All of the staff is very friendly and productive.They were more than ready to answer my questions and take you to your seat.Ticket prices are a bit high but you get what you paid for through excellent guest services, cleanliness of the theater and comfort of the seats and obviously excellent entertainment.If you have an extra $20 they have a VIP option that i highly suggest that you choose.You get access to the "BLUEPHORIA Lounge" You can relax in there 45 minuets before and after the show.You receive two top shelf drinks(Retail=$18) and a program(Retail=$9.95)before the show.And after the show you get to meet one of the guys from the Blue Man Group(Retail=Priceless).All of that for $20.I will warn you though so you don't get dissapointed like i did,the blue man that came out was rude and not very nice he rushed everything and wouldn't really acknowledge you.He talked at first but then ignored you personally.Overall as a fan of Blue Man Group though i was skeptical of the new show but it slapped my doubt in the face and showed me an even better time.
oh how i LOVED this show! i've always wanted to see the blue man group and my boyfriend surprised me with front row center tickets for our trip up there in march. they are very creative and super funny! they kept me entertained and laughing through the whole show. i already want to go back and see it again :) this show is definitely a must see! :)
Blue Man Group is one of those experiences that you don't want to miss. I've looked forward to seeing this show for years and finally went over my birthday weekend (7/20). The show is all about being connected to other humans (and not technology). Full of lights, music, sound effects, good laughs and maybe even some dancing. The seating chart is a little misleading. We sat in section C, seats 13/14. The chart makes it look like we would have been further back, but the seats were great! The only thing I would have liked to have been up front for, is that 2 audience members got to keep artwork. A lot of the action that doesn't take place on stage, takes place a little further back anyway. Do NOT be late. This isn't only a pet peeve of mine, but let's just say, you've been warned. Or, do be late.. it's funny for the rest of us. The show is loud, bright and entertaining. There is one section that lasts way too long and is just way too... quiet/slow. The more fun you are having, the more fun they will have though, so go in and live it up. You've never seen anything like it.
I was very disappointed in this show. As an adult with a musical background I was expecting this show to be more of an engaging concert. This was only true for about 40% of the time. During the small musical moments of the concert it was great, but I wish they played a bit more. Universal gave you more time for the show (it's about an hour and 45 min long), but gave you less quality overall. This show was almost an hour longer than it needed to be. Also, the show is geared towards children. If you have kids then I'm sure they will have a blast. As an adult, you are in for a lot of awkward humor and references which you might not connect with. I'm 22 years old if that helps to give you a better idea.
Looking at all the other reviews for this show in Orlando, it pretty much sums it up very well but I wanted to make sure that I get my little two cents in.  This was a spectacle of music, lights and sensory overload. My wife and I had never gone but we decided to go together for date night while down in Orlando with the kids and it was perfect, the place had concessions and gifts shops and the theater was comfortable on a hot summer day and was a lot of fun. I recommend it for anyone looking for something to do sitting outside of Hard Rock Cafe or Margaritaville in Downtown Universal.   Great time.
Essentially, we had no idea what we were getting into and that is exactly how you should go. Let's just say: dont be late (but hope someone else is) and it does not matter where you sit, but go, dont hold back and you will enjoy the show.
My boyfriend had a BLAST! I on the other hand not as much. It was entertaining half of the show. I felt like it was more of a kids/teenage show versus an adult show. Overall, I would give it a 5 out of 10 stars. I feel like the tickets prices were WAY TOO HIGH for a show that expected a lot more from. At least now I can say I have been to one of these shows and dont have to spend my money on it again when I am in Vegas.
I went into the show not knowing what to expect at all. My friend invited me and I had always wanted to come see the show so I tagged along. Little did I know I was going to get a little more than I bargained for. As you walk in you will find the concession stands that offer pretty ordinary stadium food (corn dog, pretzels, nachos, etc.). Beer is also available but they will not sell you more than one beer per person if you want to stock up before the show. Ditto. We ordered our corn dogs, churros and beer and quickly ate before heading into the theater. My friend got front row seats (14 and 15 to be exact). I knew I was in trouble when I saw a plastic poncho waiting for at my chair. BEWARE of the FRONT ROW (ESPECIALLY SEATS 14-20)!!!! The show was a combination of art, music, rhythm, and comedic skits. They are also ruthless. You can pay to arrange a public ridicule for a member of your party before the show, if you're into that. Another word of advice: DON'T BE LATE. Enough said, you'll figure out why soon enough... there's always that one party. I was NOT a fan of the Twinkies skit. The three Blue men brought up a little lady to act with them. In the middle of the skit some sort of slimy food was projected into the front row and guess who got a nice twinkie shower? ME. Not even the poncho was able to protect me from the slime. My friend thought it was hysterical but I was too grossed out to even laugh. I give this show 3 stars because I went home with -I don't even know what- in my hair and my clothes.
Really good show but a little slow at times! We were looking forward to this for a long time! It looked entertaining and different as a performance group. We decided to go to the front rows to "live" the experience but honestly you get more interaction if you are in the middle and back rows. They gave us ponchos in case we gpt wet but there was no need for them unless you were right in front of the stage in the 1st row. Other than thay we really enjoyed this show for about 2 hours!! I think is really nice for a uniqie experience! If you have annual passes for Universal Studios you cam get a reasonable discount on the tickets. No pictures allowed inside though! It would have been great if we could have had some photos for our own record/memories.
I always thought Blue Man Group was simply men painted blue doing percussion on a variety of objects. I was SO WRONG. It was a 2 hour extravaganza of humor, music, skits and audience participation. They brought people on stage, they painted with human bodies, they had giant inflatable balls going through the audience - and all without speaking. Oh, there was an announcer over the speakers who would talk at times, but more was said through the silent expressions on the Blue Men's faces. Wide eyed, curious and inventive. It's a show for the whole family! My boys LOVED IT. I would suggest noise-cancelling headphones for kids who are sensitive to noise, because the percussion on a variety of drums and tubes can get loud at times. If you have a chance to meet one, ask for an autograph on your ticket! They give you blue fingerprints on them! And the blue is contagious - as you can see from my son's nose!
Our family recently saw the BMG and had an AMAZING time. Does not get any better. We have a special needs child (autism) and we were seated in the 2nd row. During one of the performances, my son got himself on stage (long story.) At the end of the show, the BMG (like the blue dudes...for real!!)presented my son with a painted drum head and we got to meet some of the drummers and take our pictures with the BMG and crew. It was an amazing experience. The show was lively and entertaining. The only negative (if you want to call it that) was that there was no paint, jello, etc., tossed into the audience so we remained clean the entire show. The Tampa Trio was hoping to get dirty! Excellent experience and I hope we can return again in the future!
I don't want to waste your time. You can see the other reviews, it's obvious BMG is a winner. Have you seen it yet? Why haven't you seen it? I thought I was the last one to go...don't feel so bad anymore. Can't really describe the experience other than an hour and a half of pure entertainment fueled by energy. Energy from the performers as well as the crowd. Treat yourself, the steep price is worth every penny.
These guys are talented musicians and musically creative, but, the show is painfully slow at times and seems to have no real direction.  There are extremely long, uncomfortable pauses when they just stand there and stare.  I believe you are supposed to find this amusing but I'm not sure why.  And I think they are trying to make some kind of social statement, but, it isn't very clear what that statement might be.  Some back story would be helpful if you don't know anything about them.   I gave it 2 stars because there were some funny moments and the end was fun.  Overall it was just weird.  It wasn't worth the price of admission and my tickets were free.
What a great show... my wife and I had so much fun. The Blue Man Group is funny, entertaining, surprising, and a whole lot more. Paying the extra for premium seats is worth it too. I wanted to go back again immediately.
The show was boring at times and didn't really have a direction. I thought I was going to fall asleep a couple of times. They where wonderful musicians but honestly they need to give this complex to another group and have them preform somewhere in the theme park (like the Beetlejuice show) because honestly they are not worth $30-$80 per tickets. This is a one time buy
Your attention please. Blue Man Group is inventive, interactive and almost indescribable. After finally seeing the performance in Orlando, I consider myself a fan and one who would seek them out anywhere else they are performing (are you listening, Las Vegas?). The theater was not mammoth which makes it easy to get to your seats and makes it feel more intimate than many super-sized movie theaters. Speaking of movie theaters, I wish the comfortable seats I enjoy at the movies were comparable to the seats here but that did not seem to be the case. Without spoiling the element of surprise I will only say that it is amazing how emotive men in blue faces and dark uniforms can be and how entertaining some food-focused antics are as well. The finale is beautiful, fun and so memorable. How many theme park shows can make that claim? I think this show would appeal to all ages and all interests. I think the show is cute, clever and creative. And I think there is another Blue Man Group experience in my future.
I was lucky enough to score some cheap tickets through Living Social, because regular price is, well.. pricey!   Picking up the tickets was a breeze at the box office.  Quick flash of the FL ID and the tickets were in my hand, and off we went into the theatre.  If you want a snack or drink, you'll need an extra 10-15 minutes to wait in that line.  Once in the theatre, find your seat, or ask one of the many Blue Man Group ushers for help.  The show started promptly and was a very fun way to spend 90 minutes. This location has a more rundown warehouse feel than the show I saw in Vegas, but it fits the roots of the show.  I thought that they did a great job keeping up with the times and the jokes were current.  There was only one skit that felt slow, but even that was cute. If you can afford full price tickets, go.  If you find discount tickets, definitely go!
A great show to watch if you are out looking to kill some time.  A wonderful experience.
Awesome show but it can be a little slow at times. I was fortunate enough to have my name on the scrolling board prior to the show which was a cool treat. The ending is absolutely amazing and funny. The kids had a blast and are still talking about it.
My husband and I were visiting the Orlando area and decided to go to Universal Studios. We had no idea Blue Man Group was there until we were going through the entrance. Since we missed them in Vegas, we decided to see them this time. I think we paid around $160. A bit expensive for my taste but my husband really wanted to see them. We got tickets in row D, on the right side but still really good seats. The show was entertaining, the band it good, there was plenty of crowd participation and humor. I liked that the 3 characters stayed in character the whole time. There was a dance party at the end where we got to shake our booty and play with balls... it was fun. Safe for kids. I would recommend the show, but it's no Cirque du Soleil and it can't touch Penn and Teller.
The show was vividly entertaining, full of awkward humor and BMG-crowd interaction.  I went here not sure what to expect and left fully pleased with the show.  The location is not huge so you're sure to have a good seat, even if you're in the back.  Make sure you stick around after the show.  The players in the BMG come out to grin & grip with the audience.  They come into the lobby, not outside though so don't wander off too far. My only complaints: The seats should have cup holders. There is a full(ish) drink and snack bar but you're left to set you drink either in your lap or on the floor (if you don't want to hold it the whole show).  I opted for the floor and so did my date and within moments, both were kicked by neighbors.  Also, it would be good if the arm rests came up for couples but, since the BMG go into the audience and use these, maybe that's not a good idea.
Honestly I was a little disappointed in the show. My expectations were high having heard great reviews. There were times that the show was hilarious but then there were times that it was painfully slow. I caught myself wondering how long the show was going to last.  I will say the finale was a lot of fun. I was glad I went once to be able to experience it, but I wouldn't pay the high ticket price to go see it a second time.
Wow, what a very fun audience-participation experience which everyone needs to see. The premise behind Blue Man Group is that 3 alien life-forms have arrived on stage, and that the audience has the opportunity to interact with these incredibly-talented musicians, comedians, artists and actors without saying a single word (except for hysterical laughter). When you enter the auditorium there is a saying projected on the main screen which says, "If you would like to establish a connection with people from another culture, it's always good to offer a few gifts as a gesture of friendship. But, an even better way to forge a lasting bond is by creating something together. Whether it's a meal, an art project, or just a spontaneous dance party, when you create with others, you build a connections that lasts a lifetime." In a nutshell that saying explains your interaction with the Blue Man Group. There is a scrolling LED message board around the auditorium, and the audience starts reading the sayings out loud (much like participating in the Rocky Horror Picture Show). Once the screen goes up you need to be ready for a lot of laughs and zany antics. Without giving away too much of the magic of the show, you should be prepared for drumming, marshmallows, paint and other assorted liquids, xylophones, toilet paper, bubbles, water, banana mush, rock music, insane dance moves, and some giant drop-from-the-ceiling balls. The auditorium was packed with Spring Breakers, and the collegiate crowd was laughing hysterically as "The Voice" was saying "Stop playing with my balls", "Please push my giant balls gently towards the stage", "Ouch! that hurt my balls!!!". My group was seated in the "Poncho Zone" (dead center, third row) and we were each provided with a clear plastic poncho which came in very handy later in the show. A very funny time which I highly recommend!
This show has a bit of music, comedy, and interaction with the crowd, I also enjoy that they seem to incorporate some current pop culture into the performance. I have been to this show twice and both times did not disappoint. They have some main acts like some of their drum pieces that they always keep, but to keep things fresh, they seem to add in little bits of new material every now and then. I think it is great that the show is changes from time to time. The music sets are exhilarating, I always catch myself either tapping my foot or bobbing my heat to the beat and I love how awkward the three guys can be when they interact with the crowd, this is truly a great show. Highly recommend to take the family out, even the kids should enjoy the show. Try to buy the tickets early because they sell out and sitting in the front is always more enjoyable (beware though you might get wet, but they give you ponchos). And don't forget, if you are a college student, bring your college ID and you can buy up to six tickets at half the price!!!! A great deal.
This is the worst show I have ever seen. I bought 5 front row seats and fell asleep half way through the dreadful skits about Booty! This show is over rated this is the worst money spent ever. If you are corny and love every word about booty this show is for you.
This is one of those reviews that I wish Yelp allowed half stars.  I would easily give this show 4 and 1/2 stars because it's an amazing experience.  The show is very entertaining and funny.   The live music played by the band and the Blue Men themselves is what made the show for me. The reason why I can't give this show the full 5 stars is that I have seen the original show in NYC and while this one comes close, I felt that the finale of this show did not have as big as an impact as the NYC show did, and I was a little disappointed.  Don't want to give anything away but if you can not make it to NY to see the original, then this show is well worth it.
The show was okay but much different than what I had expected. I guess I was thinking much more paint and percussion.  It was more like a combination of that along with a comedy routine that included many pop culture references which slowly transformed into a rave......if that makes any sense. One minute I'm enjoying some percussion music with visually stimulating effects, the next I'm watching marshmallows being thrown into people's mouths, then I'm watching blue men play with 8 foot tall iPhones, and before I know it the whole audience is on their feet tossing ginormous glowing orbs around while some omnipresent voice directs us to scream different phrases. If I ever come back It will either be with young children or after I take an ecstasy pill INSIDER TIP: The auditorium is not very big, don't waste big bucks on the first few rows unless you really want too. They also picked volunteers for some stunts from all different sections so you have an equal chance no matter where you sit.
Great show! Hard to describe the show--it's comedy, music, variety, and a lot of audience interaction.  Very entertaining. The staff is very friendly.  We were celebrating our anniversary and actually got moved down to the middle of the first row behind the "poncho zone."  Great seats, but we did get hit with some banana mush...  No big deal, and they did warn us before seating us. Any seats in Zone 1 or 2 are pretty good.  I would probably try the "poncho zone" next time.  It really didn 't look too bad, and there is more interaction with the "blue men."
Really enjoyed this!  Definitely kid friendly.  Nice mix of music, humor and creativity.  Very loud at times. One tip for sure, it's worth the extra money to avoid the balcony section.  Most of the action happens on the floor and mezzanine levels. We sat in the balcony and I felt like we missed a lot.
Awesome, entertaining, funny.... I would recommend this show to everyone regardless of age. The more you get involved, the more fun you'll have!   I don't think there is a bad seat in Universal to see TBG.
As yearly pass holders to Universal, we make it up to Orlando about once a month and always pass by the BMG display on the way out and wish we could stay longer to see the show. We just made our wish come true, and took a trip up specifically to see the show - Totally worth the trip - There is a lot to be said about performance art, we can appreciate it with incredibly talented performers who take their acts to higher levels. This show is strengthened by the characters who don't need to talk but rather through subtle movements clearly communicate their message - add to this an insanely creative show and you have a stimulating performance that leaves you thinking about it for days. Like good wine, the more it ages in your brain, the better it gets and the more you appreciate it. I also want to thank them for making me a very small part of their act and having me throw pieces of Chocolate across the audience into the mouth of one of the performers, only to have him spit it all out in my hand later ..yuck ...but funny. Make it happen, don' t let this act be just a wish.
So Blue Man Group has been around for some time now and I never caught their original show. As of last year they have changed it from what I read and we finally decided to see the show while visiting Orlando. We paid for the possible get soaked area because we aren't uptight about such things and because from other user reviews it sounded like alot of fun. I was disappointed in that because we didn't get hit by any goo or water or milk. lol yea it's like that. Anyway during the course of the show they pick a few audience members to participate in some of the craziness that occurs on stage and I must admit that it's great. Funny as hell, great comedy, actors, And music make this show one of the best out there. Here is a tip. If your from out of town pay the little extra to sit in the few first rows. Yea you might get blasted with some type of liquid but thats makes it all the better experience. Towards the end of the show it's pretty much turns into a party with all the steamers and huge helium filled ballons bouncing all over the audience. It's a great time for anyone of any age and I would recommend this activity to anyone visiting the Universal area.
What a great show!  Sometimes it's refreshing to see a performance such as this one where you are simply entertained...You don't need to think or follow a story line or be educated, you can just sit back and be entertained for a few hours by some great performers doing lots of creative things onstage, sometimes with audience participation. When they began handing out ponchos and plastic covers for the audience members in the first several rows I expected it to be a bit messier than it was, but luckily for some of them it wasn't too bad.  I'd go back and see Blue Man Group again and would definitely recommend this show to nearly anyone.
I was willing to pay for these tickets, luckily I didn't have to, they were a gift!  As performance art, a musical experience, physical comedy it was incredible fun.  The part that I burst out the most at probably was when the audience member got to share a meal (twinkie) with them.   Loads of fun and you are always wondering if it is you they are going to choose next.  Happens that my hubby was one of the 'chosen'. It was much more interactive than I expected.  Just a good show all around.  It is exceptionally good for kids, they will love it.
My son loved the Las Vegas Blue Man show so since we had already seen La Nouba (Cirque De Soleil) here at Disney we decided to see this Blue Man as well. If you have seen the Las Vegas show then you have seen just about everything this one has to offer down to the same jokes on the red letter message signs before the show starts. I think there was one routine that was different but otherwise everything was an exact duplicate. Still, even though we saw the Las Vegas show 7 months ago, I actually had fun seeing this again-it's funny and unusual enough that it didn't get boring to me, and my son LOVED it again.  Be prepared: it's mostly slapstick humor with some twists and interesting visuals. The theater is nothing special and is actually small and hard to exit. If you are on the far side of the entrance you may want to wait for the crowds to thin before making your way out, or be prepared to wait. There was a photo op with the band and performers in the lobby after the show as well.
This is, without a doubt, one of the best shows I have ever seen in my life (all concerts included; but, this can hardly be called a concert). When The Blue Man Group first arrived in the Orlando Area at The Universal Orlando Resort, I honestly had no desire to see them because I had no clue what the show was about. All I knew about them was from the old Intel commercials which wasn't giving me a lot to go on. Finally, a few months ago, a friend who knows me very well went to Universal Studios with us and he told me I HAD to see the show and promised I would not regret it. Because he knows my taste, I knew he wouldn't lead me in the wrong direction. We got tickets for that night's performance at 1/2 off the ticket price because we are annual passholders & we had amazing seats near the front of the stage. Sitting and waiting for the show to begin was almost agonizing because my friend wouldn't tell me a thing about it. He just kept saying, "Wait and see." As others have said before me, the show truly is indescribable. You simply MUST go! If you live in the area and haven't seen it yet... GO! If you are here vacationing, then put it on your itinerary and... GO! After the show, we talked about it forever. My husband and I still talk about it now. We WILL be back again - once just isn't enough - at least not for me!
Went to see the new show the other night at Universal Studios. I was entertained and there were some really cool moments like the giant floating balls being let loose. We already own their DVD Complex Rock Tour which is a "must own" if you are a fan. Their comic antics are good family fun. I was hoping to hear some new music that might warrant a new CD purchase but that was not the case. Overall, I'm glad it was a perk to owning Universal Season passes. Having seen BMG a couple times now I would save my money to see the Complex Rock Tour. If it's a first experience then by all means go and prepare to be entertained!!
We experienced the new BMG  show yesterday. You don't see this show so much as  you experience it. This is a fun n'  good time with laughs, music and a lot of cool  visual stimulation. Love the 6 ft diameter  slightly heaver than air  balls  we all tossed around the auditorium.  There is a lot of  things  to  love about the show - and why ruin it  by giving it away? The antics can get to the point of watching 21st century clowns  (only now in mono blue) but just as silent - and with more "tude". My fav. vote would be for their first: "How To Be A Rock Star". I believe it was a better production (and music),  but they do still serve up the goods. That is only an  old vs.  new opinion. It's is a fun experience- try to get discounted tickets if possible. We both agreed at full fare- we would have left a little less than satisfied for that price. Show was about 1.5 hrs long. When ever did it become okay to  charge $2.75 for a bottled water? I missed that update, but hey, I'm not P&M because the show was a free preview. Just be forewarned.
The word that always comes to mind when I see Blue Man Group is "Original" usually followed by "WOW".  I have seen them in Chicago and Boston, but it is tough to compare the shows because it was over several different years.  Each show was unique unto itself.  This one is located at Universal City Walk, and a walk it is.  Be prepared to walk over a mile from the closest parking lot or cab drop off point. That said the show is very fun and entertaining with lots of surprises and audience interaction. You will laugh so hard your sides hurt at some of the new stuff, and some old slapstick style comedy skits.  The show flows very well.  I was so drawn in by it that I thought the slow was only about 30 minutes in, when it had almost run its full 90ish minutes. The band and music are very upbeat and good and the set is cool.  I would definitely call it a family friendly show and almost every seat in the venue is a good one due to the way the auditorium is set up.  Tickets are a bit steep, but I would put it on my list if I was visiting Orlando.
As live entertainment goes, this experience left a lot to be desired. The Blue Man Group is a mix of live music and comedy. I just don't get the mix though. Let me explain. First off, the music is great. The loud percussion play with rock, classical, and pop music influences were great. I loved it. The Blue Man Group kicks in comedy in between and while playing music through these planned but slightly improved skits. The Blue Man Group portrays themselves as these neanderthal (very slow) sorts that don't know how to open a twinkee wrapper, don't know that water poured on a drum will splash up when it's hit with a drumstick, and don't understand that while paint spit on a canvas makes a design marshmallows spit on a canvas will not. The comedy aspect of this show was horrible. I found it amazing that so many people were seemingly falling out of there seats in laughter. I will close by adding one caveat. If I had taken my young kids, the show would have probably been a success because I imagien they would have loved the music and the "dumb" comedy. This show is great for kids but not for two adults going alone (in my opinion).
Not as great as others make it out to be. Even for the discounted price we paid for tickets ($30 for students day of show with ID), I feel like we overpaid for the show. I felt bad for the older group behind us who said they paid $100 per person, and with about 10 people in the group that put a real dent in their pocket! Without giving anything away, I'd describe the Blue Man Group as a curious and confused smurf blue alien rock band. It seemed like 3/4 of the 2 hour show was filler with only 1/4 of the show being semi-impressive material. The Tuesday night show I went to seemed to attract an older crowd as well. I'd definitely file this one under "stuff white people like"
I'm a blue man group fan. I love them I've seen "How to be a rockstar 2.0" a million times on cable tv but I had yet to go to one of their shows. So when I heard they were going to be doing a permanent show here at Universal Studios/City walk I was down. The tickets 75 dollars before surcharges and tax are a bit cheaper than their Las Vegas Shows. If you get them early enough you can get up front seats easily. The main difference between this show and any other is that it is almost a "Best of" Show. It has pieces from all of their shows mixed together in a very interesting way.  There is some audience participation and a splash zone, we didn't get much splash but the ponchos are there for a reason because you never know. We had a great time and throughly enjoyed the show.
I am going to go a bit against the grain. I just cannot rave about BMG the way the rest of the local Yelp community has raved.  The show that BMG Orlando stages was great in the early 1990s when I saw it in Boston but it has not aged well.  For that matter it has not changed all that much either.   BMG is certainly high energy interactive fun but shows need to evolve and BMG just has not moved at all. Read the other reviews if you have never seen a BMG show.  Everyone should see it once.  Unfortunately, if you have already seen BMG, there is nothing new to see here so move along folks.
I'm sitting here nursing the remnants of a Renwood Zin, pondering numerology - how do I rate thee, BMG, let me count the stars.  Understand this: you're talking about a reviewer who's an accredited PITB (start that acronyn with "pain in...").  I mean, I've given, what, a grand total of THREE '5' stars so far, which, quick math says, is 7.5% of all the 40 reviews I've done, and one of them is for my CHURCH, for crying out loud.  Further, this PITB is, half the time, too 'cool' to slap his thigh upon hearing a genuinely funny joke - a guy of guys, who seems to frown upon externalizing his approval. John Cleese doing the funny walk right in front of my eyes might not even draw a guffaw on a bad day.  AND, I've SEEN this show before!  What are the odds that this is a '5'? In all conscience, if 5 stars mean, according to Yelp, "as good as it gets", the BMG show is a solid '5'.   Look: this is not masterpiece theatre or Hamlet with Branagh, but it's a great show! First, it's the creativity - whoever THUNK of this show! In a nutshell, BMG is a show of the senses: primarily visual and auditory (and some tactile stuff).  It appeals to your eyes, not just from motion but from colors as well, and the synergy of a well-thought-out combination of the two.  It exploits our appreciation for things that delight the eye in a masterful manner.   And to go with the motion, sound.  Here, too, it's a combo - rhythm and melody. It cleverly taps and ties the two (sight and sound).  For me, it appeals to something deep inside that's almost primeval.  Sure I think the show is a touch too loud, but MAN, it stretches your senses.   Breaking it down further, like many great shows, it passes the test of getting you to say, multiple times, "How did they do THAT?"  OK: hands up (honest ones only, please) - how many didn't think the first act (not to give away too much, but shall we say, it involves some skillful tossing and catching) - how many didn't think the first act was going to, um, STRETCH quite that far?  Other questions are: "How do they do those color splashes?" or "When they do the percussion with the tubes, does it REALLY modulate according to how the guy was manipulating the pipe, or is it a "trick"?" (either way, nicely done).  Even something as simple as "How did they change colors on those tubes they come together in the center for a couple of segments?" boggles the mind. So my rationale is, whatever inspires a sense of wonderment, even at a repeat viewing, has to deserve 5 stars.  Sure, some of it is technological sleight-of-hand (the banging of the head inside the TV screen), to which I'm hip, but I STILL have to say, "Cool!" because it's perfectly executed. So despite the presence of fragments of fromage, I highly recommend the BMG show, unless you're sensitive to loud sounds, or averse to the color 'blue'. Ooh, back to that Renwood Zin, an '05 old vines that I got from Costco for something like $15, it's one heckuva lot better wine than that $40 1999 Brunello I had week before last.   I say let's Yelp wines too!
First off, I'll just have to say I've never seen anything quite like it before... except maybe for "Stomp" - which had elements I saw in the Blue Man Group (BMG) but the difference is percussion is only one of the things they do, although the entire show does seem to be revolved around it. Without spoiling the show - just know that you will be entertained in a way that you never normally are.  This is definitely refreshing!  Unique ideas and bright, colorful props and acts all combine for really stellar experience. Fun for the whole family - although it might get a little loud for younger ones as they pound on the drums.  The Blue Men walk throughout the audience with their somewhat creepy blank-blue stares - but don't be intimidated.  It's all in good fun! Some wild things will happen throughout the show - so much so that the front rows all have to don ponchos!  The theater housing the BMG in Orlando was nice, new and fairly large - although not enormous.  Ticketing was no problem and after finding the right parking lot and the direction to Universal City Walk, getting to the theater was no sweat.  It's quite a walk though - so leave early if you plan on taking Grandma.
Where the Smurfs, Stomp, SNL, Conan, and You Can't Do that on Television come to life...together.  In one word...AWESOME. I've heard good things about Blue Man Group, good things along the lines of it being fun and to beware of the front row seats....but I certainly was not expecting to have as much as I did. It's definitely a great show for kids and adults alike, and casually fun and friendly like movie theatres with a concession stand filled with drinks, candies, churros, and popcorn. Audience participation is not mandatory, but you just can't help in joining the fun. As with any show, certain seats are best, and to be honest, if you find yourself near the aisle, you may also find yourself more likely to be part of the show.  And as almost everyone will warn you, if you do decide to sit in the first few rows, bring a poncho.  I know, it wounds weird, but you'll notice your seat neighbors have come prepared.  And though there is still some debate over whether this is part of the show or not, avoid being late....or else...... Each segment of the show had it's share of knowledge and entertainment, and the main performers were so great that even in their own silence, they will make you laugh. The music was loud, but not too loud.  The lighting and special effects were great.  Go, be happy, have a great time.  It's pretty much a guarantee.
They're my favorite
I went to see the BMG yesterday with my husband and son. After seeing the commercials ,advertisements on Billboards, and people saying great things about it, I was really excited to see it. However, after seeing the show I wasn't too impressed. I was expecting more dancing , music, and talent. To me being a blueman doesn't require much talent. We got a discount for the tickets so we paid $30 each.  That's the most I would pay for this show. However, my son who is 5 years old absolutely loved it, so I definitely recommend children go see it. But just to point out there is some humor for adults, although most children don't catch on to it. My son loved the Twinkie part.
The show is entertaining but a little less than I expected. I thought that performers would be more skilled as musicians and although they were funny they didn't Wow me with the percussion skills! I enjoyed the audience participation parts but some parts were just ho-hum. There were some really cool effects and the audience in general seemed to be having a great time. The theater is an old renovated sound stage, Nickelodeon, I think? I thought it would be nicer inside but you could defiantly tell it used to be a sound stage. Anyway, it was a fun night. We got big discounts on our tickets though. I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price for the show! BTW... Although it is OK for kids, make sure they are a little older, or at least on the brave side. There was one boy about 6 that was crying and screaming that he didn't want to go in the theater (I guess because it was scary?). His Mom dragged him in anyway and I don't know if he ended up enjoying the show or not!
I've been twice a year in between each one and while the shows were pretty much the same they were still great. The humor, the psychology behind the humor, the music, the sound and light effects were wonderful! Great for any age, from my 25 yro husband to my 50+ yro mom they both loved it, interacted and laughed the whole time. If you see a movie at the AMC at Universal, you can show your ticket stub to get $10 off the Blue Man Group, so if you see a matinee, it is like watching the movie for free. There are bathrooms inside the Blue Man theatre as well as outside towards the Hard Rock. You can buy popcorn, drinks, and basic foods inside and outside of the theater and you can take it in with you......with all they do, a little food trash is nothing! :) If you are with someone who is having a birthday or anniversary or something like that, be sure to tell the ticketing agent. I don't know if it is free or not but they make unusual pre-show special announcements. No photos or videos during the show. It lasts almost two hours and the A/C is on full blast so bring a sweater. Afterwards the crew is outside ready for photo ops.
This is the first Blue Man Group show I've ever seen, and the first time I saw it, I was very much entertained. It was funny, the music was great, and the set up of the studio was good. We got nosebleeds the first time we went, and we could still see things clearly. There is usually some sort of college rush discount on the tickets for those looking to get tickets the day of the show itself. But you need a student ID (which buys 2) and you get pretty much what seats are left (good luck!). There is usually also a discount if you or someone you know have an Annual Pass to Universal. Even though I was highly entertained by this show, I can't give it 5 stars just because it's really not something you need to see more than once. You can, I did, but it really was a little bit boring the second time around. A show that is completely mind-blowing should still manage to be entertaining even after the initial viewing. So, this is sadly not one of them.
Went for my birthday. How fitting - Blue at Blue Man Group? Yes, I agree! First, my review might be a bit bias, because we had  a couple of - very "hooked up" - drinks. I told the bartender it was my birthday and he added an extra shot - looked like two - to each of my drinks. A bunch of the drinks are "blue themed" which I found to be a great touch! I was a bit bummed as this show replaced what used to be Nickelodeon Studios. Now any of you 90's kids might remember going to Universal Studios and seeing Clarissa Explains It All LIVE at the studio, or sampling the ever intriguing, "slime" - which was just apple sauce, oats, pudding and some food coloring. Oh the memories. Remember that time they had a time capsule buried? Well they had to move it over to Nickelodeon Suites to be opened in 2042. Some items included Home Alone Movie, Gameboy, MC Hammer CD, Gak and much more. Check out the vid here: youtube.com/watch?featur… Enough reminiscing, back to present day. The Show: Awesome, awesome, awesome! It was surprisingly funny considering they don't say a single word. Visually it is awesome. They have an awesome part where toilet paper just pours out of the stage. Can't even describe it to do it justice. A funny part came when my fiance had to go to the restroom during the show. One of the 'blue men" followed her down the isle - broadcasting her on the screen, and she realized only when he scared her and she let out a loud scream. Anyone considering going. DO IT! It even made me forgive them for moving the time capsule.
Honestly, this Show could be reviewed in one word, amazing. The stage is fabulous, the performers are extremely talented and funny and there's no way you can leave the show disappointed.
The Blue Man Group experience is nearly indescribable, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense, but keeps you deeply entranced for 90 minutes that feel more like 15.  No joke, when the finale of this show occurred, I genuinely thought we were near midway.   It flew by in a heartbeat, but I had such a blast.  Expect to walk out feeling like it went by too quickly, and didn't make any sense, only to erupt into smile over the next month as you recall each act. There are several instances of audience participation where the Blue Men grab someone from their seat, which I believe to be staged.  I wanted to be chosen, but I think the secret lies in your decision to speak or ignore those employees at the entrance who attempt to have you fill out a survey.  If you are an attention whore, speak to these guys!  I believe they are looking for audience participants, and I blew them off like a jerk! You will have to park at City Walk, which costs a ridiculous $14, but switches to $4 after 6pm.  So don't show up too early, though there are plenty of pre and post show options within City Walk.   Seats are either $74 or $64.  Try sitting in the middle of the auditorium to get a panoramic view as the action moves up & down the aisles.  These are the cheaper seats anyway!
Third time seeing this fantastic show in Orlando - they updated it from the previous time I went, so seeing it again was almost just as fresh as the first show. Each time I've gone, I never had the chance to sit in the splash zone, but I finally did - 2nd row from the stage, center seats. It was worth the money I spent (bought them directly from Universal Studios Orlando) because the person I brought with me was a career percussionist (drummer.) It's comedic, entertaining, informative (not in a lecture way!) and exciting - you'll be talking about it the whole ride home. I am not gonna ruin the show and tell you what happens, folks, because you need to see it for yourself. :)
Omg, omg i have no words to even describe the experience i had, i also thought it was just guys painted blue and wooo thats the show. Guess what i was wrong from the moment the show starts till the end they are able to connect with you to the point where you cant even get your eyes off of them. The music its great, they so funny and they make eveyone a part of the show...... if you ever question yourself on wether or not you wanna go and watch the show dont just go and do it its so worth it
Thanks to my boyfriend's annual pass, we got our tickets for only $50.  Had we paid full price, I think we both would have been a bit more disappointed.   Don't get me wrong, it's entertaining, but I think the commercials make it seem more than it is--more percussion, more fast paced action, etc.  And it may just be that it's not what you'd expect from a show since no one actually speaks, but it just didn't leave us in total awe--which is what we were hoping for.  My little brother (he's only 10) absolutely loved it though.  So maybe you just need to be a kid and have lower standards. It was good, but as Janene H. said, the theater seems a bit old and in need of a face lift.
I thought this show was really great!  It was so fun, so entertaining, and very worth the money!  The location of the theatre is great.. you can grab so food and hang out in the Universal City Walk ... and then afterwards, you can show all the clubs and bars your tickets, and you don't have to pay cover charges to get in!  Excellent!  :) Quick tip:  bring a thin jacket.. even if it's almost 100 degrees in Florida, it's freezing in this theatre!
I finally decided to give the Blue Man Group a shot and took the family out while on our Orlando vacation. I had no clue on what to expect and didn't know if this was going to back fire on me or maybe become a hit. I ordered the tickets a week in advance and picked them up at the BMG box office the evening of the event. I'm glad I purchased the tickets in advance because the place was packed jam and sold out for the evening. By the end of the show, everyone in the arena was on their feet showing their appreciation for such an entertaining show. It is a must see to judge what you may and not may like. Don't let someone judge this one out for you and see it for yourself. My family and I enjoyed the show and the audience interaction is a plus for the younger crowed. It was energetic, unique, and funny. Tips: Order your tickets in advance. Don't forget the $15.00 cash parking fee at Universal City walk parking garage.
This was the 3rd time that I have seen Blue Man Group. Every time I have seen them I have absolutely loved the show. Words cannot describe the show, and saying that is very fitting because the a Blue Man does not speak or communicate with words. If you have never seen Blue Man, you must go, it is beyond anything you can imagine and you will totally dig it. First, let me mention the other locations I have seen Blue Man. 1st - Chicago. 2nd - Las Vegas. 3rd - Orlando.  I have to admit, Chicago was my favorite, but in Chicago, it was all new to me, it was a surprise, it was HOLY WOW COW SHA-BOW!!!! Las Vegas was the worst, well nothing was bad about it at all, it just was the 3rd best. And therefore Orlando comes in 2nd. I feel like the Chicago theater was the most unique, that is why it has a special place in my heart. Orlando and Las Vegas are both very touristy. More grown ups in Vegas, and the show did seem a bit more adult, they definitely had some Alice in Wonderland/Jefferson Airplane drug references. But that Vegas show was a couple of years ago and I bet it has changed since then. The Orlando show had a lot more kids. Sometimes that may be annoying, but I really enjoyed seeing the kids enjoy the show. The kids really REALLY liked it. They were laughing and dancing and having the time of their lives. It was really cool to see. Interesting side note. If you can remember the 1990s... Look up the Nickelodeon Building. Yes!!!! Blue man has taken this over. I could still see the bathroom floors painted like they had been splattered in green slime!!! As far as quality of show goes, it is very hard to distinguish, They always keep some of the best little traditions that Blue Man is known for and then mix up some new things. There is no rhyme or reason to what new things get mixed in, and not all locations run the same show at the same time. Just know that each show is going to be a little bit unique based on the chemistry of the 3 Blue Mans and the crowd. I was super lucky at the Orlando show because I got to meet a Blue Man before the show., and hang out with him after the show. He was a long time friend of my brother's girlfriend. HE WOULD NOT GIVE AWAY ANY SECRETS...and there are lots. But knowing someone up on stage really REALLY made the show special. It added a whole new element and possibly made this Orlando show the most exciting Blue Man show ever!!! If you have not seen Blue Man, YOU MUST SEE THEM AT LEAST ONCE BEFORE YOU DIE. If you like drums, rock music, concerts, modern art, or just fun and unique experiences, you probably need to see Blue Man a couple of times. BE PREPARED for CROWD INTERACTION. You, as part of the audience, have the power to make the show AMAZING AND GREAT or just mediocre. If you are 21, have a couple beers before and during and come ready to shake your butt. If you are under 21, you should have enough energy from the AWESOMENESS that is Blue Man to shake your butt without the beer. If you have never seen Blue Man Group, GO NOW there is NO TIME TO WAIT. Same goes if you have seen them, but it has been a while. I don't care if you catch the show in Orlando, Las Vegas, Chicago, or any other city, or even a traveling show, or even a show on a cruise ship...where ever is nearest, you must experience this unique phenomenon that is the BLUE MAN GROUP!!!!
We went to Blue Man Group on Wednesday Night. What a FUN FUN FUN show.  It is not a Broadway show by any means!  This is a brilliant, energetic, creative, and entertaining performance! LOVED the 3 distinct personality and HIGH ENERGY from the start! It's humorous, dynamic, and engaging. Truly, one of a kind.  Very artsy the music is LOUD but Excellent!  The Creativeness of the Show is excellent!  If you are going for a Stage show like Phantom go to NY if you want a fun Interactive mesmerizing show go to Blue Man in Orlando! Location for the Show is perfect.  We hit Happy Hour at Emeril's at City Walk then crossed the bridge and went to Blue Man.  This show is fun for everyone.  If you like music you will love the Creative uses of instruments on stage.   The Band up in the lofts They work it hard throughout the show as well!  Very Animated  Lit with Black Lights and you can see all pur their Hearts into the show! Wether you see it once to 10 times the choice is yours!  Go at least once and experience the fun!  I for one will be back again next year when the NEW show hits the stage! Rock on Blue Man!  CONGRATS on a FUN SHOW!!!
This show was great! I went here with my Husband for my first anniversary and I had a blast. There were a few skits that were a little awkward but the music was great. The seating area was very cramped and the assigned seating made things a little worst. We were assigned seats behind the tallest family I have ever seen. The man sitting next to my husband place his hand on my husband leg at one point. The man next to me had warts all over his face and was absolutely frightening. We bought tickets for the show at UCF for around thirty dollars each. If I had paid full price, I would have given this review a two star.
Orlando is known for its entertainment and honestly, even as a local, this one really is at the top of my list! I have been to see Blueman several times,... with my kids, with girlfriends and with my husband and even tho the show is basicly the same each time, it is still extremely enjoyable!! Quirky, artistic, funny, sense hightening, surreal and certainly original, but its not Disney and as much as I love the "Mouse", I love that the Blueman group is different than the hohum same old Orlando entertainment!! Highly recommened if you havent been... Even if you have, I recommend you round up a few newbies and go see it again!!
I was in Orlando for Spring Break this year and managed to catch this show with my boyfriend. The version we watched was the updated version. I loved it and I absolutely loved the ending! Two words: BUTTS AND BALLS (literally)!!! :)
For years I have been thinking about going to see Blue Man Group but just never took the time (or money) to do it.  Maybe its because I live here and I can see it just about any old time but I just never got around to it... until last night.  A friend of mine said he had an extra ticket to a show and wanted to know if I would join him and a few friends for a 8 pm show.   I had always seen bits and pieces of the work on TV and the internet so I was not sure what the show would consist of... was there a theme?  Was there a story?  Well this 90 min show consists of a number of 10 to 15 minute acts that deal with either sound and playing music or fun audience interactive bits.  So here is your warning... they are very interactive with the audience!  Everything from walking around... in between... on top of... and even inside somebody!   The first 4 rows are called the 'poncho' section because everybody seated there is wearing clear plastic ponchos due to the amount of liquid and some solids flying off the stage and into the first 4 rows!   I don't want to give away any of the fun so I will just say that it had me laughing out loud many times.  i was amazed at their music skills and the music from the 4 piece band rocked!   Get there a bit early so you can grab a cocktail and/or snack before the show.  A bit pricy for drinks but hey... it's a theme park... and I did end up with a souvenir cup.  Two of the men came out after the show and were in the lobby for pictures... that was a nice touch.  They do create some 'art' during the show and it is for sale after the show lets out but be quick because they are snapped up fast!   Just ask at the counter to see if it sold. It was a fun show and if I had paid 75 dollars to see it, I would of been okay with that... totally worth the money!   Have fun and beware of the toilet paper monsters at the end! ;-)
I was actually pretty disappointed with this show. With all the hype from fellow yelpers, I expected to be laughing my ass off or amazed or something. I was neither, and neither was my boyfriend. This show is definitely geared towards kids or the extremely easily amazed. I guess the drum thing is cool... but just not cool enough, especially if that's all you're going to do all show. *YAWN.
I like the show, they've updated some in the past couple years, but several of the skits are the same as before, which I guess I'm kind of disappointed about. My favorite part was at the end when they dropped the giant inflatable globes from the ceiling, that was really fun. I was in the poncho section, which was okay, but there was no need to use a poncho, which I found disappointing. I think the sweet spot would be somewhere in the middle sections. So, it was fun, but I don't know how often I would want to go. The percussionists and musicians are fabulous, and the skits are fun. A little pricey for me...
Amazing show! I have never seen it before tonight and didn't know what to expect. I always thought it might be cheesy, but was I wrong. I laughed and danced and had a great time, my 5 year old daughter also was rocking the house! GO!
I was lucky enough to see Blue Man Group for free, which is always nice.  I'd never seen it before, here or anywhere else, so I didn't really know what to expect. It's 3 guys in blue paint, that don't talk and do stuff to music, but I wouldn't call it dance.  It's fun, during the show the guys throw paint on each other, and spit marshmellows.  It's kind of new agey but not in a hippy kind of way. To be honest though, it's not really my thing.  At least, now that I've been, I'm not looking to go back but I'd recommend it to someone that wants to do something different.  It's expensive though, so if you're a Florida resident, check for discounts!
Hilarious and interactive! And not to mention I was able to get college rush" tickets with my college ID. If I paid full price (at a whopping $60-70 in comparison to the $30 for college rush tix), I probably would've leaned towards giving it 3-3.5 stars. I mean, it was funny.. but it wasn't THAT funny. If you can get college rush tickets, that would be the best way to go (one college ID can buy 2 tickets!).. and you can get pretty good tickets too!
Amazing! Creative AND funny. Less surreal than Cirque and easier to follow. Loved it!!
You have to park in the Universal Studios parking garage which if you plan on going to a show at 6, parking is still $16 before 6. Go figure. Be prepared to walk. You have to walk about 15 -20 minutes to get there, so plan accordingly. The show was really good, entertaining, and funny. I saw The Blue Man Group in NYC when I was about 9 and a lot of it I remember, but of course they changed some of it up since then but the fact I remembered it says something. Don't bother with the VIP. We were able to meet 2 of the Blue Men after the show because they came out where everyone was walking out of. I believe if you want to sit in the splash zone it is no additional charge and you can actually move your seats if you ask one of the staff. I saw it happen a few times. The staff was pretty friendly, except for behind the concession counter. I got a salted pretzel (dry) and a water for $6.45. The show is worth it, and it definitely doesn't feel like an hour and 45 minutes. They also interact with the crowd and brought 2 people up on stage!
I think this is a fantastic show, especially for families with 10-12 year olds.  My kids loved it!  It was sometimes childish and simple but parts were hilarious.  How these guys keep a straight face the whole time I don't know.  Great audience inclusion too. I do think it's overpriced but what in Orlando isn't right!! I would go see them again.
It's just over rated- This show is great for the kids but not for the sane adult. Tip: come high or drunk...maybe even both. That's the only way you're really going to enjoy the show. You know, looking at the commercials you would think it would be insanely awesome on how "artistic" they are, using the drums with the paint and just making sounds out of nothing. Yeah..... no. I went with my boyfriend who goes ape-shit by the most trivial stuff and it didn't even impress him! I say save your money and go to Cirque Du Soleil. These are my two cents. Hope this helps you guys! Mucho Besitos ~ Amanda
Sooo much fun!!! I love this show. I have always heard great things about this show and finally had the opportunity to. Before the show, my b/f and I enjoyed drinks at Margaritaville. When the show was closer to starting, we headed to the venue and purchased drinks (yes, they serve alcohol!) in their souvenir cup. When the show started...it was amazing from the first minute. There are 3 different tickets you can buy, we had the back section. The venue is small enough that you can fully enjoy from the back, no problem. The front section is called the "Poncho" area because they literally give you clear ponchos to wear during the show just in case paint splashes. I will definitely go again...and sit in Poncho section. The best part of this show is they get the audience involved and it's hilarious.
I haven't laughed that hard in a long time! This was a fantastic show.  So much excitement and fun.  You never know what they do next.  Very Loud so if you have hearing sensitivity bring earplugs but I loved every minute.
Very fun evening! The Blue Man Group is a comedy/rock/magic show that will make you laugh, jump, and leave you impressed. The show is Sooo much more than blue guys banging on paint covered drums. That is, in fact, a very small part of the show. We were in the 2nd row, which was fun, but I can't say it was worth the extra cash. The theater is alot smaller than you might think, as is the stage. That's not a bad thing though, because it appears every seat in the house is a good seat! Is it better than Cirque? No, but it is a good show, and definitely worth seeing.
This show was so fun and amazing! Went here on a Wednesday night with a friend and we had a blast! From start to finish the show was full of energy!! It's so funy and my favorite part was the rock movement and the big balls that fall down from the ceiling. Definitely try toget discounted tickets.. I ended up getting a triple a discount for 63.00. But I hear there is also a student discount price for 32.00 if you show ur id. But you have to go the day of to the box office. Loved this show and I can't wait to go back!
Great time! DO NOT BUY from outside vendor but rather call the box office for best price. Outside vendor tried to sell us tickets in row s for $157 and when we called the box office we got row aa (front row) for $84. Show was great and and interactive. This is a must see show!
Very funny and entertaining show. They have various acts and people have to wear ponchos Sorry I wont spoil it for you. Sometimes they pick volunteers from the audience. if you stay at the end of the show you can get some props form the show and a picture with the blue men and crew.
I live locally and was given free tickets to check out the show from an employee who works at the park. I am really glad I was given the tickets because I doubt I would have though to check them out on my own. I always thought the Blue Man Group was just a bunch of Blue Men playing drum type instruments, painted blue, and there is a lot of bright lights used in the show. Yes that is part of the show, but that is not the entire show. They also include comedy and audience participation. To be honest, the audience participation was better then The Blue Man group music part. This show is worth seeing! I might even buy tickets next time I have friends and family in town.
Great show! A must see in Orlando! Note it is a very loud show and if you aren't into loud percussive music you will want to try something different by the very nature of this show.
Everyone whether from Orlando or not, should DEFINITELY see the Blue Man Group. It's fun, innovative, and kid friendly.  It felt like a concert with amazing interaction and visuals.  Wish the tickets were cheaper, but honestly, it's worth every penny.
I don't like leaving one-star reviews.  The show is probably worth the price of admission just to check it out one time, but it didn't exactly blow my mind. (I thought the Flaming Lips in concert were a LOT more interesting). The show is probably 90% silly physical comedy, does not focus as much on the musical talent of the performers as I would have liked, and seemed devoid of authentic artistic expression. Cirque du Soleil, on the other hand, really showcased some incredible performers and overall offered a lot more beauty and emotion. If you have to pick one, I'd skip Blue Man Group.
Honestly? Disappointing. Good for the kiddies maybe but definitely not worth the ticket price for four adults. Did not feel tight, did not feel fresh, did not live up to expectations. Maybe if you've never been to a concert, some of the stuff would feel fresher, but it all felt a bit cobbled-together in my opinion, rather than having an arc. Wish I'd known how kid-oriented it'd be -- I'm no performance cynic but I caught myself actually rolling my eyes at some of the recorded stupidity, a little with the iScreens but more than anything with the butt jokes. (Bleahr.Ick.Crass.) I can find better recorded humor on Youtube; give me something authentically, organically live - $70 is a price for hard-core talent, not just a brand. I'd have opted for the Cirque de Soleil at Disney for our one vacation show if I'd known -- Even if that's targeted so kids can enjoy it(?), you'd have the acrobatics, too. There were things I did enjoy in the show, but I'm choosing 2 over 3 due to price for value.
Aw, my balls! Save the money and rent Idiocracy. Oh yeah, their blue.
This show was spectacular.  Very different from a typical performance, as the mixture of dance, music, comedy and audience interaction made this a very memorable event for myself and the large group of people I brought to the performance for a work function.  The auditorium looked very clean and new, even though it's been open for a few years.  I booked tickets though the group sales office, and they were very nice work with and everything was taken care of beyond what I could have hoped for.  I feel this is a perfect evening out for groups and families of all ages.  You won't be disappointed.
What a rip off!!!! I win 2 free tickets at the Altamonte Springs Art Festival. I go to redeem my certificate and 'management' is telling me that my tickets are NO longer valid! This is coming from the company who gave the tickets away at this event. I spoke to 2 people in management, and they adamantly state they will NOT honor these free tickets. I hate money-hungry rip offs like this!! They don't care about their word -- they only care about luring you in with a bait & switch sales tactic! F that!
I already know my review will not be like anyone else's for BMG, we arrived 10 minutes late. And we were told we had to wait outside for our safety and it would only take 2 minutes. Two minutes turned into 15. So we didn't get in until after 6:30pm for the 6pm showing. This is supposed to be the Now More Wow, new version of the old show. Which I've seen a dozen times. Initially I enjoyed the show, I couldn't touch the giant floating balls when they released them. I don't know if it's because I was so close to the ground being short. Or because people were letting their children loose and run up and down the aisle like wild little ponies I will never know. But I liked it, more interactive and involved than the last show..
It was certainly unique.  It was entertaining - up to a point.  Maybe if I could have watched 1/2 the show one night & the other 1/2 the next, I would have enjoyed it more.  It was just too much, too long.  Almost like watching the movie My Dinner with Andre all the way through without a break.
Wow!  What a phenomenal show!  I have never seen anything like this, so I was blown away!  I would highly recommend bringing a sweater to the show because the theater is freezing cold!  I would not get there too early, since the lobby gets packed and you just end up standing there.  The music was great!  The show was hilarious!  I highly recommend if you are in Orlando to go see the show!  Don't rush out at the end either.  The band and Blue Men happily take pictures and sign programs :)
My wife took me to see the Blue Man Group for my birthday.  We had a blast!  Now this is coming from someone who fell asleep during La Nouba.  One thing i would like to point out is that the "VIP" experience really isn't worth it.  Basically they tell you to walk up a flight of stairs and you get a free drink inside a very small room with no windows.  After your drink you walk back downstairs and see the show just like everyone else.  The only real benefit of VIP is that after the show you can go back up in the room and get a pic with the Blue Men themselves which was cool.  I would recommend this show but not VIP.
Very bad show. So weird and boring. It wasn't funny or enjoyable at all. The AC was also on full blast so it was freezing so we left after 20 mins of the show while they were eating twinkies as part of the show.  I want a refund!!
First off, it is a very cool show to attend.. No price taken into consideration. It is interactive, in the sense you clap along and even have two people out of the hundreds selected to go on stage. But for $185 for two tickets it leaves a lot to be desired.. I had front row poncho section seats as well.. I honestly have no clue why they give you a poncho at all.. Every single person that came left without even a droplet of water on them. It gets your hopes up for something that never occurs. The show is pretty much a quick musical by 3 talented drummers in blue masks. Like I said, a cool show if you don't expect much.. But with the great reviews online and by friends and family.. I expected much more for a $200 date night with the girlfriend.. Especially somewhere with NUMEROUS other avenues to spend my money.
Always a fun show, and the staff here at the Sharp Aquos Theatre in Universal Orlando is cherry and professional. Must see for family, date night, night out.....
I attended a show while in Orlando with 40 of my work colleagues. The comments after the show? "Best show I've EVER seen in my life", "Amazing", "Can't wait to see it again sometime", "Riveting". We all had a fantastic time. One of our group was called out on stage. The memories will live on forever. It was an amazing night.
Very unique show, something that can be enjoyed by anyone in the family. Definitely something to see at least once. It's hard to describe without spoiling the fun, just go in with an open mind and you're sure to have some fun.
Great show. Got the VIP experience which was not bad.
Fun show!  I'm glad I won the tickets and didn't pay full price for them though.  $75 would have been way too much and I would have been disappointed.  Went to the 9:00 on a Friday night and there were lots of empty seats.  I was kind of surprised.  It was a fun show though and my friend and I both had a good time.  I don't know if I'd ever see it again, but it was entertaining.
Awesome, very entertaining! We really enjoyed this. Prior to the show a beer vendor came by our seats and I had my first Yuengling in a can! (the little things I get exited about). The price of the show is a little higher than it should be in my opinion.
I thought this was a very good show, enjoyed the entire time I was there.  It is very interactive with the audience and was fun.  This will not be a very good review because I don't know how else to describe it other than awesome.  Worth checking out at least once.
This was the second time we saw the BMG the first was on the arena tour for the Rock Complex Tour, the show at Universal has some small elements of that show contained within but overall is very different. We had a great time , it is an awesome show and very entertaining. Those few on here that didn't like or say they weren't impressed are probably not impressed by anything and must be annoying to be around - you know those types. :)   This show delivers, it is creative, fun, visually interesting and the music is great - the additional band members deserve credit as well. I got some blue vodka drink before the show that was very good!  The Florida resident discount tickets were only 46.00 each and it was worth every penny. We will see it again for sure, my wife even bought a shirt and blu-ray.
Saw the Blue Man show at Universal CityWalk.  It was ok, good thing we didn't pay full price for our tickets...otherwise I would have been disappointed...but for $20 for both of us, it was worth it.  I won't be going again or out of my way to see this show again, for me it was ok.   I saw the Cavalia horse show a couple years back in Washingon, DC and that was pretty amazing!! I also want to see Circus De Soleil!! :)
I stayed at the portafino came to see the new Harry potter but this all I have to say is it's the most awesome crazy insane fun loud AMAZING show I have ever seen it's a must I have not seen anything even close to this ever it was a blast!!!
