Red Hot And Boom!
Best time to jog at Crane's Roost: when it is cold or mildly cold; Floridians stay at home...little congestion. Best time to walk: after the rain and when the breeze is to your back or in front of you...Local families stay home...before and after the rain. Worse time to go to Crane's Roost: Friday and Saturday evenings...bible groups pounding the pavement, kids in electric baby-cars taking up entire width of walkways around the lake and joggers and walkers having to move out of their way...impossible time to walk...photos ©APDeL
Attended XL 106.7's Red, Hot and Boom on July 3rd. This is annual event and obviously really popular, so the park was very busy! The park is huge with beautiful grounds. It's a bit far from where I live, but it seems like a great place to walk and get some exercise. You can walk along the whole lake, including on some pretty boardwalks over the water. There were a lot of park services staff maintaining the safety and cleanliness of the park which was great to see!
Great park to run or stroll around. Perfect picnic area. Very clean with wonderful restaurants and shops within walking distance.
Crane's Roost is kind of Altamonte's equivalent of Eola. The circle around Crane's Roost is almost exactly one mile long and has wide sidewalks, which make it a nice location for runners and walkers. The only down side is that it tends to be a bit congested at times. With good manners, there's no reason that walkers, pet owners, and runners can't make room for each other here. Unfortunately, that doesn't always happen.
Crane's Roost Park is located in Altamonte Springs near the intersection of I4 and 436/Semoran. The actual "park" is the good sized lake and surrounding area, which has been a great spot to enjoy a (1 miles) walk around the lake or enjoy a special event throughout the year. There are quite a few outdoor concerts and festivals, most notably the huge Red, Hot and Boom to celebrate the 4th of July. Non event, regular day parking is available near the office condos lakeside or bordering Central Parkway, on the far side of the lake. In the last several years the Crane's Roost area has expanded to include the Loft apartments and the large shopping and dining outdoor complex, located near 436/Semoran. Quick serve restaurants like Jason's Deli, Pei Wei, Five Guys are available along with sit down restaurants like Chili's and Hana Sushi. The (newish) Regal movie theater is large and offers a nice option, as does the Altamonte Mall for a way to spend an afternoon. Whether you'd like to grab a quick bite, enjoy a break from the office with a walk around the lake or while away the afternoon shopping or running errands, Crane's Roost has something for everyone.
Neat!.... Crane's Roost Park is a nice 1 Mile Walk around what looks like a man made lake/pond. Around the area you have some nice condo's and apartments. Also, in the area are places to shop and eat. In the end, it was a nice stop over for some exercise after getting my car serviced down the road!
I've driven along I-4 numerous times and noticed Crane's Roost Park.  I've even heard about it as well, but never gave it much thought.  I love parks and I have to say my expectations of Crane's Roost were low; next to a highway and a mall! We needed to do a little shopping, so thought I could give Altamonte a try and go for a stroll at Crane's Roost while I was at it. Hubby & I weren't sure where to park.  It wasn't clear if there was a lot or not, so we grabbed the first spot we saw along the road. We came upon a beautiful fountain where children were enjoying splashing their hands.   There was plenty of seating to enjoy the view. It reminded me of a classic park scene. I didn't realize there was a piazza at this park. I thought Crane's Roost Park was just a paved trail around the lake. During our stroll we noticed a number of people out enjoying the weekday sun. We made our way around the lake taking in the lovely views along the way. It was nice to see a number of benches scattered about the trail. While the park and the fountain are beautiful, there is much more to enjoy at Crane's Roost Park. The website offers a calendar of monthly activities including music and wine events. I look forward to checking out an event at Cranes Roost, the background is romantic for a lovely date night.   It would be nice to bring a picnic, take in the view and enjoy the sunset. If you have to hit the mall; coincide it with a walk around the lake to connect with nature.  Your mind will thank you later.
Ok, this place is gorgeous.  You wouldn't really expect it to be next to a mall nor near the side of an intestate.  However, while you are immersed in the lovely surroundings that is Crane's Roost, you have no idea what is surrounding you except some lovely greenery, great views and a gorgeous lake.   This is always a go-to spot when you need to get your job, walk or read on. It is so relaxing and truly does feel safe since it is so open and well lit.  They have a ton of events that go on here that is a little overwhelming because the parking isn't the best.  Also, not a huge fan of concerts here either.   Sooo... this is more of my relax and kick-back or blow off some steam spot.  There is a great board walk that circles the lake creating a great path to stroll around.  There are also some nice places to grab a drink and kick back too.   I think my puppy Haley and I have a date scheduled here... real soon!! =)
Crane's Roost is probably one of the most underrated spots in Altamonte Springs.  Being a native, I've had many memories visiting Crane's Roost.  Due to the lighting and the music playing, it's a great place to walk around with your significant other.  Also, since it's a complete mile around the lake it's a great way to run laps without thinking about how far you need to run.   Oh and I can't forget the various events held here during the year (July 4th, beer/wine fest, Halloween) To be honest, this is probably one of the best "lover's lane" areas in Altamonte Springs.  If you haven't ventured out this way yet, you're really missing out.
Don't expect huge fields and baseball diamonds... DO expect a scenic, waterfront walkway between shops and ponds that double as a mecca for joggers and conversation. With clean facilities, stage and a short stone amphitheater begging relaxation, no wonder this park plays host to many events. Children will love the fountains dancing to music on some evenings. Don't expect to relax alone. With its close proximity to packed condos, People of all types and ages come by here and it's hard to find a "private area" (heehee for conversation! Geez-- what do you think I meant?)
Funny that it's called a park...  I would've called it Crane's Roost Lake ;-) With the New Year came New Year's Resolutions...  running and general fitness top the list.  Crane's Roost is a great place to be outdoors and get your fitness on.  The loop around the lake is exactly 1 mile, which makes it really convenient when trying to track your mileage.  And you can run with your dog as long as you keep your pets out of the Plaza and Amphitheatre areas (you can take the top walkway instead).  They have doggie doody bags available along the path. It's such a festive spot too.  There's always something going on during the holidays and annual events.  We went for Halloween and they had booths set up along the perimeter for trick or treating and other freebies...  Wendy's sponsored one area where they had free burgers and chocolate malts!  For Christmas they had decorations all throughout...  And I can hardly wait to see the July 4th :-) This is definitely an oasis in the midst of all the hub bub;  It's very picturesque.  In fact, you're bound to see a photographer or two any time you go by this spot.
This is the place to go if you want to go for a walk/run, take the dog for a walk, meetup with friends, or just take a seat and people watch. It has a great walking trail around the water. It has has a fountain that a lot of kids splash in during the warm summer months. I went during the healthy living festival, and I had a great time walking around and collecting all sorts of goodies. They have many events that take place here on the weekend that are worth checking out. If you head to their website you can see all that they offer. Crane's Roost Park is also right is right by the Altamonte Mall, so it is convenient to stop in there for some shopping or air conditioning when youre done at the park.
Crane's Roost Park is beautiful. It is quiet, especially considering all of the activities, safe, has beautiful back setting for family pics and such and provides a great area for entertainment, family picnics, early morning jogs and more. The lush landscape and the 1-mile "boardwalk-like" loop act as a magnet to Mommies with their strollers, seasoned runners and people of all ages and abilities.  Lots of running and charitable events are held throughout the year ... I can't think of a nicer location for this! The Park hosts many events throughout the year, the most popular being the July 4th Red, Hot & Boom. They also host Safe Trick-or-treating at Halloween, A Taste of Altamonte, Annual Jazz Fest, and many other events such as Friday Night Live, Saturday Jazz Jams, Summer Family Nights at the Park.  Bring a blanket, a lawn chair and/or a picnic basket and make the most of it. This is also such a sweet place to continue a romantic evening, under the stars. My husband proposed to me here 8 years ago and my younger brother-in-law, just proposed to his fiance the day before Christmas. Both proposals ended in a joyous YES ... maybe this is a lucky spot too!
What a beautiful, immaculately clean park! I visited Crane's Roost for the first time when it wasn't a special event, ie. wall-to-wall people. I went for a jog around the 1 mile loop of the park and really enjoyed it. Even though it is right next to I-4 you feel the serenity thanks to the boardwalk along and over the lake. The grounds are well maintained with no trash to be seen and obviously well cared for plants. This gorgeous spring morning there were lots of people out and about, walking and jogging around the lake, It feels very safe too, I saw several workers maintaining the shrubs and walkways as well as some of Seminole County's finest. My only complaint would be that the path is a smidge too narrow. I was jogging and at times came to a bottle neck with someone else who was walking and pushing a baby stroller or had their ankle biter dog on its extendi-lead.
Fact: I will happily jog here alone and without my tazer.  That should tell you all you need to know about Cranes Roost Park. I didn't live in Altamonte before Cranes Roost Park was awesome. I've just always known this as a great park with a pretty scene that gets all decked out in lights for Christmas and does Fireworks every Friday in December (and a helluva show on the 4th of July).  Oh, and movies in the park on Friday's not-in-December.   The local music and shows are awesome, and Cafe Murano provides a great spot to sit outside for some drinks in the wonderful Florida summer evenings.  Or just grab some Cold Stone and head down to the park and sit on the steps.   Completely recommended, and if you live in the northern area of Orlando and haven't checked this out, you're missing out. Follow them on Twitter for the latest happenin's!
I love the parks in and around Orlando, and even though this one was in Altamonte, this was worth the trip.  The lake is near immaculate.  There are benches everywhere, and elaborate tents around the lake to provide a bit of shade in seated areas. For runners, the loop around the lake is exactly a mile I believe.  Its also located next to the mall and restaurants, but you don't get that vibe of being overcrowded by hooligans, lol. Obviously there is some trade offs you make,  there isn't necessarily a metropolis-like feel that you get with Lake Eola and the tall buildings everywhere,  there isn't the nature-like feel of Lake Baldwin and Gaston Edwards parks,  but, this park still delivers gorgeous views and a great music venue setting.
This park is ok, but unless there was a special event, I wouldn't make an effort to go, particularly if coming with my dog for a walk around the lake.   I don't live nearby, but if I did, I'd probably think this was better than an ok spot.... but maybe not.  I don't know.. I guess I like more nature in a park.   This feels more like, a lake with a walkway in the middle of a strip malls and interstate. What disliked the most was that there are "no pet" areas around the walkway.  So if you're walking your dog, there are parts where you have to cross the street and walk along a sidewalk where there is literally zero land space for pups to take care of business. The sidewalks are very narrow, and over the Christmas holidays they have all kinds of decorations up which look nice... but make a narrow space even more so.   It is a nice park though, and it is very well kept.  If you're traveling to the Altamonte area, staying at one of the hotels that surround it would be recommended.     Generally speaking, not my favorite spot for a walk, but in a pinch, it'll do.
Cranes Roost is a park located in Altamonte and has been transformed in to a very nice park to come and go for a run or just walk and enjoy the breeze or bring your date. Before all this remodeling around and in the park it self it was nothing like it is now it was simply just a lake and nothing much to look at. They have build so many business around and fixed it up so well that it brings thousands of crowds for events like Fourth of July fire works and on Halloween they give out candy and Christmas there is a Santa Claus to take pictures with the kids. The lake is very nice and the whole park over all is very relaxing place to come and they even have large fish in the lake and turtles you can feed some bread or even go fishing here, if you get lucky to catch one. The park/lake is located next to restaurants and the Altamonte Mall and a new movie theater, from what i remember as a kid this park has been here for years but truly has been change in to Uptown Altamonte and it is now attracting business and people to even live by the park with condominiums build right next to the lake. They have a water fountain and a a dock and lots of chairs to sit or you can even sit on the grass. The park is always kept very clean and there is always something going on there on the weekends. It is located next to I-4 but it makes it better for a lot of people because they are just a few short feet away coming from I-4 once they get of the highway to go to the park.
Love walking around this area and around the lake/pond.  There are frequent festivals and events going on to see arts and crafts vendors, enjoy wine tasting, and even music festivals!  Located right by Altamonte Mall, the traffic can get busy real quick if on a nice day.  I've also brought a blanket and just napped in the grass- SO nice!  Always something to do in this area!
I adore Cranes Roost. I was first introduced to Cranes Roost trying to find shortcuts around the mall next door. Then I realized this was an amazing place to go running at night. I've never been much of a person to go running outside (hello, it's like 100+ degrees everyday) but the lake creates a breeze and it is just wonderful. They really keep the park looking nice - there is a beautiful fountain, docks, tons of places to sit, as well as restrooms that are right off the walk way. Not only is it a great place to go for an evening run or a stroll, it's a great place to catch dinner! There are a few restaurants across the street - I definitely want to check those out soon. They also hold other events at Cranes Roost, as Rayni mentioned, such as movies and fireworks (Red Hot & Boom). Love, love, love this place!
This really is a gem inside the city of Altamonte Springs.  I tend to enjoy it far more than Lake Eola Park, especially for walking around the lake.  It is measured out to be a mile doing one circle around the lake, so you always know how far you have walked (or ran), and the place is kept very clean, including the bathrooms.  The fountain section that they installed a few years back is a fantastic addition, as nightly, they put on shows coordinated with lights and music.   What really helps this place shine is all the events they put on.   You can do anything here from wine tasting to fireworks.  Their 3rd of July fireworks show is consistently the best in Orlando, and the Christmas decorations here are just outstanding.   Overall, the only thing I would love to see happen here at some point is a nice playground area for kids, or possibly a splash pad area.  There are several large pieces of land by the lake that were destined for retail or condos during the real estate boom, and those have been left empty now for years.  It is time they put them to good use, and improve what is already a great place.
Confession: I've lived in Orlando since 1999 and this is the first time I've been to Cranes Roost Park. Meh! I like Lake Eola better. Maybe that's unfair, but as I ran around the lake, that was the thought I kept having. There is a nice loop around the lake for running, walking your dog, etc and not many homeless folks like you find downtown but for me, something is missing. every time I looped around and I-4 was right next to me, I became distracted. The loop is about a mile so it's easy to judge your mileage and it is kind of cool running the walkway above the lake. Cranes Roost is nice enough and If I lived toward Longwood, I'd probably go here more but for now, I'll stick to my beloved Lake Eola.
Nestled in the heart of Uptown Altamonte, Cranes Roost quietly beckons runners, walkers, friends and families to enjoy its pristine views, lush landscaping and 1-mile scenic loop. For runners, Cranes Roost offers a lit outside running trail with the distance easily measured. For families, it provides a great place to escape and enjoy some precious time together. For couples, it is the ideal spot for a continued romantic evening. Events are held regularly such as a huge annual 4th of July bash with fireworks and concerts and trick or treating for kids on Halloween. Other events include a fine art festival, local band performances, comedic performances and holiday light shows.
Best place to go for a walk, eat lunch outside, go for a run, and enjoy all of the events that this park has to offer year 'round!
Even though Crane's Roost Park is a very simple park with an approx. 1-mile loop, there's still quite a few things that you can do there. You can walk, run, chill, watch concerts, watch the fountain show (8 & 9pm every evening except Tuesdays, last I checked), or attend one of the many, many events. I've watched a movie that they display on a big screen by the tower. I've gone to Red, Hot & Boom twice. I've walked around the lake numerous times. I've gone to check out a car show. I've gone to just sit and talk with a friend many times. I've gone on photo-walks. And every single time, I've always had a pleasant experience (except for the time I dumped hot chocolate on my top while on a date. D'oh!). This park is pleasant because of how well they keep it up. Even after the Hurricane-wannabe Faye flooded it, the clean-up was done promptly.  So, even though it's not a nature haven, and it's somewhat small, it's still my favorite city park in the Greater Orlando area.
I used to really enjoy stopping by here when I lived in Longwood/Lake Mary/Heathrow in the past, but now I don't make it up here very much since I live in College Park. Still, it's not THAT FAR of a drive up, so maybe I'll be there again soon. It's definitely a great place to visit if you just want to go for a walk, run/jog, enjoy the scenery and so on. It's even very safe at night, too. (MUCH SAFER than Lake Eola, I'm sure.) Crane's Roost is very close to the Altamonte Mall, I-4 & Uptown Altamonte, which is another great benefit. During holidays, there are, as Annette G. pointed out, special events, which in the past have been very populous without being overcrowded. I've seen Fourth of July fireworks shows here and have always had fun during those. The park's fireworks shows on that holiday may be the best in town since many people I know always listed that event as their preferred option if they went out to see fireworks that night. I'm unsure which Christmastime special events there are here, though the park and its outskirts are decorated nicely during that time of the year. The weather's getting nicer and warmer now, so I may be up to Crane's Roost soon to go for walks. I have no problem with going around my neighborhood for that, though I've been doing that for almost 2 years now and it's getting a little stale. I miss Crane's Roost! If I make it up there soon, I'll update my review afterwards.
I recently moved to Altamonte and am absolutely loving the convenient location, free entertainment, and beautiful location. For some reason, I have an obsession with the fountain show at Uptown Altamonte. I'm not sure why, but the dancing water to classical music, as well as 70s and 80s, is very entertaining. It's also funny to see the little kids trying to grab at the water and run away when the show starts. The lake walkway is great, too. There are always runners, hikers, and pet lovers getting exercise and feeding the ducks, and everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. The park is well-maintained, which is a huge plus because my dogs will eat anything that falls into their path and resembles food. I've recently discovered jazz jam Fridays, where bands come out and play for free. You can set up a little picnic and listen to the music, and there are usually a couple of vendors selling their wares. I do miss downtown Orlando, but am getting more attached to the little city to the east.
I have attended this park for different festivities they hold. Although the space is large enough to carry a lot more business booths, I love this park to walk around. Clean, beautiful place. It is located right next to the Altamonte Mall, so you can take the kids for a stroll and then walk in the mall to eat. I just wish the events were bigger, not just one strip of booths. However I do love this area!
In Altamonte Springs, almost right off the exit lies a pretty neat lake area surrounded by restaurants, shops and a path for running or walking.  It's well lit and has covered areas sprinkled throughout the perimeter so you can take a break from the sun if you need to.   It's a notable place to go on weekends in the summer because they offer live concerts out of their small amphitheater.   Plus a snazzy Italian Restaurant, Gina's Lakeside Grill, sits alongside the path that seems like a good place to go for a special occasion.  It reminded me of Lake Eola except that it's newer and has far less birds scattered about.   You can't bring your pet or you bike, so be sure to leave them at home if you go.  Do pack a lunch though, it's a great place for brown bagging it with a book.
Great place for a run around the lake or a nice time listening to music on fridays. Festivals get full quickly but still a great place to be. Parking for festivals can be found at the Altamonte Mall.
Love it there. You can walk/run one mile around the water. Gorgeous views and perfect place to have pictures taken.
The park is a great place for families, couples, teens, or individuals looking to take a walk.  Free jazz concerts are offered in the summer and live music every Friday.  A tree lighting ceremony with fireworks is held the first Saturday in December.  The annual July fireworks are held on the 3rd of July.  The park has easy access to restaurants, the Altamonte Mall, hotels, movie theater, and interstate 4.
This is a nice park with beautiful views. The Red Hot and Boom festival is held here before the Fourth of July. They put on a great show with good bands and great fireworks.
We like to stop here every so often for a nice walk around the lake. We like that it is near shopping and restaurants so you could stop for a nice dinner and then take a stroll around the park. We've been here several times for the Red Hot and Boom Independence day fireworks show. It gets really packed, but the show is one of the best!
Beautiful landscape, great place for families close to Orlando area,path  for jogging , walking  or simply sightseeing around the beautiful Lake. Lots of restaurants And Altamonte Mall close by
Cranes Roost is a great park.  Walkers, runners and duck feeders are just a sample of what is going on all the time. You can feed the fish and turtles in the water or just sit relaxing.  The 4th of July firework show is amazing and can compete with Disney.  They keep the park spotless and they have special events going on all the time.
Great for a walk around a lake setting if you're in the Altamonte Springs area. The sidewalk around the lake has nice bridges or decks to vary the walk and is about one mile of walking. There is adequate lighting for night time walks too if you're in the mood, or want to spend time with that special someone!
I especially enjoy the lake, the ducks and birds, and the fountain at night is really neat!  Great place to go for a refreshing walk.  Special areas designated for pets.
My wife and I love to come here. It's always an enjoyable experience. It's not uncommon to see some teenagers breakdancing or doing some sort of other activity near the steps. Also there're always people out here jogging or walking and we have seen weddings on numerous occasions. Also there are great little restaurants and shops in Uptown Altamonte which is what Crane's Roost is a part of. Highly recommend that you catch the Christmas lights every year in December. There is also a weekly movie in the park as well as monthly events.
For 4th of July, Red Hot and Boom was hosted here, sheesh it was extremely packed to the point we had to leave from all the heat. However this park was spacious enough to fit in that massive amount of people for a holiday event. Crane Roost's park seems like a very pleasant walk on a day when half of Altamonte isn't there. Plus they have ducks to make you feel like you are connected to the wilderness.
A Nice place to go for a walk on a spring evening.
Wonderful park and place to hang out. Love all the updates too!
I love this park. It kind of has it all. As others have mentioned, it is a mile around the lake making it easy to track your workout.  It can get a little crowded during weeknights and for most of the "trail" the sidewalk is not too wide making it difficult to maneuver around others. The park is always clean and well lit. It's nice for joggers, nice for a quick walk, for the live entertainment and events they often have, for the young ones to run around and watch the choreographed fountain shows, for people watching and for nearby food and shopping. It's great during the day for a photo op or feeding the turtles/ducks with the kiddos. You can also take your dogs for a walk here and there are doggy bag stations around the park and plenty of grass for them :) There is a bathroom station, a bike rack and water fountains as well.
I lived in Altamonte Springs during the early 90's and Crane's Roost park was always a refuge to me. I lived next to it so it was very convenient. I haven't been back since and I see that it has changed a lot with lots of construction. There's nothing that I could compare it to here in the Greater Washington D.C. area. I do agree that this is an underrated Central Florida attraction. Used to walk it with dates at night and its very peaceful even with I-4 and S.R. 436 next to it. Loved it and next time I go to Central Fl for sure I'll stop by to say hello to my "old friend".
So pretty and relaxing! Great to walk/run around, about a mile.
Beautiful park, nice events at times, close to mall and nice mellow music as you walk or jog  through park. Very nice park for date or family/friends to hangout.
I've been running around this park many times since it first opened.  I used to go as a teenager and still go sometimes today.  It's pretty much my favorite running venue in Central Fla.  You get a nice breeze, a view of the lake, and a steady flat surface.  I've also been here on Tuesday nights for the concert halls.  They have musical shows on the weekends also in the amphitheatre.  This area has undergone tremendous gentrification in the last few years.  Uptown Altamonte has appeared and matured in a relatively small amount of time.  The park itself had been there longer but really changed with the addition of the amphitheatre and the broadening of the lake.  It's been the venue for Red Hot and Boom for many years now.  I don't realy enjoy it.  I tried going once and it was so packed.  There are always events here.  On Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, 4th of July, Labor Day, etc.  The lake is filled with ducks and giant fish that you can feed.  It's overall a great addition to Altamonte despite the fact that it's presence has packed our streets tighter in the lat few years.  When I was a kid living in Fern Park, Altamonte never had traffic.  Now try going West on 436 between 4-6 on the weekdays.  You'll never get past I-4.
