This place was a little bit smaller than I remember when I was younger. Was surprised that it was so small! Never noticed it until now, haha. The rides that are worth going to: Simpsons, MIB, and the Mummy !!! Basically, any of those 3D type rides and rollercoasters.. other than that.. I think you should head over Islands of Adventures! because that's where the party is at! lol
3 1/2 stars rounded to 4! I've been to the Universal Studios in Hollywood many times before visiting the one in Orlando... and visiting the one in Orlando was just a bit underwhelming. Granted, the Universal in Hollywood is definitely more magical because of the location and the fact that there are actual studios there (including the awesome backlot studio tour!), but the Orlando location does make an effort to make up for it. The park is definitely less crowded than Islands of Adventure... on the day when I went, it was almost like a ghost town! The Mummy and Men in Black rides were my favorites. The Simpsons ride was fun too! Beware if you get motion sickness; they have warning signs everywhere, and I've seen many workers mop up vomit around the exits. Unfortunately I wasn't able to ride the Rip Ride Rockit rollercoaster since it started raining. :(
I had 2 free passes from a friend. We've been to CityWalk numerous times and to Islands of Adventure several times as well so today we chose Universal Studios. I was able to ride any of the rides this time, due to my "expectant mother" status, but I stood in a few lines with my husband so he could ride. We saw several shows including a magic show, an animal show, Beetlejuice's Graveyard Revue and Fear Factor Live.
I finally got too see what all the Hype was about Universal Studio and MAN I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED!!!!
I'm not a fan of coasters, but this place is wonderful for toddlers.  He went on the E.T. ride, Jaws, the Subway ride [forgot the name], the Simpsons coaster, the Shrek movie, and the Muppets movie.  The latter two  were no fun for him b/c he always takes off the 3-D glasses because he doesn't understand the concept yet.   But he had a blast in the toddler's play areas, Fivel's and Curious George.  The water slide was especially thrilling in Fivel's.  He could have spent the whole day there in the toddlers' section.  I think overall the park looks dated and very 90s, but this place is perfect for toddlers.  He had more fun than in the Magic Kingdom's Mickey town.  You can't compare the two.  Disney will always be more beautiful because it's so nicely painted, shiny, and has beautiful topiary and landscaping while Universal's shrubbery looks sloppy, but for the play areas alone it was worth the $178 2 adult ticket prices.  Next time I will bring my son's swim shorts though.  Then there was the added bonus of the Barney show and play area.   Love this place for small ones.  He had such fun.  There's nothing like reliving your childhood again through your child.  I have never seen a kid laugh, smile, and dance so much.   Orlando is truly a magical place for little ones. I can't wait to go back next fall!!!  Screw summer with the humidity and 2 hour lines.   Next time I go, I will get a 2 or 3 day pass to Universal and just do one day at the Magic Kingdom.  We had done 5 days at the 4 parks in Disney World, but he had the most fun in Universal Studios.
I love this place the simpson ride is the shit. There is so much to do connect on over to Islands of Adventure. Great vacation place better than disney world.
This place rocks my world.  I've been here many times and no matter what the wether, who I am with, this place is just total awesomeness! Roller coasters, grown adults dressed up as superheros, and super fun rides and attractions make this place a must in Orlando.  City walk is the nightlife area outside the park which also offers a great night out.
Just go to islands of adventure instead
My experience at Universal studios was excellent. The rides were very thrilling, the entertainment was soothing, & the staff was very helpful. It was my first time to Universal, Island, & Magical kingdom. Comparing Universal & Disney, Universal wins by more thrilling rides & Staff members were more friendly. I suggest the fast pass which makes the line waiting cut much shorter to see the parks in one day.
On October 20th 2007, I attended the Extreme Halloween event with 40,000 other people.  First and foremost, a major issue you should be aware of is the lack of security.  On several occasions while waiting in line for over 2 and a half hours we were verbally and physically harassed.   In going to the guest services booth to report this, it seemed like we were not the only ones with this complaint as we overheard another woman who got her glasses broken in a physical altercation. Secondly, at the gate prior to purchasing tickets, we asked the cashier what the admission rate included.  When we arrived at 10:30 PM and were informed that this event was filled with professional actors and about 7 special events.  We were also told that closing time wasn't until 2 am, we would have plenty of time to view all of the attractions.   Not only did we spend almost $150 to attend the event for a couple hours but were completely disappointed with the unruly crowd, length of time spent on a ridiculously long line, and the fact that we were only able to see one attraction. It seems that this is just another legal scam.  It's another corporation taking advantage in overselling events where they can't handle such large crowds of people.   My group and others I've spoken to are extremely disappointed in Universal Studios and will make a point to never return to the Orlando location, nor recommend it to anyone. Not to mention the caliber of people who attended the event which included a passenger in the car in front of us getting a gun pulled on her after a verbal disagreement during traffic leaving the event.   The caliber of people there were so ghetto and fact that we paid a lot of money on an non enjoyable event will not be forgotten. I'm sure with all the money that you have made from over 40,000 guests that attended that Saturday night my complaint to guest services will get deleted or replied to with a simple apology.   However in the long run, I hope that real reviews like this get taken seriously and they continue to lose business from word of mouth. I do not recommend this event to anyone!
Had a wonderful day walking around - it was a different world with all the palms lining the street and no vehicles on the road.  Liked the Mummy, Shrek, Men in Black, Twister, the earthquake, the special effects show, Terminator.   The rides are not too scary.   Was fun to see some vintage cars, cartoon characters.  We did not eat much as we wanted to spend more time looking around.  Lines were really long as it was a weekend.  One should arrive as early in the day as possible to make the most of it.  Looks spectacular at night.
Can't compare to the LA one. Pretty much the same thing but the California one to me is better because they do majority of the filming on location in LA so you're chances of seeing a celeb is higher.
If you want to have some summer fun for a great price, Universal Orlando has a 2-Park Unlimited Admission Ticket for 7 Days available now for only $106.49 through DestinationCoupons.com! Whether you are a fan of high-powered excitement, side-splitting comedy or heart-warming children's tales, you'll be in the picture at Universal Studios!
Yay! I'm a fan. My bf and I flew here from Philadelphia over our winter break. There is nothing else to say about this park but unique entertainment. There are so many great restaurants before you enter the park; these are great places to eat out at night! The Incredible Hulk Coaster is my most favorite ride out of every ride I've been on in my lifetime. More superior than Six Flags' Kingda Ka and El Toro (wooden coaster) or even the Hydra and Steel Force at Dorney Park, PA combined. This dragon challenge was one to take on! There is also a world of Harry Potter in this park. This park is great for all, kids and adults. My boyfriend and I came for a second time within our two week stay in Orlando and got to see Impact Wrestling live! There were real celebrities including Joey Fatone from N'Sync in the audience and Kurt Angle as one of the wrestlers. I never tuned in on SpikeTv to see if it aired. Overall, a wondrous and fun park that would take more than a day to experience it all!
I loved this park!  Great rides, especially the Rockin Roller Coaster.  We went this week from Wednesday to Friday and the crowds were minimal.  We went to Halloween Horror Night, which I enjoyed more than expected.  I enjoyed Universal WAY more than a recent trip to Disney.  The employees were friendly and helpful and the park was very clean.  I liked the lockers where you can stash stuff for free while you ride the rides.
Both this park and IOA would have gotten 5 stars from me before this visit June 13-15.  before now we were just a regular healthy family that could easily navigate the parks. Last year I discovered the aches and pains I was getting were actually related to a really severe kind of arthritis so I received handicapped status.  I was really worried about visiting the parks this year because it's hard to get around, I'm much slower and once the pain comes it won't go.  Still I figured I should try after all I've seen so many disabled persons in Orlando over the past 20 years I figured they must have a decent system set up.  The first 6 days were fine, United Airlines accommodated me, and then disney's Carribean Beach did a great job (after an initial mixup)and WDW parks did a superb job, i showed my id and handicapped card and got a Disney one at the guest services spot in front of MK and that allows all disabled guests onto thefastpass lanes without any complications, you just go on and can move around easily even if you can't spend more than 3-4 hours on your feet you still feel ok about the money and experience.  Admittedly, I was feeling bold when I got to Universal & IOA, expecting the same sort of thing.  I knew the walk to the parks themselves would be challenging but figured if i go early in the am and take a little bit of rest I'd be fine I knew I would have an issue as soon as I got to the gates, I stopped in to their guest services where I was handed  a paper sign in sheet/ list with spots for signatures and times. ( I don't see any under google so ill try to dig mine out and post e photo) At this desk  it was explained that if a ride is 30 min I could go right onto fast pass but if its longer than 30 I would need to get it signed and go find somewhere else to be for 50-90 min or whatever the wait time is minus 15-which means basically just stand and wait like you are in line anyway or go try to find a seat in air conditioning and wait-which the employees in restaurants don't love because you are taking paying customers spots.  Also this system is not flexible like reg fast passes, you dont get a range to return, so you must come back within 5 min of the time listed for another teen who may or may not give another attitude will sign you into the ride.  once signed in you are freeing it up for next ride- you are not allowed to use the pass for anything else while you wait.  this was really crummy all by itself but but a few employees actually gave me an attitude about it as if I was getting some kind of free perk and milking the system and that's hard to tolerate.  What I wanted to do was tell them off about how much it rots to be disabled and that if this is such a perk for the other 364 days in a year how about we trade but I didn't, I just made a mental note about how unfun the experience was for me.  as much as I like the rides I feel it is plainly not welcoming to disabled individuals so I will not be going back unless something drastically changes,  There are too many other parks that warmly accommodate disabled people to put up with the system or the attitudes.  Sure the rides may not be as fresh and new but if you can't stand long enough to get onto them ( I missed ET, Disaster, Twister and all the shows because i couldn't stand any longer) what good does it do me.  The answer is none at all, I left feeling awful about my being disabled and for wasting so much money.  Next time ill skip the whole thing. Such a shame, these parks used to be a hi light for me
I normally don't go to Universal Studios, even as a Florida resident. I remember when the tickets were about $15. Now it's about $70? Lord. I do, however, go to Halloween Horror Nights every year. Last year's was definitely one of the better years. Nightmare on Elm Street: Dream Walkers was, hands down, the best house of the night. I assumed Friday the 13th: Camp Blood would have been the scariest for me but when 3 scareactors dressed as Jason Voorhees come out at you at once, the fear just isn't there. Plus, at the end of the house, they dumped buckets of water on you and I had to walk around all night with damp clothes. Last year's HHN didn't have enough scarezones either. Very disappointing. Around 11 PM, the booze was flowing and people were starting to get wasted. The amount of drunk men telling me I was beautiful was tiresome. I recommend show-wise the Rocky Horror Picture Show-A Review and Bill and Ted's Excellent Halloween Adventure. I was doubled over, laughing thanks to B&T. This year's HHN looks amazing. Has tons of scarezones and new houses. I can't wait!
4.5 stars. Universal Studios has a slight edge over IOA. Why? I just enjoy it more. Even though the theming at IOA is more detailed than the Studios, the rides are top notch over here. Revenge of the Mummy was fun even though it was definitely not as intense as the Hollywood version. Jaws was great. Men in Black was better than I expected and riding ET was like going back to my childhood. Although there aren't that many rides, most of them are quality. I would recommend staying onsite since it comes with the Express pass.
Maybe its because I love thrill rides more, but this place didn't impress me. Tickets are expensive, there are lots of people (though not as much as Islands of Adventure), some rides (like The Mummy and the Simpsons) are fun, but there are no thrills. The one large coaster is ok, but I'll just take a trip to Six Flags and enjoy it much more, thanks. Also, did notice cockroaches, the place does look slightly run down. They have a Starbucks though, so there's a small plus.
The first part of this review is from my 10 year old son's perspective" "It is the best resort ever!  The rides, the food, the atmosphere, the hotels, the special effects, the employees are nice, and the boat ride over to the parks from the hotels is fun.  The hotels are so different and that is why I like it.  Compared to Disney that has like 18 hotels and each one takes a long time to get to each park, Universal has fewer hotels but you get the parks faster.  Disney is better for family with kids under the age of 8 because they like Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh and the slow rides where as Universal is more modern and the rides are faster so 9 years old and above would like that better.  For Universal, it helps to have seen the shows or movies as the rides will make more sense to you.  Since Universal has two parks, you can really see everything in a short period of time as compared to Disney, you need to stay for a longer period of time since there are more parks and you feel like you could miss some things.  I suggest going to Universal for your next Orlando vacation! Suggestions to Universal:  Please take out the Lost Continent and expand Harry Potter. From an adult's point over view: Universal is geared towards pre-teens, older kids and the kids at heart.  If you have a family of pre-teens and teens, this is the resort to go to for sure while in Orlando.  The hotels are nice and the attention to detail is really cool.  Portofino might be my favorite of the hotels and you really feel like you are in Italy. The hotels are dog friendly too and the employees will walk your dog while you are out enjoying the parks.  Our family enjoyed our experience at Universal Resort and will be going back when we go on another Orlando vacation.
Went a few times, it is always a pleasure, especially if you go with your own crowd. My favorite ride is the Mummy Ride!!!! Never gets old!
I am an employee here and I still have a great time every time I go to the parks. Also, discounts are good  ;)
I had a lot of fun when we went on all the rides, except Poseidon's Adventure; that bit the big one.  But this park trys WAY WAY WAY too hard to be Disney. They could try to do their own thing rather than trying to capitalize on WDW's success. I'm writing a separate review for Harry Potter; because it deserves nothing less than 5 stars but Universal is just ok. It's not something you should miss; but, I wouldn't devote your whole vacation here. It took us a day to see and ride everything we wanted to ride and lunch.
I have always been a die hard Disney fan, but eventually gave Universal another chance after some disappointing trips. I must say I had one of the best times in my life and I now have a Power pass which is a great deal, and I really enjoy the rides & food, and overall it's a blast! It's only 2 hrs from me so I don't have a problem going overnight, as long as the parks are open later, it's easy to visit both in a day.
Went to Universal for a concert at the Hard Rock Cafe and for the third time in three visits came away wondering why I'd ever go there again. On the Hard Rock Cafe website, it specifically says that after 6pm, parking for Florida residents is free. We get to the gate and the  processing Is incredibly slow. They have 8 lanes open and only 4 people to handle it all.  We were about 7 deep and waited over 15 minutes to get through. When we got there, we were told it was $15 to park. I point out the website but get told because it was Hollywood Horror Nights that we would have to pay. This is complete bulls$&t but we pay and move on. The HardRock itself takes what seems to be a cross country trek to get there through CityWalk. I don't see what makes CityWalk itself worth $15 to pay for before you walk into the place.
If you are on a time crunch, skip the Terminator. Despicable Me's line was long all day and we opted out *gasp*. I tell myself that it wouldn't be fair to the kids if we went without them to make it more acceptable to me. The Mummy was awesome! Keep your head pressed firmly against the head rest though! I was so thrilled with the Simpsons land!! The ride was meh. Perhaps because the first attraction we checked out was Transformers...which was totally a bad call for the first one. Save it for last!! It was amazing! I could check that one out over and over again! Thankfully we went on a what seemed to be a slower day and the wait wasn't awful for any of the attractions, outside of the Minion Mayhem. Will be visiting again, but investing in the two park pass. We covered the site we went to fairly quickly thinking it would take the entire day. Stayed at the Hard Rock...which gives you free express line passes, unfortunately we didn't book our room until after the visit. You can also park your car there so you don't have to pay for parking twice. Lesson learned again. We were amateurs. City Walk was fun. Checked it out after dinner at the hotel. Ladies night at the Red Coconut Club was a fun time as well. Overall great experience.
much better than the one in hollywood. don't know what the guy in irvine was smoking. yeah there is no tram tour, but this park has a better layout, more rides, no freaking escalators, and no gang bangers. city walk here is better too. 5-20 mins lines, im not complaining. The mummy ride here is better and the twister effect is much better than backdraft in hollywood. did i mention no gang bangers? normally i would give this park a 4, but im comparing it to hollywood, so i'll give it a 5.
Multi level parking is nice - at least your car doesn't heat up in the hot sun.  It's a long walk with moving sidewalks and escalators - there are elevators for strollers and wheelchairs.  You enter City Walk and are dead center in the middle of all the clubs and theaters.  We chose to go to Universal Studios instead of Adventure Island simply because I don't like crazy rides - I like being entertained.  We were there in May - the lines ups were no longer than 10 or 15 minutes.  A lot of the shows are the same ones we saw 10 years ago. I don't think many kids even know the show I Love Lucy - yet there they were strolling down the streets.  The Blues Brothers band was pretty good - but nothing you haven't seen before.  Beetle Juice show was raunchy and had tons of sexual overtones - which we loved.   Nice boobs girl dancers!  LOL   The BEST show in the park was "Shrek" - see this one if nothing else.  The Mummy ride was a terrifying roller coaster ride that I didn't like too much - it's not my thing.  You have to put all your purses and drinks in lockers before you go on any rides or they won't let you ride them.  The food is terrible - I mean really BAD!  I don't see us going back again any time soon...been there, done that!
The Disney Parks and SeaWorld are considerably better value and better run parks than Universal. Stay away unless you do not have any other choice for something to do.
Went here with my wife and brother about three years ago.  We purchase a single park ticket and use it for the harry potter side of the park not sure of the name but whatever.  Cant say i was a fan of all the lines that were 45 min long to 80 min long in harry potter land.  Me and my bro got a beer which we both were ecstatic about cuz of all the parks we have been at before no alcohol signs everywhere.  We try'd to go on just about every ride that side of the park had to offer.  We wanted to go to olivers to pick out a wand or our wand pick us but the line was so long they were telling people it was closed....lame..  We went on a boat ride Jurassic park themed ride that was fun but most of our time was spent at harry potter because of all the long waits.  Once again this was about three years ago so lines may have died down but i doubt it i will deff wait before i dish out money again for that.
this park seems like islands of adventures sidekick now even though it was built first. the hollywood rip ride rockit saves this park as there is not much else to do besides sit down attractions. the mummy rollercoaster is cool; having gone to universal studios hollywood i was expecting a similar ride but it was different and not as impressive. there are many shows and simulators. simpsons ride is cool. the park could use another rollercoaster
A nice change from Disney World.  I went in early March, and there was a sizeable wait, though not horrendous.  The Twister ride, especially is a lot of fun, but they are always adding new rides.  Fun for movie buffs, especially movie buffs of the 1980-90s.
Pleasantly surprised by Universal Studios, FLA.  I've been to the Hollywood site so I really wasn't expecting much.  I consider FLA to be the more superior theme park.  The Mummy was awesome and MIB was fun.  I would have gone back on both rides, though the lines were really long.  Only bummer was that it started to rain hard and we had to cut our time inside the theme park short.  Overall, a really good experience and I highly recommend this theme park.
Universal Studios: My favorite ride is The Simpsons Ride, which you think you are in Springfield!  Sadly, Twister is awful and you think that you are in a destroy world! When I went to Woody Woodpecker's Kidzone for a few seconds we saw the Nuthouse Coaster but refused before we went to The Simpsons Ride. At the alien zapping ride (MIB Alien Attack), I killed as many aliens as I can. In the opening of The Simpsons Ride (May 2008), The Simpson Family came out when the man cutted the line of with sicssors and The Simpson Family gets over 100 picture takens. On 1990-2004, Nickelodeon Studios exists with alot of old game shows, A tour for 40 minutes, Watch a game show especially you laugh in Figure It Out when the guy says, "I Dont Know!!!!!!!!!!".                             Universal's Island of Adventure: At Seuss Landing, I went to The Cat In the Hat ride and I have to wait 10 minutes to get on, I saw a sign saying, "This Ride will Spin!!!", I saw The Cat In The Cat after the start of speed and people start filming video when The Cat In The Hat came out. I went to the Seuss Railroad and I have to wait like a hour to get on, its so boring on the line!!!!! We took pictures of one of Dr. Seuss' characters and we left. I went to Jurassic Park as Camp Jurassic for a few second and I feel like I'm in space or something!
After spending the entire day before at Disney I wasn't ready for all the long lines again. This was supposed to be the off season so I was irritatedly surprised when we had to wait in all the lines again. I was thinking that this park was going to be more like six flags magic mountain in L.A. And was angry that I wasn't at all like it. Really great for kids wanting to experience the themes and to see all their favorite characters but as for adults wanting to just ride great rides not so good. The regular park had a lot of simulated rides that were not fun at all for me in fact they kinda made me sick! After waiting 45 minutes for the simpsons ride which I was told was the best ride there (and it sucked) I had had enough and was going to go to island adventures. I went over there and waited in line for the hulk which I waited in for another 45 minutes I had had enough of this experience and went back to the hotel. I do not like waiting in lines at all but after I had left I found out they sell express passes for 40 bucks on top of the ticket price! That would have been to nice to have known!
So this place is pretty cool, but Islands of Adventure is most definitely cooler. The thing I like best about here is the Men in Black & The Simpsons ride... also the Jimmy Neutron ride is fun and cute. This place is much more for families and you can tell by the absence of really really good rides. I'm not a big fan of the one in Cali... but I can say for sure that this one is better. The Mummy ride is cool, it is an inside in the dark roller coaster... so hold on to your hat!! That's how my bf lost his and had to wear the extra cap that I had packed for him... Spongebob, HAHA!! The Terminator one is more of watching a movie than a ride... it's like those 3-d movies with the effects from your seat. That is the same story with the Sherk ride... although I believe that is also on DVD as the Sherk 3-d movie that came out a while back as a special... I actually have it too, so I should watch it again to see if it really is the same one, I could be wrong!! Most the other rides are just like watching some behind the scene special effects, after all this is a movie park! Needless to say, I'd probably wouldn't really spend the money to come here again if it weren't for The Simpsons & Men in Black ride... and the fact that you can get it with the Islands of Adventure ticket (I'd go there again!!!)
Universal Studios Vs. Islands of Adventure certainly would leave Islands of Adventure the winner, but Universal Studios has lots of things it still offers that makes it a good theme park to visit. Coming as a kid to the Nickelodeon Studios was a blast (where I learned that slime was actually green apple sauce). The Twister ride was a little uncomfortable, especially when the heat turns all the way up and you feel like you're baking in an oven. There was a ride that takes you into an underground subway and then appears to be submerged with water as all kinds of bad things happen, it was kind of cool. I think one of the coolest rides was King Kong where they really made you feel like you were the tiny person on the ride. Apparently they took this ride away but plan to bring it back in 2010. When I came back for Grad Bash, The Mummy was a pretty fun ride as well. I've always wanted to ride Jaws but never got around to it.
What an experience! I honestly expected Islands of Adventure to be the much better than Universal, but i can say without a doubt that this park exceeded my expectations.  I actually preferred it to IOA. For starters, The Simpsons ride is hands down the best ride i have ever been on. Remember, Harry Potter is not part of Universal Studios as you see in many reviews. This is a completely seperate theme park. There is a separate Yelp category for Islands of Adventure. The Rip-Ride-Rocket is one of the best roller coasters i have ever experienced as well. The music while heading completely vertical is a new experience in itself. I recently visited Disney world, and most likely because i had no kids, i found Universal as a whole a MUCH better park. Shrek 4D and Revenge of the Mummy were very unique and were a blast. I will say ET and Twister are SEVERELY outdated. I wouldnt be surprised to find both of these rides replaced within the next year. MEN IN BLACK was a great interactive ride, but it has nothing on the Midway Mania (disneys comparable ride). All in all this is easily the best theme park i have ever visited, and with my resident season passes, i will surely be back.
My 5 year old son, his baby sitter and I liked - the 4D Shrek movie/ride in which you feel like you are in bouncy carriage ride or on the back of a dragon etc. and in the movie, the 3D Terminator movie with actors blending into the movie and you in the audience feel like captives in the future, the Disaster movie in which you feel like extras with floods and explosions/fires surrounding you, the little magic show, and my son especially liked the Barney Show. Pity the rain and thunderstorm/lightning made it impossible to do the JAWS ride and other outdoor rides. Lombard's restaurant food was pricey but excellent and way better than most food options at amusement parks.
Love this universal way more than the one in LA. No steep escalators to take! & loved the classic ET ride :) the Simpsons ride was my favorite, MIB was fun, & the twister attraction was pretty cool!
went here while i was at disney world!  great attractions.
my first & only(yet) visit.  it was 2003(before yelp) & i doubt they have changed.  what's so perfect?   the exciting attractions & the most perfect customer service i've ever seen.  every staff member was nice without acting like a robot or a slave with a gun to their head(like Vons).   the entire day with bro & niece & nephew went sooo smooth.  a perfect day, that will stand out in my life, no foolin'.   my employer is obsessed with perfect customer service & can't nail it--what's Universal Studios - Orlando, FL 's secret????
Compared to Disney and Epcot, Universal pales in the experience. The attention to detail at Universal falls very short, and there's not a lot to do at the "Studio" park (we skipped the "Islands" park). We liked Jaws OK, and the re-opened Disaster was OK, but for the money we'd go back to Disney. There was not one attraction here we would ride again. The rides were gimmicky and lacked the start-to-finish immersion you find at Disney. Shrek 4D was an attempt at 3D with all the expected 3D gimmicks and jerky seats that detracted from the movie - A Bug's Life at Disney's California Adventure (we did the park in So CA many times) blows it away. We were constantly reminded that Universal was trying to be Disney, and failing. The Mummy ride was jerky and disjointed, and lacked the thrills you'll find at Disney's Indiana Jone's. Terminator broke down on us mid-show, and ET was broken twice when we were there. To quote the Simpson's and my review, meh.
Great park with cool rides but I have some complaints. 1) over half the rides broke down during our one visit to the park. Are you kidding me? $80 to walk into the park and every other ride we walked up to was closed! This wouldn't happen at Disney I can tell you that! 2) The place was dirty. Seemed like trash was everywhere. Disney was spotless and clean! 3) I know it's Florida, and I know it's universal studios but $85 just to walk into the park for a day!? come on! 4) After complaing with the other hundred people about half the rides not working, we had to fight for some sort of refund which we never got. My wife was very very nice when complaining and asking for a refund. Their policy is NO REFUNDS. That's bull crap. We were able to get refunds on the speed passes which was nice and a refund on one day of one ticket that we purchased. we went to universal cause it seemed more "adult". we didn't want to have to deal with all the little kids at Disney. Really disappointing about the rides going down though and no refund. DO NOT BUY THE MULTI-park PASSES! Take an entire day and do both parks for a good solid day. Go on all the rides multiple times. the only way I'd buy a multi park pass is if I only had one day and wanted to try both parks. Other than that don't get suckered into the multi park pass.
I just returned from Universal Orlando and it was a pretty disappointing trip.  It wasn't my first time there, so I didn't have unrealistic expectations, but this latest trip seemed far less enjoyable.  I think the biggest disappointment was the park employees, who seemed generally unpleasant and sometimes even outright rude.  Also, with Jaws being gone now, there are even fewer rides in a park that already has few rides.  Yes, Mummy, Men in Black, Simpsons and Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket are fun, but after you knock those out there isn't much else.
If you like rides that actually do something don't go here. The crowds were bad, but that is expected. There just weren't many rides most of them are simulators. The coasters they have are pretty good. Hulk, dragons and rock it in that order were my favorite "rides". The Simpsons and Spider Man were also pretty good.  I frankly didn't like the new Harry Potter thing. Just another simulator that was more like a haunted house ride than a fun attraction. Not to mention waiting 75 minutes.  And the other big negative is the cost and way they do express passes. They charge over $100/person to get in ad then want a minimum of $35/person to get one express on each ride - no repeats that will cost you close to $70/ person and then they don't offer express on the best coasters.  Disney fast pass system which is free is much better.  Universal is just not figured out how to do this as well as Disney an they need more coasters.
The park was overcrowded on the day we went in July. After spending a fortune for six people to go, we were unable to get near the rides we wanted. Hogwarts at Harry Potter World had a two hour wait. It is very unfair to pay  such high admission and not be able to get near the attractions. We left after eating a rotten lunch at The Three Broomsticks and never got to go on any rides. What a waste. When we complained, we were told that the tickets are not refundable.
So, I went to the Ron White show tonight.  We were sitting in  row D5.  However they said we were sitting in the wrong seats. They sat us there.  So they move us to the opposite back corner of the auditorium, in the corner, no seats.  I was amazed.  We paid quite a bit for the seats.  $75.  So I went to the bar to continue to see the show, and they said I couldn't stand there because they were putting chairs down for more people to sit.  So, I waited until they put the seats down, went back to the bar when I was approached by the dude who took me back to the corner with my de-seated friends.  He said, I can't stand at the bar.  So, I am $75 into this, Ron is doing his routine, and Universal is pushing us into the back right corner of the venue.  WTF?  I just want to see Ron White and at this point, I have forgotten about Ron (and I wasn't even drunk in public) and being hassled by Hard Rocks 'thugs'.  I complained that I didn't have a seat that I had a ticket for, and couldn't stand by the bar where I could see him.  So they 'escorted' this 57 year old man out the door.  Goodbye!  First of all, I was there to see Ron White, and it was great from D5 which I still have the ticket.  I didn't expect to be a AARP member and getting kicked out of a comedy show.  Really... (should I scan the ticket as proof?)  However, I could have put up quite a fight.  Universal, shame on you to think that you are anyway a hip, cool night time place to go.
A Night Owl's review... *Halloween Horror Night(s) Lover As you approach this beautiful resort, you'll notice the massively illuminated sling-shot ride like a beacon in the distance propelling thrill seekers skyward and it's result: grown men: youtu.be/AfhjkREH3qI?t=2… vs. little girls: youtu.be/fw9IqrCQUd4?t=2… Drive in, pay for parking, (range $15 - $40 based on time/pass holder, search for coupons before coming) . The parking garage is behemoth as it is intuitive, just remember what "character" area you're in. Then jump on the "moving walkways" towards the bacchanalia. You'll enter the "village" (FREAKING MASSIVE) called "City Walk" which has a ton of restaurants, dance clubs, IMAX, mini-golf, live shows, water taxi's to on-site hotels etc. From this point, you can just enjoy the night with your crew or dare to enter: -ISLANDS OF ADVENTURE -UNIVERSAL STUDIOS not accessible from here, but a few minutes away is: -WET 'N WILD water park MAP: universalorlando.com/Ima… Halloween Horror Nights: As a artist, I'm in total awe.... The visuals, the mood, the lighting, the aromas, Universal has somehow mastered the ability to produce SATAN incarnated in the form of a theme park. As you walk into the gates of HHN's, look upward to the short movie playing on a massively intimidating screen, this hint's at what you're about to "endure". *Palms start sweating. The park's emphasis on security is great, you'll be checked for any prohibited items as such. Do yourself a favor and obey the rules. You'll enter the park after this point. *WARNING: If a deranged lunatic wearing a mask made of human skin comes barreling @ you with a chain saw, just run. Unless the loons that fly (yeh, I said fly) come out of the trees @ u......... Grab a map, and designate someone as navigator. You'll get lost pretty easily. I found that buying glow sicks and hanging them from our pockets helps us to stick together! Passes are the key here. If you have "FAST pass", you'll fly through the lines, if you don't, you'll spend most of your time on line @ peak hours. But there are many cute girls on line also ;) Explore all haunted houses, rides,"walks" etc. Then carb up, and repeat because there's nothing better than having some random girl dig her nails into your back as ur both trapped in a house of horror. There is lots of food (expensive), and drinks available around the park. One of my favorites is the "BLOOD JELLO SHOTS". Carb up for more fun!!! Take note of the locations of the "Lost&Found" also in case you loose your phone, or your kid! OMG: This park is friggin' amazing. It's a place to go with your closest family/friends to share some incredible experiences. ~own the night - YELP!!!!!!!!
My Fiance and I enjoyed year passes to Universal Studios. It was used mostly throughout 2013 and was perfect for weekend getaways and breaks to Orlando. While I miss the "Back to the Future" simulation ride from when I was a kid, the newer stuff like Spiderman, is amazing. There are so many areas, attractions and rides to enjoy. The Hulk is awesome if you enjoy roller coasters. It's really smooth for that level of intensity and Harry Potter is another note worthy mention. There are too many things to mention but great memories are made here. It's fun for adults as much as it is for kids. One of the best parts was meeting up with friends, some of which have kids and spending a day together. At night my fiance and I enjoyed "Halloween Horror Nights",  "The Blue Man Group" as well as a rock show at the Hard Rock featuring Ed from the band "Live". These events require separate tickets but are hosted at the park and were wonderful venues and experiences that will get their own reviews.
It's been a while since I've been here, but I was really happy with the couple of times I visited.   What I really like about this park is that it's not overly HUGE.  You can make your way around to the various attractions without killing half the day doing it.  It makes it much easier to bounce around and ride whatever you want on a whim. The bad stuff:  older rides that are getting outdated.  I know there are efforts to cycle things through, so that's good.  Jaws, Twister, and the Earthquake features were ready to go.  In fact, they might be gone already. The good stuff:  everything else!  My favorites were the Men In Black ride and the Mummy rollercoaster.  If you're not traveling with small kids, you can utilize the "single rider" lines and cut your wait down drastically!  Instead of 45 minutes, we were getting on in about 5 minutes.  Boom!  Sometimes you'd even sit together, which is a bonus.   This is an excellent substitute for Disney.  If you want to see different things constantly and still not see *everything* after a week vacation, then go to Disney.  If you want to become familiar with a park that has lots to offer, this is your place.
Had a great time our first day at the park! Highlights included the Minion Madness and Mummy's Revenge rides. My son is enthralled and ready to go on coasters tomorrow. We'll see.
Won't go back! Hi- we are Universal Studios. We are going to put 3-D glasses on you, put you in this machine, spin you around, shake you left and right,  and then throw things at you. No thanks! My last Universal experience  (in Hollywood) in 1992 was magical. The Animal Actors show was about the only positive part of this most recent visit. Nothing barbaric happened, otherwise I would give it 1 star. Park wasn't that busy so we didn't have many lines (we went post-Labor Day).
Both parks (Universal & IOA) are AMAZING!!! The Wizarding World of Harry Potter alone is worth the trip, but be warned: LINES ARE LONG! If you are not use to the wait times at the Major Orlando attractions be aware that the times here are some of the worst of all the major parks. So bring Sun Block & some Water. You will deff need them both.
Seriously a miserable experience - BEWARE! First of all, the pricing for tickets online is WAY different than the pricing at the park itself. Sure, this is to be expected at most places, but there was such a significant difference in pricing at the park that we actually refused to buy tickets. Everything about this place was a disaster. We waited in a traffic jam to park. Really? You would think that since they do this EVERY day they'd have a better system for parking. Not the case. It was unorganized and a free for all. The ticketing area is even worse. With only one person in front of us, we waited about 15 minutes before it was our turn, where we were greeted by a very rude and pushy sales person. I explained to her that we found the same tickets on their website for way cheaper and she basically said that wasn't her problem. After paying $17 to park, fighting our way through security (they check bags) and waiting for 15 minutes in line to purchase tickets, we decided that Universal was NOT worth the money they were trying to charge us. We opted for a water park instead, paid about a quarter of the price, and had a great time. Screw you, Universal. I want my $17 back!
In the midst of the Polar Vortext (or #snOMG if you prefer), it's nice to think of warmer times, should the come around again, and that takes us to Florida, and a Universal property specifically. Though I've been to the other Universal Studios, this one is much different. That one is (or at least was) much more focused on movies, giving you a sense of being on a movie lot much of the time. You get that here, but it's somehow different. Sure, you walk into a main street of sorts, but it's almost like they are trying to cross up Disney's Main Street with movies, and it never quite works. It would be fine for little kids, or for those escorting them, but for older kids (teens) and adults looking for a thrill? Not so much. Sure, there is Islands of Adventure next door, but that's an entirely different park. Here the pace is a bit slower - even more so if you're standing in line. Between those lines, or even in those lines, you have a bit of time to admire the park itself. It is nice enough, but it's not a Disney property. The rides themselves are not so much rides, they are more like presentations. Little movies almost. Worth the wait? Sometimes yes, sometimes not. Most of the time it seems like they have turned their attention elsewhere, like to Islands of Adventure, or even to the City Walk area (dining, movies, etc).
Universal is always amazing. They often have a few nice deals. As some said you need to make sure you visit during the right times so you enjoy yourself. I was told by universal staff inside the park to complete a survey (receipt collecting) for a gift. Spent the whole week doing it. Last day went to go return it as the instructions said. No one knew what I was talking about. I was sent back and forth from ioa and universal. I could understand if I got it from someone outside the parks soliciting or scamming. I got it from a fully dressed universal employee. Had universal logos on it. And was given to me inside the park. Don't care about a gift. But it was a huge waste of time and not one employee knew about it.
I really enjoyed it but was very dissappointed that the King Kong/Jaws ride was no longer there.  I really wish they had more actual rides rather than the 3d simulators that make you want to throw up.  Shrek 3d needs to go.  Horrible Ride.  Minion ride was fun.  You definitely want to go there on a week day when its cool outside. The express pass prices are definitely a rip off.  Way too expensive.  They should have it like Disney World and let customers come back at a later time to the ride and not charge anything like their Fast Pass.
So many fond memories of coming here with the family - and then with friends. Best memory of all time? Going through the Nickelodeon Studios tour and seeing Clarissa Explains It All being filmed as well as trying "slime" (It was applesauce and food coloring?) Plus seeing the slime fountain out front was awesome. Fun fact: They did a time capsule in 1992 and when the studios shut down they moved it to the Nickelodeon Suites Resort where it is set to be opened in April 30th, 2042. Some things include: VHS tapes, CDs, Reebok Pump Sneakers, Jar of Gak (can't wait to smell that one!), a Barbie doll, roller blades and a ton of other things. Can't wait! This is where you come ride the movies and well...live them too. I always spot something new in the decorations or run into a new character roaming the streets. The Rocky Horror Picture Show has been more or less the same through the years but worth a visit. I've met Lucy, the Blues Brother, the Simpsons, Woody Wood Pecker, Doc Brown, Curious George and a mummy(?). Although the different "lands" and decor are awesome to look at you come here for the rides! I've seen a ton of rides come and go: Back To The Future - A great ride, but will never forget the day I looked to the side and saw another car! The illusion was destroyed forever. This ride had one of my favorite queues of all time, possibly because I was such a fan of the movie. They had the Delorian outside with Doc Brown roaming around from time to time...the video introduction was cool and the little waiting room right before you board had the hoverboard. Jaws - Another legend bites the dust to make room for Harry Potter expansion - I ain't mad at that! Just because the film was so iconic this ride was a stand out even after MANY YEARS of no upgrades. The story pretty much remained the same, you shot Jaws, he came back, you shot him again, some things exploded, you ended up in a boat house, shot him one last time and it was over. King Kong - I was terrified as a child. Nothing more needs to be said. The ones that are still around and the new additions are great: Terminator 3D - A big fan of the movie it was cool to see it come to life. Men In Black - A little kiddie for me, but I am sure the kids love it. Twister - Still cool to see and also has an AWESOME queue. Shrek 4D - Also for the kids, but a cool experience. Revenge Of The Mummy - Not a big fan of the movie but this ride is just awesome! The story is great, the effects are great, you go backwards and then into a high speed coaster....all while in the dark. I dig it! The Simpsons - Replaced back to the future and did a great job! Bringing a big name like the Simpsons is exactly what Universal needed to draw back patrons. I love the set up outside and I hear they are adding a ton more Simpson inspired shops, which would be cool to grab a slushie. Rip Ride Rockit - FINALLY! A roller-coaster (outside)! This is a great experience as you choose your soundtrack and film a music video. I chose Kanye West and rapped into the camera the entire time. I look like a fool, but it was fun. THAT 90 degree ascent in the beginning is one of the WORST experiences I have ever had on a roller coaster...hate that feeling, but once it turns the top, it's all good! Haven't done Transformers yet, but another great addition and I read the new Harry Potter expansion will be great! Can't wait for those. In recent years it has been overshadowed by it's younger brother next door but I think Universal still holds a good entertainment value....even if some of it - for me at least - is nostalgic.
Place is filled with incompetent people who will lie to you just to get to next customer - STAY AWAY FROM THE "official" travel agent- they are bullies and full of lies- ruin our vacation !
It's a theme park. With that said it is a good park, just hard to stomach the way the cash gets separated from your wallet at nearly every turn.
No costumes allowed Halloween Day? Lame. My girlfriend and I got turned away at the gate and security wouldn't even give us the number for guest services. Plenty of costumes at Disney World, though.
The best ride they have there was the Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit! And it is not only because I am from SoCal (Go hollywood! =P) We rode that about 3 or 4 times! Love how you get to choose what music you want playing. It definitely made the ride more enjoyable. I get high anxiety easily (due to my type A personality), but the only thing I wish, was that they gave me more time to pick my song! So you have like 30 seconds to walk fast to your seat, strap yourself, and then pick your song, while trying to focus on the thrill of the ride. The big drop doesn't even get me anxious at all... it's the choosing of the song! But I guess this is how they can keep the line moving, so I shouldn't complain =x
It's peak holiday season and only 3 windows in Guest Services are open. Elderly people are very fatigue, pregnant women are seeking shade, some folks even left. For as much as they charge to get in this park, ALL windows should be open during peak season. To that end, I personally witnessed guest service refuse reasonable accommodations for an elderly and disabled person. They need to fire the head of guest services and hire someone who is educated and experienced in hospitality and who can also adquately train employees on executing deliverables under ADA(American Disability Act).
I love going to the parks and City Walk. There's a lot to do and it's not as spread out as Disney. IOA is my favorite park and I love Harry Potter and Jurassic Park. Universal Studios is fun to with Transformers, Simpsons and Men in black. Lots of rides and activities for everyone but it can get pricey. I have a annual pass and just go to the parks whenever I want to for a few hours.
Universal Orlando has always been one of my favorite theme parks in Central Florida. I've been an annual pass holder for almost 10 years now & I continue coming back all year long. The rides are great, food/beverage is tasty, theming is awesome, & there is things to do for all ages. I enjoy going in the late evenings of about 2 hours before park closing because it seems less crowded. Universal offers great events throughout the year like Mardi Gras, Summer Concerts, Halloween Horror Nights, & Christmas celebrations in boht parks. If you are a Harry Potter fan, then you have to make a visit to Islands of Adventure because you will enjoy every square inch of the theme land. Butterbeer & Pumpkin juice is a must try!
Ride, Eat, Drink,  Repeat!  Awesome Parks, AWESOME attractions!  It is SOOOOO worth getting up early for Harry Potter!
Let me start by saying I'd rather not compare Universal or Islands of Adventure to Disney, I really think you should look at them as completely seperate destinations.  Both Universal and Disney are great and have positives that outweigh the negatives. That said...I love Universal and I was disappointed when I was in Orlando this summer with my daughter and my son forbid us from going (we weren't allowed to go to Harry Potter before him).  There are some really great rides here-including the new Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride which was simply great.  ET, The Mummy roller coaster, The Simpsons, Men in Black, and the Rockit Roller Coaster...it simply makes for a great day.  I was hoping to see the Beetlejuice Rock and Roll show, but we didn't have time.  We DID however get to see the Blues Brothers performing.  Don't expect them to sound like Belushi and Aykroyd, but the guys were fun and they put on a great show. If you have the time, I recommend that you not rush through either Universal Studios or Islands of Adventure.  I think you can easily spend a whole day in each park, but I know most people try to squeeze both parks into a single day.  That could get hectic and you'll probably miss something simply because you won't want to wait on the lines.  I also recommend buying the Express Pass and doing the single rider option if you can...both will literally save you hours of waiting in line. Better than Disney?  Maybe...maybe not, but I don't ever want to skip the Universal experience again.  However, don't neglect the Mouse.
Absolutely amazing. Clean. Fun.  Staff is awesome and helpful.   Love the rides. We go at least once a year and will continue.   Wish they had more street performers.   A must do for all ages
I love the Simpsons themed section. I would buy a ticket just to go here. It's nothing interactive, but it's fun to take pictures. There's the Kwiki-mart, Cletus's chicken Shack, Moe's, Krusty Burger, Duff Gardens, Lard Lad Donuts, Bumblebee Man's taco stand, and of course Simpsons's themed rides. The park is pretty small. We were able to do the entire park in a day, without the xpress pass. There's also a mid day parade if you like that sort of thing. There you can see your favorites characters as they dance down the street. The parade lasts about 20 - 30 minutes so plan accordingly.
Great Theme park! Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios are completely unique from each other. You wouldn't complete the experience unless you went to both. If you're trying to compare Universal to Disney, you really can't because they are completely separate entities. If you had to though, Universal would be the big kids theme park with more intense rides and easier access to adult beverages. City Walk is also a more adult venue compared to Pleasure Island. I can't tell you the number of times I forgot an evening because of the potency of the Hurricanes at Pat O'Brien's. If you live in the area, I highly suggest getting an annual pass. I used to work close enough to see the resort from the back door of my work and only lived a mile from there. The annual pass was purchased on the payment plan and came out to a fraction of a dollar a day. I'd find myself going to the parks anytime I had a void in my schedule. Best part was if I felt it was too crowded, I'd only ride a ride or two and return home without feeling I'd wasted anything. Be sure to check out their special events like Halloween Horror Nights, Mardi Gras (personal favorite), etc. They tend to have good concerts which accompany the events.
I am torn about giving this place four stars or three but I will give them four based on the fact that there is so much to do and so many places to eat.  I love amusement parks and this one was great.  Orlando has so many choices - so try them all out.   I will refrain from my negative comment since it is not the park itself, but the sometimes rude adult patrons that think it is their own personal park.  That is all.
I found myself back in Florida, as my husband keeps getting sent there for work. Since I was back visiting, might as well continue visiting the Orlando theme parks. We (me, husband, and a couple who used to have annual passes) went to both parks.  I wasn't sure what to expect from Universal. All I know is that I really, really, REALLY wanted to see Springfield and go on The Simpsons Ride. We braved the horrendous Florida heat to check it out. Springfield was AMAZING. I'm not even that big a Simpsons fan, and I could've spent all day there. I found myself laughing through the entire Simpsons ride. (One tip, though: try to sit in front. The guy in front of me blocked a decent chunk of the screen with his big head.) We got Krusty burgers, which were surprisingly decent, I tried a Duff beer (very tasty, and made by a Florida brewery), and my husband got a Flaming Moe. It's just orange soda with dry ice, but you get to keep the very cool glass. The rest of the park was pretty neat, too. Some of the areas really felt like you were in a Hollywood movie set. The San Francisco area wasn't exactly accurate, but I'm a snobby native. You really can't compare Universal to Disney, unless you're talking customer service. IMO, Universal was much better than WDW in that respect. The bag check guy was courteous and friendly, unlike the people at WDW. And they only check your bag once, for the entire resort, which I really appreciated. Anyway, the other employees we encountered were also very friendly. The entire park was clean, too. We had such a great time. I'd absolutely come back here. I need to get that huge Lard Lad donut, and I'd like to check out more of the park when I don't feel like I'm on fire. Same goes for Islands of Adventure, which I'll review separately. One more tip: if you forgot to bring bottled water, get the souvenir cup for the Coke freestyle machines. You can fill that up as many times as you want, with water or whatever else you want. It'll save money on buying bottles of water. And this applies to both parks. Oh, and be sure to bring your AAA card for 10-15% off many of the restaurants & shops.
I love this park! There are so many great rides here. The Simpsons! Harry Potter! Revenge of the Mummy! It's like being a kid again! Plus, you can drink beer here! When I was here recently I got to check out a few new rides and attractions. The Minion Mayhem was cool, and the Harry Potter ride is absolutely amazing. That whole section of the park with the recreation of Hogwarts is perfection. It's so realistic. The park is split into two sections - Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure. Men In Black, E.T., Shrek 4-D, Disaster, Rip Ride Rocket Coaster, Spider Man, Terminator 2: 3-D , The Hulk Coaster, Jurassic Park, and a bunch more. Something for everyone's like and speed. Jaws ride is now gone and they are building another attraction soon to come. I have also done Hollywood Horror Nights and it gets better every year. Lots of scares and thrills in those mazes and houses, and the shows such as "Bill and Ted" are always fun. Suck it up and spend the cash to buy the Express Passes for this or you will be waiting on lines forever and hate it.
The Mummy ride will rock your world! You don't expect it, and then BAM! This ride's shouldn't be missed, even though they tuck it away pretty well. This park still had the employee kinks that Islands of Adventure did- no one really seemed to care about what they were doing or how they did it. But they had some good rides. The Simpson's ride, was awesome. Much like the movie, I thought I'd be disappointed, but it totally wowed me. I especially loved the quik-e-mart store next door, where I purchased some rockin' Simpson's gear and got a prank phone call from Nelson while I fake spray painted "Skinner is a wiener" on a pay phone. AWESOME! PS- RIP Back to the future ride. The Rock N' Roller coaster looks amazing, and the ride was pretty cool but it was SO not worth the wait. The ride broke twice on the first day we went so we couldn't ride and then again on the second while we waited in line for nearly 2 hours... and that was using our fast passes. Bull crap. The Twister show was awful and the wait is insanity but you get to see Bill Paxton with his denim shirt almost totally open doing these really funny model poses... almost worth it for the humor and reminder of how much you loved the 90s. The Shrek and Jimmy Neutron shows were pretty bad too. They made almost no sense and were so jerky that they were more annoying than fun. Take some extra strength Tylenol if you plan on hitting this one. One last note, don't waste your time spending extra money to get your ticket into a VIP fast pass thing. It's a total waste. Most of the rides, if not all, you actually had to wait in a longer line than the people without a fast pass. Not cool and total sham.
*Top 5 Must-See Universal Studios Florida Attractions*  (NOT in a specific order) 1. Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit- Awesome outdoor roller coaster! You even get to choose a song to jam to from their playlist while you're on the ride. Loose articles should definitely be placed into lockers. A rider in front of me lost his sunglasses during the ride and it almost hit my eye. Yikes! The Express Plus Pass is NOT available for this ride. This is also the only ride at this park that does not take the Express Plus Pass. I suggest standing in the Single Riders line. The wait is much shorter. 2. Revenge of the Mummy- Eeek...it's dark in here. Wait, is the ride over or not? This is nuts! 3. MEN IN BLACK Alien Attack- If shooting aliens and winning points is your thing, this is a cool ride to check out. 4. The Simpsons Ride- Simpsons fan or not, this is a sweet ride. Lots of neat things to see before stepping into the actual ride. 5. Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast- I love that the Rugrats were featured here. It was so nice to see Tommy, Chuckie, and Angelica once again. This ride should be closing down on August 18, 2011. It will be replaced by Despicable Me in 2012. {Shows} 1. Universal Orlando's Horror Make- Up Show- This is one entertaining show! Don't miss it. 2. Terminator 2: 3-D 3. Beetlejuice's Graveyard Revue- Cute concert by Beetlejuice and his friends. 4. Animal Actors on Location!- The cutest animals will surprise you with their awesome talent. {Good Eats} Finnegan's Bar and Grill, The Midway Grill (feat. Nathan's Hot Dogs), Beverly Hills Boulangerie. {Notes} An Express Plus Pass allows you to skip the regular lines for rides and shows. If you are staying at a Universal On-Site Hotel, the Express Plus Pass is complimentary. If you are not staying at an On-site Hotel, I strongly suggest purchasing one. You will have to pay a bit more in addition to your park entrance pass, but it's worth it! Also, pack an empty water bottle with you and fill it up at the water fountains. This way you won't have to fork out $3 for a bottle of water at the parks. If you are planning on filling your water bottles at the soda machines at the restaurants, employees have started to stop us from doing so. Loose articles are not permitted on certain rides (ie. Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit, Revenge of the Mummy, and MEN IN BLACK Alien Attack). There are free lockers available during a visit to these 3 rides only. However, the lockers are timed and you are given about 35-40 mins worth of FREE time. After the time runs out, you will have to pay what the machine says in order for you to retrieve your belongings. Have Fun! and give Shrek a hug for me :D
This park is awwwwesome, hands down. Oh, and the wifi coverage is excellent, which is good, because there are huge waiting lines.
Most people come to the Orlando area to experience Walt Disney World; however, I think every one should experience Universal Studios at least once! They have some really terrific rides which are tons of fun and should not be missed. Unlike Disney where pretty much all of the Cast Members go out of their way to be friendly and courteous, Universal definitely needs some work in that area with their employees. They do have employees who are just as friendly as Disney Cast Members, but Universal also has just as many employees who are rude and could care less to give you help. I have complained about this countless, countless times at Guest Relations over the past few years and nothing ever seems to get done or changed as far as customer service and satisfaction is concerned. We've been annual passholders at Universal for years now and even though I am not pleased with their customer service, we continue to renew our passes every year for the simple fact they have some great concerts during their Mardi Gras time of year. We also keep our passes renewed because of their incompetence and breaking several ADA Laws (I am permanently disabled) a few years ago, I get up to 6 Gap Express Passes every single time I go through the gates as long as I keep my annual pass. These Gap Express Passes allow me and up to 5 guests to ride anything in the Parks with no wait repeatedly. So, minus two stars for their customer service; but, I had to add another star back because they do have really spectacular rides and concerts! Jimmy Neutron is a blast to ride, even for adults. I just love it - what can I say? I'm a big kid at heart! Shrek, Terminator, Twister and Earthquake are great to do once, but there's really no need for a second time. Rides which keep me coming back repeatedly are E.T., Jaws, The Mummy, and Men in Black. Because of the GAP Pass, I literally ride Men in Black over and over and over again because I am tempted to one day max out the score! They recently changed the Back to the Future Ride to The Simpsons. I've been on it once and that was enough for me because I am not a huge fan of The Simpsons. When it was Back to the Future, I never missed riding it. However, when they changed it, all they actually did was slap some new paint on it and change the movie which is played during the ride. In my humble opinion, they should have kept it as Back to the Future. The Beetlejuice show and The Horror Make-Up Show both should definitely NOT be missed! The Beetlejuice show is much more fun at night because of the pyrotechnics. If you're looking to cool off from the sweltering Florida heat, then step into the Horror Make-Up Show; the temperature is always kept very low in the theatre and it's a very nice reprieve from the heat. Both shows are so great; I've seen them multiple, multiple times! One thing that is wonderful about Universal is you can by a souvenir cup for about $6 filled with your choice of soft drink and continue refilling it for about $.79 cents at either Universal or Islands of Adventure. Also, hang on to this cup because even if you don't return for years down the road, you can still use the same cup for the unbeatable refill deal! I can't speak highly for any of the food which is served inside the Park. It's expensive and not very tasty. If you just want a snack, the pretzels with cheese sauce are very good; however, if you are wanting a meal, then pop out to CityWalk and enjoy a meal at one of the many wonderful restaurants there; you can always head back into the Park when you are finished with your meal. All in all, you'll have a good time and you won't regret going. It's definitely a fun time!
It was okay, but just barely. The lack of fast pass sucks (I don't pay for something when I already know someone else is giving it away for free) and they only had a handful of rides I enjoyed. The music coaster was great. (The Devil went down to Georgia, matches the ride nicely.) The Mummy was cute, not overly thrilling but worth a 15 minute line. The Simpsons ride was very fun, good job of matching the ride with the style of the show. Shrek 3d was neat enough, but I prefer "It's tough to be a bug" in Animal Kingdom better. And that is the end of the rides I enjoyed, which is a little sad.
Hey, parents! Want to have your children hate you forever? The solution is easy: come here after going to Disney World! This place is TERRIBLE. Outdated, embarrassingly poor rides, crazy waits and an overly expensive yet bad food selection = this theme park. I wish I could give this a higher rating, I really do. I actually enjoyed the new Minion Mayhem ride, but almost everything else was crazy bad. For example, the Twister "ride" is, according to my wife, the equivalent to standing under a fan and getting sprayed with a spray bottle. And really, there are very few actual rides here! It feels like everything is a simulator. I can understand one or two rides based on a simulator, but almost everything? Crazy. Islands of Adventure I might give another chance. Here? Never. Don't subject your children here unless it is for the purposes of punishment.
4.5 stars for Universal Orlando. It seems everyone prefers the other Universal Park (Islands of Adventure). I spent 1 day at each and for some reason I had a better time at this park over the Islands of Adventure one, although both were good. I think older adults would probably prefer Universal Orlando over the Island of Adventure. This park was more relaxing and I really enjoyed that there weren't small children all over the place (there were some, but Islands of Adventure is MUCH more geared towards kids). I got a two day pass for both parks for $125. Not bad, considering Disney charges $165 or so. (I wish Disney offered better 2-3 day discounted tickets). If you're hopping rides on your own, there are often a "single riders" line which allows you to get on really quickly. I only had to wait 30 mins at 2-3 of the rides, most of them I was on within 10-15 minutes. Universal Orlando had lots of relaxing areas to chill out. I really enjoyed the New York area with fake shops and cars from the 1940s era. Tonnes of washrooms (always clean), staff was generally friendly. The Blues Brothers show was absolutely bad ass. I tried every ride at Universal Orlando and here is my list ranked best to worst: Revenge of the Mummy - Almost peed my pants on this one. Indoor coaster type ride. The Simpsons Ride - really awesome 3D ride with moving seats/car. MEN IN BLACK Alien Attack - Holy shit! I get to ride AND SHOOT aliens! And your score is displayed in front of you. Theme park ride meets arcade game, wicked! Shrek 4-D - This one is in a big theater with 3D glasses. Moving seats and other effects (water splashes, etc). Lots of giggles. Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit - Awesome roller coaster where you get to pick what music you listen to as you ride. Would bump this up to top 3 if the damn thing didn't keep breaking over and over. Long line ups and frequent delays. E.T. Adventure - Lots of fun. Moving indoor coaster type ride. No 3D but very nostalgic. Terminator 2 - 3D - Movie theater with 3D glasses, stationary seats. Live actors combined with 3D screen stuff. Entertaining but cheesy, basically what you expect from anything involving Schwartzeneggar. Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast - Another movie theater one with 3D and moving seats. Pretty fun, even better if you are 5 years old. Twister - Did anyone even like this movie? This was worth a view because the line up is short and it only takes a few minutes, but it's old and not that great. JAWS - Dissapointing. Worth a ride but it just seems dated. Disaster - WTF? Get rid of this. Not only is it a disaster, but it's a complete waste of time. Only attempt this if you really have time to kill. Boring and time consuming/too long.
For those who has not gone to Universal Orlando yet, I have recorded a full STEADY walking tour of Universal Studios Florida in HD: Part 1 Full Walking Tour of Universal Studios Florida youtube.com/watch?v=HWJS… Part 2 - Full Walking Tour of Universal Studios Florida youtube.com/watch?v=sJjN… This past September I had an opportunity of visiting both parks at Universal Orlando and boy it was fun!  The only complain I had was hot and sticky weather. If it wasn't sticky and hot I would have enjoyed it more. I bought 2 days one park and got one extra day free at the Orlando airport. We did Universal Studios Florida for one day and did 2 days at Islands of Adventure. The reason why I decided not to go for the park hopper ticket was because I did not feel like jumping back and forth. It feels like a waste of time if you were to park hop. Universal Studios Florida is way bigger and better than the one in Hollywood. The only thing that Florida doesn't have is the 45 min Studios Tour and real working studios. My favorite park I would have to say is Islands of Adventure because it's more up to date in term of modern look and because of the New Harry Potter land. If you guys don't want to pay for overpriced food in those 2 parks you guys can walk out and eat at the city walk like Panda Express.
I've gone to my fair share of amusement parks, always early and ready for a full day of fun and excitement, rides and attractions yet we arrived after 6 pm to Universal. I had in my mind that we were already missing so much, but little did I know - the fun here happens at night and stays going until 2 am. We pre-bought our Halloween Horror Night tickets, a friend who is a Florida resident and Universal Club member buy the tickets making them almost 50% off the regular price. We had a bit of an error at the kiosk which allowed us to score 4 Fast Pass tickets for a ride or Haunted House of our choice. To my surprise, the park was quite the opposite of Disneyland offering beer, cocktails and booze of all varieties everywhere. We opted for some Kamakaze shots out of a vial, then a blood bag full of red jello shots. You can purchase a souvenir glass for $10 and refills are $7. We had fun and drinks all night. You can download apps for your phone that will show you the wait times for each ride and attraction, so we could easily pick our new haunts.  The first house was Penn and Teller's House since it had the shortest wait, then we were off to the next one and the next one. Some were just so long, almost 2 hours of waiting. Thank goodness the park stays open until 2 am. They have costumed characters that roam around the park and scare you and it seemed that I had a target on my back. Here comes the screamer. ;) I was always singled out in the houses as well as around the park. Zombies and the Chainsaw women were the creepiest. I liked the scary ghouls on stilts best. The freakiest thing I saw was a half dead looking lady in a glass box full of rats, real rats.  Gave me the heebie-jeebies like no other.  I loved how the park was modified after hours to accommodate the big kids and everything had a spooky vibe to it. In between our haunted houses, scares and beverages - we decided to take a break to ride a couple rides. We went on the Despicable Me ride, an interactive 3D ride that was so cute and fun. I can't wait to see that movie now. We loved that ride, so we broke off from the group and went to Krusty Land. The Simpsons is one of my favorite all time cartoon shows, so I stopped in the Kwik-E Mart and loaded up on Flaming Moe's and Duff Energy Drinks and souvenir shot glasses. The whole night was absolutely fun, two days and eighteen hours of amusement park laughs and acting like a kid is exactly what we needed.  This vacation was exciting and at Universal Studios, there is a lot of grown up fun to be had and I'm glad my honey brought me along for the spooky fun.
My girls and I visited this park on Sunday, June 26th.  We arrived around 10am ($20 for preferred parking - worth it) and left for Islands of Adventure next door around 6pm (I purchased the "two parks in one day" option).   Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit Coaster - I didn't attempt this roller coaster but my girls did.  It looks cool and the soundtrack was great, but I felt queasy just looking at the thing...and hearing all the screams of the riders. You have the option of purchasing a music video of your ride.   Shrek 4D - One of my favorite attractions here!  It starts off with a pre-show in a "dungeon-like" room by the Three Little Pigs, Gingy, Pinocchio, the Magic Mirror, and Lord Farquaad.  After the pre-show, we take our seats in the auditorium and during the 3D film, Farquaad kidnaps Fiona, which leads to Shrek and Donkey hot in pursuit to rescue her.  Your seats will move, you will get sprayed in the face by misters, and other fun stuff. E.T. Adventure - This attraction starts off with a pre-show, in which Steven Spielberg appears on TV and tells us that E.T. needs to go back to his home world because the planet is dying... and only E.T.'s magical healing touch can save the planet.  We enter the forest setting (so beautiful) before we board the ride, where we ride past police officers as they give chase and eventually "fly" over the city (nice view) and then into outer space, before arriving at E.T.'s home planet.  At the end, you'll pass by E.T. and be sure to listen for your name as E.T. thanks you for visiting.   Terminator 2: 3D - The pre-show starts off with a Cyberdyne staff member introducing us to the Cyberdyne universe via a promo video, before Sarah and John Conner appears on screen to warn us about Cyberdyne's sinister plans for the human race.  After the video, we take our seats in the auditorium and the main show starts.  Hold on to your 3D glasses and seats because it's such a fun attraction, filled with actual robotic soldiers, live stunts (smoke and gun fights), and continued action in the 3D film. Disaster! - This is an interactive attraction that follows the storyline of a fake movie studio run by a man (played by Christopher Walken).  We go from room to room as part of the movie-making process, before we end up on the actual ride, in a subway station.  Lights start to flicker, the train is shaken by a violent earthquake, sections of the roof collapse, a gasoline truck falls through the ceiling and bursts into flames, another subway train enters the station and derails, and a flash flood of water rushes down the stairs and into the station. Fear Factor Live - You can volunteer to be part of the cast about an hour before the show.  There are three main stunts, which consists of the Endurance Hang, the Eel Tank Relay, and the Stuntman's Challenge.  If you sit in the front rows, you have a great chance of being chosen to participate in the various mini-stunts (eating/drinking gross stuff and having scorpions crawl all over your head).   The Simpsons Ride - This attraction is so over the top!  You walk through a long queue and along the way, there are so many sights (TV screens, posters) and sounds (Krusty and the other Simpsons characters), it's almost sensory overload.  You and seven others step inside a room, get on a car, and are off on a crazy ride, simulated to make you feel as if you're on a roller coaster.  Although the car never leaves the room, based on the simulation, you'll feel as if you went to different themed areas.  There are several drops, so I experienced bouts of motion sickness.   Universal Orlando's Horror Make-up Show - The pre-show area takes place inside the "Pantages Theater" lobby, which includes multiple displays of Universal horror films, such as Hellboy, Psycho, The Thing, and Chucky.  Soon we enter the small theater, where the two hosts crack jokes and share some of the secrets involved with the making of some famous horror movies. Revenge of the Mummy Ride - This ride is an indoor roller coaster, in complete darkness.  The special effects are so cool and at one point you come to a complete stop, and then the coaster takes you backward...and there is a (relatively) steep drop during the ride.   TWISTER - During the main show (where we line up on a platform under a roof overlooking a simulated outdoor scene), we see dark clouds roll overhead, a tree get struck by lightning, hear sirens going off, and feel the strong winds, and then - a simulated tornado drops from the sky.   The Jaws attraction was closed for renovations on the day we visited, bummer!   I purchased two Universal Meal Deal tickets at $20.99 each, and we made use of these for multiple meals throughout the day (for the three of us).  The best food options were at the International Food & Film Festival.  For a family of four, purchase just two tickets and the two with wristbands can go through the lines twice, for four meals.
PROS: fun atmosphere, good shows, good food. They had a 2 for 1 deal. you pay and you can get access to Universal Studios Island of Adventures (see my review of that too). CONS: some of the rides were just the kind that you walk in a building.. sit in something.. and it shakes all around while u watch a screen. makes me dizzy. my gf went yearsss ago. and it seems they just take old rides.. and change the theme.. but similiar concepts. they dont actually re-build/make any rides.. like they don't tear down old ones to put up new ones. they just change the themes. i like the classic ones.. like JAWS.. and the Scorpian King roller coaster was fun. The simpsons one was new.. but was okay. the Men in Black ride was fun, but can be dizzy for some people. I prefer their other park.. Island of Adventures. more rides. less motion type rides.
Defiantly the lesser of the two Universal parks but that is not to say that it's not cool- it certainly has its merits. I will start with some of the pros: 1. Overall excellent park layout. Very easy to navigate. 2. The themed areas - Hollywood, NYC, Amity Island, San Fransisco - are very well done. 3. Not as crowded as its sister park. Cons: 1. Ultimately there aren't that many rides, etc. 2. Some of the attractions are a bit dated. The rides/attractions (selected highs and lows)) 1. The Simpsons ride - best attraction in the park. A must do. 2. The Rip Rocking Coaster - excellent! Best coaster in the Orlando area. 3. The Mummy - great dark ride/coaster. 4. T2 in 3D - dated as hell but still a blast. 5. ET - very dated. Almost a joke by toady's standards. 6. Jaws - why is this attraction still operating? Lame, lame, lame. General observation: In general this is a rather low-key park. In many way very similar to Epcot.
Went here because my parents mixed up our departure date with TWA, we thought we were leaving one day, and it turned out we weren't schedule to leave until the next day, so we went here to kill the day. Went on the tour and some rides and shows and stuff. I remember not enjoying it as much as the one in Hollywood.  Maybe it was the heat and humidity or the atmosphere over here or something.  I think they had most of the same things back then as the one in Hollywood.  I don't really remember.  But yeah, if you go to Orlando for vacation, I'd say go to Disney Land for sure and the trek down to the Kennedy Space Station is cool.  They got a lot of go-kart places and shopping outlets over here too.  I think Busch Gardens is in Tampa Bay too.  But yeah, the one in Hollywood is better if you ask me. We probably spent like $40 on frozen lemonades over here too since it was so hot and humid.
This side of the park shares some of the same problems as IOA. Cut & Paste from my IOA review: Problem 1) I had to wait a 1/2 hour JUST TO BUY MY TICKET! I don't mind waiting in lines at rides, but you should never have to wait in a line to GIVE SOMEONE MONEY. It is just a principle. They could have opened up more windows. I get to the window only to find that the Florida Resident Discount is only available online. Thank God for IPhones. Problem 2) Is part of their "we're not Disney" theme that all their employees have to have attitude? No one is happy. No one is smiling. Problem 3) THEY CHARGE FOR FAST PASS! If Disney can make it work for free, why the F#$% can't you? Paying to get to the front of the line is wrong. By the way, it is also expensive. That being said, I actually enjoy this side much more. Almost enough to give it an extra star. But "Meh. I've experienced better" is still my overall experience. The RIP, ROCK, RIDE IT is a good ride. Good enough to be consider a real coaster. The update of the BACK TO THE FUTURE Ride into the SIMPSONS Ride was well done and funny. The MUMMY ride is also great. Like the fake end. Shrek 3d was cute. HOWEVER, TWISTER is awful. You are forced to watch Bill Paxton over and over and over again without access to a remote or mute button. I don't do Horror rides. JAWS was cool 15 years ago but doesn't do it for me now. MEN IN BLACK is basically a kids ride. The equivalent of the BUZZ LIGHT YEAR ride in Tomorrowland. DISASTER is entertaining enough IF you don't wait too long and IF someone you know gets picked.
I was kind of disappointed the last time I came here a few weeks ago. I remember more rides back when I was younger, and they took away Nickelodeon Studios. So sad, so sad. I was hoping I -- I mean, my son! -- could meet Hannah Montana. Hehehe. And I wanted to taste the slime. I heard it tasted like bubblegum. Last time I came here, they had the very first virtual ride of its kind: Back to the Future. Now they had several like this: Simpsons, Nicktoons, and Shrek 4D (which also replaced Captain E-O, the Michael Jackson 3D movie). And instead of the Star Trek thing where your family is the star of the show, they set up this Disaster attraction where only a select few out of the entire crowd get to be the star. Aww... so disappointing. I was hoping my bro would get to wear those pointy Vulcan ears again. Hahahaha. Fortunately, they still had the ET Ride, so we rode on it since we missed it last time. And it was great to walk around in San Francisco again. No kidding, they modeled parts of the park after Los Angeles, New York, and San Francisco. The resemblances were uncanny. I really felt like I was standing in Fisherman's Wharf again. We also enjoyed the Macy's Christmas parade. Very cool floats and costumes. Also, lucky for us, we had discount tickets through my job. Only thing I regret was not getting the express passes, which meant waiting for hours. So, we were there the entire day and only got to ride on about 7-8 rides. The place closed at around 8 or 9.
Had a blast taking the kids to the Universal resort but unfortunately was only able to visit Universal Studios and not Islands of Adventure/Discovery Park.  When you purchase your pass, be sure to check if you are getting admission to both parks.  From my view, if you want better rides that are a bit more wild and rollercoaster like, head over to Islands of Adventure/Discovery.  If you want tamer rides, Universal Studios is the way to go. For University Studios, the best ride is the Rip and Ride.  For a rush and roller coast type action and you get to pick the song type you want to rock to while screaming!   Terminator is OK as you sit in your seat with 3D glasses with cool effects.   The Simpsons is a simulator type ride that is fun as well and enjoyable.  You will be packed in a simulator with others so if you fear tight spaces do not go here. Kids and take photos with Disney characters like Goofy, Donald Duck, Minnie and Mickey Mouse. Warning:  wear very comfortable walking shoes and padded insoles.  Your feet will thank you!
19/31 More like a 3.5.  Ive been nto the universal in california and this one was any much different.  As  expeccted, theres more attractions and shows than roller coaster rides.  The theme park is nice and clean and the working are fairly nice.  Tickets are reasonable and they have this "fast pass" option like the disney parks but unlike the disney parrks you have to pay  extra for this, and that is a bit  expensive but I guess it would be worth it if youre trying tto complete both parks in one day.  Food options  here are your usual american hot dogs and burgers fare.
I can't lie. I can't stand going to Orlando. I took some time this trip to see DT and some of the other parts that are not tourist infested. Great city once you get off Intnl Blvd. Back to touristy stuff. I was surprised with Universal. I had never been before, and expected it to be sun faded and full of grossness likeI saw at Downtown Disney Orlando a couple of years ago. Pleasantly surprised. Well kept up, great attractions. Particularly the Simpsons area and the Transformer ride were impressive. Food wasn't too crazy expensive. The weather was great and the staff were nice. I would bring the woman back here.
I had an awesome time staying away from the crazy Florida heat in Orlando Studios. Some of the indoor coasters were actually pretty scary since it is too dark to see where you are going. The Simpson ride is hilarious. Try your shooting skills in the MIB ride where you get a gun and have to shoot the aliens as your car twists and turns. The ET ride is unforgettable. Twister is pretty cool too. Most lines are outdoord but covered for the most part so you aren't getting hit by the blazing sun for the full time you are in line. I was able to go early on a weekday so the lines weren't too bad. You could easily spend a full day watching movies in a whole new way. Skip Island Of Adventure and just hang out here instead.
I had a GREAT time here today!!!  It may be the movie whore in me, but seeing all the special effects recreated really did something for me!   I really can't say that I disliked any of the "rides" that I went on.  Of course, its the off season, so the longest line wait was maybe half an hour.  Check out the Shrek 4D, the Mummy, ET, and of course Jaws if you don't have time for more.  What's great about this place is that each ride has a "holding area" where you can get background information and get into the zone for the ride.  After the holding areas, there's typically elaborate set ups before the actual ride itself.  Example...for ET, you walk through the forest before jumping on your bike.  It's also amazing that almost every attraction is inside a building, including The Mummy roller coaster!  I loaded up on the SPF 50 sunblock for nothing...maybe I'll need if for Islands of Adventure tomorrow. Back to the Future is currently closed, but the store and Delorean are still there...I wonder whats coming next! Before you come here, buy a meal pass.  They're $14.99 online and you get all you can eat at 4 different eateries all over the park.  For an additional fee, you can do all you can drink as well.  We ended up eating 3 complete meals in the 8 hours we were there.  The meal pass jumps to $20 if you buy it at the park. Totally worth another visit.  Maybe after IOA tomorrow!
Another park for the whole family/ people of all ages to enjoy. I'm not a fan of rollercoaster so this park is good for people like me - it has a bit of everything. For the kids there are attractions like Shrek, Jimmy Neutron, ET, and more. There's "virtual" rides, rollorcoasters, shows, and more. My favorites were The Mummy & the Simpsons. I did go on "Rock It", It looks cool plus to say "I did it" and for those who like rollercoasters, you will enjoy it. Coolest thing is that you get to pick the song you want to listen to while riding it, then, you can not only purchase the usual photo but ,you can also purchase a video with the song you selected. One of the newest attractions is "Disaster". Don't know what to say about this one. They left us waiting for an hour outside, once we were finally in, they took more time talking, making silly jokes... you find yourself asking "does it all have a purpose?". They move you to the next room, more talking, more jokes, some interaction of the "public" (sometimes funny). Then they move you to the "ride". There's where you see how everything comes together. At that point you see the whole picture, and even though it was a bit entertaining/ funny, not sure it was worth the hour and twenty minutes I lost there. Maybe on a different date (we went new year's weekend) the story would be different. We'll see next time. Other than the attractions you have cute streets copying Fisherman Shard, Irish Town etc. There's also restaurants, souvenir shops, "Street vendors" and fair type activities, if you win you get a toy. Florida residents can get discounted prices online, with advance (as little as 1 day) purchase. The other great thing about this park is the "Halloween Horror Nights" event. I've been to these too, and it's always fun.
I feel like this place a huge empty box.  I really cannot remember anything from this place other than Harry Potter, twister and the Simpson ride.   Harry Potter: this is the coolest attraction they have in this park.  They got the Harry Potter area surrounded by the buildings and stores you see in the book.  The ride itself was pretty cool too.  I am not a Harry Potter fan and still enjoyed it.  I don't think I would wait 3 hours to get in tho. (I waited only 30 minutes.)  But if you are a Harry Potter fan, then definitely.   The Twister: This one was kind of lame.  They want you to have the whole Twister experience.  Okay I like the idea.  But I felt like I was in one of those boxes in which you can experience a hurricane (that ones you see in a theme park like Six Flag) or even less....Pathetic.   The Simpson ride: I went on this ride after going to Men in Black.  Well BAD IDEA.  I was already feeling sick from Men in Black since they spun me around so much to shoot all the aliens.  Now this Simpson ride is 3D.  You are boxed in this fake roller coaster not going anywhere just looking at the screen going up and down and right to left.  I seriously thought I was gonna throw up on the ride.   It was Christmas time when I went to Universal but let me tell you, you cannot even compare this one with Disney at all.  Christmas time at Disney is so fun and cute.  Well Universal had a bunch of big balloons of all the cartoon characters set up.  That was it.  I love parades at Disney and yes they do have a parade at Universal too but I did not even feel like seeing it.   And it really annoys me that they do not allow you to bring in any drink and food from outside...not cool!  Disney has no problem with that at all.   I guess the only part I really like was the Universal Citywalk.  They have a lot of restaurants and stores.
One of my favorite places to go is universal studios! Although I had never been to the Orlando FL one. I've only been to Hollywood. This is my first time! It's very different than the one in Hollywood. For one, they don't have the tram ride like Hollywood. The Orlando one is bigger tho. There's a San Francisco area which was nice to see! They had a replica of fishermans wharf! They had rides like the Hollywood studios that were the same, like Terminator 2, the mummy returns, the Simpsons. The mummy returns ride was different than the one in Hollywood tho! I actually liked it better ! The roller coaster tracks were set up differently. There's also the islands of adventure part of universal studios! There they have Jurassic park ride, but more a Jurassic park area! With other jurassic rides! There's a whole Marvel comics area! With the adventures of Spider-Man ride! Very good ride! Lots of Marvel characters were out to take pictures with too. Wolverine, Cyclops, storm, Spider-man to name a few. It was a lot of fun. I really had a good time at universal Orlando. It's a big place, and there's lots to see. Too bad they don't have the tram ride!
I'll focus on Universal Studio's for this review since there is a separate entry for Islands of Adventure. I've been an annual passholder for 10 years even though I live out of state and get down an average of once a year.  Some years I haven't been down and others multiple times.   The key to the park is knowing the tricks to getting through the rides as quickly as possible, because who wants to wait in line? For starters, if you can afford it, stay onsite.  It is more expensive, but you get an unlimited express pass with it.  It's a pain switching hotels, but if you just stay onsite one night, you can use the express both the day before and after your stay, giving you two days with only one nights cost.   If you can afford to stay onsite, then lines won't matter.  If you can't, then here's the trick. Shows don't matter - you'll get in (unless perhaps on holiday's and the busiest days of the year).  Just show up for the shows 10 minutes early at most and you shouldn't have a problem getting in.   For the rides, use the single rider lines.  You still go through the single rider queue with your entire group, you just don't sit with them.  Unless you have small kids that this is a problem with, this will save you lots of time.  We've walked right on rides sometimes in the single rider line and even had our group of 3 seated right next to each other or on the same car. There are two coasters that are both a lot of fun.  The Mummy and the Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket.  Rip Ride Rocket is outdoors and the Mummy is indoors.  Both are great and very different. Twister, the Horror Makeup Show, Terminator 2D, Disaster, Beetlejuice graveyard review and Animal Actors are all essentially shows.  Some are more interactive than others though.  All are worth seeing if you haven't before.  Disaster, the Horror makeup show and Animal actors are all different each time - the other two are the same.  Horror make up is one of my favorites since they always pick someone from the audience and that alone is half the comedy of the show depending on the person they choose.   Shrek 4D is worth a look as well.  It's a fun show/ride where your seat can move a bit.  The despicable me ride is new and was in technical rehearsal when I was there recently, but way too long a wait for what it is.  It's a motion movie ride, same as Jimmy Neutron was before it and Hannah Barbera was before that.  Decent, but not worth waiting hours, unless of course you have little kiddies that just must see it! MIB is another ride and a lot of fun.  You try to shoot aliens and build up a score.  Well worth riding a few times over and over. The simpson's is also another great ride - Not one I do each trip, but worth doing if you haven't.  No single rider, so this is one where you have to wait.  It does handle a lot of people though.  You could simply make this the first ride of the day to avoid the lines. ET might be worth doing if you've never done it, but I have and will never do it again.  It's just boring..   Jaws and the entire amityville area is gone, but it didn't have much impact on our enjoyment.   We always have a great time and just loop around the park a few times, hitting all the rides we like, usually multiple times and will often have lunch and dinner in the park.   If you spend the whole day, especially when they are open 9am until 9pm, you can easily visit both parks and get a lot in at each park.  2-3 days is really plenty of time for Universal (although I could stay longer) and allows you to take in all the rides and shows.
Best wait/cue line: Escape the Mummy.  I had almost as much fun waiting to ride than I did on the actual ride itself.   Most Interactive:  MiB.  Fun ride with 3-D glasses. A little too spinny for me.  I was getting a little dizzy.
Universal Studios Orlando showed the world that Disney wasn't the only gig in town when it opened it's gates June 7th, 1990. Since opening Universal Studios Orlando has created and added some of the world's greatest attractions! i first visted the park in 2004 after spending most of my vacation and park time at Disney.  I was suprised with what I found! I fell in love with the major attractions and have been very impressed with each addition to the park! Must sees at Universal Studios Orlando: - The Simpsons Ride - Men In Black: Alien Attack - JAWS (gotta get a good skipper and experience it at night) - The Revenge of the Mummy (if it is your first time ask for the front row) - E.T. Advenutre - Disaster - Terminator 2 3-D - Shrek 4-D - Twister Also make sure you see some of the shows - Fear Factor LIVE - Horror and Make-up show - Beettlejuice Graveyard review Just have a fun day 'riding the movies' as they say!  Once you go, you will be back!
This place was pretty cool when we visited it (after doing "Islands of Adventure" on a previous day). Over-all it was a little less crowded than the louder theme park next to it, which suited us fine. Also, there are less rides and more show experiences. If you show up there early the place will be eerily empty. Many of the places don't even start until 10 - 11 a.m., despite the park opening at 9 a.m. The streets of Hollywood, New York City, and Amity Island were very quiet to start, but filled up pretty quick. Classic Hollywood streets have some cool things to see. I recommend the Horror Make-Up show, which is less about make-up techniques and more about comedy. It is absolutely hilarious! They also have the T2 3-D experience which is cool (even if a bit dated). In this area is Mel's Diner, a classic 50's joint (with music and old cars); the burgers here were very tasty! Further in you'll find the E.T. ride, which is ~very~ dated yet was a lot of fun for those of us who were kids when E.T. came out. In this area I recommend the Animal Actors show which is pretty funny. Keep going past this (we didn't stop in the Simpsons area) and you'll find the Men-in-Black building. Not only is the ride cool but even the wait to the ride (that takes you through MIB HQ) is neat. Around the corner is Amity Island, a recreation of the coastal town from Jaws. The Jaws ride is cool but definitely dated, but I like the Eastern Shore atmosphere of the area. You can continue on into Classic NYC, where you'll find a bunch of rides and the Beetlejuice rock show. The Twister ride was neat but not sure it was worth the lines and crowd, while Shrek 3-D was pretty fun. I recommend doing the 2-Park pass over a couple of days to see both Universal Studios ~and~ Islands of Adventure. Do Islands of Adventure first, to knock out all the rides and crowds, then come over here for a taste of classic Hollywood and a more relaxed day.
I love Universal Studios! I'm a big fan of taking pictures with characters and here you can take a picture with Hollywood Stars like Marilyn Monroe and Lucy, plus fun characters like The whole Simpsons family, Shrek, Fiona & Donkey, Jimmy Neutron, Spongebob, Curious George. Dora, Fievel and Beetlejuice! My favorite ride in this park is the newer Simpsons ride! Plus the fun Simpsons gift store is super cool. The Mummy ride is very cool and I also like the Men in Black shooting game ride! Jimmy Neutron is fun but man does it bounce...ladies, you'll wish you wore a sports bra! I think the preshow at Shrek is better then the actual ride/show. I really like the Animal Actors on Location show. It's very cool to see the Men In Black dog and other acting animals do their thing. The E.T. ride is such a classic! Love it! And I like saying my name is something completely different and strange so ET can try saying it at the end. This park is really easy to navigate around as it's in a huge circle around the park. If you need to eat in the park, don't go to any of their quick service restaurants! Finnegan's is a fun time and has tasty food. Lombard's Seafood Grill is also tasty. You may want to just hit up Citywalk though for a really good meal. They hold Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios which is AMAZING!
One of my favorite attraction at Universal is The Simpson Ride which is great so all ages. It's one of the newer rides there and I can't stop loving it. I do enjoy Universal but I find Islands of Adventure a lot more amusing since there are more "adult" like rides (roller coasters). It's great to go for all the classic movies though! I would like to talk about the meal deal ($20.99 for one park and $24.99 for both parks). I think it's a great deal! You have a choice of 3 different participating restaurants  in each park that gives you great food. It's worth it if you're going to be there all day and eat twice, any more would be an advantage for you. An entree and dessert is included in this meal and you can eat as much as you want.
My husband and I had a great time during our recent visit to this theme park. Aparently late September is the time to go since the lines were all pretty short.  If you are planning a trip, I would arrange to spend just one day in the main Universal Studios park and then at least two in Islands of Adventure.  If you are staying at one of the resorts, don't forget to plan on down time by the pool.  It is always hot and sunny (and humid) in Florida, so pool time is a must. The main theme park has pretty much the same stuff as the one in California.  It is a bit dated; most of the rides are from movies that came out more than 10 years ago.  My favorite was ET, that was a cool ride and fun for all ages.  I also really like the MIB ride since they gave you "guns" to shoot the aliens with and I was surprised that it actually kept track of your score at the end.  I did NOT enjoy The Mummy ride at all. I am really afraid of roller coasters and I was not expecting it to be that scary. For older adults (or anyone who needs to get out of the crowds and the sun for awhile) they also have some more low key things to do like the I Love Lucy exhibit.  I really enjoyed the Hollywood Horror Makeup show.  It wasn't as much real info as I expected but those two ladies were really funny and I was completely entertained for the entire hour (plus, it was nice to just sit in a/c for awhile). I also really liked the fact that you can get a beer at most of the restaurants... again an important factor when you need to take a break for a while.
We had a great time at Universal but ONLY because we got the express pass. With the xpress its about $120 per person which is a bit much but its worth it. When you go to Islands of Adventure you're only allowed to ride each ride once with the pass which sucks but by the end of the day the lines die down greatly. Lots of good places to eat. They have a dinner and a movie deal for $24 which IMO is fantastic. Especially for a theme park.
So if you read my review of Islands of Adventure, you'd know that my boyfriend and I started the day there and boozed it up.  I mean, really boozed it up.  To the point where I had to review a list of rides at Universal to jog my memory of which I had actually experienced.  Luckily, the memories came flooding back when I saw: Men in Black, Twister and The Mummy.  Especially The Mummy~ standing in line, I thought the ride would be kind of tame and geared mostly towards special effects like the others.  I was happily surprised when it ended up feeling more like a rollercoaster!  It was so fun and if the line had not been so long, I would have definitely gone again.   Men in Black was a good time as well-- I have a competitive streak so when challenged to a shoot-out, I totally thought I'd kill it or at least come close.  Not a chance.  Remind me not to shoot a real gun while under the influence of alcohol, okay?   The day went by way too fast and I'm feeling nostalgic already for what was a really great experience.  I can't wait for my next visit!
Meh.   Really!  Nothing to see here folks.   Islands of Adventure, on the other hand... Seriously, just skip this park and go to the other one.  Trust me.
My Ratings:   Quantity: 4 - Plenty of fun things to do! Quality: 4 - Lots to do! Price: 4 - Pricey for one day Location: 4 - Cool place! Parking: 4 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 3 - Good Speed: 3 - Good Overall: Did lots of rides, watched plenty of shows, ate really good food! I can't wait to go back for more! My Opinion/Story: I love the MIB ride and Revenge of the Mummy ride.  I like the 3D shows and everything in between.  It's a fun place for all ages.  We especially like the all you can eat meal plan.
I still don't know why they decided to place so many amusement parks in the place with the crappiest weather. UGH. Humidity is not my friend. So me being from Orange County, grew up with Universal Studios CA. This was pretty similar...with a stupid lake in the center of the park (actually it seems like all the florida amusement parks have that stupid lake) and the place is HUGE and annoying to walk around. They had twister instead of backdraft. I don't even remember there being a backlot tour so the king kong, eathquake, and jaws were all separate rides. That was kinda cool, kinda weird. The Florida park kinda loses the hollywood feel ny not having the backlot tour. They have the men-in-black ride..which I think was before the Buzz Lighyear ride. Cool concept but really long line. Do the singles line. So yeah, this is pretty decent but I still favor the CA park. Oh yeah! Instead of the special effects show, they had a movie make-up show which I highly recommend!!! Especially if you're a movie buff/ theatre person. Really awesome.
This place use to be cool and about movie making.  Now it's about trying to stay alive with the Islands of Adventure and Harry Potter going on next door.  The Disaster! thing was *yawn* and not worth the 30 minute wait.  I couldn't see half the time because of the way it was set up.   Simpsons ride was new-ish and cute.  I love the ET ride always!  The Mummy is AWESOME.  Check it out.  And Twister is cool once, and not worth waiting very long for.   This place has become a dead land though.  Not much of a wait anymore because there's no people around!  In a way this turned out to be a good thing.  You can seriously do everything in this park in four hours.
Universal Studios is always a decent time (but Islands is better). Good for the movie buff in you. They added a few new rides since the last time I went and good for them because The Mummy ride was pretty darn SWEEEEEET. Highly recommended. I still love MIB though. Who doesn't like shooting aliens with laser guns? Got to meet Spongebob and Shrek... good times. haha OH.. and the BEST part?? They have FREE lockers (for the first hour and a half). You know how rides force you to NOT have a bag or any belongings and make you pay with the quarters that you don't just happen to be carrying around for a locker that is used for the 20 minutes it takes you to wait on line and ride the ride? Well Studios AND Islands have FREEEEE lockers! So awesome. So thoughtful of them. and definitely get the combo Islands/Studios/Citywalk 7-day unlimited ticket. SO WORTH IT. The only hassle is the lack of access to the park from I-Drive (by PT). The trolley drops you off at Wet n Wild, then you either have to pay a cab or walk about a mile and only weird number Lynx buses go there. Ones that you can't easily pick up from I-Drive. Regardless, it's still a blast.
Universal Studios is always a decent time (but Islands is better). Good for the movie buff in you. They added a few new rides since the last time I went and good for them because The Mummy ride was pretty darn SWEEEEEET. Highly recommended. Got to meet Spongebob and Shrek... good times. haha OH.. and the BEST part?? They have FREE lockers (for the first hour and a half). You know how rides force you to NOT have a bag o read more r any belongings and make you pay with the quarters that you don't just happen to be carrying around for a locker that is used for the 20 minutes it takes you to wait on line and ride the ride? Well Studios AND Islands have FREEEEE lockers! So awesome. So thoughtful of them. and definitely get the combo Islands/Studios/Citywalk 7-day unlimited ticket. SO WORTH IT. The only hassle is the lack of access to the park from I-Drive (by PT). The trolley drops you off at Wet n Wild, then you either have to pay a cab or walk about a mile and only weird number Lynx buses go there. Ones that you can't easily pick up from I-Drive. Regardless, it's still a blast.
I was here for Hollywood Horror nights around the beginning of October, 2010.  The event was fun and pretty much what I expected (except the price -- wow was it expensive), but something happened that I did not expect and that ultimately ruined my experience at this park.   They have a terrible cockroach problem.   In the day time I saw 1 or 2 cockroaches crawling around and it wasn't that big of a deal.  At night it was a different story... the place is literally infested with them everywhere.  The worst experience I had was in the shops... I went to buy something and when I picked it up a cockroach crawled out from behind it.  While you're walking around outside you will see them just crawling around your feet - everywhere.   For the amount of money they charge one would think they could reasonably take care of this problem.  If cockroaches aren't something you can deal with, avoid this park at night.  I'm completely serious by the way -- outside of this problem the park is a lot of fun.  Just be prepared going in if you're there at night...
Universal Studios is tame compared to it's counterpart, Islands of Adventure.  If you're into movies, feeling like you're in a movie, or just like special effects and movie sets, then it's entertaining.  The Simpson's ride rocks the entire park, with the Twister ride coming in second place.  The area around the Jaws ride resembles Amity, the town featured in the movie, with carnival games lining the streets.  We played a few of the games and the attendants gave my nephew free extra tries until he won a huge stuffed bear--the highlight of his trip!  We got to the park at 9am and we bought the Fast Pass tickets.  Since the lines don't get long until after 10am, a lot of the staff didn't even check our pass!  With the fast pass we were in the park at 9am and out by 4pm--totally worth it. ***The Spiderman ride is not at Universal Studios; it's at Islands of Adventure.***
Right now, I'm currently waiting in line for the most anticipated ride in this park... the ticket line! Seriously, I've been here for over an hour and still no closer to the counter than I was an hour ago. I saw a little girl sitting on the counter while her parents talked to the ticket agent and now, 10 minutes later, she's still there. Poor thing. I can't imagine how arduoud this would be for a first-timer to the park. I've been fortunate enough to be able to visit this park many times over the years, this being the first time I've been back since 2009. However, I've been to Orlando area parks (disney included) since I was a year old, and I NEVER had to wait over an hour just to get my ticket to go to a stupid park. And despite the few entertaining rides on its premises, in retrospect, Universal Studios isn't even worth the admission. This park is unoriginal at best. The Disaster ride is just a rebranded version of the Earthquake ride. The Simpsons ride is just a rebrand of the Back to the Future ride. Even the new Despicable Me ride is a rebrand of the Jimmy Neutron ride, which was a rebrand of the Hanna Barbera ride. Same ride, different character. Sometimes they don't even bother hiding the remnants of the past ride. The last new ride they created is the rip ride rocket which according to my friends, isn't as exhilirating as it sounds. The customer service here is abysmal. I just got to a teller, after a 1 hour and 20 minutes, and she spent 5 minutes doing nothing, not acknowledging me or my family's presence or anythsng. It's been 5 minutes since the last paragraph and while I ended up going to another open teller, that was slightly more attentive, the lady that was in line behind me just collapsed a minute ago and we all chipped in to get her some water and a piece of candy. I think she suffered from low blood sugar from waiting in line here so long. I wish I were making all of this up but I'm not. Folks, this park does not give a dime about its patrons. I've seen enough in the last 5 minutes that would warrant never coming back to this park again. If you value customer service and want your family treated to a great time, I seriously suggest you go to a Disney park. It costs the same when you consider a one park/one day ticket.
Universal Studios's rides and stunt shows allow you to enjoy various movie worlds. At the time, they had Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Back to the Future, Terminator, and King Kong represented (to say the least). Now there's Spiderman, Shrek, The Simpsons, and (perhaps it was there before?) E.T. Adventure. It's a theme park, so don't be surprised by the expensive concessions. The park itself isn't TOO kitchy, with a somewhat universal (pun intended) appeal, though now I'm so far disconnected from television and film, I'm not in a hurry to return. But hey, if I started watching TV again, I'd be back.
I'm an annual pass holder.  I decided to meet a friend after work the other day just to go ride a few coasters.  The fall is a beautiful time to go.  The weather is perfect and the wait times are short.  I actually prefer this park over IOA.  I'll always pick it to visit first because of the atmosphere. Rockit has been re-opened and the wait time was only 20 minutes.  I'm sure the weekends would be busier.  We rode twice because I've never seen the line so short. After that we went over to Mummy.  The line was at least 30 minutes because they were only running one side. After that we headed to Islands of Adventure, but it was an easy in, easy out kind of day.  You don't see those during the summer.
We did a one-day Universal Studios only pass for an October Saturday.  Here are my quick thoughts on each attraction, along with wait times: Shrek 4-D:  Some funny lines but overall not that impressive.  Rest of my group really thought it was a waste.  No major motion in the ride.  15 min wait. Despicable Me: We all really enjoyed this ride (even though none of us have seen the movie), and it had some fun motion.  1 hour wait. Magic Show: This was a 15 minute magic show and it was enjoyable.  Recommend it for adults and kids. No wait. Horror Make-up show:  This was entertaining, as I enjoy horror movies.  It is a mix of movie clips and live action.  It actually has a lot of comedy in it.  No wait. Twister:  The intro videos as you go from room to room were quite boring.  And the TVs were old-style tube TVs (why not upgrade to HDTV?).  The actual show itself was fun though, especially at the end when the fire and damage occurs.  30 min wait. Mummy: Very entertaining indoor roller coaster.  I don't like roller coasters because of the deep drops, but this one was easy to do (there are no big drops, just a lot of speed).  1 hour wait. Disaster:  Terrible, and a big waste of time.  All of us disliked it.  20 min wait. Simpsons:  Fantastic!  I didn't expect much because I thought it was going to be a kiddie ride.  But it was a really entertaining motion simulator.  All of us loved it, even those that aren't Simpsons fans.  45 min wait. Men in Black:  I didn't get to ride it but the people that went said it was terrible, and a waste of time. Rock n Roll Roller Coaster:  I didn't go on this but the group loved it. Beetlejuice Show:  Pretty cheesy, with a lot of dated references (e.g. Pamela Anderson, Paris Hilton). Overall, there are some fun rides.  But like others have stated, Universal Studios is definitely showing its age.  I was disappointed by the value overall, since tickets are so expensive.  I would check out Islands of Adventure if you want some newer rides.
Universal Studios is divided into two parts...Universal Studios and Island of Adventure... Universal Studios has movie themed rides, special effects and stunts. It is more appealing to kids under 12 and features all the classics from our generation. (E.T. Simpson's, Shrek, Jaws, Indiana Jones, Spiderman). Lines are long and it's blazing hot outside, so be prepared. They love to trick you into thinking the lines are shorter than they actually are. The line for E.T. goes through 6 different rooms before you actually get on the ride. But it was worth the wait. My kids love this place! So what can I say?
I went to the various Disney parks and then bought tickets to Universal just because of Harry Potter.  I wanted to see the castle and the make belief town with the cute stores and foggy atmosphere.  It was on the disappointing side: 1. Money rip off - this place charges you EXTRA to get the 'fast pass'.  If you don't pay the extra amount, you get in a super super long line, in the sun, for the main HP ride.   2. The make belief world is very superficial.  Most of the storefronts are just fronts, with nothing behind it.  There is a candy shop and a magic tricks shop. 3.  The small souvenir store has only a few items (the wands and the robe).   Disney would have made a killing on the merchandise, but this place sold squat.   4.   There is no picture of the 3 main characters (HP, Hermione, or Ron), probably because Univ. didn't want to pay the royalty?  which limits the merchandise a LOT. 5.  SERVICE was very very spotty.  Some of the workers were downright RUDE.  I have to say that the employees at Disney were friendly and when asked, told me about the great benefits they get.  The employees at Univ. do not appear nearly as cheerful.   On the plus side: 1. Dr. Seuss park was really cute for the younger crowd. 2. the Superheroes park had some good rides (spiderman).  There was a good water ride. I will skip this park next time I visit Orlando.
Not even going to go into details about UNIVERSAL STUDIOS except I hated it ( In Living Color). Wait in line for cheesy 2 minute shows or rides.... CHECK!!! EL FIN
Ugh. Such a disappointment. The rides & shows were sooooooo stupid! The food options are especially bad. Fortunately I came on a day that wasn't too crowded and the waits were short (5-20 min). I can't imagine how hellish this place must be when it's even slightly crowded. Save your money and time. Universal Studios is a complete waste.
I always love you Universal - You aren't too big, I can walk you in a day and still have time to go back to the hotel and take a nap. We have year passes so we try to come out at least 2 to 3 times a year. It never gets old, from the mummy ride to the shows. This time we decided to see the show that tells you all about how they do makeup and masks and stuff in the movies and let me tell you, it was one of the best shows we have seen there. Filled with lots of info and cool stuff to being absolutely funny. The two girls putting on the show were great, we really enjoyed it. By the way, if you keep walking towards the back towards the ET ride, some people don't keep going and think the park ends there (We didn't know it kept going for the past 4 years....), well it doesn't. If you have kids keep walking they have a whole part there for the kids and a woody wood pecker ride and more. It was great, we even got on that ride haha.... I will be back soon Universal and hopefully it will be like this last time we went with fast lines and good weather. :)
Universal Studios is a great place to enjoy anytime of the year - with minimal crowds, and always some kind of celebration afoot (Mardi Gras, Summer Concert Series, Halloween Horror Nights or Holiday celebrations) it's a sure bet for fun, whether you're planning on spending a few hours there, or the entire day (or a few days!) Some of my must-do's at US include: 1. Jaws - classic attraction, of course and it never gets old for me.  Bonus: make sure you take a picture in front of the attraction with your head in Jaws' mouth! 2. E.T. - the lines are never ridiculous and I love the smell of walking through the forest, before boarding your bike. 3. seeing the train and Delorean from Back to the Future...okay, still bitter that that attraction closed (and for the sub-par Simpsons ride, but let's not go there today!) and if you're lucky enough, taking pics with Doc and Marty! In addition to the laid-back atmosphere and spread of movie-immersive moments, there are an array of cool places to hang out and grab a bite as well, like Mel's Diner (burgers, fries, shakes!) or 'real' Starbucks and Ben & Jerry's, if that's what you're in the mood for.
I've always been a W Coast girl with Disneyland and Universal California so going to the Orlando branch was something I was looking forward to. The biggest differences right off the bat is that Universal in Orlando has 2 separate parks (Universal and Islands of Adventure). We did a Express pass and ended up finishing early at IOA. We ended up coming over to Universal to see if we could finish out the day there. We had bought two single-day passes and the gate wouldn't let us in. We went to guest services and there was a nice gentlemen behind the counter who was able to switch our tickets and actually refund us $30 of the price difference. There was some overlap in rides that are similar to LA (the Mummy Returns, Jaws, Shrek 4D, etc). Some disappointments: The mummy returns was broken was we first showed up. The Twister Ride (which is specific to Orlando) was broken. The Simpsons Ride was fun as always. Disaster (which is also specific to Orlando) was a little slow and was just okay. We did end up buying Express Passes for Universal as well after being spoiled at Islands of Adventure with line skipping. For those on a time crunch or who are impatient, I recommend paying the extra $25 or so/pp (depending on time of year/day of week). We were concerned at completing two parks and over a holiday weekend. We bought an Express Pass and was able to see everything we wanted to. Overall, the Universal Park in Orlando isn't bad but the LA branch definitely has more to offer. It was good to see the differences between the two but I'd stick to IOA if I only had limited time in Orlando and skip the Universal park altogether.
I liked Island of Adventures better, but gotta give this 4 stars because of their layout. Everything make sense to me here! Bahahaha. It's not too crowded, and lines go by fast. I loooove The Mummy and the huuuuuge Hollywood roller coaster. Easily the best rides here! However, it's not a big park, and my brothers&I easily covered everything in less than a day [even with our ride-repeats]. The single rider line is a blessing, but even the regular lines seemed to go by quickly. I'm definitely coming back.
I really think this park is underrated when compared to its younger brother, Islands of Adventure. It's the better park, in my opinion. First off, it's a lot less crowded. Everyone fills up IOA and the lines here never took longer than 35 minutes, tops. Meanwhile, across the bay, lines to get on The Hulk or Spiderman were over an hour and that was the weekend they opened the Harry Potter area, meaning that lines in IOA were shorter because everyone was wasting their day waiting in a 6 hour line just to get into that part of the park. IOA has the image of being the thrill park while Universal appears to be more tame, but that's not at all the case. For every thrill ride in IOA, there is one that is just as good at Universal. The Rip Ride and Rock-it was fantastic, lifting you up the first hill at a 90 degree angle and playing music of your choice through speakers built into the seat. The Mummy is also a deceptively cool coaster, throwing you down into the underworld looping through the dimly lit passages. It also has great immersion-type rides like The Simpsons, Men in Black (high score was 209,000 by my wife) and Jimmy Neutron. Kids and adults alike get a kick out of these. And if you didn't laugh at the finale in Jimmy Neutron, you're just too uptight to be in this park so get back to cougar hunting at City Walk. Some of the other attractions are made better by their campiness. If I worked here I'd want to be a "tour guide" on the Jaws ride because the audience knows what's coming so you're left to just have a good time with the script. Our guide was hilarious, at one point even threatening an obnoxious wasp with his grenade launcher. A+ experience. Don't let the IOA hype keep you from this park.
Word of warning if you're getting tickets to Halloween Horror Nights and want tickets to the parks beyond that: They offer an "Annual Pass" that is a bit of a shell game. They offer annual passes for a few dollars more. Sounds nice right?  Well be warned. You will go to buy your Halloween Horror Nights tickets at the cheaper passholder rate online, and you won't be able to.  Why?  Your Annual Pass is not active, and has no account number, until you roll up to the park and "acivate" your ticket. So the only way you can get HHN tickets is to drive to Orlando, pick up your ticket at the park, then hope that they haven't sold out of HHN Passholder tickets, or all of the tickets (Halloween itself) after you've driven all that way.   You could pay Florida resident rate for $5.00 pp more. Then you get to track down a Coke bottle with an acceptable code. At Disney they don't screw with you like this. You're a welcome guest, not a sucker being hustled. This is why I don't bring my kids here.  Oh, and if you think this is unique to this situation, wait until you try to buy a Fast Pass or something and you run into their Byzantine system's problems.   They want you to pay more, or they would make this easier. Do not be fooled.
I visited the Universal Studios park this past weekend.  All I could think was how it does not compare to Disney.  Everything seems a bit dated, and I just found that there was not enough to fill the entire day with activity. I really enjoyed the Mardi Gras parade.  We sat on the curb near Mel's Diner, and it was fun to collect as many beads as I could.  The floats were colorful and exciting.  However, before the parade began, two policemen on motorcycles came around, and drove as close as they could to the edge of the curb, in order to have people keep their feet off the street.  I was appalled at how dangerous this was.  If a small child or anyone for that matter, had moved accidentally, the motorcycles could have ran right over their feet. I also really enjoyed the fifteen minute magic show in the store in Beverly Hills.  It was captivating and left me wondering how did they do that? The Shrek 4-D show is very funny and cute.  It's so fun how the seat moves and you really feel like you're right in the movie with the characters.  A must-do. The Revenge of the Mummy coaster is my favorite ride in this park.  It can be a little intense for those who don't love roller coasters, but I find it great fun.  The fire is so hot! Twister is a waste of time.  You watch a lot of pre-ride films, and then you go into a set where wind and rain blow on you.  Don't bother. Jaws is absurd.  It's so outdated.  There is nothing scary or exciting about this ride, and it's basically a waste of time.  Our tour guide was very awkward and made it unpleasant.  You can get a little wet. The Men in Black ride was fun, but the Buzz Lightyear ride at Disney is ten times better.  This ride just seems outdated.  The Simpsons ride was fun, but the pre-ride show is way too long.  The ET ride is pretty, and fun to see, but again, is outdated.  I really enjoyed the Animal Actors show -- it's so cute and funny.  I loved the pig! All in all, Universal Studios just doesn't have enough to entertain me. The bulk of the rides are outdated and because I had the Universal Express pass due to staying on property, I waited in no lines and was done with everything in about half a day.
1. weird parking rules (going) all the way to the top to park as a rule). 2. Spider-man can be a little uncomfortable for those with motion issues. 3.  Jaws may be classic (read old) but it has good effects considering when the ride was made
I visited Universal Studios last week and it was fun. Upon entering Universal Studios, there is this initial liveliness and cheer but as you walk further in, the liveliness sort of dies down. This is what I didn't like, it was really mellow, not a huge crowd or anything (not that I'm complaining because there were still pretty decent waits for the rides) but just outside of the coasters and rides the park itself was kind of meh. Whereas at Islands, it was always lively, kids running around everywhere, more places for photo ops, more characters walking around, places like toon lagoon for lots of interaction. Universal Studios just seemed more adult, it mimiced a small cute little town, their shows included a blues brothers singing thing. It just doesn't seem as attractive to children as Islands does. Even though I am an adult, I just wish it was a little more lively. However, i must say I really enjoyed the rides. MIB:Alien Encounter was tons of fun, brought out my inner child with the whole shooting thing, i LOVED the mummy ride and the simpsons ride, went on it multiple times. The new coaster rip rocket is sooo fun, i loved it. I loved that you can customize a song to play to only you while you are riding - pretty cool! And the line was not long at all! Personally, i hated shrek. The wait was pretty long, once you got inside they hyped you up but the actual show was meh. Not too impressive. Twister was just like you stand in this room and a twister like tornado thing happens on an indoor set and it gets really loud and starts raining (not on you), it was cool but still, kind of dated and not as impressive either. We didn't even try Disaster or Terminator because we were sick of the shows that we had already seen. ET was easy, simple, and very good for kids, no huge drops or thrills here, almost like riding a carousel but the inside is very beautiful and cool and the kids would definitely enjoy it. I remember going on it as a kid and going on it again was pretty nostalgic :) It would be nice if they built another coaster and had more things to do on the side throughout the park.
This place is so-so... Universal Studios Hollywood is WAY better... What's good? Shrek 4D and the MIB ride.
Shrek in 4D, Jimmy Neutron, Spongbob in the flesh...all the things your kids go nuts over! No lines this time of year AND great shopping! Loved it!
I have to be one of the minority in saying that I am not a big fan of these parks. My bf and I have just gotten back from Orlando.  We were out there from Oct 8 thru the 14th. On this trip we didnt set whole days aside for going to Universal because of the let down its been in the past. All you really need is 1 1/2 days, 2 days tops to visit both parks, (depending on what time of year you go.  Just an FYI, I ALWAYS reccoment going to Orlando between the last week of Sept thru the first week of Nov...the lines are super short for some rides and the weather is awesome). The rides leave something to be desired.  Sure there are some fun ones there...Jaws is always a good time, as is Twister, the Mummy, Jurassic Park, and a few of the coasters at Islands of Adventure, but basically for me and my tastes its kinda a let down. You cant call yourself an adventure theme park and not have insanely good coasters and high excitment rides.  You would expect something different from Universal Studios.  At least you dont have any let down expectations at Disney. I agree with one of the other Yelpers that mentioned that it is not worth it without the express pass.  Its expensive (which adds to my low review) however, I would have really not liked it if we would have waited in line any more then 30 minutes for ANY of those rides. **************************** The last 2 years in a row my bf and I have traveled down to Orlando in October and went to see Universals "Halloween Horror Nights."  Basically its an add on to a regular days admission (or you could be like us and JUST pay to get into this event, which after the ExPress Passes was still over $100 ).  After the parks close, they turn one of them into this huge halloween orintated attraction.  Most of the rides at the park are still open, and along with that they have 5+ very large haunted houses. The first year was pretty good.  It was scary, the haunted houses were very well put together, the crowd was good, the characters walking around the streets were scary etc. This year, after being there for an hour, hour and a half, we were ready to leave.  People were drinking in excess from the get go.  My bf and I are no strangers to drinking and dont have an issue with it, but it does become aggravating when your walking around with 22 yr olds who have been doing shots they bought AT THE PARK for the last 2 hrs, and are now pushing eachother around and acting like they are back at the frat house. At one point, we were in line for Twister and a group of 5 guys all between 19-23 more then likely, and reaking of hard liqour, were in front of us.  There was a group of older people who came in using wheel chairs.  The guys yelled out loud enough for everyone to hear, as well as Universal Staff "Lets let the retards through"  refering to the older people who were just older or had leg and foot issues. About 5 minutes later the dad of this group, a guy in his 40's or 50's started yelling innapropriate things out at the screen of the movie we were watching. Finally the straw that broke the camels back was when we walked in and one of the guys made a lewd and suggestive comment at me. (Normally Im not prudish in the least and brush that stuff off) but in front of everyone, and in front of my own BF?!  Meanwhile staff just looked on, and said nothing. We left after that. PS...hahahaha the haunted houses were NOT scary this year. We more then likely after 2 years of only so so expereinces, will NOT be back to Universal for at least a few years.
I haven't been here in over 10 years, but not much has changed. They took out the Nickelodeon studios and the fountain wasn't working. We started with Shrek's 4-D.  This is a motion ride, so we get thrown around a lot. It was ok, but the pre-show was funny.  Not really worth the wait.  Next we did Twister, which was BORING. They could do so much with it.  The next one was the best---The Mummy.  So cool. Use the free lockers (such a nice touch) and have a blast. I loved it and wanted to go back, but it was such a long wait and we still had Jaws to do. Jaws was fun too. We ended with Disaster, which I think replaced Earthquake. So much fun and a really funny experience. I liked Islands a lot more and would spend more time there. Wish I had a chance to do Men in Black and/or Teminator, but there wasn't enough time.
I go once every year to enjoy a great day of fun at the parks! Love both parks. Thanks for the Florida resident discount which makes it a bit easier to spend that much money to enter a park but at least now there's Harry Potter to make you dream of wizards and magic so now it is worth the money. I don't like the big ride since I get scared so here are my favorite rides: -Popeye (my favorite in the world) great in the hot summer to get wet... I do it 3 times in row. - Men in Black , you got love killing aliens and trying to get the highest score (tip: use the single riders lane to avoid the line) -Spiderman: love the 3D effects -Jaws: it's getting old but the shark attacks are pretty fun - Shrek: also a great 3D show -Twister: too short but I love the twister and other special effects - Simpson: I have to close my eyes in the beginning but the rest of the show is ok, I prefer the Back to the Future version of the ride in Los Angeles I might try the Harry Potter ride this year, so no judgement yet. Everything in the park is amazing, bring you camera especially for Harry Potter. Hogwarts is breathtaking! On the negative side: The food concessions are expensive so bring you lunch if you can. The Citiwalk is fun but always too crowded.
I could almost give this place one star but some of it really wasn't that bad. The Harry Potter area is way over crowded. They let everyone in around 4:00 but I would advise not going. It was so crowded we could barely walk. Got in line for a little roller coaster (the bigger rides had waits up to 2 hours) and the damned thing broke down. We waited to see if it would get fixed. They started taking people off the ride with a ladder and that's when we decided it wasn't going to get fixed soon so we got out of line. Trying to find an exit we walked to where we thought it would be and heard the roller coaster start up again. We tried to hurry back to get our place in line but that was difficult because of the crowd. We made it back and got on the ride. It was very short and not worth the wait. We did like Jurassic Park and I enjoyed the water show in the tomb. I can't remember the name. The talking water fountain was a hoot and my daughter still talks about Cosmo (the fountain). After going to Holiday World in Santa Claus Indiana nothing can compare to it. The free drinks and sunscreen and no lines!!
I'm having a fun time exploring Universal Orlando.  Our family grew up vacationing at Walt Disney World, but when we relocated to Orlando we knew it was time to finally check out Universal. I've been enjoying having the opportunity to visit and explore the park on a casual level.  Living close by, and having season passes makes for a much more relaxed visit.  I like rides, but I'm one to take in the atmosphere a bit more.  Universal Orlando is a beautiful park and strolling around is a nice way to see all the details that make it worth a visit.  . While I realize most folks are going to the park for rides I don't think Universal will disappoint.  Though I haven't been on all the rides, I know my kids enjoy The Simpsons, Rip Rocket, The Mummy and Men in Black to name a few.  I on the other hand have enjoyed sitting at Finnegan's with a Smithwick's listening to some Irish tunes. We've been having a fun time coming out for the weekly Mardi Gras celebration. The decorations, parade, entertainment, and eats make it a fun festive atmosphere for all.  The Mardi Gras concert lineup is a great bonus for those going to the parks; you can't beat that it's included in your Universal Admission or Annual Pass.  Getting to see some top performers has been a blast. Whether you have just a day to spend or an Annual Pass where you can come back at your leisure, Universal is a great theme park where kids of all ages are bound to have a good time.
I love this park! I loved the rides and I especially loved the Hollywood Rocket. What an amazing concept for a ride! There is usually a decent line but I definitely think that it is worth the wait. My other favorite ride is the Mummy Returns. It's a really fun indoor rollercoaster that I went on several times during the course of my trip. The other rides were definitely fun, I get dizzy on the simulator rides though so I'm not loving the fact that 3 of the rides are like that and as of next summer there will be a 4th (Transformers 3D). The other thing I do not love is the fact that it closes at 7pm even on weekends while the other park stays open till 9.
There are only 3 things here worth going on. 1. The Simpsons ride. By far the best thing in the park. It just opened this past week and it freaking rocked. It took over the old back to the future ride. They did a fantastic job with the line with lots of tv's and showing Krusty and lots of simpsons clips. The ride itself was a lot of fun. I wish there was time to ride it again, but the line was too long. A must do! 2. Men In black. Fun and there was no line. We went on twice and never waited. It's fun to go with your friends and see who can score the highest. 3. Shrek 4-D. Cute movie and great pre-show. I've been the Universal Studios in Hollywood a bunch of times so it was disappointing that there was no back lot tour. Very strange. This park is mostly shows. Go here and do those three things and then walk over to Islands of Adventure.
Wish I didn't go here. During my limited stay in Orlando, I thought this would be cool.. should have gone to Islands of Adventure!   Long lines, crappy rides..  I think the one in Universal City, CA is better.   It ended up raining, and we left early.   We went to a timeshare deal and got free tickets to go to 2 theme parks, and this was one of them -- what a mistake. My visit was almost 4 years ago, so if they added new stuff do not consider that in my review.
Over 50 minutes just to get into the Parking lot...I think not. Come on guys get it together.  If u really are the youngest park in Orlando maybe u need to learn from ur elders. If Disney (way more popular) can get guests in the park in under 15 minutes I expect universal to be better or at least the same. And they charge more then Disney too $16. I feel like I'm starting out on a bad note. At this point I would not waste my money or time at this park again.
Universal Studios Orlando Resort is the original Universal Orlando theme park. The attractions here are not as interesting as at Islands of Adventure. There are a few really fun rides here - the MIB one, Simpsons and Shrek are some of my favorites. My absolute favorite though is the Hollywood Rip Ride Rocket. It's just an AWESOME roller coaster, but not for the faint of heart! We also enjoyed shopping at the Kwik E Mart, picking up Simpsons themed souvenirs and gifts. I probably wouldn't spend an entire day at this park alone, but it's a good complement to Islands of Adventure. I'd recommend getting a combo ticket for both parks and coming to this one in the middle of the day when the lines at Islands of Adventure are at its peak.
This review is for "Halloween Horror Nights".  I went this year for my second visit, as I hadn't been since 1999.  I don't think I was expecting anything too special.  But I was expecting to be frightened and have a decent time.  *sigh*  The thrill is gone.  Gone away. While the premise is great - the whole place gets turned into a giant haunted theme park at night - the execution is so basic.  There are "scare zones" you can walk through, buildings that are used as haunted houses, scary figures that approach you seemingly out of nowhere...   Without going into spoilers, I will say that Universal seems stuck in a formula that they aren't willing to change.  There are so many dark corners that could be taken advantage of but are not. The lines are OUTRAGEOUS!  I could NOT believe it.  90 minutes for a 3-minute run through of the haunted houses.  90 friggin' minutes!!!  And yes, there's an "express pass" available.  But why would I pay $71 for a ticket (after the FL resident discount and taxes) then turn around and pay $70 (BEFORE taxes) for the express pass???    I'm supposed to pay $150 for a very average Halloween experience?  Get outta here!  Totally not worth it. HHN is a once-in-a-lifetime thing.  If you haven't been yet, feel free to go.  I remember being scared out of my WITS the first time around.  As for me, I've been there, done that, won't be back to do it again.
This review is for Universal Studios only: For decades, I wanted to see what the hype was about this place.  I thought it was for adults.  This caters to the kids.  Thank god we had free tickets.  No way this place is worth the admission.  Not enough adult rides, too many over priced food stands.  Please do not use the express plus pass on this part, use it on the Island of Adventures.  Don't have a favorite theme park ride...maybe the Return of the Mummy had a cool moment but no ride or experience there wow(s) you.   It is what it is. Grade: C
Can't wait to go back. I didn't want to leave. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter was quite possibly one of the greatest experiences of my life. If you're a Harry Potter fan and you haven't been...you NEED to go. The lines are horrifically long, but it is seriously worth it. This park is smart and strategically places beer and butter beer stands right in the middle of the line. Just don't drink too much butter beer before getting on The Forbidden Journey... Here's my tip: get to the park early, do the water rides first. That way, you'll stay nice and cool when the sun is high, but you'll dry off by the time it starts to get chilly. Best rides: The Forbidden Journey, Incredible Hulk, The Simpsons Ride, Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls, Jurassic Park River, Revenge of the Mummy, Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit. Best bars on CityWalk: Pat O'Brien's, Cigarz, Affordable food: NASCAR Sports Grill, Hard Rock Cafe
"Yay, I'm still a fan."  But that's not to say that the new roller coaster has worked out all of its kinks.  The line we waited in was 90 minutes which was what we expected for the newest addition to their attractions.  What seemed frustrating though was their Single Rider system.  When we tried to line up for that line, we were told it was closed.  Then after waiting at least an hour, they opened it up and many other guests sailed by us and got to the front much quicker.   The ride itself is exciting and longer than I expected.  I opted for the cartoon people to choose my song and was disappointed with their choice (it was one with no words and unrecognizable).  Next time, I won't leave it to chance.  Unfortunately the video software at the end of the ride was not working so we weren't able to make our masterpieces.  That's to be expected though of a brand new coaster. One other note to future park guests, if you are in the mood for a nice sit down lunch in the park, be weary of Lombard's Seafood restaurant.  It was not what it seems to be.  The service was great but the food was less than terrific for the price.
Universal Studios the original park is a bit outdated.  I went when I was about 10, then again as an adult about 5 years ago and now again just a few days ago.  They got rid of a lot of the really old rides but replaced it with meh attractions.  The best rides in this park is The transformer's 3D.  Pretty cool special effects, just pretty awful story line.  The mummy ride is a bit old, but still one of my favs.  I didn't get a chance to ride Rock It, so it's a bit missing.  The Despicable Me Ride the wait is crazy! And the ride itself is entertaining but could be much better for a new ride.  The simpsons ride was awful, the whole park is nostalgic but that was about it.  The twister ride needs to be replaced.  And then the rest of the park is all shows.  Secret to making your way through this park.  If you don't mind splitting up, do the single rider lane.  It will save you at least 30 minutes - 1 hr per ride.
If you go to Universal expecting Disney World, you're probably going to be disappointed. That being said, if you just go expecting to have a good time, you'll probably be okay. It's a little more adult, and there's less characters to interact with, but there's still plenty to do. If you use the single rider line, you'll have almost no wait, and sometimes you still end up sitting with your group. As far as Universal goes - The Mummy and the Rip Ride Rocket are both pretty awesome roller coasters. I love the Mummy because it's inside, and you don't have to wait out in the heat. I have a friend who absolutely loves the MiB ride - you shoot at aliens as you ride by in the little car. I'm not as big on it, but it has some devoted followers. Shrek 4D is a fun little jaunt, as is the Simpsons ride (although I'm still bitter that they got rid of Back to the Future). There's also Islands of Adventure, which of course has the Harry Potter world, the dragon roller coaster, Spider Man, and my favourite roller coaster ever - The Hulk. And the Jurassic water ride is the best! It makes you feel like you're trapped with the escaped dinos, even though you know it's a show. And then there's Citywalk, the resorts, and all the rest, all of which are unique in their own way. A lot of the reviews just seem to be hating on Universal because it's not Disney World. And it's not. It's something else completely.
A lot of people say in their reviews they won't compare Universal to Disney but I am because with tickets being so ridiculously expensive, sometimes you have to chose one or the other. Every year we visit the Disney parks but this year we also tried Universal. When you arrive you walk through the City Walk area which has lots of nice restaurants and at the end you either turn right to Universal or left to Islands of Adventure. You can buy tickets for both or buy tickets for just one.  We only did Universal. Do yourself a favor and purchase your tickets online. We stood in line at the park to buy tickets and it was the most frustrating experience EVER! It seriously took an hour and a half of being hot and sweaty before we got to the front of the line because everyone took at least 10 minutes at the window and there were only a few windows open. C'mon people- figure out what type of ticket you want to buy before you get up there! We took less than a minute at the window. The park itself is more suited to teenagers and adults. We actually didn't see many children all day. Most of the rides are simulators so you might want to bring some dramamine. We were there on a Thursday afternoon and pretty much walked onto all the rides except for the Despicable Me ride which was fun but the very short ride wasn't worth the 50 minute wait. Transformers is the best ride we have ever been on. It was fun, no big drops, and is totally worth waiting in line for. Men in Black was a problem for us because even though shooting aliens was fun, the car you are in spins quickly for absolutely no reason other than to make you sick. I actually thought I would throw up. The Simpsons ride was also motion simulator but we got motion sickness because the movements were very jarring. I read some reviews that said you can't bring bags onto the rides and have to put them in the free lockers, but everyone I saw brought bags on the rides. We didn't bother paying extra for fast pass which lets you cut to the front of the lines. Everyone who stays at  Universal resorts gets this for free so paying for it seemed crazy. This park lacks the Disney charm or "magic." It seemed most of the employees dreaded being there and were exceedingly rude. We much prefer the Disney parks which have so much more to offer.
This park wasn't as fun for me as the Islands of Adventure but there were still plenty of good times to be had!!  I loved the E.T. ride, it brought back so many memories from my childhood!!  I have to dust off the old E.T. VHS and pop in the movie!!  My husband got a huge kick out of the Spiderman ride and he also loved the Terminator movie. I love that they offer beer but their dining options inside the park really need to be improved.  We ended up having lunch at the Irish restaurant and it was better than the cafeteria food but still not as good as it could have been.
Okay well I've been here about 5 times since I was 11. I just visited today, and all I can say is that they really need to update a lot of rides. Men In Black use to be my favorite but for some reason I found it... boring. I'm surprised I'm saying this. Maybe because I've been on it so many times? Or because it really is the future and the guns are kinda old school? I believe they finally got rid of the Jaws ride, they at least updated the Jimmy Neutron to Despicable Me which was really cool. I feel like Shrek is played out, E.T. I don't even think kids know who or what movie that is. Even though the ride is enjoyable, it's kind of boring. I would probably be sad to see it go, but still. Beetlejuice (a show), same thing, as well as Woody The Wood Pecker, and Terminator is really old too.   They at least added a whole new ride which is the Transformers. It was really good. You're typical simulation ride but we all really enjoyed it. (Like Spiderman which is on the Island Of Adventures side.) The added a lot to The Simpsons section which we enjoyed. They also need to get rid of all those old school building and replace them with some actual attractions. UPDATE PLEASE. I'm still a fan though, sadly.
The ride that is most worth re-riding is the mummy! Everything else is just alright... I would suggest either upgrading your ticket or get a park hopper ticket. Also, if you are planning to visit the park. I would highly recommend going on a weekday, the queue is shorter (eg 10min for the mummy and 15min for Harry potter castle ride. -1 star for the super rude parking attendant that said "oi oi move down", universal should train their parking attendants to have more manners. That's just plain rude!
Compared to the other Orlando theme parks Universal Studios is just OK. But maybe I'm biased because I've been so many times since the doors opened. They try to update the park but the replacements are so similar to the older rides they replaced that it still doesn't light a spark for me. For instance, Hanna-Barbera replaced with Jimmy Neutron (same ride, different video). Earthquake and Twister are similar type rides. The Mummy is a cool hybrid of real roller coaster and simulation but is short and usually has a huge line. I like Men in Black which is like the old Kong ride but you get to shoot at aliens with a laser gun and compete against your car-mates. Jaws is a classic but could use an update. If you've never been it is worth doing but once will probably be enough. Spend your time next door at IOA., especially if you like rides.
I know the Horror Nights are still going on so please don't make the same mistake as I did and assume that Universal closes at the same time as Islands of Adventure. Universal closes an hour earlier ... I wish I knew because my time there was a waste! We slept in thinking we would have time to do everything because it's a smaller park. When we first got there we did the Terminator Ride which had cool effects. Then we saw a magic show which was strictly propaganda to show you what you can buy at the magic shop. Then we were approached by a survey taker for NBC. They offer to pay you 25.00 to watch a show and critique it but it takes 2 hours! I thought I had more time so my husband and I did it. If you want to avoid it say that you are a Florida resident then they will not bother you. My husband took extra long because his answers were like little mini novels. After that we were only able to go on the Mummy, the Simpson's Ride, and Twister. Those rides were cool but when we tried to go on Men in Black they shut the park down so they can get everyone out of there for the Horror Nights. We went to customer service to explain our plight and the only thing they offered us was an extra hour at Islands of Adventure. We figured by the time we walked over there we might have time for one ride but we didn't think it was worth it so we left.
So sad the much talked about Mummy Ride was down the day I went :( This park is pretty small and can definitely be done in one day. I actually think both parks can be done in one day if you have the fast pass and have the energy to do that. All the rides are motion pictures (indoor) and something movie like.. except for their only roller coaster rip ride rocket. Hands down the best roller coaster between BOTH of their parks. The fast pass does not include this ride, but it's definitely worth the wait. I loved seeing the decorations (is that the right word?, lol). The level of detail is phenomenal at Krustyland and throughout the park.
Visited this theme park a few weeks ago. Decided to visit this park vs Islands of Adventures because it has more age appropriate rides children in the ages from 4 and up. I was going to write a more detailed review, however a few reviews below me, Kelly H., said exactly what I was about to say. So I will save on the typing and recommend you read Kelly's review. ;-)
This is a review for just the Universal Studios part of the resort, NOT Islands of Adventure. This is probably the worst theme park I've ever been to. Everything is super dated (Men in Black and ET) and boring. There was nothing to really do or see. The only thing that got me excited was when I saw that we could take pictures with one of the minions from Despicable Me.   There is the Simpsons ride and stuff related to that, but there is really nothing that makes the price of this park worth it. So glad we got park hopper passes for $40 bucks. I would have been so pissed if I paid full price for this place. This park is super small. We finished it in half a day.   The Universal Studios in LA is SOOOO much better! Take the time to go there! So much more to do and everything is pretty fresh and new. I remember that they were opening up a Transformers ride soon.
I've been to Universal Studios in LA several times, but this was my first visit to the one in Orlando. Honestly, Universal Orlando was also the most boring of the parks I visited during my trip. We were in and out in about 3-4 hours, including a break for lunch! The rides are pretty much the same as the one in LA, with the addition of the roller coaster, which I chickened out of riding anyway. That initial climb is wicked! The Mummy Ride is fun, but short and Jaws is hilariously lame and left me with a wet butt. MIB is pretty much the same thing as Buzz Lightyear and the ride that I was looking forward to most of all - the Simpsons - left me quite nauseus. If you've never been to Universal in LA, I think the Orlando park is worth a visit. Once you've been to one park though, they're kind of all the same. Skip Universal and head to Island of Adventure istead.
We loved the Simpsons ride.  Revenge of the Mummy was cool, but the ride is too short.  Only 1 minute for such a long wait?  The Rip Ride Rockit was awesome!  You get to pick your own music for the ride and away you go.  (I personally recommend some Motley Crue.)  The little kids loved Shrek 4D and the Barney show/playground.  There was also a Curious George and Americal Tail play land that was really cute.  Disaster was not my favorite, but if you're a behind the scenes type, you might enjoy it.  Twister was just ok, but don't wait in line too long.  Not worth it at all. A great themepark and worth the trip.
Universal Orlando Resort encompasses the theme park Islands of Adventure, the shopping district Universal City Walk, all the resort hotels surrounding like the Hard Rock Hotel and the Royal Pacific, and lastly Universal Studios actual lot, which is where I want to concentrate my review on (strange there is not an actual page for the Studios Lot.) Years back I have visited the West Coast counterpart and really enjoyed it because there were so many different things packed into the same lots; so many rides and 3D coaster rides and water rides, and Water World show. Studios Orlando, in comparison, is just a bit underwhelming to me. There are a lot of shops (yay?) and the biggest attraction (to me) in the lots, The Rock It coaster ride, wasn't even open to public, reason unknown. There were some visually appealing show from The Mummy (I said show, because the ride wasn't all that) and Terminator 2 (in 3-D!) and MIB, but other than that, it was a lot of walking, and a lot of window-shopping for friends and I. Luckily we got there at the right time, and caught the Blues Brothers in the studios street. That was quite entertaining. We did want to see Blue Man Group, but apparently so do everyone else, and technically that's outside of the Studio Lots isn't it?
The entire resort encompasses the 3 On Site Hotels : Loews Portofino Bay Hotel  ( Solid 5 Stars) Hard Rock Hotel ( What else can be said about the Hard Rock ? Rock on !) Loews Royal Pacific Resort (Unique Islands experience) the 2 Parks : Islands of Adventure Universal Studios Florida and City Walk Each one of these can spawn no less than half a dozen reviews of their components, what is undeniable is that the sum of all parts make for a unique, unrivaled destination that will no doubt result in some of the best experiences you can have in your life. Having grown up overseas, I have the uncanny ability of not taking this destination for granted, after all, it was my dream to one day come and visit. And visit we did.
I have loved Universal Studios since the 90's, when you could park right by the globe. It's changed greatly over the years and the inclusion of City Walk and Islands of Adventure have only added to the fun. It is a great destination, plenty to do, a great assortment of restaurants, and parking is really a breeze with the parking garage. Perfect place for a staycation! If you go often, the passes are a great deal for discounts on parking and food/drink.
One of my favorites to visit while in town. It can get pretty busy is my only complaint!
Although it has changed a lot in recent years (for the poorer in my opinion) A peice of my heart still belongs to Universal Studios. It was my first theme park ever, And I make it a point to visit at least one every 2-3 years. Although It is a fun and entertaining park for families, if you haven't been there in awhile, you might find yourself severely dissapointed with what has been cut from this park. The Good: Fun, family centric rides: Unlike Islands of Adventuire, Universal Studios deosn't have any rollercoasters, making it perfect for families without iron stomachs. Though some of the rides can get intense at times, none of them are really thrilling or scary. Lots of movie magic: This place has rides inspired by movies like The Mummy, Jaws and ET, so there's something everyone can relate to. The Bad: What happened??: OK, here's where I'm going to complain. What happened to King Kong?? That was this place's signiture ride for YEARS. I remember when my mom worked here it was on their NAMETAG, that's how crucial it was. Equally heartbreaking was the cut of the Hanna Barbera attraction and the Ghostbusters show. Oh, the saddness. Does anyone know if they are still doing the horror make-up show?? If that was cut I am so going to pieces. Universal Studios is definitely worth a visit, and if you have never been there before you won't be dissapointed. But if you have, I am sorry to say that you might be.... Overall 7.0/10= Universal, why you be changin'??
Island of Adventure is wayyy better than this place. Its a but run down. The good thing is that we went on a weekday and there were not lines!
I was really surprised by how small this park is.  I mean, Islands of Adventures seemed huge compared to the older Universal Studios.  We came right when the park opened at eight, and easily could have done all the rides by noon if we hadn't decided to go back to our hotel and sleep for a few hours. ATTRACTIONS Revenge of the Mummy: I loved The Mummy and everything Ancient Egypt, so I was looking forward to this roller coaster.  I'm a little disappointed with how much of it was dark - it's much more fun to see stuff when you go whizzing around - but the set decoration I did see was pretty freakin' cool.  I did get jostled around a *lot*, so so the motion sickness prone might want to pass. Disaster: Anything involving Christopher Walken - I'm sorry, Frank Kincaid - is going to be awesome.  It's a little slow getting started, since an employee has to pick several actors from the crowd and take shots of them for the final "movie" trailer, but once you get into the subway it's a fun ride.  I mean, you got earthquakes, fire, and flood - all the disaster you could want, right? Jaws: We hemmed and hawed about going on this ride because we didn't want to get wet.  (It was an unusually cold December morning.)  Finally we did, and naturally my butt got *soaked*.  It's a decent ride, about on par with Disney's Jungle Cruise in terms of thrills.  I thought it could have used a lot more shark. Men in Black Alien Attack: This must have been so cool when the ride first opened, but now it's a little worn down.  The guns aren't very accurate; you can't really tell if you're hitting the aliens or not!  You get spun around a lot, so again, this ride might be problematic for those who get sick easily.  I do think it's really cool that your score effects the outcome of the ride. The Simpsons Ride: As sad as I am that there's no Back to the Future ride, I'm glad this ride is at Universal Studios because it's the best one they have, hands down.  The queue is very long, but entertaining because you watch a loop of Simpson animation (I'd guess it's between 30-40 minutes long) and once you get closer to the ride, the characters start interacting with each other.  The simulator takes you all over Krustyland, including several rides like "Captain Dinosaur's Pirate Rip Off."  How can you not enjoy that?  There's a whole story behind the ride, too.  Really, really fun - it may not be thrilling, but you will laugh your ass off.  Go here first thing in the morning if you want to avoid waiting hours. Twister: For all the buildup for how devastating a real storm is - and the scary footage they show as you wait in the queue - this is a pretty tame ride.  More of a show, really.  You might get slightly wet from simulated rain, but it's definitely not a major draw to the park. Those are all the rides we did, so I can't comment on ET or the Nickelodeon attractions.   -- The only show we saw was UNIVERSAL'S HORROR MAKE-UP SHOW, which was not quite what I expected.  I thought it'd be something like a tutorial for how to make your face look like Frankenstein or the Wolfman - not so much!  It's much more entertaining.  You see film clips that showcase the evolution of movie make-up and two actors pretend to cut off limbs and ham it up for the kids. Oh, I guess TERMINATOR 2 counts as a show, too.  This was cutting edge 3D when it was added to the park, but now that you can get 3D in almost any movie theater it's a lot less exciting.  See it if you're a Terminator fan; skip it otherwise. -- While we were there, a section of the park was set aside for Christmas-themed vendors.  There were artisans selling their wares and a couple of food carts.  I only mention this because one food stall had DEEP FRIED OREOS, and they were fantastic.   Otherwise, the food wasn't too exciting.  We ended up getting Starbucks for breakfast, and the rest of the park's food was so underwhelming we just left and went back out to City Walk to find some grub. -- Perhaps I would have enjoyed the park more if we hadn't gone to Islands of Adventure the day before.  But considering the entry price is the same, no matter which Universal park you go to, I felt like you got seriously less bang for your buck at Universal Studios.
I Love this place .it makes me so happy . Love the new rides and make sure to buy the express pss(if you can afforde it) it mad my ay much pleasant. Make sure to get the popcorn bucket with unlimited $.79 refill.
So Disney is too expensive and my lady wanted to go to a park so Universal was the choice. We got there bright and early but being Florida it was already hot as hell. Im not a huge park guy, but this place wasnt bad. Even though we didnt do much at City Walk having that option makes this a great choice. Seussland was cool, Simpsons ride was awesome and even Jimmy Neutron was good. I dont ride roller coasters so hell with those! The reason I took stars off were: 1. They're always trying to sell you more than you've already bought. Listen, ease up and maybe I'll spend some more loot. 2. The Terminator ride was closed...3 weeks before the release of a new Terminator movie. What? 3. The Blues Brothers show...I am a HUGE fan and this was a disgrace. The only saving grace was the fact that the Bluesmobile was a spot-on replica. Elwood looked like Scot Pollard and Jake had a southern accent was forgetting words to songs. They only did 3 songs and this clown couldnt get the words right? WTF?! It's big fun for movie fans and coaster fans, but still fun for everyone.
I'm just not seeing what the non-fans are seeing, I guess - I love this place!  It's got a ton of rides and shows, all divided into different sections/neighborhoods. The Good Rides: The Simpsons Ride - This replaces Back to the Future, a ride I loved.  This is in the same vein, with a surround-screen type of thing for immersion purposes along with lots of shaking, diving, etc. of the ride vehicle. Revenge of the Mummy - It's an indoor coaster of sorts -  a wild ride with plenty of ascents, descents, twists and turns, all in darkness. Rip Ride Rockit Coaster - I didn't go, but my father & sister did.  It was very quick and quite intense.  Neither are wusses, but both put it in the "Don't regret it, but wouldn't necessarily do it again" category. Jaws - This is a combo show/ride.  It's thriller-fun the first time, kitschy-fun on your second go.  Helps to love the movie, of course. Men in Black: Alien Attack - My boyfriend lost his hat on this ride, but didn't notice until afterwards (He was too busy hanging on, spinning, and shooting aliens.). The O.K. Rides: Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast - It's cute for kids, with some shaking and a cute storyline.  Not as immersive as the best rides. E.T. Adventure - see Jimmy Neutron.  Not crazy awesome, but cute.  Worth a short wait if you have time to kill. There're no bad rides - just rides you MUST see and ones it won't kill you to miss, but are fun if you have time. The Good Shows/Exhibits: Shrek 4D - It's not insanely fantastic 3-D, but it's quite cute and funny.  The seats rumble and spit water, bringing you further into the show.  Worth a 40 minute wait. Disaster! - This show/"experience" is awesome!  It's derived from the old Earthquake! ride, I think.  It's currently being "refurbished" (or was a couple months ago); I don't want to reveal the best part in the hopes they don't discard it; you'll probably know what I mean if you see it. Horror Movie Make-Up Show: Granted, it's more a comedy show that's peripherally about horror movie make-up than a serious examination of craft, but fun nonetheless.  Do it! The O.K. Shows/Exhibits: Lucy: A Tribute - If you love Lucy (ha!) this exhibit about her and her shows is worth ten minutes.  If not, stroll on by. Terminator 2: 3-D - This isn't that thrilling, but that's mostly because it's dated.  It's a combo live-action show and 3-D movie - the audience views it while standing. The live shows (Beetlejuice, the Blues Brothers) are cute, but don't miss out on other stuff just to see them.  Unless you're missing Twister!, which I feel is a lot of hype for nothing. One more thing: pay attention to the stores in the neighborhoods - you may see a locale referring to a favorite movie (Genco Olive Oil Co., anyone?) or win a midway game in Amity.
I like this Universal Studios much better than I like the original in Hollywood. with the exception of Hollywood's Back lot tour. I had so much fun here. Its bigger and better than i expected. Rip it Rock it roller coaster was so cool. The Mummy Ride was awesome. Men in Black made me feel like a special agent. The Simpson's put me in a cartoon! I really enjoyed my visit here, i would highly recommend you come here if in the Orlando area. buy a 1 day or 2 day park  to park ticket, very worth it!
5 Star Amusement Park. Amazing scenery, great rides, well maintained park, friendly staff, short to moderate wait lines - Universal Studios in Orlando has everything to make this a solid 5\5 theme park. With a bit of pre-planning we were able to hit all the rides we wanted to without waiting more than 30 minutes for any ride. We simply went to the main attractions as soon as the park opened (despicable me, transformers) and then went to the other rides later in the day - when most people were riding the main attractions. This way, we were able to ride to the less popular rides during the times that others were lining up for the main attractions. We zipped through the lines. 10 minutes for transformers, 15 for despicable me, 20 for Rip Ride Rocket. Since we got there early, we were hungry by 1130, and ate before the major lunch crowd lines began forming around 1215. Then, we were riding rides while everyone was eating. We rode The Mummy twice, with only 5 minute wait times, and we waited 10 minutes for ET. During the middle of the day, we went to Springfield (simpsons land) which is AMAZING.  If you are at all a fan of the show, they have done a great job replicating the quik-e-mart, moes tavern, and krusty burger. We went into moes and had a tasty 20oz duff beer (its an amber ale) for only 7 bucks, and then went and played some of the midway games out front and won an Itchy plush toy from Itchy and Scratchy. We had a really great time. Note: while your in simpsons land, be sure to check out the construction across the lagoon on Diagon Alley and the Hogwarts Express Station, it looks awesome, and you can already see it coming together! Being the middle of the day, we waited the longest for Men In Black (30 minutes), and then rode other rides like Twister, Disaster, and Shrek 4d, which all had 5-10 minute wait times. Really fun, and worked out perfect.   By evening we were getting tired from walking around, and so we opted for sit down shows. We went to the horror makeup show, and terminator 3d with 0 wait time, and then went to find a seat for the cinematic spectacular. We got our seat at 9:00PM for the 9:45 show, and i'm glad we got there early. Seating along the lagoon starts to fill up at 9:15, with most seating gone by 9:30-9:35. We had a great seat next to Richter Burger on the dock in San Francisco territroy. We faced the Universal water screen that was nearest the transformers 3D ride. We had an excellent view of the screen, the lighted water features, and the fireworks that went off right behind us at Ghiradelli. The show was one of my favorite parts of the whole day. It was AMAZING. seriously. It had that epic feeling that goes along with a really great movie, and had the soundtrack and special effects to back it up. Definitely worth seeing at least once. Overall, this is a great theme park. It's different because it has a wide range of attractions for all ages and types. It has roller coasters, thrill rides, shows, interactive experiences, 3d motion simulators, and everything in between to suit any type of person. In addition, the prices here were much more affordable than I had budgeted for. A Chicken Strip meal was only $8, Soft Pretzals were 2 for $5, Burgers with Fries were $8, Beer was $6-7.50, A large french fry was $2.50. Having been to other theme parks, I expected to pay a lot more, and I was pleased to see that while items were at premium prices, they weren't outrageous. 5 Stars because Universal Studios delivered an excellent experience on all levels. Good rides, amazing themes and scenery, tasty food, friendly service, and an overall excellent time.
Yea. I had a great time here. The lines are very long. Rides are very good. A bit pricey, but it was fun. Not sure if I would return anytime soon.
Great place for kids to adults.  Islands of adventure has Harry Potter - if you even remotely liked the movies or the books you will love the attraction.  Its is over the top one of the best themed adventure land theme park/rides there is.  The dueling dragons is a blast - take the blue dragon then the red dragon (you will understand when you do in that order ;')  ).   Universal itself is great for the classic rides / relaxed layout - feels like you are on a backlot or walking down hollywood blvd.  Simpsons ride is fun and exciting.  There are several more little kids based rides here; ET, Fievel Playland, and more.
This was our first time going since 1988.   Let me get one thing out of the way first. There are two parks: Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure I can't really tell what differentiates one park from the other.  But, to get the full experience you really need to buy the ticket to both.  This puts the price well above that of Disney.  (At least at Disney, each park has a well-defined theme and they are very much different parks.)  I suspect they split this into two parks so they can still advertise themselves as cheaper than Disney.  In reality, they are quite a bit more expensive. There are some fun attractions here.  The Minion ride (Despicable Me) was very good.  The one Harry Potter Ride was very good.  Spider man was "OK", but the fact that you were in a cartoon (as opposed to live action) took a little away from it for me. I also enjoyed the Terminator 2 show.  Avoid twister.  It looks like very little effort was put into putting it together. For lunch: We ate at the Classic Monster's Cafe.  The food was actually better than I expected, and I love these old B-movie themed places.  (Disney's Hollywood studio has a similar venue) At the end of the day my kids were disappointed with the park.  It'll probably be a few years before we return here. That said: If you can stay on-site, do it!  If you are visiting the parks, then you get a free "line jumper" pass.  But there is also a ton to do on-site, but outside the park.  Lots of restaurants (Hard Rock, NASCAR Cafe, Margaritaville), lots of shows (Hard Rock Live, Blue Man Group) and shopping.  We ate dinner at the HUGE Hard Rock Cafe, and were quite happy with our choice.
I stayed at the Loews Royal Pacific Resort during the slow season (3 week of September) 1) Customer service - 31/2 stars.  They eventually take care of the problems but nothing for our inconvenience (see below) 2) Room 3 stars Pro - bed and pillow are comfortable Cons- First day.  TV was broken (had to wait for 30-1 hour) for them to fix it.  The room safe was broken (had to wait 30-1 hour) for someone to come fix it.  No comp for all the inconvenience. 4 stars resort - bathroom amenities are the bare basic (soap, body wash, shampoo, and conditioner.  No cotton ball or q-tips.  Something all the real four star hotels had provided that we stayed.  A free gym.
the best place in the world to enjoy with your children and your love one. best time of my life.
Without the Harry Potter expansion, this place would be in trouble in  my opinion. Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed it but there where quite a few things lacking. They are missing the boat in the Jurassic  Park area completely! There should be a ride with the jeeps and encountering the dinosaurs. Most of the area was games and food stands. Im not one to want to get soaking wet or for rides with steep drops and those seemed to be the only ride options for this area. An 85 foot drop into water (think splash mountain) isn't what I wanted to do. They did have a gliding ride but that was only for children. You HAD to have a child accompany you onto this ride. Im guessing due to weight restrictions. They did have an area inside where you could see baby dinos being born, and we had a good laugh when we made dinos of our own mixed with our DNA but the rest seemed to be focused mostly towards children. If they updated this like the harry potter area, it could be great!! Throw in some life sized dinos, a jeep ride, more up to date technology in the interactive part and perhaps a T-Rex replica in the middle of it all and it would have been much more awe-inspiring. but our entire party left this area wanting more. I am hoping with the new movie coming out next year that they will put some money into this section of the park. I do have to commend them on the foliage in this area, beautifully well done! The mummy ride was by far the best ride we went on. I somehow got talked into doing it (im terrified of rides) and even though I screamed all the way through, I would go on it again. You could feel the fire and the effects where great even for an older ride! The only wait we had was just running through the line. The waiting area could have been a bit lighter though, I tripped a few times on some stairs because I couldn't see. Its a roller coaster type ride with turns and some smallish drops but it doesn't go upside down. I think at one point you do go backwards. There where props I think used in the original movie throughout the line. I definitely recommend this ride to anyone willing to try it. I would even wait in line for it again! The men in black ride was terrible. Super out-dated and the instructions on where to shoot the aliens that where not in the target practice where non-existent. The cart would randomly spin near the end of the ride which while it was a bit fun seemed out of place. All in all it was poorly executed, old looking, and overall just "eh" We saw one of the parades with spongebob in it which was fun. We happened upon Patrick Star later on in the day and when I approached him to get a picture he started running away due to his break time. I understood and found it funny that he actually RAN from me but come on! No one else was around and I just wanted a picture. Im still laughing about the guy running in a Patrick suit though. We also saw the live animal show featuring some of the animals in movies (although I HIGHLY doubt they are the actual animal stars). But if you need a rest from the heat and sun, this was a cute and enjoyable show. I took a whole entire star off for the fact that I couldn't find a band aid for the life of me. My shoes decided to cut into my heel and I was bleeding all over them. I was told there where people in red and a white cross on their shirt walking around the park with band aids but I never once saw someone. We had to ask 4 people in different stores for them as they all kept telling us to go other places. One lady told us to go to the store with Storm on it but she meant Rouge. Come on lady you work here and you don't even know your super heroes? But each place had to scramble and look for band aids and turned up not having any. We finally made it to guest services and waited for an eternity until we finally figured out that we could just go to the side and ask for them. I WISH SOMEONE WOULD HAVE TOLD ME THIS. It was a HUGE waste of our time. Took over an hour to get 2 band aids. Overall we had a great time but mostly due to Harry Potter World and the Mummy Ride.
Ride reviews: Disaster - pretty cool.  They used audience members to make a film. Jaws - pretty damn lame. Men in Black - this was cool.  Shooting aliens and spinning around was outstanding. Homer Simpson - this was a blast. Terminator 3D - I fell asleep so I can't tell you much about this one. Shrek - pretty lame. Harry Potter - outstanding.  Don't miss this one. Dr. Seuss - sucked. Jurassic Park - walked right on through. Too tired to ride anything else and went home.
Two park tickets! A must, even though they are more expensive obviously.  I have a three year old and because of her size she is limited on what she can ride.  I am limited on the amount of time I am willing to wait.  That said, express passes during peak seasons are highly recommended.  You will have to pay though, but the savings in aggravation for two hour waits will be worth it is you are not local.  There are many rides that maintain a less than 20 minute wait, but most of the popular ones will always keep a long line.  The parks are big enough to keep you busy if you can ride or see everything in one day in each park.  My wife doesn't want to ride any roller coasters and my daughter is too young to get on some so I usually use the single rider lines if they are available.  The best time to go is in late November and early December, or August/September right before Halloween Horror Nights.  The parks aren't overcrowded and you can do everything even though the hours are shorter.  Transformers in Universal Studios is interesting but the lines are long.  The Forbidden Journey is a good ride in Islands of Adventure but also very popular.   Overall, it was a great time for our family.
Halloween Horror Nights. We had a really good time. We went on a friday night and it was REALLY busy! The lines were really long but Universal managed to move everyone through really quickly. All the haunted houses had signs clearly telling people how long the wait was, there were drink stations at every line and CLEAN porta-potties at each line. We had a really good time and would go again.
I hate to write a down review, but the other universal park (islands of adventure)is just so much better than this, the original.  The big roller coaster is a fun ride, but it is not as compelling as the hulk ride at islands of adventure.  The men in black ride is ok, but it is nothing in the league of the buzz light year ride at Disney that it copies.  My nine yr old son and i did the Disney version 10or more times in a row, we did men in black twice and that really was enough. We all liked the Simpsons if only because it was funny.  But there is no reason to want to ride it twice.   Shrek is ok. Many of the rides are just dated.  Terminator.  The tornado or twister ride.  The distaster ride.  My ten year old called the jaws ride lame and she is positive about most everything. We really liked islands of adventure and the new Harry potter ride..... Spend your time there.
This is the best theme park ever. The rides are based in movies. The rides are great and my kids love it. The food is really good. The shows are great. I love this theme park.
I think Universal Studios was much better than Disney World.My Fav was the ET ride. Its more for older ppl than Disney World but little kids will defenitley enjoy it too! Universal Studios is like walking onto the sets of Disney Channel, and i love Disney Channel. Great Experience! The only bad thing was the lines but thats at every amusement park. -Cynthia The park seems much more authentic than Disney World, feeling more like a set piece. The people they have working there are all in character 100% of the time, which is kinda cool (and disturbing!). The firework show to end the night is spectacular as well, I'm surprised they put on such a show on a nightly basis. -Ely
Universal Orlando Resort is an incredible and fun place to visit. It's an all day adventure and make sure you get tickets to visit both parks: * Universal Studios Florida Theme Park * Universal's Islands of Adventure Theme Park The newest and most amazing area and theme park ride can be found at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter. This village alone with all the attractions is worth visiting the Islands of Adventure. Classic rides like King Kong and Jaws brought back so many memories. The studio sets are so realistic and fun. Take a chance and dive into the world of imagination, Hollywood sets and fantasy - you'll definitely have too much fun.
Just a word of advice. If you set this vacation up through the Universal website to stay on site and take advantage of the perks, be sure NOT to use Dollar Rent A Car when you have the option. See my review for the reasons why.
We came here as part of our honeymoon vacation....We were surprised that we were able to ride all the rides in 3 1/2 hours!! We have a 4 day park hopper and feel we should have only gotten a 2 day.....The lines were very short 10 mins and  under!!! It was a refreshing change from all the Disney lines =). Although I was so used to rides at Universal Studios in LA--these rides are somewhat the same but changed up a bit. It was fun to ride the ET after many years of it being removed from the CA park!!
I LOVE Universal Studios Orlando :) My Husband and I have annual passes and visit as often as possible. We are lucky enough to live only about 2 hours from the park so we take day trips whenever we can :) I Love all the rides, My favorite by far is the Men in Black Alien Attack... but I am a 30 year old kid at heart. I also love the Mummy indoor coaster. At Islands of Adventure my favorite would have to be the Hulk Coaster. I love the Wizarding World of Harry Potter... It is amazing how many details they took from the books and movies, I have been there multiple times since it opened and it seems that every time I find something new. The ride is awesome too :) The Butterbeer is something you definitely have to try. I love it but quite a few of my friends do not. If you have a chance to visit Halloween Horror Nights at Universal, DO IT :) (It is an extra ticket event held at night every weekend in October) I love Halloween and LOVE being scared and this is the one thing I look forward to every year. I have gone to it the past 11 years :) Every year is a different theme and the Haunted Houses are filled with details (if you get a chance to look around without someone jumping out at you!) It is a MUST SEE if you have never been :) All in all, If you love rides and movies, You will LOVE this park, Some things are for the kids (i.e. Dr. Seuss Land) but if you are a fun adult or a kid at heart like me then you cant possibly not have fun :)
Nice place that Comcast controls. The only problems are rides break down, long lines, some food under and over cooked, hot muggy weather, sudden rains, and high prices for everything.
Universal Orlando Resort is nice overall, but it's flagship park, Universal Studios, has become extremely boring.  It's original theme was to allow fans to ride and experience classic movies...since when is Jimmy Neutron considered a classic?  How about Twister? The Mummy? Men in Black?  They have gotten rid of the quaintness of the park, which was worth the admission, and made it into a marketing campaign.  They removed such classic rides as the Funtastic World of Hanna Barbera, Alfred Hitchcock- the Art of Making Movies, KONGfrontation, Ghostbusters Spooktacular, Earthquake, the Wild Wild West Stunt Show, the American Tail Show, and WORST of all: The Back to the Future ride to replace it with modern day abominations like Beetlejuice's Graveyard Revue, Jimmy Neutron's Nicktoon Blast, and Shrek 4-D. What about Nick studios???  Someone really screwed up when they thought it would be a good idea to remove the one mascot, the one symbol, the one landmark of the entire park that means something and replace it with...the Blue Man Group?! Nick studios was a very good attraction that everyone loved.  It also carried meaning and all of our favorite nick shows of the 90s were filmed there.  The green slime geyser was replaced with nothing.  The ability to be in a live studio audience was replaced with nothing.  The ability to eat slime was replaced with nothing.    I was okay with some of the changes to the park initially because it is good to update, but it's gotten to the point where they've completed stripped the park down of it's original purpose and replaced it with a meaningless purpose that has people walking around dazed and confused, not knowing why they're even there anymore.  The same old problems with the park still exist: incompetent employees, constant ride breakdowns, and long lines.  Now, there are a plethora of new problems and they are mainly concerned with them taking down the best rides they have in the park.   Back to the Future was a classic movie and going on that ride was such a great experience so you could relive the movie.  Now, there's gonna be a ride to tribute a 2007 Simpsons movie....unbelievable.  I'm a big fan and lover of the Simpsons, but there is no way the Simpsons movie deserves a ride at Universal Studios, where you can ride the classics, more than Back to the Future.  What are they going to get rid of next?  ET? Jaws?   After that, the park will be unrecognizable except for the fact that all the old rides still have the exact same mechanism and layout in the new rides but with different shows.  Hanna Barbera became Jimmy Neutron, but it's the EXACT same ride just with a different script and movie.  The only difference is, everyone loves Hanna Barbera cartoons and most people want to injure and maim Jimmy Neutron.  It went from a park full of heart to becoming a heartless park full of marketing.   Islands of Adventure remains special with classics like Jurassic Park and incredible, irreplaceable concepts such as Marvel Super Hero Island.  Universal Orlando Resort may have nice hotels and City Walk can be fun, but they need to treat Universal Studios like their flagship park that needs to stand for something that can withstand the test of time.   Look at Magic Kingdom.  They're success is because of their sentimentality and respect for the classics.  Splash Mountain has been around for over 4 decades and still gets the same bulk queue.
Smaller than I imagined.  We were here early for a teambuilding scavenger hunt, so we didn't ride many rides at first (only MIB - meh).  It was really quiet.  Really quiet.   But we did the hunt and then we got in ONE lousy ride before we had to leave.  A cute spot, I think I only saw half of it actually - it was very clean.  A lot of shops were closed on Sunday.  Why?  Why would you close on a weekend day?  Why not a Monday?  I guess their market is weekday bargain hunting tourists, not locals looking for weekend fun.  But boo I say!  I wanted to go in that special effects store! The one ride I did wait in line for post hunt was well worth it.  I'm rating The Revenge of the Mummy FIVE stars for being the best rollercoaster I've been on in ages (bumping the overall rating from a three to a four).  Because it surprised me, that's why.  There's fire.  There's water.  You go forward.  You go backward.  You go slow.  And then you're screaming through darkness with no idea which way you're going next.  Take THAT Space Mountain! Maybe the three stars is unfair since I didn't experience too many rides, but I was pretty underwhelmed.
I live in Central Florida and am quite familiar with all of the theme parks Florida has to offer, and I must say that the Universal Orlando Resort far trumps all the others.  It constantly keeps itself fresh and new by reviving and replacing itself, both in design and in its attractions, squeezing as much as physically possible into the space it has and yet never seeming cramped.  The on-site resorts are exceptional, and the resort's layout make staying on-site an unbeatable experience that is full of exciting things to do at almost every hour if the day.
Lights, camera... and ACTION! The walk into the park area reminded me of being at an airport with all those moving conveyor belts.  One advantage of the covered parking garage is that if you leave while the sun is still out, the inside of your car is not baking. Men In Black has a hook on the car to put your personal belongings as ride spins wildly around which your personal belongings will be flying.  The Men In Black gun is movable where visitors choose to position it, as opposed to Buzz Lightyear.   Back to the Future is really a rough simulator ride, which I highly recommend Dramamine before boarding.  Warning:  Back to the Future will create motion sickness!  This was an outstanding attraction.  I liked seeing the real stars of the movie in the films here.  Biff is a riot.  Dramamine certainly helped me stomach enabling me to enjoyed the ride. A replica of a New York subway station to get to the loading area of Kongfrontation.  Being from New York, I noted all the little flaws in the details i.e.:  the elimination of the "5" train on the subway sign as the "4" and "6" train signage stood alone.  I thought there should put garbage debris and pools of stagnant water lying around.  To make it more realistic I thought Universal Studios would put a panhandler mannequin lying on the floor with a filthy blanket as a prop and all his Earthly possessions, and a sign "please help me I'm homeless."  I even came up with pithy stuff of how the exit signs are red and the subway map was way out of date, which displays the ignorance of Universal Studios' lack of knowledge of New York City.  The replica skyline of New York was nice although there should be more renowned landmarks as United Nations, Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building.  I enjoyed the ride, but thought maybe the tour guide should be abrasive, blunt and/or abrupt, which adds to the realism of a New York flavor.  It was a fun experience regardless taking me briefly back home again. Earthquake and Twister were good special effects.  In the final room of having Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton adds to the enthusiasm.  Hanna Barbera showcase props from Flintstones and Viva Rock Vegas which were very detailed. N.B.  My 2000 and 2004 visits to Universal Studios pre-dates the new rides of Spiderman, Shrek, E.T. Adventure, which this review is based on.
I now know why I am a Disney person!  We go to Disney every year and this year decided to try Universal Studios.  I bought a package for 3 nights at Lowes Royal Pacific and 3 days of park hopper tickets.  Where do I start?  We got to the park first and since I didn't have the credit card I made the reservation with we had to stand in the 45 min long line just to get in.  Frustrated already.  Because I didn't visit my hotel first I didn't have our express passes.  Lines were long so I went to guest services and the lady was nice enough to comp me some for the day.  If you are not staying on the property you have to pay extra for this A LOT EXTRA!  This is the one of two reasons we stayed on property.  For the express pass and proximity to the park.  We spent the rest of the afternoon at the park which I wouldn't do without the express pass.  With the pass you can practically walk on a ride while the regular line is almost an hour.  They should however have an express pass for the quick serve meal counters because most of them only have one attendant working and we waited 20 minutes in line just to get a soda and a bag of Doritos.  Having said that I hate that you are forced into paying so much for it or staying on their property.  I think Disney's fast pass is much more fair.  At Disney you can only hold one at a time, it's more like a reservation and they can run out.  I realize it's not the same, but it's free!  I think it's outrageous to ask people to pay that much extra after they already paid for their park ticket.  Check in at the hotel was easy enough and went smoothly.  We are at Jakes bar and grill which was average.  After a very long day we went to the room which again was average and honestly not the cleanest.  Lots of dust.  Not just dust, but huge dust bunnies and mildew in the shower tile.  We woke up very early to be at the park at 8 since the express pass doesn't work at Harry Potter and the lines can get excessively long.  So when we get to the park early we have to show our room key to prove that we are staying on property.  Then I need my regular ticket to get in the park.  Now I need a separate ticket for our express pass.  I have to keep track of 12 tickets everyday for my family of 4! Can't you please just combine them all like Disney?  Your room key is also your park ticket which also gets your your fast pass.  Makes perfect sense to me.  When we got back to our hotel that evening the beds hadn't been made.  Upon some investigation I found the door hanger on the back of the door behind the do not disturb sign that said please service this room.  I have to ask for my bed to be made and new towels for a room I'm paying over $300 a night for!  Are you kidding me??  Well okay, my bad for not seeing the stupid sign which I find ridiculous.  So the next day I put my sign out.  After yet another long day at the parks I come back to more unmade beds, but I do have new towels.  I guess while they were bringing me new towels and NOT making my beds they got hungry and helped them self to some of my $12 jelly beans because they were almost gone and touched my toothbrushes which I left in a glass on the counter.  No reason to touch my toothbrushes and you didn't even make my bed?  Why why why did you touch my toothbrush?  So on our way to dinner we stop by the front desk to complain.  He will investigate and call back.  We head to a dinner show.  He calls back and offers to comp half of our average meal from the night before and give us free breakfast the next morning.  Well the breakfast doesn't help me because we are leaving so early.  When we get back I have the housekeeping manager come to the room so I can point out all the dust, the unmade beds and the unswept floor.  He offers to send someone up to make the beds.  I decline because it's now 10pm and I have kids that need to go to bed.  I'm not going to wait for someone else to come now.  You had all day!  He leaves to go investigate and calls me back and says we offed you half off your dinner from yesterday and breakfast tomorrow.  I explain that I am leaving too early for breakfast.  So the end result is they credited me less than 1/3 of one nights stay.  I have now both called the hotel manager and sent an email and I am waiting to hear back.   Next year I'm going back to Disney!
Nice place, clean and safe I would go back.
Awesome! Amazing. They really theme and finish everything and the staff are very excited to welcome you. Every ride or area is it's own unique thing and you can feel like park of the action. Sometimes it is crowded, or rains, but that isn't really a part of what you are buying. Plan to try and eat at one of their in-park sit downs. Mythos, Finnegan's and Lomard's are all good.
I know, it's not as "cool" as Islands of Adventure, but I had a lot of fun here, despite the fact that I was dying under the burning sun when I was there about a month ago.   For some reason, I LOVED the Men in Black ride!  I got super competitive shooting those monsters.  ET is fun too, but I don't remember him saying my name at the end.  Krustyland looks GREAT, but I don't think the look of it matched with the lackluster Simpsons Ride (which is one of those "virtual" rides with the big screen).   If you're going to go in October, go for the Halloween event.  I went for Halloween Horror Nights, which was so much fun!  They heavily promote drinking alcohol on the grounds, and there are girls scattered everywhere selling jello shots in blood bags.  The walk-through haunted houses (made up from spaces in the back lots) were actually really scary.  This year, they did a scary movie theme, so there was Dracula, Frankenstein, Chucky, Saw, and a few others.  The lines were really long at first, but there were digital displays around the park with the estimated wait times.  Saw and Chucky were really popular and at one point, went up to a 90 minute wait time.   Park passes are expensive so of course if I had to choose one between the two Universal parks, I'd choose Islands of Adventure.  But the Halloween event is worth a visit here!
I was kind of disappointed. Maybe I'm just getting old. Overall, I wasn't impressed. I should've gone to Disneyworld. The main thing that I didn't like was that this place is almost exactly as it was when I came 10 years ago. The best part was The Mummy. That ride was super cool and I obviously wasn't the only one who thought so because the line was super long. I also really liked the fact that they let you use lockers for free to store your stuff. The ride I hated was Disaster. Complete waste of time. It sucks that they recycle the same sets. Disaster is using the exact same set as Earthquake. I mean at least try and change it up! Don't just slap a new name on it and call it different.
DON'T GET THE MEAL DEAL!!!  The food was disgusting! Universal was pretty boring compared to disney.  Island of adventure is a little  better, but still underwhelming. I think for some reason, it just didn't feel festive.  There was a weird dissatisfaction I had with the place.  People didn't seem that happy to be working there, and kids didn't seem to be having as much fun.  Maybe I'm projecting... I felt they were out to get more of my money at every turn.  Seriously, $70+ for a express pass?!  I know theme parks are out to make money, but it really distracts customers from the experience when they feel that they have to spend so much money to have an ok time.  I felt disney did a much better job at giving customers a feeling of equality and luxury. Overall, I am disappointed in the way universal runs their theme park
coming to orlando during november is the perfect time - the weather is beautiful (warm but without the humidify) and there are very little crowds (our longest wait was probably the simpsons ride - absolutely amazing and my favorite ride!! - 30 minutes). we bought the park-hopper (universal studios with islands of adventure) and were worried with the limited hours (9am-6pm) that we wouldn't be able to finish them both but we got through them at a leisurely pace even with a lazy 2 hour lunch at margaritaville! along with the simpsons ride, the adventures of spiderman is a MUST RIDE! if you're an out-of-towner i'd recommend checking out the disney spots first, then hit this place up if you have extra time
For canned fun it is awesome! It is the coolest, or more appropriately the hottest!
Well when I went here I was looking for the Hard Rock Cafe so I did not go on the rides, but the theme park is nothing short of amazing. Great shopping and a Hard Rock Cafe to boot!
Nice change up from Disney World! JAWS was awesome! So was King Kong!
I had my Universal Studios experience the same day as Walt Disney World, so as a kid when that happens your immediately brainwashed that this place is awesome no matter what. Obviously the rides are the best part and the water park is awesome. But yes i remember going on the super man ride and this crazy batman and back to the future ride and obviously it was amazing. In fact i'm almost a 100 percent sure i chipped my f*ckin front tooth on a roller coaster their. Didn't get that fixed until five years ago but it was a good reminder of how much fun I had lol. Expensive but fun , and if you have kids or younger cousins or some young person in your life, they will never forge the experience of going here.
Only a few long-wait rides including Rock-It (which I believe is the only roller coaster at this park). Other than that I don't think we waited more than 20 minutes for any of the other attractions (in July).
The original park is pretty boring.  We went on a couple of rides and wondered why we bothered.  Islands of Adventure is much better, especially Harry Potter.  That ride is a do not miss believe me.  However, the thing that made us crazy is not only the admission price, but unlike Disney who has free fast passes, at Universal you have to pay for the privilege  of going to the front of the line and it's not cheap and in spite of the fact that most guests buy multi day and multi park tickets, the express pass is only good for one day.  their food is more expensive that Disney although we thought it tasted better.  Still and all, it was fun but then we don't live here so it's a once every 5 year experience.
Loved the "Disaster!" and "Twister" rides.  The Jaws ride was a but corny but decided to give it a try since we were told it was to be closed soon for good.  The "ET" ride was amusing but more fun for the kids.
Very cool theme park but many of the past rides or studios were taken out and replace by some dumb rides. Island is still one of my favorite the rides are great but lines can be long.
I had a great time just walking around the faux places- NYC, San Fran, Amityville, etc.  Only went on the Mummy- but it was by far my favorite ride in the universal area- a total blast!  The Burger in San Fran had pretty good burgers too for an easy lunch.
Somewhat of a disappointment.  Not too many attractions that I could say I wanted to do again.  My top three attractions: 1. Simpsons 2. Men in Black 3. Mummy (too short though) The key is to stay at one of the hotels onsite (i.e. Hard Rock, Royal Pacific, or Portofino) -- your room key allows you unlimited Universal Express passes which allows you to bypass the normal lines.  Wait times were from 0-15 minutes.  We were able to go through every attraction in a day with time to spare.
My, oh my, how things change in just a few short years. I hadn't been to Universal Studios since the late 90's... back when Islands of Adventure and CityWalk was just a parking lot, and Nickelodeon Studios was a beacon for all young kids walking up to the front entrance to Universal Studios. Since then, the entire Universal Resort has changed, and it's much, much better. LOVE the new parking garages and walkways leading to CityWalk. Universal Studios has updated many rides, added lots of new attractions, but still falls short of the magic and fun of Islands of Adventure or Disney's Magic Kingdom. One huge upside for me- the last time I was at the park, there were about 6 rides, all of which had a minimum one hour wait. There are now about twice the rides, and the longest I waited in line was 30 minutes for the Disaster! ride. AWESOME. Was bummed they replaced Back To The Future, but The Simpsons ride was a lot of fun, and it was cool to check out the Kwik-E-Mart next door. They still have the DeLorean and Time Train from BTTF on display, and time it right and you can meet Doc Brown! Twister is fun, but not overly amazing. The Mummy ride is AWESOME. The Rock 'N Roll Roller Coaster is the fastest, most fun ride in the park, hands down. T3 Show- excellent. ET and Jaws? The only two rides remaining from the original- still fun. Earthquake has been revamped and renamed to Disaster! Fun exhibit, although a lot of the scariness has been taken out of the ride itself. Jimmy Neutron and Shrek 4d are also a lot of fun for both kids and adults. Overall, I was very happy to visit Universal, since it had been so long since I had last been. The wait lines were hardly anything like they used to be, so I actually got to hit virtually every ride in a half a day. Lots of shops, restaurants, and shows available for kids and adults. Look for tons of characters walking around to sign autographs and take pictures. I met The Simpsons, Doc Brown, Scooby Doo, and Spongebob Squarepants without even looking! If you're a Florida resident- try buying your tickets online and get a huge discount, or go for the annual pass for only 150 bucks. Will pay for itself the second visit! I had a lot of fun, but for me this park simply didn't measure up to Islands of Adventure or Disney's Magic Kingdom. I recommend buying the park hopper pass, so you can do both parks, or at the very least stay for a weekend, and spend a day at each park and hang at CityWalk, so you can take in everything Universal Resort has to offer. I'm definitely not a hardcore Universal guy, but I enjoyed myself and since I have the annual pass will definitely be back, although I will spend more time at Islands than Universal.
When comparing it to California's Universal Studios... this one is so much smaller. It's pretty disappointing. However, the Mummy ride neverrr had a wait. The waiting walkway area I swear is a maze in itself... you're walking about 15 minutes and then stop for maybe about 10 minutes before you get seated in the ride.. so I guess there's a minor wait. But you'd think longer since it's the only "real ride" at the park. Florida's Mummy ride is so much better than California's. They have a few rides here that California doesn't, and vice versa. Everything is really relaxed and chill here as all the "younger kids and teens" are all at Islands of Adventures. A nice family park to visit.
Couple new rides since my last visit, rockit roller coaster line closes at 5pm and no single rider line.....  Simpsons ride is good, liked the tie in from the old back to future ride (but i will miss that ride)  Meal deal is hit or miss if you aren't a hamburger and hungry person.
I LOVE Universal Studios. This one is better than the one in Los Angeles, CA. I've had an annual pass for years. If you're in a group and aren't looking forward to standing in lines, take single riders. After all, you don't talk while on the ride anyway. You chat about the ride as soon as you get off, so save time and go single riders. If you're doing Men In Black, make sure to press the RED BUTTON when Will Smith tells you to, you'll get bonus points which pretty much guarantee you'll beat out everyone else in your car. When doing Rip Ride Rockit, Google the secret song list. There are a lot of fun songs to listen to on that list. The downside is you can't purchase a video of it. You can still watch the video of yourself after the ride, but you won't be able to purchase the video with that song playing. If you don't plan on buying the video, then secret song list it! To get to the secret song list keypad on the ride, as SOON as you sit down (this is important, you only have so much time. Stay patient, if you freak out, you could miss it and be put with a random song). Okay, so back to what I was saying...as soon as you sit down, press and HOLD the Rip Ride RockIt logo on the TOP of your screen. Hold it for 10 seconds, count and be patient. Then let go and a keypad will pop up. Type in the number that you saw on the secret song list you Googled, then press #. Your song will start playing. Very fun and exciting to get a song that works just for you. Makes the ride fun and refreshing EVERY time. If you care about where the camera is, it's when you go inside of the building as you approach The Mummy ride. Smile and rock out!
I love this theme park!  There is so much to do for all ages.  My new favorite ride is Transformers- the whole attraction is really cool and the ride was a lot of fun.  It is a motion simulator ride so I can see how some people get motion sickness riding it.  Rip Ride Rockit is absolutely insane!  You only have the waist restraint (not the typical over the shoulder restraint) which adds to the excitement.  You are able to pick form about 25 song selections, all different genres, to listen to during the ride.  The start of this roller coaster is what really makes it- a vertical straight up climb right into a straight down drop into a loop- wow.  The track itself goes about the length of the theme park and you really feel like you're on it for a long time.  I also love the Return of the Mummy Ride- what a great, fun and exciting indoor coaster.  Despicable Me is also a fun motion simulator ride that is good for all ages.  Overall, a really great park.
Overpriced. Poor organization. Unreliable attention to detail. Nothing like Disney except the price.
Universal Studios is in my mind more for the elderly crowd, or the really young ones, because neither of them can go to Islands of Adventure to ride the rollercoasters. Which doesn't necessarily mean it's bad, it's just not exactly a prime spot for my friends and I. It's enjoyable enough, though. Let's do another run-down of the shows/rides that I've seen/been on: 1) Shrek 4-D: The reason why they called it 4-D is because your chair moves too and you have to wear a freakin' seatbelt. Hah! It's actually pretty darn funny, but the chair is pretty painful especially when you are being jolted around. The wait can be horrendously long if you're going at an unlucky time, but I would say for the sake of it, this would be a must-see. 2) Twister...Ride It Out: This is pretty much your typical special effects show. You get wowed by the twister that they actually create on stage, but that's about it. Not a must-see, but for fans of the Twister movie, it can be kinda cool. 3) Revenge of the Mummy: Just about the best thing at Universal Studios. Unfortunately, the people that work there are serious a-holes. Twice I've gone there, twice I've run into rudeness...not necessarily at me, but the people I was with. First, when I went with my parents, the wait was 75 minutes and my mom had a little bowl of Dippin' Dots with her. They wouldn't let her in. I said, "are you serious? The wait's 75 minutes...she'll be done way before then." They insisted. But when they looked away, I snatched the ice cream from my mom and ran inside, telling her to quickly follow me. Success! Second, I was with my friend and we were waiting in line when her sister called (she's driving in from out of town). Then this guy came out of nowhere to tell her to turn off her cellphone since you're not allowed to use them "in the temple." So she's trying to say her goodbyes to her sister and this guy just kept going, loudly, "ma'am! Ma'am! Ma'am! You HAVE to turn it OFF!" Yep. Seriously. So when you do go on this ride, just try not to interact with the people that work there. And you MUST go on this ride. 4) Beetlejuice's Graveyard Revue: Like musicals? Like a bunch of scary-looking dudes singing? Then this is the show for you! It's somewhat entertaining, but for me, it's just a nice place to sit down and relax for a bit. Not a must-see. 5) Disaster!: The beginning is a little slow, but the end is completely worth it. They take quite a few participants from the audience, so if you're up for that, make sure you make a lot of noise or wave frantically. They make you do really interesting stuff. A must-see! 6) Fear Factor LIVE: If you like the show Fear Factor, then you'll most likely love this show. Depending on the contestants, you can have a really tight and fun competition to watch. I was lucky to get really good competitors on the show that I was watching. Another must-see! (PS: The casting is done 75 mins prior to each show) 7) JAWS: MUST-SEE! What else can I say? Just hope you don't get an annoying narrator. This is a classic ride. You can't go to Universal Studios and not ride on Jaws. 8) Men In Black Alien Attack: This is a fun ride. You sit in this little car thing and they spin you around like crazy while you're trying to shoot aliens down with the little laser guns. It's quite fun. And they say it's never the same ride twice! A must-ride! 9) Animal Actors on Location!: Hmm...good for the kids, I suppose? It's entertaining enough for the adults too, but most likely this is just good for another rest from all the walking. Not a must-see. 10) E.T. Adventure: Ride this just because E.T. is a classic if for no other reason. It's a decent ride. And I would say something about the Back to the Future ride, except that now it's been replaced by The Simpsons. Not sure when that's opening, but I'm quite excited!
Scared of rollercoasters? Are interactive and simulated rides more your style? Then Universal Studios is the perfect theme park for you. Interactive rides/simulated shows from your favorite films and TV shows such as Twister, Shrek 4D, Jimmy Neutron, Revenge of the Mummy, Terminator 2 3D, The Simpsons, Menn In Black, Jaws, ET, and more. There is only one rollercoaster at Universal Studios,  Revenge of the Mummy: The Ride (with the exception of the kid's coaster, Woody Woodpecker's Nuthouse Coaster) which is 20% simulated, and 80% coaster. Some of my favorites here, were the Terminator 2: 3-D (50% 3-D show, 50% actual actors) and the all-time classic, ET. One of the most technologically intriguing is The Disaster Show, where several guests are selected from the crowd to star in a film. What made it so interesting was the use of holographic images, where Christopher Walken appeared so surreal, as if he were really there. You have to see it with your own eyes. The new Simpsons Ride has been voted as the "World's Best New Theme Park Attraction". I beg to differ. The building was very cool, making you feel as if you are going into some massive Krustyland playhouse. The actual simulated ride was a bit disappointing and nauseating with the 360 degree domed screen. The Men In Black interactive shoot-em-up laser gun ride was fun, but it was a bit hard knowing how many times or where you have to shoot for the points to register. Food at Universal Studios is slightly more expensive than the Disney theme parks, but has a wide selection of choices (but don't expect ethnic diversity like the food at Disney's Epcot Center) laid out across the different areas of the theme park. Also make sure to bring a poncho if there is a chance of rain forecasted. Random thunder showers can fall leaving you drenched. You can wait it out, but not knowing how long each rainfall is, can get agitating and waste a lot of time. Universal Studio's sells a rain poncho at all their stores, but expect to pay $7 for a piece of plastic vinyl. Parking is convenient. If you park just outside Citywalk, there are several escalators and moving belts to shorten the distance to Citywalk, which is connected to both Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure.
My vote for best theme park for adults, with islands of adventure a close second. You must get the express pass to get the full experience and not wait on lines all day. The Mummy, the Simpsons, and jimmy neutron are my favorite rides. the food was suprisingly way above average by theme park standards.
This place can be done in less than half a day.  Most of it are shows, and if you have been here in the past 10 years, they probably are the same shows.  If not shows, the rides are "3D simulation rides," which are totally not motion sick friendly.  I definitely do recommend going here at least once, because I remembered having a blast the first time I came.  However, this being the 2nd time, 8 years later, I ran out of things to do.  Best bet is to buy a park hopper for both Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure, spending 3/4 of the day at the latter.  We spent only 3 hours or so in Universal.  The new Despicable Me and Simpsons rides are super cute and totally made my day.  However, overall this park was not worth the $60 we paid (direct from Universal website).
First impression: very disorganized, poor signage, frankly they seem to be overwhelmed by the holiday crowds
Nice but does not compare to any of the Disney parks in service nor quality of attractions.
Some rides stand out and others do not.  Seuss land is very cute and ample amts of tourists walking around in "Thing 1" and "Thing 2" t-shirts up to "Thing 4" for a whole family.  The Cat in the Hat line was a ridiculous long wait.  The park is not nearly as crowded as the Magic Kingdom.  For some reason, I prefer the Universal Studios in Studio City, CA over the Florida one.  The CA one has a nicer ambience and they have water misters installed on the ceiling to keep you cool.  Florida is not as humane in that way at any of the theme parks and they don't even have a water shortage, just cheap, I guess.
The last time I went to Universal Studios was about 15 years ago when the park was relatively new. Needless to say, there have been a lot of changes in the park rides over the years. All-in-all, I found that the park, while still OK, is not that spectacular. Long lines and high prices will keep me going to other parks in the Orlando area.
Universal Orlando is a very fun park to spend the whole day at.  my husband and i got the 2-day 1-park pass, so we only had one day to see everything in the park.  we splurged for the Express Plus (front of the line pass) so we didn't have to wait in lines and got to do everything we wanted in one day.  we came during Mardi Gras, so we got some beads from the great parade, and ate some beignets and i got some gumbo. yum!  the sandwiches and pastries  from the Beverly Hills Boulangerie were good too.  i got to take pictures with Bruce (the shark from Jaws) and Beetle Juice.  we saw Lucy (from I Love Lucy) walking around, too.  the rides and attractions are fun and entertaining.  but again, i didnt' have to waste my day standing in line, so i think i might be biased.  it's definitely a better park that Universal Hollywood!
This park is small compared to Islands of Adventure, but it is still pretty nice. I haven't been back for over 10 years, so a lot has changed. I was glad that I got to go on The Mummy Ride! There was practically no wait for this ride! I loved the special effects and how its an actual rollercoaster! I went on it twice because I liked it so much! I also got to go on The Simpsons ride. That was a lot of fun too! I definitely recommend checking those two rides out. Also, don't miss out on the parade! The Minions from Despicable Me are too cute to miss! :)
