Fantastic dinner/show in the burlesque style. Adults only but not too naughty. Food was great and service outstanding. They really make a point to make you a part of the show. You can tell all employees and acts care about there performance. I say performance because what they do for their guests is more than a job to them. It's an experience they give you and the excel at it!
Three things to start... $5 parking fee (cash only) $5 per person gratuity added automatically (cause half you cheap ass tourists don't know how to tip-true story) We are generally over tippers but being forced to tip never sits well with us, we would have left more. $29 Florida Resident Rate!! If this is all you pay you will probably enjoy yourself much more! Let me continue by saying that the show and staff were really great! Fun, interactive and one of the few places in Orlando where it's an 18+ crowd (no kids=huge plus for me) The show is adult themed and raunchy at times but that's right up my alley! It's a mix of singing, humour and circus type acts that continues from the time you sit down till dinner is done (save a short break right when entree is served) The meal consists of 4 (mediocre) courses, ours were: Soup- 'cheddar broccoli' ...cold and more of a cheddar soup with broccoli added. Salad- mixed greens with an overly sweet Raspberry vinaigrette...meh Dinner- choice of beef tenderloin, 1/2 roasted chicken or veggie lasagna. Meats served with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus with 'hollandaise sauce' The beef was ok, under seasoned, and a little tough. The mashed was a little gritty and our friends suggested maybe boxed? The chicken was well cooked and tasty. Hollandaise sauce was vinegary and not necessary (in my opinion-which you are here for;) Dessert- carrot cake...So Disappointing! It was dry and stale tasting with a killer sweet icing. Dinner included endless soda (Pepsi Products) I heard the drinks were expensive-to be expected when they are not priced on the menu!!! And a sign on the front window says they add a drink surcharge so be warned and ask! I really wished to give this place a better review but we felt really nickeled and dimed, even paying the FL resident rate couldn't save it.
My BF and I wanted to do a fun cheesy touristy entertainment dinner while we were in Orlando since this is the mecca of attractions on practically every street corner. We reviewed several options via Yelp and Trip Advisory before our week long work/ vacation trip and found like this would be the most fun adult show since we're a young couple without kids. I'm definitely glad that we research ahead and were able to find a good deal on living social because the original price didn't seem worth it. When you are trying to locate this building, beware that this building houses two different dinner theater shows with pirate/ medieval theme, so don't walk into the wrong one. You can clearly tell the family friendly show versus the adult only show by the long line of kids screaming. Just continue to walk around the building to the other side away from the parking lot. There is a ticket window to purchase tickets or present your tickets if you print them out ahead of time in which you are then asked if you would like to upgrade your purchase to the VIP experience or prime rib meal instead of the standard 3 options that you are given. We passed on both. The waitresses and bus boy serve as a duel role as they are also part of the entertainment performers but you don't know that until the show begins. The women had jewel names with their corresponding costumes and male actors were dressed randomly like a pilot, etc. I read in previous reviews that your ticket included one alcohol drink; however, as of the beginning of 2014, this is no longer the case. No alcohol is included in the price of a regular ticket which kind of sucks for the price of your ticket. Come on, how hard is it to get a box of cheap wine and give it as complementary to everyone who purchased a ticket? We ended up ordering a Greta's Rum Punch and one of the pineapple martini's which definitely packed a nice punch at least. I recommend both of them but would say that Greta's Rum Punch was a stiffer pour to give you more bang for your buck. Both drinks were $10 each. The theater is intimate, which is nice since there really isn't a bad seat in the house unless you are in the last row, but then there are only 4 of them, so it's still not that bad. If you come with a large party of 6 or more people, you will most likely end up sitting in the corner of the theater style seating as that looked to be where the big booths/ tables were. We were given 4 courses which are timed with the acts. We started with some type of cream cheese soup, and then a small salad of mix fields with cranberries and pecans, followed by beef tenderloin with mash potatoes and asparagus, and topped off with a slice of carrot cake. Everything was pretty good and I was totally surprised at the size of our beef tenderloin which was probably 10 or 12oz. The other options were chicken or lasagna I think. The soup was a little cold and congealed, but you'll deal with it if you've ordered your Greta's punch. The food we ate was a solid B. The entertainment was pretty hilarious with lots of sexual references and included a little bit of everything like comedy, parity skits, political satire, raunchy sing-along, contortioning, juggling/ balancing, dancing, etc. This is no Vegas quality entertainment peeps, but it's definitely amusing and entertaining for a 2 hour show. We definitely enjoyed ourselves and were glad that we decided to try a different experience at least once for the novelty in Orlando. BTW, stick around at the end as the cast will do a photo op with you on your cell phone.
My wife and I had a blast at this place.  The food was average, but good quality for the price.  The show was fantastic.  I originally thought I was going to see a a show about Pirates, but soon learned it was about a Madam and her "jewels".  Again...very entertaining.  They also pull some of the men up from the audience.  I was not one of them, thankfully, but the ones that did get pulled up were good sports and added a lot to the show.  For the price of admission, you get dinner and a show.  Excellent value for the $, in my opinion.  Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.
I wish there was a 4.5 stars option. This place was a hoot. I went with my boyfriend and parents. The food was surprisingly good. They served broccoli and cheese soup, salad, beef tenderloin and carrot cake. The carrot cake was the only thing I wasn't pleased with as it was pretty dry. The drinks were well mixed and the acts were stellar. They were very impressive. I would highly recommend this experience!
The show was great!! Food could have been better and hot. They serve a vegetable soup,which in my opinion was white gray mix with frozen mixed vegetables,could have cooked much longer. Salad was gross, couldn't even eat it.i think it was just oil dressing. Main dish was ok. But for the cost would have expected way better food.Will not return.
This is a great opportunity for adults to go enjoy an adult-themed show without the kids. They highly recommend 18 and older only and for good reason. Your show starts as soon as you walk in and are greeted by the the waitstaff who will later become your entertainment! I loved how they were in character from the get-go. We arrived right at 7pm, which I would highly recommend because then you will get a seat up close to the stage. The show doesn't officially start until 8, but this gives you time to get to know your waitress (we had Jinx, or you could have a "Jewel" - either way you get great service!), get your drinks, and take some pictures. Definitely get there at least a little early, because the comedy starts before 8. A few of the actors come out and warm up the crowd a bit before the main character is introduced. The show was better than I expected! The premise is that this tavern owner has found acts from all around the world to show off and I would definitely call this a "variety" show. It has comedy, magic, singing, dancing, acrobatics, and more! I don't want to give any of the acts away as I would prefer you were as wow'd as my wife and I were! Something for everyone, but by everyone, I mean all adults. The women were beautiful and all entertainers were very talented. The "jewels" look like supermodels and wait until you see all of their different outfits. Nice. There were seriously moments where I couldn't believe my eyes. We were fortunate to sit right along the stage so we were an arm's reach away from the action! They even made the food a part of the show! I guess I should tell you about the food: You get a soup at the start of the show and when they bring out your salad a bit later and then your entree even later, it's part of the show! The final course is dessert, of course. And they built that right into the show too! The base price includes pop, but alcohol is additional. The drinks were pricey, but you should expect this being a very touristy location. It's comparable to a dueling piano bar, but way more entertainment makes it worth it. I would highly recommend this show to you. Utilize the discounts: check out the birthday special, college student special, and group discounts. No one should be paying full price unless you're going by yourself. This was my wife's birthday present. We talked about the show for the entire drive back to where we stayed and then ranted and raved to our family about it!
My husband and I came to Orlando on our honeymoon. We purchased all our tickets through his work perks website and while looking for something fun and unique this option came up. I looked at all the various shows, Arabian Nights etc and decided that the entertainment description and food seemed like the best combo. We were seated at a table for 8 with another couple (quite our seniors, lovely people) and later joined by two more couples traveling together. We had a nice round of introductions and banter before the show. The food was good. The only reason I wouldn't say it was great is because I was told the beef tenderloin is medium, mine was more well done while my husband's was slightly rarer with the woman at the end of the table having the rarest. The asparagus, potatoes, salad and cake were all nicely done. The entertainment was phenomenonal. Very amusing. Barely burlesque, more comedy and musical but really all around enjoyable. For two adults to get away without the kids it was an amazing evening and I would recommend this show to everyone, and in fact I'm doing just that!
This is a sister show to Pirate's Dinner Adventure. It's cheesy, campy, slightly raunchy fun at its finest - definitely not suitable for the kids! We wanted to see a show and I was going to suggest La Nouba, since it's so great and sure to be a crowd pleaser. I'm glad I opted for something different. You assume this is a pirate themed show, but there is a little bit of everything here and I enjoyed every minute. There are even some gymnastic and acrobatic acts like La Nouba, but with a much better view. You are so close to the stage and have the opportunity to marvel at the talent of the performers. Here is what you can expect, really a little bit of everything! - Puppets (think the grumpy old Muppets, but in Pirate garb) - Cabaret -  Improv - Acrobats - Miming and general tomfoolery - Contortionist (wow, just wow) - Comedy burlesque - Magic act (think Mark and Lorna, but magic, not singing) Many of the acts call for audience participation and as someone who is typically happy playing the observer I can say the quality of the show and performers motivates you to play along. By the end of the night, I was dancing on stage - stone cold sober by the way. The performers were really fantastic and did a great job of engaging the audience. They spent time before and after the show interacting with us and making sure we had a good time. This is a dinner show, so I should comment on the food. I wasn't expecting gourmet, you really go for the show, but I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. It reminded me of Vegas style buffet - on the strip, at Bellagio or Venetian. I think they were smart to provide a fixed menu, with a vegetarian option of course, the food was pretty good and I really enjoyed the dessert. Tickets are $49.95 - a fair price considering the quality of both the show and food. It's a good idea to check the show's website or discount sites, like halfoffdepot.com, before you reserve tickets to see if there are specials. This is a perfect activity for entertaining out of town guests, to give them a taste of Orlando's touristy flavor, but also a perfect date night for married or established couples. I would not recommend this as a first date - he'd be defenseless against the allure of the pirate wenches and contortionists and you wouldn't know him well enough to be feel comfy kicking him under the table.
Extremely Fun! Raunchy, funny, shocking, exciting and engaging fun! I was with Alexis N and Jacqueline F for Jackie's bday and we had a blast! It was definitely an i-Drive type of tourist experience but that added to the fun. The entire dining room was very nice and open and the stage was in the middle of the room and fluctuated from floor level to 4 ft off the ground.  The servers (Ruby was PHENOM!!) were part of the show too so that made it all the more interactive and exciting. The show had everything from humor to sexiness to impressive talent. My favorite part of the night was just how much our party was laughing, whether it was because of the improv going on, the shock on our faces when something would happen to cross the line or if one of our friend were on stage just getting embarrassed to no end. The food was pretty good, there was a salad and prime rib with mashed potatoes and asparagus.  It was tasty but nothing amazing. The dessert was not to my liking but I was stuffed from the food laughter and the drinks.  You receive one complimentary drink and then the menu of drinks is somewhat pricey. I understand since it is in tourist land the prices rise but it's a little underwhelming.  If I had paid normal price ($50) and had to pay for drinks, I may not have been so impressed but for $25 (thanks to halfoffdepot.com) in addition to the drinks, not a bad deal. Overall, good time and you def have to check it out!!
This place is great. We have come the past two yours while in town for business and had a blast!!! By chance it falls on our wedding anniversary a dn it is a great time for us to celebrate! It is a show geared towards Adults and interaction!!! You can and might become part of the show. With out fail we end up in tears laughing or inpressed by some of the other entertainers! If you and the Mrs. are in Orlando and looking for a fun night, really fun...This Is Your Place!!!
You know... These types of spots aren't typically my cup of tea. BUT... My experience at Treasure Tavern was rather enjoyable! We went for a friend's birthday, and it was so much fun! It was a bit confusing to get to as it's attached to the Pirate dinner theater and they seem similar, but from entering the door, everyone at TT was so inviting and friendly! We were greeted with a complimentary rum punch before we were seated (right next to the stage!) Our waitress, Ruby, was soooo sweet and fun! She was also part of the show! The show was so much fun... funny, quirky, different, slightly risque! And certainly high on my list of importance... the food and drink... YUM! I really wasn't expecting the food to be too great at a dinner theater place like this, but it was so yum! Great mediterannean salad, yummy prime rib, mashed taters, and asparagus, and chocolate dessert! I was really surprised at how good it was! Two thumbs up! And great fun for a party!
Great as how and very entertaining.  Definitely a night out for the adults without the kids.  Get a sitter for one night and it is worth the money for a great show.  Next time you are in Orlando go see the show
Decided to check something new out on my trip to Orlando besides the typical Disney/Universal attractions that typically fill up my time.  I guess the best way to review it is to split it into two categories. 1. Food.  They serve a 4 course dinner that I would place somewhere in the middle of the road.  Nothing that blew me away but it did not make me gag at the sight of it.   2. Entertainment.  The show was pretty entertaining touching on all sorts of styles of amusement, from puppets, to magic, to interpretive dance.  The theme of the whole night is a very campy burlesque environment, so if you are easily offended I would recommend not going.   Overall I enjoyed the evening.  It was something different to do and made me laugh.
Let me just start off by saying that Treasure Tavern was definitely not what we were expecting. My boyfriend and I had been told about all the great dinner theater spots in the area, and based on recommendations decided to try this one out. We thought we were getting ourselves into something akin to Medieval Times, a place with entertainment but where we could effectively sit in a dark audience and where the show was not so surrounding and intimate so as to prevent any conversation. That was definitely not the case at Treasure Tavern. The show there was fully interactive and lasted the entirety of dinner, so we had no opportunity to sit back and watch or just spend time together and talk. Given the format of the show, we hoped to be more fully entertained than we were since neither of are particularly into song and dance routines, but c'est la vie. Not so c'est la vie was the pricing structure. Our $50 tickets said they included complimentary wine, beer, and soft drinks in addition to admission and dinner, so we were more than a little confused when we were charged for our wine. Additionally, the food was really bland and rather disappointing. Treasure Tavern served a fixed menu of a mixed green salad with rubbery greens and inedible dressing, prime rib with asparagus and mashed potatoes, and opera cake. The prime rib was probably the worst part - it was significantly overcooked, not at all well trimmed, and just plain bland. We would have far preferred good and cheap chicken to bad prime rib, hands down. If you love to be engaged in a show, you might enjoy this. I would just recommend buying an admission only ticket and ordering off the menu rather than buying the ticket that includes dinner.
This was suggested to me by some friends as a fun spot to spend my bday. Boy were they right! I had a party of 11 and each one of us participated in some way or another, whether it was getting pulled up on stage to having one of the performers talk to us during the sketch. Let me start out by saying that I ordered my tix from halfoffdepot.com. Unfortunately, due to a large order of about 900 tickets that had nothing to do with me or the Treasure Tavern, my tix and the tix of the other 9 ppl in my party did not arrive in time for our planned celebration. I called the reservation desk and spoke to Kelly. She made sure to accommodate us any way she could. It took a couple of calls between halfoffdepot and the Treasure Tavern, but we got it all sorted out and my entire party was able to resume our plans to celebrate here on our original night. Props to Kelly for making my bday celebration a reality. This was such a great place to celebrate my birthday, but I could see going back for any occasion. Like the other reviewer pointed out, you get a bit of everything from cheesy comedy to skillful acrobatics. The comedians are really quick on their feet and the other performers are super talented as well. I enjoyed every bit of this show. As far as the food goes, it isn't the best I ever had, but it was really yummy. I opted for the vegetarian entree (a veggie lasagna) and it was really good. It came with a side of asparagus, which normally i really hate, but they cooked it in a way that actually had a nice flavor and I loved every bite. A word of advice though, if you plan to order anything other than what is on the menu, like the veg lasagna or salmon, be sure to tell your waitress right away because they make everything fresh. One of the ppl in our party was not asked if he wanted something other than prime rib and he had to wait an additional 10 min or so for his order. Otherwise, everything was amazing and our waitress, Ruby, took very good care of us. I think every one should go here at least once, but I definitely plan on going back again and again.
The location of our hotel had us passing signs of the Treasure Tavern's sister show, Pirates Dinner Adventure multiple times. So when we had an empty night but full stomachs, we were referred to the Treasure Tavern for their show only option for some mature entertainment. Warning: It is NOTHING like Medival Times. You are not cheering for a pirate or anything of the sort. The venue itself is like a medium sized restaurant but with a stage upfront. The entertainment is very interactive...with pirate dressed Hooter girls. The girls are very fun and play their roles well. They wear fluffy but short skirts and bend over to show off their leotard covered booties. *score for the guys* The show is mainly comprised of a variety of acts: a hula hooping gal, contortionist, gymnasts, magic and other physical feats. They also have some improv comedy, similar to that of 'Who's Line Is It Anyway'. The boy was very entertained with it all and had a great time. I guess the drinks were also what helped us have a great time! You are greeted at the door with their rum punch, really a nicely tropical juice with rum. All the house special drinks were also great. Strong but flavored well so it goes down smooth. Additionally, during the show, the Emcee will invite you to buy a special shot to take with the rest of the house. Note; Ladies, if you want some eye candy, he was tending the bar in the back that night. My only qualm was that appetizers were on the expensive side and small portions. So if you're going to enjoy your time here at Treasure Tavern, come with an empty belly and go for the show and dinner option. Great dinner entertainment overall. Raunchy, quirky, dirty fun. Could see this as being a great place to celebrate a 21st...or even a 31st birthday!
Kind of a different show for the Orlando area kid friendly establishments.  It's geared more towards adult audiences.  Adult jokes about sex ...sort of beavis and butthead stuff.  The dinner consists of a four course meal that includes soup, salad, main-course (beef, chicken, or veggie) and dessert.  The show is ok and it mixes comedy, dance, singing, and some circus acts.  Dinner and soda/coffee included....bar beverages are small and cost 12:50 ea.....hardly a deal considering the show costs $69 per person PLUS a $5 per person gratuity.  Felt kind of a stiff price for what you get.   My wife went to this show based on the reviews but not worth the price....  I do have to say that the staff goes far beyond their way to make you feel welcome but for what you pay for, I guess is to be expected.
Geeze....kinda hard to write a review...as these types of places just are not my cup of tea... However the performers in this "dinner theater" were very enthusiastic...and some of the performers did amazing feats of strength and agility...juggling...etc. .....however....expect a lot of campy 6th grade level jokes about masturbation...penis size....vaginal issues..oral sex.....promiscuity.....  I just don't find this type of humor to be stimulating in anything but very small doses. This is not cerebral by any stretch of the imagination...but..if you are more relaxed than I am....you may very well enjoy the show...again....the performers are very enthusiastic and energetic.. Food was as expected in a dinner type theater...not great.  Salad was fine....we were told the protein was a tenderloin....but it really was an overcooked sirloin cut of child size proportions..(which is a perfect size for me)....mashed potato's were o.k.... asparagus was peeled and thankfully not overcooked. We did not stay for desert as we were over the pubescent humor...and it was excessively loud...impossible to converse during most of  the performances. Not for kids !  But great for adults that enjoy ribald humor...and are not easily offended.
Dine-in entertainment at it's best! Great date night. Adult humor.  Definitely, recommended!
Lots of fun. Very talented performers. A gear adult alternative.
the line to get in was a bit slow but not horrible.  once inside you are greeted with a very good but small rum punch.   the meal started with a small but tasty greens salad.  the main course was a delicious prime rib with mashed potatoes and asparagus.  drinks were pricey but what's new.  dessert was a slice of chocolate pie/cake.  all surprisingly good especially for a tourist show. this is a great adult night out.  the show is highly entertaining, very funny and it keeps you laughing throughout the night.  service is fun as well. we are locals and would definitely return.  probably the best dinner show I have ever seen. not for kids.... 18+ which makes it even better!  it's attached to the pirates dinner theatre so be sure to walk around to the right entrance.
This is a difficult review.  Overall, we had a great time!   Pros:  Funny dirty humor fills the night.  If you are not into bathroom and bawdy sex jokes, you are not going to have a good time.   The "acts" were really good.  These are professionals who have worked hard at their craft.  The costume changing act was amazing and the singer had a beautiful voice.   Cons: The food is mediocre at best... The salmon was so overcooked that there was no liquid or moisture left.  But I was not expecting a 4 star dinner either. Overall, we had a great time and would definitely recommend to other to try it out.  It was worth the money and we laughed all night long.
If you are looking for something fun and different, with no children around (under 18 not admitted was my understanding), this is the place to be!  The show had cheesy one liners at times, but it was all in great fun!  The performers represent a variety of different talents and were all really fun to watch.   The meal was surprisingly much better than I expected.  Four courses, a creamy vegetable soup,  tossed salad, prime rib with garlic mashed potatos and asparagus, then finishing off with dessert.  Alcohol prices weren't totally out of line with other places. If you are easily offended or have been called uptight, this is probably not the event for you.
Went here back in December with my husband and we had a great time. The show was funny and entertaining and the performers really looked like they were enjoying themselves. The food was okay, not the best I've had, but not the worst by far. The show is definitely geared for adults, I would not recommend bringing anyone under the age of 18.  There is no nudity, but some of the humor is a bit raunchy.   There are different types of acts from puppets to magic to singing to acrobatic to dancing.  The show lasts about 2 hours and is worth it.  I will be going again in the future!
A grand birthday at Treasure Tavern! From the moment you walk into the dimlit room, you are greeted with enthusiasm and humor.  You are walked to your table where you are greeted by a waitress also in character who will cater to your every request. The meals presented throughout the course of the evening show were absolutely delicious.  With 4-5 course meal (can't remember which right now) and a 2 hour show, it really is quite a value.  The additional alcoholic beverages were also great and came with souvenier glasses! The show itself is not one for the kiddies.  Since I was celebrating my birthday, I was put on the spotlight right in the beginning of the show as these characters stole my purse when they were chatting with me and making jokes, only to rummage through it on stage.  It was so entertaining! The whole show was filled with glitz, glamour, music, fun, and lots of laughter.  It was an intimate atmosphere where you really felt as though you were part of the entertainment. My husband and my friends shared the same sentiment as they were also laughing and enjoying the show throughout. Definitely a place I would recommend to celebrate a special occasion for the adult folk who aren't easily offended and love slightly raunchy humor and fun.
Me and my wife saw this show, and let me tell you.. This was awesome, great performers, very funny for the adult crowd. Would for sure recommend this to any of my friends.
