Living right by The Pickle, every good roadtrip I have taken alone of with friends has started with a sandwich from here.  I have tried some of their soups, desserts, and pasta salads, but nothin really quite does it like their meaty sandwiches.   The sandwich starts when the employee slaps down two thin, elongated pieces of bread and digs in with a spatula for some mayo.  Just a warning, they go very heavy on the mayo here, so it might be best to ask for a lighter amount.  They have a good selection of meats to choose from, but I find myself leaning towards the smoked cajun turkey.  Add on some  more cheese, toppings, and some leafy lettuce and your sandwich is complete, unless of course the top piece of bread won't stay on because the sandwich contains too much food.  That happens a lot.  Be careful while you eat it, as I have seen a tasty sandwich fall apart in the hands of a customer who cannot handle it properly. Tip: Order a full sandwich and save the other half.  I have found that it tastes even better after a night in the fridge.
One of the few places you can find an egg and olive sandwich, and it's wonderful. The Neptune soup is pretty awesome as well!  My husband loves this place and picks them over all others.  I am actually not a fan of their pickles however, and their staff is usually not paying attention to the customers are busy talking to each other.  The actually ingredients are not terrible, but they never taste the freshest.
Decent sandwiches. Huge portions. Not the best ingredients but sometimes you have to disregard quality of ingredients with quality of grit. If you're willing to splurge for the calories (and you should), I'd recommend the Brooklyn Pickle Sandwich on the standard pumpernickel. Tip: ask them to go easy on the russian dressing.
Wrote my initial review for this place before I moved here.  I was impressed with the size of the sandwich at the time, but every single place in Syracuse offers enormous portions.  When it comes down to it, the sandwiches here aren't very good.
The meat and bread were very good as were the cookie. The tomatoes were very yellow and crappy. for 14 dollars I would expect a better sandwich. Oh they also give you two small pickle slices instead of a spear. If you wanted a pickle it is 1 dollar.
I am not from NY.  I am not a deli sandwich aficionado.  I like the Brooklyn Pickle.  Step right up and order a half and full sandwich from the large list of turkey, roast beef, pastrami sandwiches.  I ordered the Brooklyn Pickle sandwich which I believe was turkey roast beef and pastrami.  I liked it alot. I've had the crab soup before and thought it was great.  I like this place. Try it out.  Some of the previous reviews I've read have made this place like not a sincere deli spot. I enjoy it.
Hands down, best sandwiches on this earth!  Fresh daily New York bakery bread. Meat piled sky high. Pickles are da bomb. Extremely clean, very friendly, fast service. I promise you won't find a better sandwich shop in Central New York!
Very good place to grab a good NY style deli sandwhich. But the ironic Part is... They have the worst pickles I have ever tasted in my life. I literally thought they fell in a bucket of chemicals before they gave them to us. Their sandwhiches were very good Though. Usually a little chaos at the ordering counter though.
Nice sammiches. The signature sandwich is damn tasty: finely sliced corned beef and pastrami that melts in your mouth, tangy Russian dressing, fresh salad. Awkwardly crammed into a sub, but there's no shame in using a fork to pick at the deliciousness. You'd pay nearly as much at a Subway and get only about half as much food, and they don't have a tasty pickle to cleanse the pallet. I've yet to find a better sandwich shop in Syracuse.
As a sub fanatic, this has to be the best one I've had in Syracuse. I got half of an Italian sub, and it was so filling I only finished half. The pickles are really good, very unique but tangy and delicious. Definitely not like a canned pickle, but I'm pretty sure that's the whole point. The meat was piled on, and very fresh. Good selection of sides and chips. My only regret is that I will now be unable to stop myself from going there all the time, it's too good.
I am honestly not sure how anyone could give a bad review. Im very picky and only review places i love or hate and inlove it here. I get the cajun turkey on white.  Omg so good. The people saying wonder bread are smoking something. I will bet anyonehere 100.00$ its not. And ill bring the wonder bread loaf(that i literally have at home) in with me. Bring your money ;).  Anyways. Amazing sammies. And great macn cheese.
The sandwiches here are excellent.  There is a reason that the servers move you through the line quickly - it's because the line is usually long! Don't be fooled by some of the negative reviews.  The bread (NY Bakery) is local to Syracuse.  It's good and fresh.  I've only had a few of the various meats here, but I can easily say their tuna is my favorite in Syracuse.  The pickles you get with your sandwich come in two varieties: a sour pickle and a "fresher" tasting variety that tastes more like sliced cucumber.   Both are good and you can request either with your sandwich.   Their soups rotate from day to day and I generally enjoy most of the ones I've tried.  Clam chowder is unique (does lack a lot of clams) and they make a mean potato chowder.  Their chili is ok and their Neptune Stew is very popular though I've never tried it. Desserts here are a pass as well - nothing to write home about.
I was a little depressed when I couldn't get through to Dino BBQ the day after Thanksgiving.  We ended up ordering in Brooklyn Pickle, which was ALMOST as good.  (Almost.)   Huge, overstuffed deli sandwiches with fresh fixings-- cold cuts, veggies, salads (egg, tuna, chicken, seafood), whatever your pleasure.  Don't be fooled by the paltry sounding "half" size sub or sandwich as I almost was.  Half a slice of their bread is twice as big as a normal piece of packaged bread.  L, T, and O are standard, sub sauce on request.   On top of that, several of their namesake pickle chips come with your enormous sandwich.  Their desserts are homemade-- bread pudding, rice pudding, and other yummy options.  I've had BP a few times over the years and it's always a great lunch.
I give up on trying to get friendly service at Brooklyn Pickle.  These employees are joyless and sullen nearly every time I come in, and they don't put a ton of care into making the sandwiches - too often they're both sloppy and bland.  Even the eponymous sandwich tastes cheaper than it did a couple years ago. I'm also with the customer who criticizes the pickles - two times in a row the pickle slices served with the sandwich have been absolutely revolting. The quality isn't what it used to be and the service is poor.  No sense patronizing this place when better options exist.  Second North and Liberty both make equally-good sandwiches, and Darwin blows Brooklyn Pickle out of the water.  That's where you'll find me.
Good sandwiches? Mehh. I'll say they are big sandwiches. Still deciding if the $9 is worth it or not. I ordered the Brooklyn Pickle sandwich, which when described, sounded great. Pastrami, corned beef, Russian dressing, on rye. First - I'm not convinced the rye bread was rye bread. Just because it's dark doesn't make it rye. If it is, I've had better rye. It's just plastic-bag bread from a company called NY Bakery. Don't believe it when they tell you it's fresh NY bakery bread. That's playing with semantics. The dressing wasn't bad, but I just thought there was way too much. When I got the sandwich home, the sandwich was just leaking dressing all over the place. They put a lot of meat on the sandwich, which is nice. But it was cold. I don't think I've ever had a pastrami or corned beef sandwich with cold meat. It's not ideal. I'm not sure if they cut their own meat, or if they just buy it. The ingredients aren't impressive and this place is FAR from the famous NYC delis that it compares itself to. I would try something else. They aren't much different than what you can make right at home.
Some have said this is a Syracuse "establishment" as if it is a compliment. It is an establishment but, I'm not giving any compliments. The long story short is that I had seen this attractive looking establishment while driving by on Rt 690. My curiosity got the best of me and I finally decided to sample the great sandwiches implied by their use of "Brooklyn" in their business name. So, I order the basic, the standard, the real New York test of a sandwich: a pastrami on rye with mustard. I know I am in Wonder bread and mayonnaise territory ...oh the nightmares...but never expect my horrible dreams to come true. If you have not lived in NYC, let me explain. A pastrami sandwich is served with hand cut, hot, pastrami placed in rye bread that has a firm texture, body, caraway seeds, and a chewy crust. The pastrami is stacked generously high and is hot. No cheese, no mayo and no white bread allowed. I entered Brooklyn Pickle, walked to their counter to place my order and my nightmare began. I asked for a pastrami on rye. Then the questions began...do you want mustard or mayo with that? AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! Blasphemy !!! Then before I could recover, I was asked if I wanted cheese!!! HELP !!!!! I quickly downed a nitroglycerin pill  to help my crushing chest pain to enable me to respond, "I would like a pastrami on rye with mustard." They pulled out 2 large slices of a floppy, brown colored bread. Next, they squirted the mustard on the brown Wonder bread. Now the really bad news...they pulled out a plastic bag from a refrigerator that contained sliced cold "pastrami". They completed the assembly of my sandwich. I paid for it and actually tried to eat this cold heap of imitation pastrami on Wonder bread with some bland cucumber, err.. pickle slices. Maybe they can make a cold ham and Swiss but, with a name like Brooklyn Pickle, they insult millions of New Yorkers. In fact, I have had better pastrami in places outside of the USA. I will not reduce my expectations of authentic regional food.
Very simple.....the BEST OF THE BEST! Dont whine about price...or quantity.. if you do, you didnt order the right thing....no substitute in Syracuse! JMino
The Brooklyn Pickle is an ok place to grab a sandwich.  Definitely not the best. If you are looking for a sandwich with high quality ingredients this isn't the place. They have subs but are famous for sandwiches. I think they've cut down the amount of meat they put on their sandwiches in the last few years. They use cheap breads and meats (no fresh turkey..no Boar's Head or anything). I think they must have a surplus of mayonnaise as well because they drown their mac salad in it and if you're not careful they'll put a ton of it on your sandwich. Their soups and specials can be pretty good sometimes. Don't be fooled by the name..their pickles are terrible.. they're hardly pickled. Most of the sandwich makers are high school kids and I think the owner just runs the register. There are definitely better sandwiches in Syracuse. Good thing is it's relatively inexpensive.
Living in DC now, I crave Brooklyn Pickle.  Our deli down here sucks.   Brooklyn Pickle sandwiches are enormous, and a great bargain.  The cured meats (especially the pastrami and corned beef) are fantastic.   All I ever order is the actual "brooklyn pickle" sandwich, which is Pastrami/Corned beef with Russian on dark rye.  They pile the meat on like a mufucka'.
Man oh man, another Syracuse establishment.  When you go to Brooklyn Pickle, you need to go right for the whole sandwich.  It is between two massive slices of New York Bakery bread (makes the sandwich) and is LOADED with meat. I read a couple complaints about the service, but I have never had this problem.  The people there have always been very friendly, although if you're looking for attitude, you won't find it.  They make their sandwiches and send you on your way. Whenever I bring guests to Syracuse, I make sure to stop by here.  Now all my friends want to keep revisiting Syracuse!
After a 5+ year hiatus, I returned to the Brooklyn Pickle over the weekend with my wife and in-laws. Though I wasn't blown out of the water by what many consider one of Central New York's gems, the Pickle threw together a decent enough sandwich to warrant a return in the near future. Lining up to the counter and ordering our meals was an adventure. We weren't familiar with the menu, and I felt like the staff rushed our order and didn't offer any insight to help move things along. They also didn't seem to understand that our party was together and, therefore, paying together. We reiterated this point several times before the message sunk in. All that aside, the Pickle sports an impressive menu. Subs, sandwiches, soups, salads -- they have it all, on several different rolls, with several different meats. And the portions are gigantic. Just a heads up that a "full" sandwich is about the size of what I'd consider two regular sandwiches, all packed together tight with a pound of meat and doused with toppings. That being said, the bread was sliced too thin and, since they don't go light on mayo or toppings, the sandwich grew soggy a few bites in. I tried the Clam Chowder and wasn't impressed -- bland, chunky, and lacking the key ingredient (clams). And, for a place called the Brooklyn Pickle, their pickles were disappointing. Too dry and bitter. Regardless, the selection in addition to the quality of meats and ingredients is enough to make me return.
I kept hearing about this place when we moved here.  We finally went and it was well worth it.  They have some of the best pickles I have had in a long time. The sandwiches are large and very filling.   Great place for lunch or a light supper.
Good sandwich place.  No many choices for vegetarians.
This place was criminally under-visited during my time at Syracuse University. I only found out about it during my senior year, but man... was I impressed. This place had the great taste of a quality New York Deli, right in the middle of Syracuse. Too bad they needed to name it after Brooklyn though...
okay, I was craving a turkey sub from here the other day and now I can't stop going. Everything is totally opposite from my last review; the chicken noodle soup isn't as good anymore and the employees are nicer. I like it this way better.
My favorite place. Always try to get to the city 30 mins early when I come in for the SU basketball games so that I can make the trip to "The Pickle." If you like Subway because of their Veggies then this place is not for you. If you like fresh sliced deli meats piled on you sandwiches with fesh bakery bread then you are in luck! Be careful with your pickles! Lately they have been mixing in what seem to be essetially cuccumbers and that ruins the taste of the sandwich. Make sure that they use the traditional pickles. I get the Brooklyn Pickle or just plain corned beef. Try all of their breads. They are all amazing and their soups are all made fresh daily from scratch. The cream cheese brownies are always a nice way to polish off a meal that makes you feel guilty from great taste!
You really pay for what you get here.  They load meat and cheese on their cold cuts and everything is amazing.
Sooo good! I constantly heard from my girlfriends family how good the sandwiches are at Brooklyn Pickle but it was only today that I got to try one for myself and it was all it was hyped up to be. I got a corned beef sandwich and the amount of meat on it was huge. A whole sandwich is two meals for me, so it was totally worth the price. Great coleslaw also !
