Fabulous ambiance,  incredible food, and savory eye candy.  This is the place everyone wants to be.  Sunday brunches at Boheme are nothing short of heavenly.
Amy my server/bartender was awesome.... Suggested the carpaccio and she was Spot ON!!! I loved it! Delicious and it is a must try! It's our first time here and we WILL be back!!? She will take great care of you!
This is a very nice hotel bar. Everything is very upscale and comfortable. It is a big change from most of the downtown bars and definitely worth a trip to check out, perhaps on a special night out.
Perhaps the prettiest cozy lounge in all of Orlando, nestled in the Boheme Hotel.  The romantic dim lit elegant, high ceiling room is perfect to impress that special someone.  Evenings feature a piano soloist and varied performers on weekends.  Bring plenty of cash though, as this royal rush dosen't come cheap!  A lite food menu is available.
For a hotel bar this place was pretty decent. Bartenders are friendly and on top of things. Decent older crowd..nice music. The pear martini was divine. You can order food from the boheme as well..which is very good. Dark gothic atmosohere with some very interesting artwork. I'd make it a regular stop if I lived in the area.
Absolutely love this place for casual and classy drinks with friends and/or coworkers. The place has an overall upscale feel to it. Sometimes it is nice to feel classy. The music is always great!
Great bar! Well stocked, beautiful setting, and the bartenders are top top! The entertainment is great here too. Not sleepy lounge acts, but world-class performers!  I came last week and caught The Jazz Professors. They have a Top 40 Jazz album under their belts and they're playing in a nice small place like this! The food from Boheme is excellent too. I came for the brunch the other day and it was wicked!
Oh how swank. I spent college playing jazz piano, so I've been inside plenty of hotel piano bars. This one DOES IT RIGHT. The atmosphere is downright seductive, with low lighting, a black red and gold palette and velvet couches that wrap around the room. The Bosendorfer Lounge is separated from the Boheme restaurant next door by a large rotunda, inside which is the eponymous Bosendorfer Imperial Grand piano and some more seating seating. I set myself down here to enjoy the music of Wes Hamrick, the entertainment director and pianist at the Grand Bohemian. The man knows his stuff, and even when Luther Vandross was requested, it seemed to be Vandross as played by Bill Evans. Just fantastic. (Apparently there are other jazz groups that play on weekends, about which Wes was quite enthusiastic.) The crowd is a mix...part older folks, part young couples with money. I was impressed that the staff, while quite attentive, were completely welcoming and unstuffy (to me in my sneakers and jeans, no less). A couple of Manhattans set me back the price of a moderate dinner, but c'mon...you didn't think this would be cheap, did you? Best place I've found in Orlando to hear live jazz 7 nights a week.
So I was staying at the Grand Bohemian last night, and it definitely had its charms, but the highlight for me was actually having a drink at the lounge here. But now that I think about it, and while I am a tried and true gin man, it wasn't the martini that actually impressed me the most. Rather, it was the hotel's vivid and impressive collection of art layered about. Of particular attraction and fascination were the two William Russell Walker (williamrussellwalker.com) paintings, Presentation of Salome and Daniel in the Lion's Den, which struck me as sensual and dangerous yet beautiful and I was completely fixated by both. I was also drawn to grand piano, which was made by the Austrian piano manufacturer Bösendorfer (boesendorfer.com). It was specifically designed by an architect named Hans Hollein, has 97 keys as opposed to the standard 88, and is one of only two in the world. It's estimated at $250,000, when I inquired! The lounge definitely attracts a more sophisticated crowd, but that doesn't get boisterous. Still, I'll take a quiet drink and some contemplation or quiet conversation any day.
If you like vodka martinis, get yourself a blue cheese stuffed olive martini and really take in the elegant decor and sophisticated ambiance. The low-light room really sets the mood for an intimate cocktail experience. The art hanging on the wall and the comfy, velvet couches really makes this bar an Orlando gem. The crowd is very pleasing as well; you'll get more of the professional 30+ patrons walking in. Last time I was here, they had a DJ playing upbeat jazz and made space for a dance floor. I sure miss their jazz nights. Those were my fave. If you're looking for sophistication, this is your bar!
Came here on Valentines with no reservation or red satin dress.  They had no tables available but were very accommodating and happy to suggest dining at the bar and making an exception by extending their restaurant menu to us in their lounge. We had a lovely evening along with excellent service!  Sophie made great suggestions throughout the evening to ensure we were happy with our choices. The potato and truffle soup was delicious along with their quail and vegetables main course (according to my friend). I had the Sea bass and must say it wasn't all that fresh :( but I was so pleased with the live piano music, good people watching (40+ year young women sporting red, shiny, tight dresses and double-triple d cleavage... 20 year olds in micro mini dresses showing up solo and being whisked away by older, hungry men...:) Lots of love for the night It was a good time.  Wine selection was primarily Northern Cal... and limited.
A classy place... laid-back, friendly and typically well-dressed clientele who are comfortable enough in their own skins not to act as if they have anything to prove. You may have to enter through the back where you see the valet drivers and the big statue. I went on a Monday night and enjoyed the jazz jam. Several players from the area performed on sax, drums, piano, and the microphone. The bandleader even agreed to let me do a number, and both the band and audience received it graciously. If you are a competent musician, make sure to brush up on your Motown, jazz, blues or R&B chops and ask to join in for a song. There was no cover, so even paying $9-13 for a glass of wine was not exorbitant, considering the quality of the music and the sheer class of the establishment. Highly recommended.
I'm not 100% sure of how to pronounce them name, but wow, what a great little lounge. Very hip and trendy! I love the artwork scattered throughout. Like everything Grand Bohemian, this is really beautiful. The servers are very attentive and the drinks are good quality too, albeit a bit pricey. I had a $12 chocolate martini, the last time I was in, BUT I will say it is the best one I ever had! It makes me want to go back just writing this review! It's not the most lively place, and definitely a more mature crowd, but worth stopping in for a Chocloate Martini for sure!
Sophisticated bar - nice place to socialize and enjoy the many works of art that range from wall sized paintings to statues, in conjunction with super eclectic furniture.  The bartenders were super personable and pleasant.   They also have a restaurant, the menu looked delicious, but unfortunately we didn't have the chance to try it :|
Servers, and Bartenders are some of the best anywhere. It is elegant, and sophisticated ambience, and it can be a very chill place to either begin or end the night. Great low tempo music. Truly phenomenal service; Bartenders like Ivy ( truly excellent) and servers like Despina, Kimmie (sp) and others make you feel like you are at home but maybe a much nicer and hipper home. Huge fan, and a must stop whenever I come to O-Town ( I know no one calls it that but  I still do, so).
This place looked cool and we always wanted to stop in to have a drink so Saturday night we did.  There was live music that seemed overly loud for the type of crowd that was there.  The bartender was very nice and quick with drinks.  However shortly after our drinks came another bar back started pouring something into empty liquor bottles wrapped in yellow ribbon.  When we asked he said he was pouring disinfectant into them to clean them.  Huh?! So as we sat there he was pouring chemicals into a bottle that we or someone else was going to drink from.  He said it was fine because they only use the bottles for sugar water or lemon juice.  So we continued to watch as he then filled them up with some other liquid and returned them to the bar rack.  That was enough to gross us out and we left.  If that's how you clean bottles maybe do it out of view of the customers.
We headed over here last night after the Yelp Street Soiree. (like we needed more beer?) Caught some cool Jazz, topped off a couple more Yuenglings.(not free, as opposed to the yelp party) Love the Bosendorfer. Just love it.
I stayed at The Grand Bohemian for a week so I became very good friends with the Bosendorfer Lounge.  What a beautiful bar and hotel.  I did my pregame here each night and even post game when I made it back in time.  The bartenders are outstanding!  Not only do they make a great Manhattan, but they give great restaurant recommendations and point you in the right direction for other outstanding watering holes.
I walked in one night prodded by an old friend to check out the Grand Bohemian's lounge. Walking in, I was pouring sweat...I've never been able to properly explain myself in this climate. "Ok", I said to myself, "be quiet, be calm". The red lights blared down as all eyes were on us. Quiet piano music played as we made our way to the bar, stepping through floral carpet that was all a bit too much. I felt like I was a reincarnation of Raoul Duke, making his way through the lobby bar at the Las Vegas Mint, expecting the patrons to turn into flesh-eating reptiles behind my back. Uncomfortableness aside, we stepped up to oder a drink, realized we needed a second mortgage to do so, so our time there was short.
Perfect place to relax on Thursday evenings as long as they keep their laid back guitar and vocals by Rick Allen
I've been coming here more frequently of late and I have to really say, this is one of my favorite bars in all of Orlando.  If you sit at the bar, you will get much more attentive service, and they are also very friendly and genuine.  It's also a great place to meet people at the bar.   You can learn alot just from conversing with random people and learning about their life.  Bosendorfer offers the perfect atmosphere to do that and they boast a generally classy clientele.  The atmosphere is truly unbeatable.  If you're coming to Orlando on business, the Grand Bohemian (the hotel this bar is in), is hands down the greatest option you have.  It's relatively inexpensive considering what you get.  The rooms are fantastic, you're in the heart of downtown or Orlando, and you'll get world class service for only like $150-$200 per night.  Definitely worth it.
I absolutely adore this lounge located on the first floor of the Grand Bohemian hotel in Downtown Orlando. Its classy, artsy style is fabulous and the atmosphere just puts you in a good, relaxed mood. The servers have great personality and are very helpful. The drinks they serve as just as awesome. Their martinis are delicious!! Try the Madam Roxanne ... Vodka, pineapple and cranberry juice with a splash of champagne. Oh my! Heaven. Perfect place to start if you are having a classy evening out and don't mind spending a little more. It's worth it for the experience. Such a great hotel, too! A must visit - definitely!
It gets pretty crowded on weeknights from 6:30-7:30pm. I am only giving them 4 stars because there isn't enough seating to accommodate everyone at happy hour time. Beers run around $5, mixed drinks, wines and martinis run around $15. Staff is attentive and the atmosphere is wonderful. Lots of older men in suits, working women, and rarely anyone below 25 years old. A great and classy lounge!
C'mon.  This is our only real hotel bar in downtown Orlando.  I have to give it 5 stars just for that.  The staff is friendly enough and the place is nice.  Some nights are better than others, just like any hotel bar.  But regardless, next time you feel the urge to mingle with some out of towners or just some coworkers (or friends, or whomever)... try out the Bosendorfer, the bar, not the piano (they may get a little upset if you touch their piano).
Nice place for a quiet drink.  A large, circular bar dominates the room.  There are a few tables scattered around the perimeter.  The drinks were good, the bartenders friendly and attentive.  Not loud, kind of low key.
Chelsea was our bartender and was great!  Drinks were perfect and it's obvious the management at this hotel has perfection in mind.
Great hipster (30+) bar and super cool bar staff.
amazing place to stay
