As others have mentioned, you get out of it what you put into it. Groupon also had a deal for $12 which is why I went. Upon entry, you sign in and get your Csi vest (all size xl) or you can remain "undercover" (aka street clothes). Once the group is ready, each group gets a clipboard with the scene they will be investigating. The guide takes you to the small waiting area (8 chairs) and you watch a short video about forensic science and your supervisor Gil Grissom, gives you a short briefing. Then you go to the area with your case. I did number 3: no bones about it. The crime scene is a mini desert with some plants and a skeleton laying in the middle of it.  Once I got to the layout area I noticed the photos of the crime scene differed greatly from the scene I had just reviewed. Then make sure you check your sheet to make sure you got answers for each of your questions. Then head to the lab to meet the medical examiner to get cause of death and manner of death (suicide, homicide etc). Finally, you log in to the computer and submit your report. The computer will let you know how accurate you were and then, for $2.99, you can print out a csi completion certificate or for $12, they'll Photoshop you into a crime scene background. After you're finished, you can do the other crime scenes for $7.50.
I wasnt sure what to expect when I visited the CSI: The Experience.  I love the show CSI, so I was hoping that I would enjoy this.   You first check in... and you put on a jacket/vest to take a photo.  You can keep the vest/jacket on during the experience... I opted to take it off as I had my 2 year old and that is a experience in its self. Then you are taken to a briefing room and it goes over the instructions on the next set of rooms.  There are 3 different crime scenes and you are given 1 to examine.  You then study the crime scene from a close distance and mark on your paper basically what you see.  Throughtout the rest of the visit you go to different rooms that your crime scene number matches.  This part can be a bit confusing, as I somehow missed a couple of rooms, but because they were within another room.  You would need to complete all the sections to complete the experience so don't just skip over any rooms.   Once you have your form completed you sit at a computer and enter your finds.  Then you are told how well you did.   I was fortunate enough to visit this experience for free through a local card that I have but I don't think it is worth the price to charge to enter.  I am not too much of a reader so i didn't stop and read every little thing, but if you do it may be worth the price to you.  The items in the gift shop were also a little too over priced for me.   For a "discounted" price you can also visit one of the other 2 crime scenes that day.
My wife and I went to this exhibit because she is a CSI super-fan. We thought the experience was pretty fun. Our expectations were a little high because we thought we would be able to walk around a couple crime scenes and experience a few different things...but, now we realize that would have been very time consuming. The experience begins with you getting your pictures taken in a CSI outfit, the pictures are pretty fun and came out great. Then you get a message from Grissom about the case and you're assigned 1 of 3 scenes. As a CSI you go i and examine the scene and look for evidence etc. Chart everything, and then visit various booths to cross identify the evidence etc. It's a pretty fun experience. One let down was that the directions are not very clear and the CSI outfits appear old and run down. Other than that, a great way to spend 90 minutes making believer you're a CSI!
I had pretty low expectations for this experience but I thought it would make for a funny story. My BFF and I had a good time but the tasks were WAY too easy and all of the answers we basically handed to us. The staff were friendly and the kitsch factor was pretty high, including a  green screen photo shoot with toy guns, but overall it was OK. Not worth $20.
I guess my expectations were a little high going into this. I thought we were actually going to get to solve a make believe crime. But unfortunatly, after you leave the crime scene, the labs, etc.. give you all the answers. I expected to have more suspects to go through, but we were in and out of there in 30 min. It was really easy considering when you leave the crime scene they start giving you all the answers. The only thing that got me really excited was the fact that I guessed the calabar of the gun before entering the labs. But yes! in a really fast 5 min period, I got every single clue and then headed for the other areas, where the answers were just given out.. easily.. It put a few smiles on my face, but for the most part, I wished they would have made it  harder to solve..
I agree with Amanda - the fun comes down to your own excitement! When I first entered the exhibit, I had to put on a vest and was given a clipboard with a pencil and a sheet of paper. There was a lot to do! A lot of information to collect, fill out, and analyze. At first, it felt like a tedious job! I said are we paying them or are they paying us to do this!? Also, NO photos allowed inside! Boo! Not even in the front lobby! We entered the briefing room and watched a short video. The employee there explained that we would go to the crime scene, then proceed through the labs in whatever order we felt like. Okay...doesn't seem too hard. We went to the crime scene for our case "# 1" - "A House Collided" - which was a car that had crashed through a house - and there was a dead body (mannequin) in it. We had to take all kinds of notes about every detail at the scene, drawing it on our sheet of paper. From there, we had to wander around through the labs. There were so many... blood spatter, trace evidence, latent prints, shoe prints, tire prints, toxicology, digital evidence, DNA, autopsy, and probably a couple more I'm forgetting! I felt overwhelmed and like the experience was not that fun. I think what would have helped would be the guide sticking with us through the first lab. I think I would have been fine from there, but figuring out what to do initially was confusing. It took us less than 90 minutes to go through the entire thing. And the case really wasn't very hard to solve - once you had most of the info, you knew what was going on. A downside seems to be that it is 100% heavily scripted...so that you get the same experience - the same info and the same case and the same solution - every time. At least, with each crime scene. But there are only 3 crime scenes. So once you do all 3 crime scenes...that's it. You're done! Overall, I think it is a unique experience worth having at least once. But try to find a discount! Full price is a little insane!
My wife and I took my daughter and two of her friends here for her birthday. Service: The staff was unorganized. They were not customer service oriented at all. It was like we were cattle and they were just there to brand us and send us on our way. They asked why we were there and after telling them to do the CSI experience they took our money and just told us to step to the right. Nobody instructed us to let us know that we needed to put on a CSI vest or lab coat. It was not until we asked that we were told what to do. The lab coats smelled and had rings around the collar and the arm pits. Very gross. The vests were ripped and there was not enough for everyone.  The clip boards that we were given were broken and peeling. After taking a picture of our group in front of a green screen they just told us to go into a room where there was 6 seats. Yes 6 seats. This room was huge and they only had 6 seats that were placed at the back of the room. They told us to follow our color. He rambled off things quickly as if he was doing an auction and we were left standing there wondering what he just said. Experience: The overall experience of this attraction was good but I feel it could of been done better. You enter a crime scene where an entire crime scene is laid out for you to look at and take notes. Pretty cool. However when you get to the lab 1 area where you are suppose to review all of the pictures that were taken at the crime scene as well as all the evidence that has been collected you notice that there are HUGE differences between the actual crime scene you started at and reviewed and the pictures supposedly taken at the crime scene. There were so many things missing from the crime scene that were in the pictures it was ridiculous. It was confusing. The rest of the experience was good but things were not explained well at all and finding where you have to go was extremely confusing. How good the entertainment factor of the experience really depends on you and your group. There is no interaction with any staff at all when you are in the actual experience. I think the experience would have been a whole lot better if you had a guide telling you the story of the actual crime and guiding you through the rooms. Overall Review: Staff Unorganized and rude Experience is OK but it is what you put into it as a group that makes it good or bad.
It was fun.  There are 3 different crime scenes.  They are kind of easy, but it's nice if you like puzzle/mystery stuff.  The idea is you are the CSI, they give you a form to report info form the crime scene, and ask you questions at several different kiosks, where they have computers, and flat screens set up.  A video might explain general ideas, or the computers might ask you to do a super basic comparison/analysis.  They also have different "autopsy" rooms, where the coroner gives general info too.  The "bodies" are not gory.   If this was near me, and they changed up the crimes scenes all the time, I would go regularly. (I'm not sure that they do update crime scenes all the time though. Just be aware, the ticket price only includes 1 crime scene.  Cheezy pic is extra $, don't wear a green shirt or the "green screen" image might bleed over on you.
This place was a pretty interesting stop in my visit to Orlando. A huge fan of CSI and mystery novels, I had to stop by. I personally had fun on my visit. When you go in, you get assigned one of three crime scenes. You analyze the scene, take notes, and you go into different "labs" to figure out and piece all the clues together. It's interactive, but not SUPER interactive... Everything is already set up for you, so you just, for example, look into the microscope at the particles you found at the crime scene and write down what you see and connect in the clipboard they give you. No photos allowed inside, but they do take a photo of your party for you that you can later buy. Don't wear green, since it is green screened! If you solve the crime and fill out a survey, you can get this cool diploma that says you were smart enough to figure it out (or they just email the diploma to you if you don't want to fill out the survey). The average time is 45 minutes for your first crime, and supposedly 30 minutes for the second and 15 for the third. Fun place. If they changed the crime scenes, I'd probably go back :) However, I wouldn't go if I had no sense of imagination (ie, people who just can't pretend they're solving a crime and will just say everything's lame..). Four stars because I had a good time. It was $20 for the first scene and a additional $5 for another one.
My husband and I went here because we really didn't have the entire day to go to any of the theme parks.  We were pleasantly surprised at how much fun we had.  We were basically working on the clues for crime #2.  The place wasn't too busy.  It was basically like a puzzle game.  You looked at the crime scene, tried to solve the clues, and then gave your report at the end.  It's fun for families!!!!
The CSI Experience is definitely a fun activity to do on I-Drive, but I think the fun part has to come from your own excitement.  There are three crime scenes, each if which provide clues, and have their own CSI elements. There are morgues (I thought this was the coolest!), DNA labs, fiber analysis, etc.  everything is self guided.  I suggest spending the small amount more, per person, in order to do all three scene,s. It's worth the extra, and you get into a rhythm.  I could see some people feeling it was 'lame' but you definitely get what u put into it!!!
