Good food, great ambiance, cool spot in Downtown Disney. Had a late dinner here and was happy to hear they had a second happy hour from around 10 to close! Food was a little on the pricey side but definitely worth it. I had the Etouffee and while not the best I've had, it was good sized and tasted great. Had a handful of appetizers too (calamari, spinach dip, tenders) that were all typical. GREAT for groups. Went with ~12 people and the service was still quick & great and they were fine with us having separate checks (and it didn't take forever when the bills came)
We had lunch. The Grilled Rueben sandwhich was nothing special and my wife said her Roast Beef Au Jus sandwhich was equal to most any sandwich shop. The tortilla chips with spinach dip appetizer was pricey at $10 but the dip was very good. Our server was very nice and did a great job. The atmosphere was cool. It would have been a $50 lunch had I not visited restaurant.com beforehand to purchase a $25 certificate for $2 (search google for restaurant.com discount codes.) It was an okay lunch for $25. Had it cost me $50 I wouldn't be happy at all.
This place is friggen awesome. As a person with respect for music and all it's lovely culture (and a taste for food), I truly enjoyed my experience here. On top of the kick-ass music-inspired atmosphere, the food was incredibly enjoyable. The service was okay, but not disappointing enough to deter our experience. The last time in Disney, I really wanted to try this place but the line was out the door. This time, we were smart and made a reservation - something I definitely recommend as I understand it gets rather hectic. Our reservations were at 6:00, but we were running late because of Epcot shenanigans. We called to change the reservation times not once, but twice - and they were more then accommodating to change our times for us. A plus for them! When we arrived, we were seated immediately. It wasn't very crowded so maybe that's why - keep in mind this was Disney's off season. In addition, our food came quickly. Our waiter was...well, kind of an idiot, but a nice idiot. He was personable and willing to be helpful, but he dropped the ball on an occasion or two. He got the soup of the day wrong, but we had not known that until we got a different kind of soup. When we told him, he responded with "Well, hope you like it!" (he was at a loss for what do to) We got charged for the soups - and really, since it was not what we wanted and the waiter's fault for getting it wrong, they should have been complimentary. In my opinion anyway. But other then that, he refilled out drinks several times and came to check on us often. Maybe he was feeling guilty because of the soup. Annnyway, the food here was the best we had at Disney. The menu has a lovely array of tasty looking burgers, steaks and chops, appetizers, and fish. In addition, they always have a catch of the day, so if you're in the mood for fresh fish, this is a good spot to try out. I ordered the Flatiron Steak Salad and it was delicious. The steak was a little overcooked but tasty. The combination of greens, blue cheese dressing, and vegetables were all very good. And the vegetables were not overcooked! It made for a very lovely light meal. My cousin had the swordfish - the catch of the day. For a price of about $22.00, he received a decent size portion of fish, mashed potatoes and a vegetable. All for only $22.00! The fish was prepared really well - not overcooked and well-seasoned. The mashed potatoes were zingy, too. The other member of our part ordered the pasts dish (I forgot what it was called) but she really loved it. If you're staying in the Disney resort and are willing to venture into the Downtown Area, definitely try this place out. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is lovely. Not to mention the gift shop has awesome souvenirs. I will definitely be returning here during future visits.
The House of Blues is a great place to eat!  I recently visited Florida for a business trip and found myself right near Downtown Disney.  The food was great and they even have sweet potato fries!  Yum! We sat in the back of the restaurant which happened to look over a lake.  It was really pretty and it would probably be a great place to go for dinner when all the lights are on. At night they also have the live music happening, which is pretty cool to sit and watch/listen.  You can also get House of Blues merchandise at the store.  Very touristy, but cool nonetheless!
We enjoyed our meal here. The food, the service, the music was all good. The tables can be a little tight though, but we'll just switch it up next time. I really liked the lobster mac & cheese.
Good service, server was friendly and welcoming. We came 30minutes before they closed the kitchen. The late night.menu consists of burgers only. The burger itself was juicy. No sauce on bread though. The music was fun too.
Had the full rack rib with fries and baked beans. Not bad at all. Excellent taste and satisfying.  Great atmosphere as well.
Just wanted to give a brief update: I was contacted by a customer service rep after my review (kudos to them for being proactive) and was told that there's no way the box office could have helped in my situation. So... heads up: DO WILL CALL AT YOUR OWN RISK. You may not be given a ticket, depending on the responsiveness and availability of the ticket seller. Just because the rep contacted me personally and it wasn't really their fault, I'll give them another star.
Great decor and great music with garbage food and terrible service.
I could have sworn I had written a review already. This Aaron Sanchez guy is a genius. New menu, new dining experience. Amazing. The one big con is that it's in downtown Disney. House of Blues menu is the way to go for a great meal. I am not up to date with all the celebrity chefs but the server was telling is about Aaron Sanchez. I know it's pronounced differently and I am missing a tilde somewhere, but that's not the point. La Comida!!!  We got the jambalaya, the Juicy Lucy, the Street tacos, the bread pudding, and the rib eye steak. Holy mother of all that is delicious. This was exactly what we were looking for. @Tarajroth and I had come here years ago to hang out prior to having @xobejm. This place is 100 times better. The service has always been good here. The servers are always relaxed and chilled and yet work hard and have great personalities. Two thumbs up!!
The lobster Mac and cheese was to dieeee for! Excellent service and great ambiance. So yummy! Would love to go back.
We really enjoyed the steak quesadilla as an appetizer, along with each of our main courses.  I had the Heat Seeker burger, great flavor, and not overwhelming heat.
Of the theme park venues I will take House of Blues over the Hard Rock.  It is a better concert setting and like other HOB locations it has some character of its own.   The drink prices are a bit high but it is a theme park. Security seems to be a high priority which does slow down entering the building.
Besides being pricey, this is a great location to eat. Good service, good food. Kinda noisey but has a relax feeling. Has cool/weird artwork & good music on the open patio. Had a burger which was made perfect, lightly seasoned and the fries were pretty good. Daugther had the cheese pizza which she stated she loved.
For visiting the venue for the first time, it wasn't bad at all. This is a review of strictly the CLUB area. It is a pretty large venue. There are several bars around the venue. The bars were pretty slow at the service. Don't get me wrong, I understand with the amount of people it is hard to keep up with but I've seen faster service in a bar that is 100% packed in Downtown. It did not seem like the bartenders in HOB were just taking their time and didn't care to be there. Besides this, the venue itself is a huge place and has great acoustics for the events that go on there. If you are going here for a concert or event, I would definitely recommend checking it out. You're concert experience will definitely be great (with maybe the exception of the bar area)
Stopped in for some lunch in downtown Disney... It's standard tourist fare on the menu however my server was very personable and friendly and gave us a very pleasant experience.
I'm going to start the review by stating that this is regarding the restaurant only- I have been to other HOB's, and attended many a concert there- and had a blast every time, so I only assume that this is the same. This is, however, only the second HOB that I've eaten at- and had a pretty good meal. This building is located at the far end of the Pleasure Island side of Downtown Disney. They had recently renovated the menu to include a selection by celebrity chef Aaron Sanchez. After a long day at Hollywood Studios, the wife and I decided to swing on down to Downtown Disney for dinner and drinks. Was surprised to see that even though the place was packed, we were able to get seated immediately. We ended up grabbing seats at the bar, so we could grub, drink, and watch some TV. The bartender was friendly, and took care of us immediately. I was pretty bummed to see that they don't offer any draft beers, but they did have Sam Adams, so I was happy with that. The wife and I wisely decided to skip appetizers and just get the main meal. I went with the fried chicken, the wife lobster mac-n-cheese. Wow. The fried chicken was literally an entire chicken, this plate was HUGE-MONGOUS. Served with a delicious side of homemade mashed potatoes and coleslaw, this stuff was GOOD. A little heavy on the breading, but it was fried perfectly, tender and juicy, with a nice, crisp coating, it was absolutely delicious, especially mixed with a nice bite of coleslaw. The wife literally inhaled the lobster mac-n-cheese, she said it was the best tasting mac-n-cheese she'd ever had, and she loves mac-n-cheese. I was able to steal one bite- and she was dead on, holy crap that stuff was good. Everything tasted super fresh, was super delicious, the service was good, and I liked the atmosphere- very southern, very relaxed, very cool. There is also a bar located outside with live music- which would be a great place to grab a drink and chill after a long, hot summer FL day. They also offer up great concerts all the time here- if you're in the area be sure to check the calendar to see what's coming up. Anyways, loved the meal here- great food, price was a bit expensive, but I left FULL and had a great time. If they could put some draft beers in here- might be a five star joint. Definitely one of the better places to eat at Downtown Disney.
Friendly staff. We had a great waiter. I was worried about having the lobster Mac and cheese because of the reviews about it being watery but the waiter assured me that it's not because he has that plate regularly. So I ordered the lobster Mac and cheese and loved it!!! It was delicious and not watery as a review had said. My husband and son had the BBQ bacon burger and they absolutely loved it. Great atmosphere and music.
The food was delicious. The women's restroom was atrocious. I waited in line for 5+ minutes and almost saw a lady fall because of the wet bathroom floor. The first stall was out of order. The second stall had Lake Michigan on the floor and Lake Eerie on the toilet seat. Trash was everywhere. This is not a hole in the wall bar.... The food is delicious, the entertainment, and atmosphere are great- please clean up and repair your restroom.
The menu has good variety, and my burger was delicious! The fries were just o.k. so I would choose a different side, and I didn't like their version of pickles (spicy, and homemade, so they still tasted more like cucumbers instead of pickles). Overall though, I enjoyed my meal, and would love to come back and try the other items on the menu to see if they wow me. I'm giving it 3 starts because my friend's meal wasn't really enjoyable either! It seems as though you may want to try a menu item outside of what you would normally eat, and maybe that's where the hidden treasure is. I'd be willing to give it another try because I really enjoyed my burger!
5 stars for the great service & awesome outside music & bar area. It doesn't get much better on cool Florida day.
Visited on a Thurs night 5/20/2010. Upon arrival they had a very good sounding guy on the porch...all tables were taken so we moved inside.  While given a 20 minute wait we were seated in 5 minutes max. We ordered the gumbo as a appetizer and it was good, not fantastic but good. Next we ordered both the jambalaya and the ribs...the jambalaya was good but 1) very dry and 2) not worth $18.  For $18 you get a midsize bowl of rice, 1 four inch sausage cut in half and a few shrimp and chicken chunks....no sides or anything, $18 for a boul of rice and a small few proteins. Next the ribs.  DRY AS A BONE....some parts were burned.  These were the driest, crunchiest ribs I have ever had.  The flavor was good when not charred but for $24 with fries and a micro serving of slaw these were NOT WORTH THE $$$$. Glad I used a restaurant.com coupon, and then we spent $49...I would be pissed to have spent $75 for this meal and we drank water with no tea or alcohol. Also...given the name of the restaurant you would expect something in the blues playing over the system....while I love Foghat and classic rock why are they not  playing blues over the system??
Having been to Orlando alot, not all for holidays. I was always looking for different places to eat and not your standard american dinner. The House of Blues in Downtown Disney is great, they have fantastic music on in the resturant and also within the venue itself (always best to check online first). The food is also great along with service and price, simple food but very good and fresh ingredients. I would strongly recomend the House of Blues to anyone wanting to eat somewhere different or just experience good music and atmosphere. Free parking as its within the downtown disney area and all very easy to find - right next to Circ Du Soliel!
Service is 5 stars!  Waiter Tom from Chicago was great and very attentive.  My son's ribs were not good and he asked what else he would like with a smile and no ?s asked.  Manager was also great and came by to chat with us for about 5 minutes. Cornbread is excellent as is the lobster mac and cheese which we ordered as an app-not too cheesy. The only bad entree ironically was the ribs.  Not at all fall off the bone and sauce tastes like seasoned ketchup.  Shortribs are very good with a kick but small portion. Burgers are good too. Enjoy- just stay away from the ribs
13 days left and 14 people needed to check out this link so we can meet Sick Puppies here Oct 1st t.co/WkTP5WiQ2i
Cornbread. That should be enough to get you through the door. That little skillet of delicious-ness cannot be beat. Jump in, grab your menu, and make your decision. The longer you wait, the longer you wait for cornbread! The new menu was put together by Aron Sanchez of Food Network fame. Good food, a tad spicy, but very very flavorful. Steaks are amazing, as are the burgers and the sides. But, did I mention the cornbread? Don't forget dessert - it's that good as well. I love the vibe here in WDW and have been to the one in California at Disneyland as well. Both are good, but the Florida location is a notch better. Yummy and friendly service as well.
The food was great! We had great service. One of the girls was just sort of rude/nasty while the other was very personable. I had made reservations via the Disney app, the other two people who were meeting is were stuck in traffic I explained that I did not want to lose our table/ wait in line the rude hostess said well you will just have to wait till they get her we don't sit half a party.. Now if we had sat down we likely would have spent more money because we would have gotten an extra app because we were hungry.. Anyways out family arrived about 20 minutes after our reservation and then we were seated with in 10 more minutes. We enjoyed the food, our waitress was very nice and attentive but a rude hostesses made me not want to ever go back and or give the recommendation to go to HOB.
We ate here for our anniversary.  We each had a burger, the Juicy Lucy and the Heat Seeker.  The food is incredible!!!  It came out pretty quick too, though our server apologized that we waited.  they were totally swamped. And if we'd had to wait, it totally would have been worth it!!!! Everything was great!
Is a amazing place when you go with your friends. Normally i love go the sundays because is really crazy in there, nice people and good music is what you can find there
Very good! The menu has been redone by Arron Sanchez from the Food Network and it shows! The food is delicious and very fairly prices for being "on base" in the Downtown Disney area of the park! The live music outside was awesome the night we went and we didn't mind waiting for our order.
I will NEVER attend another concert here again! I was told it was SRO for the Styx concert on 4/12 only to find out that the entire upstairs area had seating. Imagine standing for 6 hours in a space less that 1 foot in diameter only to see seats were available! So the person at the box office lied to me. I was also told the "Pass the Line" people would be let in at 7pm only to be left outside until 7:45! LIE number two! By the end of the concert I had NO feeling in my legs and feet. We were literally crammed in there. I was also told that in order to be in that "Pass The Line" group we had to spend $20.00 PER PERSON at the restaurant only to find out that the guy behind us bought a beer for $3.00 and GOT IN! LIE number THREE. And ... to make matters worse, even though I probably would have paid anything to be at that concert, WMMO offered a "listener" reward of buy one get on free tickets with a special code. I paid $84 for STANDING ROOM ONLY GENERAL ADMISSION tickets and according to the prices posted on Ticket Masters website, that was NOT 2 for 1. So even though I was in TEARS by the time the concert ended it was worth it because my husband caught the "Rock To The Rescue" blanket that James Young tossed out (thinking it was a t-shirt and being kick ass happy that it was more) and a guitar pick straight from Tommy Shaw's sweaty hands. So even though we probably wont ever go to another concert there, if we're ever near DTD (which will not be for a long time) I would go back JUST for the restaurant.
Always crowded, but somehow the wait melds into part of the experience at this destination. The food is always pretty good. The service is always ok but could be better, but somehow each time I dine here I love it sooo much I cannot wait to go back. We were vacationing and it was so hot. We settled for a bottle of wine and beers by the glass topped with 3 appetizers to share between the three of us. We couldn't eat everything, the flatbread pizza is a definite must get because its so large and easy to share. The patio is really nice too with the live music and the great thing about being trapped in Disneyworld is that everyone seems to be happy so you can't help being happy too !!!
I really like this place. My boyfriend and I came back in February and tried it again. We wanted to come for dinner so when I called they told me they served food until late. Well when we get there the only thing I didn't like is first come first serve tables, so you have to walk around and hope to find a table (this was very weird) but we luckily found a table were we can still see the band (another reason we like this place - live music). I was so excited I wanted some of their pasta dishes I saw on line (they have a new orleans feel), well we get there and it's a limited menu because it was after 10pm or 11pm. I was so upset because when I had asked this wasn't specified. We were already there so we decided to get a gumbo soup and share, I got the pepperoni pizza and my BF got the catfish fingers. Everything was super Delish from the gumbo which had lots of vegis and chicken and not too spicy, to the pepperoni pizza which was just cheesy melt in your mouth good to the the first time eating catfish and it was moist and melted in your mouth. The drinks here are really good too, they don't serve a splash of rum with coke, they serve it just perfect with enough rum and a little coke for your mouth. We will definitely come here again, next time earlier so I can try their dinner menu out.
Service Industry Night has always been one of the best nights in Orlando. I'm not sure who the DJ is now, it used to be Jimmy Joslin. I saw Outkast for the first time in concert here. It was great!
Came here for dinner on our 1st night of our trip to Disney. I was very leary of trying it, being a chain and all, but I figured why not. It was on the dining plan and the menu looked awesome. I got shrimp and grits, and it was spicy and perfect. Can't tell you what anyone else got because I had my face in a bowl of grits, it was awesome. The outdoor area is nice. A guy was playing all alone on a stage while we had a beer before dinner. I can imagine it'd be a fun place for late night but we didn't stay that late.. I'd go again for sure!
I thought I was at burger king until my check for my two whopper value meals came out and was $40. Save yourself some money and drive thru a burger king... its the same thing.
I had lunch with a friend here last weekend.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries.  The texture of the meat was odd, the flavor was ok but it seemed slimy maybe.  I doubt I would go back.
The management wrote me and apologized for the experience and customer service is important to me. Plus, the rest of my party did like their meals. With customer service like this, I would be willing to give House of Blues another try next time I am in Orlando.
There's nothing like a comforting meal with a band playing in the background and getting your grub on with friends.  The place wasn't all that packed for a Saturday night and I was happy that we didn't have to wait for a table.  The four of us had a cocktail or two.  Our waitress got my wrong, but I still accepted it.  I mentioned that I wanted a screwdriver twice and I got a vodka cran.  I believe it may of been the bartender's fault since the bar was slammed.  Either way, it wasn't the end of the world.  I didn't like the drink.  It was just kind of bland.  On the other hand, the meal was delicious.  The meatloaf was seasoned and spiced beautifully while the mashed potatoes and peas were not.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals and it was a nice time out overall.
If you want an excellent club night on Sunday nights this is the only place to go!! Service industry night is hands down the most fun in Orlando! the light show and djs they have are the best, they play awesome club dance music and the girls are so hot! trust me this is the big leagues with Disney backing it up nothing is second class here.
We tried the house of blues in downtown disney because we heard it was good. Overall, we had a good time and the food was very tasty. The wait staff was friendly and very helpful. Try the ny strip or the burger. Both were enjoyed by our group.
Bar was ok, but wish it stayed open later. I've been to the HoB in other cities, the Disney one is what you'd expect from a tourist "fun park" which means it's not as bar-like as a real HoB bar. Music wasn't jamming, there's no dancing etc.
Has the best incense sticks in all of Orlando. Whenever I'm there I buy at least 50.
Food was ok service was ok but to busy and took a while to get food. Some items seemed expensive while others  were in line for a Disney experience. Better than other good options.
Well, its better than BB Kings. I really like that the restaurant and club are seperate. More comfortable dining atmosphere. The food was ok, nothing special, but good. Service was nice. They have gift certificates available on restaurant.com , so I will most likely be back.
Walked in on a very slow day - place nearly empty - and was met and ignored by gum chewing hostess . Finally told no outside table aervice but we could order from bar to go and take outside. Spent five minutes being completely ignored by bartender who kept disappearing into back, chatting w other customers and serving two different people who walked in well after us. We were clearly standing w menus and waiting to order and as place was almost empty it was impssible not to notice us. We r neat and well groomed and felt confused and embarrassed so we left. This has not happened to me before. I say stay away from this place - really unusually rude staff .
can't say nothing bad about this place, it has basically been one of my main portfolios for hosting the night scene over my radio career. Every-time i experience HOB is a complete different experience from any club I've ventured by in central Fla.. The lights, sound and spacious concert hall feeling multi level structure really ads lots of dramatic value to the night club feel and definitely concert venue feel!! Best place to experience a concert from your favorite performer, next time you're in town.
We went there last week when we were in Disney for lunch.  I loved the shrimp and grits but my husband  and daughter were  so so on the burgers. We all agreed the Bourbon bread pudding was the best thing we ate. But the wait was horrible- we waited forever for our entree. Another family we went with went to another restaurant and were finished by the time we got our entree. So, we disappointed with the service- thus 3 stars.
One of the only locations on property with happy hour; the bar/restaurant has 4$ well drinks and other deals 3-5pm and 10 to close. I had a spicy turkey burger there by recommendation of the bartender and it was an instant favorite. They'll have live music often, being HoB and all, and they have their club/music venue right next door and that's really great. Dinner then concert just a few steps away. I saw Regina Spektor at their music venue and had an absolutely magical time.
Great little venue for live music!
There is only three seats in the waiting section.. otherwise, you need to go outside in Florida humidity to sit down.. or just stand the whole time. Not cool. Our wait time was only going to be '20 minutes' but ended up being close to 45 minutes. The food was okay, nothing to write home about. I felt like the chicken sandwich I ate was from Burger King.
Good atmosphere, live music...who doesn't know the HOB? The service was above par and they had a kick ass band when we went, but I heard the acoustics are better at some other places. We had an under-ager with us and this was one of the few places we could hit up late at night that also had live music. It's a good atmosphere for small groups and the food was decent. If you're craving sweet potato fries, this is the place to hit up!
Fun atmosphere. The steak salad was a pretty unique one. Looked like a soggy mess but tasted good.
Overpriced, over-seasoned food. Jambalaya had a weird medicinal taste. Service was super slow.
Great bar, sit outside if there's room and don't bother with the food. Great live music of course, and it's just a cool place to hang out.
Service was extremely slow. After waiting for 30 min after we ordered, we finally asked where our food was. "oh, yeah, they're pulling out of the window now" she said.  Another 5 minutes passes before we saw out food.  By now, the food was warm at best.  Fries were cold. The cheese on the burger had been melted but now was solid again.  It was obvious everything had been sitting in the window way too long.......ICED TEA WAS $3.25!!!!!  what a rip off.
Meh, food and beer not great, but ambiance is nice and staff is friendly. In my quest for good craft beer, I thought I would give it a try. I walked back to the bar where...ready for it?...they didn't have anything on tap! Bottles only. I felt trapped so ordered a Magic Hat, which was OK, but not life changing. I was super hungry so ordered the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. I don't know why I tried bbq someplace other than home, Kansas City, and specifically not from Oklahoma Joe's. (Look it up! Best BBQ in KC!) The sandwich was OK. The sauce tried to cover the fact that the pork was pretty dry. The fries were just OK too. A few were pretty soggy. Overall a meh. Better food and beer selection at other places nearby.
Amazing food, great decor, staffs' great personalities--so many reasons to come to this location of the HOB. What about the cool souvenir store? Oh and don't forget the great concerts next door!
I don't even like grits but the shrimp and grits was amazing!  Will absolutely do that again...
This is a review about the concert venue, not the restaurant. Hands down, I think this is the top location in the I-4 corridor to see a show. It's just intimate enough that you can be close to the band but yet it's easy to get tickets for most shows. The acoustics are excellent. There is plenty of bar space to order drinks. The theater design is like Disney's take on goth. Lot's of art and sculptures on the walls give it a real dark and mysterious feel. The layout is prefect, even if you're on the balcony you feel close. Being in downtown Disney, yeah, it's a big cheesy but you benefit from being close to dinning, having a HUGE parking lot and in a very safe/clean location. If a band you like is playing here, you have no excuse to stay home. Go!
House of blues service industry Sunday nights rock. they have great sound  and lights, and usually a very good dj. The place gets very full of partygoers 19 and up. The drink prices are high as others have noted.
Located in the heart of downtown Disney sits the House of Blues.  I had the pleasure of experiencing House of Blues for the 1st time last month when I attended the Thirty Seconds to Mars concert.  I really, really dig this venue!  It reminded me somewhat of Hard Rock Cafe, maybe a little smaller, but not by much if I had to guess.  The space is intimate but spread out just right.  There are plenty of little functional areas where one can hang out with a view of the stage while waiting for the show to start.  The staff are attentive and friendly- the night I was there, the cocktail waitress was walking through the crowd taking orders and she was very prompt and organized considering how busy it was.  Overall this is one of my new favorites venues for live music!  Good sound quality as well!
Whenever I get a chance I do go dancing here only on Sunday nights.  It is service industry night and i believe its free if you are a server of some kind and you need proof.  Get on glist if you don't want to wait in the long long line.  Drinks are free before midnight for ladies.  They have 2 hot model go go dancers.  Some ppl like to break dance on the main floor but its crowded there.  The Dj's play good dance music.  They have like 3floors.  The bathroom upstairs is quicker.  There is also outdoor patio near the front or top floor.  I've had great times when i went. Sometimes it can get really crowded with tourist and locals.
I've been to six HoBs. I love the food, the drinks, and the concerts. The Sunday Gospel Brunches are so good. Here in Orlando, I can tell you the Gumbo is great and has a little special taste to it. I always ask for Louisiana Hot Sauce to kick it up a notch. BUT here, you have to get the Mojo Mojito! The only other one I've tasted better was at the Doubletree Ocean Point Resort & Spa in North Miami Beach. The bartender was from England! :)
Oh House of Blues, you tried, you really did, but I don't know that I'll be going out of my way to see a show there again anytime soon. The pillars in this place SUCK. I want to smack whoever designed those things. We got there late due to unforeseen circumstances and the place was literally packed to capacity. I ended up on the far side at the end of the wheelchair ramp stuck behind a pillar where I could only see half the stage at a time. My super tall friend could see fine, but being relatively short I had no hope. I tried going upstairs, but unless you can get right up by the railing don't even bother. The sound was great, but that was about all HOB had going for it. Beer was overpriced and I just wasn't feeling the setup.
We came here for lunch on a Friday. We came right around opening time at 11:30 so we were seated right away. They sat us in the back room so we a had nice view of the water. It was also a nice reprieve from the chaos of Disney dining. It was quiet and spacious in comparison. I had a veggie burger and my fiancee and had the pastrami sandwich both with sweet potato fries. The food was decent...sorta reminiscent of a TGIF. The veggie burger was bland---I put a lot of the hot sauce on. Tasted like a frozen one that they reheated. The restaurant has a lot of New Orleans decor and is a nice space for hanging out and drinking late at night, but if you are looking for good food--I recommend going elsewhere unless you're a huge house of blues fan.
I haven't eaten in the restaurant in ages, but it's a cool place to chill for drinks.  I go every now and then to meet up with some friends.  Go when Ruth King is playing on the patio.  She's fabulous!  I've also hung out at the bar inside.  The bartenders were all very friendly and we had a great time!
We go to live shows at the music venue quite often, it's a great place to see a show.  Can get packed, but usually you can find a good place to stand and enjoy a show.  We've been in the restaurant side a few times to see Bobby Lee Rodgers trio and they seem to have pretty good happy hour food and drink specials.  We've only had a few food items and they were your typical salty bar food type stuff - pizza, dips.  Have never sat down for a meal here so can't really comment on the food experience.
I went here to see the Backstreet Boys last month. They are my favorite band so i had to come and see them again for the third time. I flew all the way from Nebraska to just see them. But, on with the review of the venue... First off the staff was not very friendly. My friend and I arrived at downtown disney hob around 09:30 to get the pass the line. So we were one of the first people to get in line. I asked the staff member if we were in the right spot for the pass the line and his response was "Does it look like I'm not doing my job". The show was sold out and very busy, we decided to eat lunch there I had the grouper sandwich, and she had a bbq burger, with a dessert to do the pass the line thing. The food was okay... And of course it was disney price. After lunch it was around noon and the line for the show was already near cirque do soloui... And many people bypassed us in the line. There were people jumping over barricades to meet friends, and some who would just randomly jump in line in front of us. The show didn't start till 19:00-20:00 so we had a very long wait in line... The staff would not let us sit down and would tell us to stand up and randomly move us. By the time the doors opened for the show it was like a stampede, i'm a short little Asian girl and my friend  is very sickly so that wasn't very pleasant for us. We were both pushed and shoved, while everyone was trying to find good "seats, its standing room only. Except for some tables if your lucky to get those, or have vip for the balcony. I didn't really care where we stood since I already seen the boys twice but I was just irritated with the staff. It was also a very small venue, so be prepared to "make friends" with who ever your standing by, you will not have any personal space. I will most likely never go back to the venue but I did have a great time seeing my favorite band. The tickets were overpriced, same for the food. I saw bsb earlier and paid 35 dollars for one ticket in st Louis, one ticket at hob cost me $89, they didnt pay a full set at the hob either.
Have eaten here and seen so many shows that I figured bout time I write a review. 1) Food: I love the restaurant.  They have great food. Not just everday stuff. Just everyday stuff with flavor. Burgers are great,  wings are great and the sandwiches are awesome.  Service is always spot on. 2) Venue: They do a great job at booking acts there.  The only downside to the venue is when its full, your sightlines for the show can be limited. Other than that the staff is great and it always sounds good too.
Tip top. The food here was the best I'd had on my trip to Orlando, and I enjoyed good service seated at the bar. I don't go for Louisiana food in restaurants that aren't physically located within the confines of the state of Louisiana because as a former resident I'll surely be disappointed. Ergo, I skipped right on past the shrimp creole, jambalaya, etc. and opted for the full rack of ribs and was blown away at how good they were. I haven't had ribs that good in, um, well... it's been a long time.... lots of good, tender slow-cooked meat with good smokiness and a really tangy sauce. Coupled with several Yuenglings (which they *really* need to start selling in Chicago), I was a happy guy. The service was good- Brian, the bartender, was a great bartender and kept the Yuengling flowing. The prices here are actually much more reasonable than some of the other restaurants in Downtown Disney. It's not cheap, but compare the prices with Fulton's Crab House (which was disappointing according to everyone I talked to) and this will seem cheap by comparison. This place tends to host a lot of private parties for the many conferences that come to the area, so if you try to go one night and it's jammed, come back the next night and it may be a lot less crowded. Also, all of the restaurants in downtown Disney start clearing out by 7:30 or 8 so it's not terribly hard to miss the crowds. Also, lots of people come here before the Cirque De Soleil shows next door, so it tends to clear out a little bit once the show starts. Granted, I was visiting at an off-peak time of year so it could be different when you go.
In any city you usually can't go wrong if you visit the House of Blues. I didn't realize that the food was so good though. Had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and the sinful choclate cake with ice cream. Yummy, yummy. The bartenders were awful though. One star off for that. Not efficient and not that friendly. The rest of the staff was grewat however. Had really good live music just outside where people could sit, drink and enjoy. Another place where adults can play and there aren't that many children.
I've been to House of Blues more times then I can count. After going to see one of my favorite bands, Band of Horses, I thought it would be a good time to Yelp about it since I've seen BoH at two other venues. The first time I saw BoH was at The Social and the second was at a skate park in Tampa. Needless to say the sound quality at House of Blues was far superior. Since I LOVE BoH I had to get as close as possible. I had a meeting before the show so I met some friends who were saving me a spot down on the floor about 10 feet back in the center. If you get to a show at the House of Blues late you have two choices, stand to the side and try to see around the massive pillars or risk your life by trying to push your way through the crowd on the floor. If you do make it up front, be prepared to strain your neck looking up at the band the whole time. (I did go to a show there once where they had chairs set up and assigned seating. It was really awkward and I hope they don't have shows like that often) I prefer my music venues to be a little closer to the downtown Orlando area since I go to a lot of concerts, but at least the parking at House of Blues is convenient, ample, and best of all, free. Normally I wouldn't fault a venue for something another company does, but I will say that I HATE buying tickets to the House of Blues through Ticketmaster. Their fees are absurd. You used to be able to call the box office and buy tickets directly but now they re-route your call to Ticketmaster. You can still avoid the extra fees by going to the box office, but who has time to drive to Disney.
The food at the House of Blues restaurant rates only okay.  For a soul food restaurant, the menu offers a  wide variety of entrees, each with Louisiana flare.  Reading the menu, everything sounds deliciously gourmet, but he po boy I ordered did not  impress me much.  I do thoroughly enjoy the wraparound porch and bar for cocktails before heading over to the hall for a show.   Speaking of shows at HOB....I only go if I absolutely can't resist the headlining act.  You can be sure that any scheduled show includes an opening act that usually plays for about an hour, then everyone stands around for at least another 45 minutes so the bar can make lots of money, only then will you finally get to see whoever it is that you paid to see.  Even though this entire waiting game annoys me to no end, I will say that HOB is an okay venue.  The multiple levels with ramps makes for plenty of standing room, but stake your spot early so you can see the stage and don't get stuck behind a pole; several well placed closed circuit TV screens become handy when you get tired of peaking at the stage between heads; the multiple bars run the entire length of the building; and they have a great balcony for a change of scenery or smoke filled air.  Security at HOB does not play, or even smile for that matter.  They all take their jobs very seriously, so avoid the yellow shirts at all costs--they usually don't hassle anyone without cause, so just mind your p's and  q's.   I've always wanted to try Gospel Brunch at the restaurant, but haven't made it yet.  Anyone know what it's all about?
Good service, good food.  This house of blues is very nice.  I had the corn bread and turkey and shrimp gumbo.  This place is worth a try.
I am giving this place 4 stars only because it is a cool place.  The food is more like 3 stars, service is maybe a 2.  The wait, for a Monday night at that, was ridiculous! We waited about an hour for a table.  The food was ok, the service was lacking.  But, again, the place is visually so cool that it was totally worth it.  If I am ever back in the area, I will be back!
I used to love this place, it was good southern style food... now I went recently and it seems they have a "new" menu that is trying to become all fancy... but... this is the house of blues, blues brings to mind good "home style" southern food... which the new menu is lacking a lot
Monday night my boyfriend and I had an AMAZING time at the concert!  Flogging Molly was great as usual. The food however was discusting!  HOB should be ashamed at the food served in the music hall.  I think the bartender felt bad for us which makes me believe that the company knows how awful their food is.  I will be back for another show, but I'll eat before I get there.
This was the first place we had dinner at after arriving at Disney and I was pleasantly surprised - I was really expecting the worst.  We shared the turkey gumbo and the spinach, feta pizza - thin crust, just the way I prefer it.  The gumbo had good flavor and while the texture was more of a soup than a gumbo, I didn't mind after sitting in a plane all day.
Great little place. I went to a music venue and it was really nice. They had everything under control and the area that its in is really nice. Behind downtown disney so its not very crowded but good place to go to a venue.
Unless you go to happy hour, expect to pay quite a bit for drinks. The club has a pretty good selection of bands. No smoking inside, which I love. Easy free parking and access to the club from Downtown Disney.
Considering most of the tourist district and accompanying options are lackluster, canned, manufactured, etc. the House of Blues has great food that is very unexpected in the best way! This includes one of the best chain restaurant desserts, Banana Bread pudding! I like HOB!
Good food, great service. They also have a bar outside to listen to their live music and relax
Service was bad , outrageously expensive and food was horrible.  Ordered a  pasta dish and it was more like here is your bowl of oil with a side of pasta.  Avoid this place.
Great Service. have the macaroni and Lobster. So much lobster and big chunks! Wow what a great combination.
This place was a good find for us during our recent Disney vacation.  A good change of pace from the park restaurants with reservation craziness and lines.  We were able to get a table without a wait at 6 pm on a recent Friday and had a great time. The atmosphere is a good combination of road house, Cajun/bbq joint, yet is family friendly.   The server, Ryan, was exceptional and I swear he brought our drinks and subsequent refills in record times. The food was very good-the fried chicken was a huge plate of food and the buttermilk batter was coated so heavily, it couldn't be finished.  My son's ribs were good and the bbq sauce was great-perfectly tangy, yet not too think or thick-tasted good with fried or on the ribs.  My younger son enjoyed the grilled cheese. The highlights (I'm writing the review, so this gets its own paragraph) were the shrimp and grits that I had and the bread pudding for dessert  The shrimp were tail on, but perfectly grilled on a lightly fried cheese grit cake.  The sauce was incredible-a spicy, slightly creamy pepper sauce with yellow and red grape tomatoes.   It was worth the heartburn later! I'm always leery of the big chain entertainment/music themed venues like this (Hard Rock Café, Planet Hollywood), but will try other locations throughout future travels and would come back to this House of Blues for sure.
Unique food option for a casual dining joint, especially unique amongst all the other crap at Downtown Disney. Even for a table of 7 on a Friday night it was only a half hour wait, which wasn't as bad as I expected. Service was good considering they have to put up with families with small children all day.
This place was great. The atmosphere was wonderful and the experience I had was awesome. Our waiter was great and really helped us pick something out that was really good. We got shrimp and grits with a fried grit cake and it was out of this world. It was slightly spicy and we got a side of sour cream and it was amazing. I loved this place and would go back again if I was given the chance to.
Service was excellent.  Food was pretty good.  Having a restaurant.com coupon for $25 off was great!
I love the vibe in here comfortable take off your shoes sit and watch TV while enjoying your food. The servers have really cool clothes on and they are very very nice , make you feel really comfy and at home:) I wish this was in Baltimore! !   Oh and ask for Phil as the server he is THE BEST THE FOOD IS THE BEST!!!
This spot is cool if you really like music and are ok with food that is kind of typical of a chain restaurant.  It was a little better than the usual, I must say.  I had the gumbo which was not that great.  I also had the crab and artichoke dip which made up for the not so good gumbo.  My daughter had the voodoo shrimp, which was pretty tasty.  The bbq burger is what my husband got and he said he really enjoyed.  I don't know that I'd choose to eat here again, but it was nice to try it out.
This was a wonderful treat after a long day at the Magic Kingdom. Thanks to other reviews we went with the shrimp and grits and lobster mac n cheese. AMAZING!!! The only thing we would suggest is ordering 2 grit cakes with the shrimp and grits. My boyfriend loved the sauce so much he asked our waiter for a slice of bread to soak it up, which he happily brought us. Alex, our server, was friendly and very knowledgeable about not only the menu but also about other activities going on around the parks! We will definitely be back on our next trip!
Very cool atmosphere and great place for a big group. Wish we had one in SLC.
Great patio area with live music and we had an awesome server! This is a great place to relax and enjoy an afternoon and/or evening.
Atmosphere is very noisy and live. Restaurant decor is interesting with painting and vibrant color schemes. The food was pretty good, i had the jambalaya and some of my wife's babyback ribs. i was pleased with the service, the server was courteous and didn't have to ask for a refill. Food is a bit pricey. This spot would be something you can go to once in a blue moon. But where was the blues music? maybe next time we go, there will be some.
This is one of the better options in Downtown Disney's dining spots. I've been to a few of their locations and this is on par with quality and atmosphere. We stopped in twice while we were here and left happy both times. The ambiance really helps for a great experience. The food is all very good and even though they can get incredibly packed at times, the service is still great. The only negative I really had with it is that they have have no draft beers and only rely on bottles/cans. Aside from that though, the selection is great. I had a southwest grilled chicken sandwich that was fantastic, along with a perfectly seasoned cup of seafood gumbo. My wife had the french dip which was one of the better cuts of beef I've seen in a long time in a sandwich.
Excellent excellent excellent!  Best meal so far in Orlando!  Aaron Sanchez is the new exec chef and it's amazing!
House of blues is probably one of the better locations in the area. Their professionalism and attentiveness is superb. If you have the opportunity to have JP as your server, I definitely recommend it.
There are better places around then this; food is average and overpriced I would suggest moving on to anything besides HOB
The Parking here sucks as always. Good thing they are building those parking garages...but I guess then the last of the free places to park will be gone. Disney and free are never in the same sentence but I digress... So House of Blues...we came to see The Molly Ringwalds an exceptionally talented 80s cover band. If you even have the chance to see them, GO!   Staff is always friendly (in my experience) The line was long and they had us waiting in the snaking line outside, in Florida, in August! Brutal!! BUT, you can drink in line, so grab a beverage from the walk up bar and hurry up and wait. The doors opened a little late but fortunately the place fills out fairly evenly so We found our favourite place to stand...no I'm not sharing our secret spot with you:) it was packed by the time the show started. I'd like this place much better if the didn't allow kids! Watch Groupon for stellar deals on admissions, come early, wear comfy shoes and be patient.
Flew Down for hp but met family here first night it was a great atmosphere cool music and the gumbo is Delish just and over all great place
HOB in Orlando is a pretty nice place. We've never been there to eat actually so my review will be dedicated towards their night-life happenings... 1st off, be prepared for very tight security! They go over things with a fine toothed comb, lol. Don't be ignorant and try bringing stuff in that you know you shouldn't and you'll be fine. - No SLR cameras though. (Which sucks!) They have to be 1 piece cameras, no changeable lenses. They have 2 bands in particular who are fairly regulars on their HOB stage: SoulSwitch, and Leaving Haven. SoulSwitch is more of your heavy metal ( or alternative metal at the very least I would guess) sound!  These guys have talent oozing from their pores and will always leave you feeling pumped up and full of energy!  If you have a chance to see these guys there, DO NOT pass it up!  We love them and they freaking ROCK! As for Leaving Haven...me and my peeps all agree that these dudes; and a babe, should already be famous! They exude energy during their performance, they're all around nice people (We've spoken with them several times) who are down to earth and not snobbish at all. They get the crowd interacting almost as though it's 2nd nature, and they never disappoint the hordes of people who come out to see them. Leaving Haven tears it up, just the way we like it! Never, ever miss a chance to catch when this band is playing, if you do you'll be missing out on one of the greatest new bands in the country! It's always worth it for us to drive all the way to the other side of the state just to listen to and meet them.
House of Blues in Downtown Disney is fine.  It has a nice bar and good atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I guess my only issue, and this being my first time to the House of Blues for food, is that I thought the menu would be more eclectic and gourmet than it was.  I cannot say that House of Blues is any better than Macaroni Grill.  I like Macaroni Grill and eat there often.  The price point is about the same also.
I came here to watch Erasure. The concert was good, the place looks really cool, like the movie Road House on steroids. The lighting in this place is really great. The sound were I was wasn't as ear as the bass overpowered the sound from the instrumental portion of the music played. It could also be where I was standing that caused the reverb from the base bouncing off the walls. Overall it was a good place with a nice staff.
Good atmosphere, fun bbq food and an amazing staff.
We have been to a few shows at the House of Blues and they have always been wonderful. The sound is generally good, the atmosphere is nice and not smokey which is great! If a Meet & Greet is set up with the artist you are seeing, it's usually well planned and not hectic. We have also eaten here once, but were not as satisfied. The food was ridiculously expensive for what it was, and it tasted very frozen. The waitress we had was very lifeless and boring...it was not what I was expecting from a place with such a great venue. Overall, we would love to see a show here again but we won't be buying food here!
The food was good...the same quality as what I would expect when I visit the restaurant in Las Vegas.  The service here today though was the best I had ever experienced.  We did not have to wait of ask for anything.  Our server was on top of her game.
Don't eat here...  Even with a reservation you will wait an hour.  You will wait 20 minutes just to get to the hostess... Food is mediocre to say the least.  Music is dining room is non-existent. No better than Abblebees...
My first visit since the menu change. Very disappointing. There were 8 in our group and only 2 thought the food was tasty..they were both children who ate mac and cheese and a hot dog. from the kid's menu. The ribs were dry, the burgers were dry, the shrimp and grits was unremarkable and the meatloaf had no flavor and was covered in what tasted like spaghetti sauce. The Ahi Tuna was tasteless. The bright spots were attentive service, tasty jalapeno cornbread and the voodoo shrimp.  We have been to the restaurant many times in the past and this is the first disappointing evening we have had. I won't return anytime soon. Definitely not worth the nearly $300 tab.
I'm giving them 5 Stars for the concert venue - which is my personal fave - and 4 Stars for the food. The food at the shows is bar food, so expect that. However, they really do have a good selection of food and drinks from the main restaurant. My recommendation is to go during non-rush times early; like if you're seeing a movie early. I stress GO EARLY. Evenings at Downtown Disney are a bit of a ruckus. Their main entrees are huge, so split them with someone. Try the jambalaya. What I recommend is getting the street tacos and a couple of margaritas if going as a couple. If you're bringing kiddos, then spilt two entrees and get their version of New Orleans BBQ shrimp. I forget what they call it but it's quite good. Concerts here are fantastic, and the area is safe for all. It's Disney, so expect that touch of quality.
By far the best Red Beans and Rice I have ever had. AWESOME cornbread! I love the whole ambiance and the menu was rounded out with food for everyone's taste. Simple comfort food. Great service, staff is energetic and friendly. All in all good experience. I did not get to experience any live shows during my visit but I will be back!!!
Noooo!! House of Blues changed their head chef a couple years ago along with the southern/cajun menu completely! Now South of the Border inspired, I was disappointed to find they no longer serve crabby artichoke dip or etouffee. We started with the Voodoo Shrimp and a House of Blues salad; both were okay. The Voodoo Shrimp was definitely on the sweet and creamier side, which isn't my preferred taste for seafood... I had the Spicy Chicken Pasta for my main course and had it sent back. It was borderline inedible. Replaced it with the Fresh Catch of the Day, and my salmon fillet was delicious! The two dishes were like night and day! Overall, I'm still bummed the menu changed but the service remains on point with an amazing and friendly staff.
An excellent reataurant in Downtown Disney overlooking the lake toward the resort of Saratoga Springs. Serve good food from the south. Portions here are huge and prices very reasonable. Small area out the front to sit and have a drink with outside bar and often a musician as well. Seperate area for music nights with artists playing most nights. Very popular for sunday gospel brunches. Small shop next door selling Blues memerabelia
Fantastic dinner spot in Downtown Disney!! There was a bit of a wait (as with most places there) when we were there but we hung out on the deck and has some drinks while we waited for our table which was nice. It seemed that a lot of other patrons did the same. Inside was nice too - funky and fun atmosphere! Our server was great - one of the best we had while in Orlando! He recommend various items to try and gave us drink recommendations. The food... Amazing. We tried the Voodoo Shrimp for an appetizer and it was divine! And the cornbread? Delicious (and I'm not a jalapeño fan). We all had different entrees. I had the St. Louis ribs which were so good I wanted to keep eating despite being stuffed! Great side items too. Classic American BBQ - loved it. I also sampled my parents' dishes.... The Lobster Mac and Cheese was the best I've had. Nothing else has compared! The steak salad was also wonderful. I will definitely go here again when I'm in Orlando. One of my top places there!!
I love the cocktails they have at the bar outside.  Every drink I had here was great, and I really liked the atmosphere.  The shows I've been to here were fantastic.  It has the feel of a small venue without being run down like similar venues elsewhere.  The food here is also good.
I have been there before and enjoyed my meal thoroughly, I ordered the same thing this time and was not the same, I got the parmesan crusted pasta with a spicy sauce, it was very tasty but greasy. I also ordered the jerk wings and they were delicious. Its a fun restaurant and the food is of good quality and nice portions. Overall its a great place and I would go back...
Actually really good food, A little overpriced but hey its at Disney...fun atmosphere and it is a great venue for concerts."
We just ate here tonight and it was great. Our server Jacob was super attentive and made sure our drinks stayed full. We started with the voodoo shrimp which was delicious and we shared a juicy Lucy burger which was equally as good. It's a bit touristy but still good.
my friends and i went here for a bite to eat before going to see Cirque du Soliel - La Nouba.  walked right in and were seated immediately.  Service was very good.  Staff was very friendly.   I had the Smoked pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries.  the pulled pork was good and the bbq sauce on top was awesome.  the sweet potato fries were some of the best i've had.  these were actually crispy.   would definitely go again.
I had VIP/backstage passes to see The Pretty Reckless - great band, but the venue staff were horrible. We were hassled by the event staff all evening, telling us where we could not sit/stand and nobody had a clue what we could do - they only knew what we couldn't. Finally the band's tour manager came to our rescue, but the event staff continued to bother us throughout. I'll tell the band to schedule a different venue on their next visit to Orlando. NOT recommended.
Sunday brunch very disappointing.  Buffet food below par and most of our party had mild food poisoning.  Music was good but for price not worth it.
So we have eaten here about 8 years now and we always know we can get am OUTSTANDING burger here!!! Such a cool place to eat and we always get the most rockin' of wait staff!!! Big burger!! Literally you must cut them in half to eat!!! And damnit the Fries are soooo good!!! Great drinks great food awesome staff!! GO EAT A BURGER!
Located in Downtown Disney, this is good for nice leisurely lunch or late dinner. I go here for the full bar, when I want to relax. The service is great and the food is good. Unfortunately, they do not accept Dining Plan. Once in a while they have music talent performing.
We were in Orlando for a week long meeting.  They always start early and run way late so that we don't have time to get in trouble. Several years ago we were in Chicago for a similar meeting.  We found a really good blues bar, and I was hooked.  So, we were trying to find some place like that to relax. We got to this place around 9:00 PM, and it was packed.  A small band was playing, but it was more folk music than blues.  We had to wait in line for placing our drink orders, and then had to wait for a table.  We finally got a table and were getting ready to listen to some great music.  They played about 3 more songs and took a break.  We kept drinking  and waited for them to return.  They never came back, and then they closed the bar.  They never even yelled last call. Maybe they closed early because it was a week night.  The drinks were cold but few of them.  Would I go back?  Not if there is another choice.
The Turkey burger and the Mac with lobster were great.
Do not let the decor talk you out of this place. We had an excellent time! Service was great, food was delicious! I had French dip, it was good. My husband ordered ribs (half) it was great, and more than plenty. Our friends ordered steak, they said it was very good. I would recommend this place to friends and family.
As a preface I will say that I was attending a private party. The party was on Halloween and about 100 people attended.  The food was very good and the staff did a great job.  I will definitely return with my family.
Having both eaten at the restaurant and attended a couple concerts here, I really like it here. For the concert venue, it's stand only and can get really cramped and uncomfortable being so small inside. For the restaurant, I had a pasta dish that was really tasty. There are celebrity portraits in stone on the ceilings, which I thought was the coolest part of the experience. Our server was very nice and accommodating. Overall, I have had pretty good experiences here.
Blues restaurant serving food from america's deep south. Very reasonably priced with further 10% discount for disney vacation club members. Daily live music from often famous artists so its definately worth while checking the website if your going on holiday here to see who is appearing.
Excellent restaurant in Downtown Disney.  The food and atmosphere are great! I had the full rack of bbq ribs which came with bbq baked beans as the side and it was delicious. I would definitely go back here on my next visit to Disney.
Located in Downtown Disney, you would probably expect average at best - wrong. The blues, gospel, motif may be a tad anti-Disney but the food & service are great. We got a pizza as a appetizer, and the brick oven makes a HUGE difference. I'd skip the typical burgers (after all, all the dressing aside a burger is a burger you can get anyplace). My wife had the BBQ and thought it was great. I had the Jambalaya, based on reviews I had read here, and it was excellent. The skillet corn bread w/honey butter is a must as well. My only disappointment is that all the times we've been to Disney we never tried it until now.
Not impressed at all with house of blues. Went to see Aaron Lewis last night. They over sold the show. Over 2400 people in the small place was very dangerous. You could not get a drink, No place to stand. People pushing and shoving. The fights started to break out. I went and got my money back and left. I don't see why I would ever go back. This is not a safe place to see a concert. Everyone was packed in so tight. No one could get out in an emergency.
Good atmosphere and music combined with decent food and service. So why just 3 stars? It's just nothing sampled is above the crowd in a very competitive area.
Our server seemed like he was always having fun. Which for us is always a good thing. He kept us entertain and was helpful in making decisions. The place was extremely pack and the lighting was a little too dark for a family restaurant. Ordered nothing but sides as there was not much of a vegetarian selection. Mash potatoes was amazing!
Food was great, as always. I've eaten at countless House Of Blues locations around the US, and it never let's me down! The wings are fantastic, I get them all the time! We actually made a reservation an hour prior on a Friday night, which was great! Loved it... great staff, super friendly and helpful!
I recommend the build your own burger. Do it your way.   Yummy! We did like the food and atmosphere of the restaurant, but the service was a little on the slow side.  It took several minutes after we were seated for the waitress to check on us for our drink and appetizer order.  Once we did order our lunch, it took approximately 30 minutes to have two hamburgers delivered and it wasn't very busy in the restaurant. We did get refills for our drinks, but when it came time to pay, I had to search for the waitress to get our bill.   Again, we did enjoy our meal, but the service was lacking that day.
Tuesday nights are my favorite at HOB!  This review is only based on a tuesday night.  They are latin nights, playing the best music!  I love that they play all my favorite music:  salsa, merengue, bachata, reggaeton, hip hop and techno!! Can't get better than that.  Hospitality get in free.  Ladies drink free before 12am.  I always walk out of this spot with my feet hurting.
We ate here for dinner last night after most of the other places in Downtown Disney had a long line out the door. House of Blues is at the end of Downtown Disney. There's both inside and outdoor seating. It had maybe the most grownup atmosphere in Downtown Disney which we appreciated since we didn't have kids with us. If you sit outside, there is a limited menu. But the server did give us the option of ordering from the full menu inside and bringing the food outside. We instead ordered from the limited menu outside so that we didn't miss any time from listening to the musicians.  We ordered pulled pork and pulled chicken sandwiches. I thought the food was pretty average and the meat was lacking in flavor. The live music was the highlight of this place. The two man group played a variety of instruments and a nice variety of music that reminded me of hanging on Beale St in Memphis. Decor of this place is also pretty cool.
Food was great.  Really good french dip, nicely toasted.  Wait service could use a bit of improvement in refilling drinks.  I would definitely go again.
Last summer was my first time ever in Downtown Disney, I went to eat with my friend Carrie ate the House of Blues Restaurant. I got there at about 5pm, was seated right away, and noticed the restaurant was getting busy. For dinner I ordered the BBQ Meatloaf with potatoes and green beans. Meatloaf tasted wonderful, nice and tender to as well. The entree was plenty for me, no room for dessert, I sure will be back there again this August.
Went to the Sunday brunch.  The best omelet I ever ate.  The music was great and it was fun.  Just long enough.  It was great to be among adults.  I have had enough of screaming kids at Disney.
We came to Downtown Disney to look around and have a late lunch/ early dinner. What we wanted to do was take a look around and see what some of the other options for food were. As we got closer to anything, the rain came down harder and harder, until we were basically forced into the House of Blues. I don't want that to sound like a bad thing, because Terri came here earlier in the week and raved about it. The inside is dimly lit, with a lot of cool and interesting art on the walls and ceiling. I swear some of it looks like it's straight from Clive Barker's studio. We sat at a booth and pooled over the menu. I went with the Heat Seeker burger. I've had pastrami on a burger before, but never pulled pork. A nice heaping mound on top. Pickled jalapenos, buffalo sauce and pepperjack cheese. I think spicy is an understatement. I wanted my burger cooked rare. It was so cooked, there was no pink to be seen at all. The burger tasted great anyways. The flavor was good, but not cooking it how I wanted, not cool. It came with a small bucket of fries which were good, and a dish of pickles, also spicy and tasted a little like un-pickled cucumber, but still good. For dessert we went for the bread pudding. A nice big slice, with ice cream, and a top a caramel sauce. Our waitress was nice and friendly. I could see her walking by and checking on us, but never actually saying anything, until we already had our food. Good food, good service. Nothing phenomenal nor horrible. Perfectly average.
Ate here for a birthday lunch with a rather large party last month. Very nice atmosphere, clean. The waitress was nice and friendly. Overall, we had no issues with service. The food, however, left a lot to be desired, especially with the high prices. Aside from the cornbread and the BBQ chicken flatbread (which were delicious), nearly everyone at our table seemed to have a complaint with their meals. The fries were stale and cold, and the burgers were charred, dry, and flavorless. I had a Caesar salad with steak on top- there were a few small strips of steak which were cold, flavorless and charred. The dressing was also lacking in flavor, making eating the salad a rather unpleasant experience. I would have returned it, but I did not want to make a big deal of it. We had a similar experience with the meatloaf, the citrus marinated steak salad, and the french dip sandwiches. I don't think I will be returning here.
My boyfriend and I had tickets to a recent show. We arrived on Downtown Disney property at 7:00 pm. We circled the parking lots for over 45 minutes and never found an available parking spot. We ended up leaving out of pure frustration, never setting foot inside the venue; it just wasn't worth it.  I tried to email HOB directly regarding this issue, but my email keeps getting sent back with a message that the HOB general inbox is full. Wow! It will be a long time before I think about purchasing tickets for a House of Blues show again.
Good food, the service was great! The server gave my son his pen to draw with since they were out of crayons.  What a guy!
This rating of four stars is based on how this restaurant compares with other restaurants in The Downtown Disney area, not necessarily how it compares to all restaurants in the world. Let's be honest, if you are doing the whole Disney Endeavor, you are probably going to end up in Downtown Disney at some point, and I can truly say, I think this is probably one of your better options.  I am not usually a theme restaurant type of person, in fact, most of the time I am not even a chain restaurant type of person..but let's work with what we've got. Wayyyyy better than Planet Hollywood and Rainforest Cafe. In fact of all the Hard Rock Cafe, Fashion Cafe, Stick-Weird-Memorabilia on the Wall Cafe places...this is far above the others! Went here when we had a night sans children on our Disney Vacation...I would strongly advise to make a reservation, the hostesses seemed a little icy at first, but when I told them we had a reservation, they immediately softened and showed us to the table. Ta-da!    ***In fact, when you are in Disney you should ALWAYS make a reservation for any meal that is not either fast-food-type or you do not want to wait several hours to eat. C'mon, between all of the Disney apps, yelp, open table etc. it is really not that difficult, and will save you huge headaches/hunger pains!**** Idk why hostesses are always so happy when people have reservations, I used to be a hostess back in the day, and all I can say is that it is very satisfying to cross people's names off your list. Anyway, after a lot of mediocre food in the park that day..we were starving!! Immediately ordered two beers, Ok, yes it is an enormous chain and they dont have a lot (or any??) microbrews, but I ordered a Blue Moon, and ignored my husband's comment of "you know that's made by Budweiser" whatever, he is a beer snob. I thought any beer would have tasted delish at that point! We both did actually!   Our waiter seemed to sense our extreme hunger/thirst and was very fast with the drinks and the voodoo shrimp appetizer!  Which also just tasted awesome, and in fact I think it would have tasted pretty awesome whether I was starving or not!    Oh yes, and we got wings, and more beer..we were really hungry!!! We did have a great server, though we made it pretty clear that we would be ordering several drinks, so he stuck around a lot! I really should have ordered the shrimp & grits, but I just could not handle any more food like that! So I got the catfish, which was okay but not as good as the Shrimp and Grits. Anyway, we left and were very, very, stuffed and satisfied. Luckily there are lots of places to walk around!!
To be honest this place was not that good.  The food was fine and the service was ok.  There are many better options in Downtown Disney that I would venture to first then pick this place,
Have seen a number of shows here. Most are just awesome (a couple to loud but that's the audio tech, not HOB). Love the intimate setting and feel of this place. Now if only Disney would get the parking finished because that's a nightmare.
Always awesome. We always make it a point to eat here during our Disney trips. The food is great and service is always good. Reservation is a good idea, but not necessary.
Food was pretty expensive for the quantity and quality.  We had a small wedge salad 8.99 and a street tacos (extra small tacos little meat lots of cabbage) 16.99. I would say the wedge salad wasn't that good and the street tacos were just okay........... On top of that they close at a lame 11pm. As I'm writing this people are walking by saying "are they closed already"!
Not our first time at the HOB in Orlando but we did notice changes in the menu this time.  I enjoyed my flatbread and my husband enjoyed his jambalaya.   Service was quick and friendly.   The porch bar is one of my favorites to chill out & listen to live music.  Beers are expensive but its worth it for the live entertainment.
I have been going to the HoB Orlando since it opened and have seen countless concerts there. I'm going to break this into two parts: the venue itself and the food/drinks inside the concert hall. The Venue: HoB Orlando is VERY intimate. Standing room general admission configuration. There are some tables at the outer edges of the concert floor next to the knee walls but if you want them, you had better be one of the first in line because they disappear quick. The acoustics in the HoB Orlando are perfect, I mean spectacular. I've seen everything there from heavy metal to acoustic solo to jazz and not once did I ever leave there saying the sound was bad. The floor is all wood, and the main floor is backed up to a couple of steps leading to the mid level and bar area where you can order drinks and food from the HoB kitchen.  Dual stairwells at the back of both sides of the concert hall lead upstairs. The upper level has standing room above and an identical bar upstairs to the one right below it. It also features a designated smoking area. There are plenty of illuminated exit signs so that concert-goers can easily see where to go in case of an emergency. Upstairs is also a private seating area known as "The Loge." The concept behind this is that you are perched upstairs around the perimeter of the concert floor and sitting down to watch the concert. To get these seats, you call the HoB box office the day that tickets go on sale and you pay double the face value of the Gen Ad ticket price and you get private seating. In the Loge, you also get a private waitress who brings you food/drinks so that you don't have to get up and miss the show. It's always nice & cool inside, smells clean and fresh, and security is always on top of idiots who want to practice their idiocy. The restrooms are staffed with a restroom attendant with an assortment of breath mints, colognes, mouthwash, paper towels, and hand sanitizer. You will have to go through a security checkpoint to get in, including a metal detector want and a pat-down.   The Food/Drinks (inside the HoB concert hall - not the restaurant) The mixed drinks there are a little pricey but I will go on the record and say that in true-to-form for Disney World, you will get a seriously stiff drink. The bartenders don't play games. They're working for tips and they want to earn it. I have not once had anything other than a great pour at this place. If you order a call drink, you're going to get your brand and a LOT of it. If you tip the bartenders well, they will take care of you all night. They have a good selection of beer as well. There is another bar on the entrance side of the venue, so if you have a floor spot, you can just mosey over to the right hand side, grab your drink, and mosey back to your spot. The food is pretty decent, but it's typical bar fare: chicken fingers, nachos, hamburgers, french fries, and I think they do a pulled pork sandwich. If you don't mind shelling out the $ for the appetizer, it's a pretty decent offering. Anytime an act rolls into town that I want to see, HoB always makes the experience that much better. Great place, great vibe, well managed, and superb sound quality.
The bacon-wrapped meatloaf was very good, as were the garlic mashed potatoes and crisp, fresh snap peas. My daughter's Caesar salad was ample but a bit swamped with dressing. The cornbread was outstanding as always!  The only downside was that our server wasn't the most attentive - we ran out of water at one point for about 10 minutes, and she missed an easy opportunity to sell me another beer.
We ate here last night and the kids hated their burger sliders, I tried one and the bread was stale and meat tasted like a hockey puck. My lobster and Mac / Cheese was ok but not great. Took 20 minutes to pay while waiter kept disappearing. Wolfgang Puck next door was much better night before.
We had reservations; but ended up arriving in Downtown Disney about an hour beforehand, with time to kill, and an increasingly daunting 3am alarm time for a next-morning half marathon. We approached the hostess stand to see if there were any earlier openings, and luckily, they were able to seat us right away. I spent summers in Myrtle Beach, and have always wanted to go to the House of Blues there (yet have still never been), and was really excited for my first HOB experience! I didn't recognize many of the honored musicians rendered in pop art on the walls. But no matter. Our waitress was really great. And we started things off right with the jalapeno cornbread, served with honey butter. Every bit of that app is utterly addictive. I wanted to do the mac and cheese entree, but was worried about so much dairy before running. So I got a burger instead. What's most memorable is that it's huge and juicy. Solid burger... if not a little run-of-the-mill. Hubby, helping me out, got the mac and cheese; so I was able to try some forkfuls. I actually found it disappointing. Lacked either the creamy cheesiness or herby goodness of stand-out local versions back home. Still, a great first HOB experience. And I'd happily return!
Unimpressed. Unless you want to waste 1.5+ hours of your vacation time at this place.  I'm absolutely positive that IF we were not using the Disney Dining Plan, we would have been treated with bells and whistles on, (as the people next to us were treated)  However, we had the Dining plan, and were treated like garbage.   We had to wait and wait for each and every portion of our meal to come out, meanwhile, the people who were sitting next to us, (NOT on the dining plan) and who sat down after us, received their appetizers before ours, received their meals well before ours, they were on dessert, well before we were even shown the desert menu in fact, our meals were STILL on the table, and we were waiting for someone (ANYONE) to come over take the dishes off our table, and show us a dessert menu!, THEY were out the door within under an hour.. however, we sat and sat and sat, waiting for our desserts, and finally our check... Listen, if you like wasting your entire night at one place, then this is the place for you.  Some people DO enjoy sitting at the same table all night long, but we were on vacation, and had a billion other things we would have liked to have been doing in down town disney, other than wasting precious vacation time at House of Blues.   Oh and did I mention, it wasn't even busy?  we got there about 4:50 pm on a Friday, NO ONE was in the place, slowly people started trickling in, however, by almost 7 pm when we were TRYING to leaving, the place was packed.. No wonder no one can get a seat there.. they don't move their customers out in a proper amount of time... Even the waiter ( Phil ) was barely pleasant... Unimpressed.. wont go back... especially when there are 100's of other places to dine at with the Disney Dining Plan... PS.. Food is over priced, and the portions are SMALL, my husbands pork chops came out PAPER thin, in fact, I think paper is thicker.. and the lobster mac and cheese, is basic mac and cheese with lobster chunks in it - WAY over priced for a SMALL portion of mac & cheese... Go someplace where they are going to give you a decent portion, and the prices are fair.. Trust me...
5 of us ordered-3 adults ordered meals, one son ordered an appetizer as meal and other son has diary allergy and ordered a plain hamburger/fries-no bun. My meal, half rack ribs was ok-expected tastier ribs. My sides were both cold-mash and rice. Mash were tasty but cold. My wife ordered chicken sandwich-the portion was a child size and you should be embarrassed how small it was. The other adult ordered bacon chesseburger and it was ok. My son ordered a quesadilla and when ordering asked for no tomato and then Danielle informed us that it was premade and nothing could be taken out. Come on guys, you cant make the insides of a quesadilla fresh? That is pathetic. He said it was horrible. My son with the allergy, the chef came out and was very attentive to our needs. His portion was 2 small size sliders and a few fries-again the portion size was pathetic. We have eaten out the last 10 out of 12 days while on vacation and this was the worst experience we had while on vacation. We expected so much more-when you hear "House of Blues" you would figure quality and freshness and amount of food served would be top notch. Well it was so disappointing, We all needed to eat another small meal before heading in for the night.
Food: They have decent food here. Definitely not bad, but not the greatest I've eaten. My friends love coming here before their half marathon or marathon. I join them because they're good company! Most of it is spicy food. I've had their Seared Ahi Chopped Salad and the Juicy Lucy burger on another occasion. Both were pretty good. I wasn't expecting the salad to have a little kick to it, but it was a nice surprise. I liked the burger, it was definitely juicy and it even had jalapeño peppers in it. I wish you can give half stars, as this place is a solid 3.5 stars. Service: The service was good for the most part, but it can get slow as it gets pretty crowded here. There was quite a few of us in our party on our last visit and they seated us in the back of the restaurant. They were able and glad to split up our check. That's always a plus. Location: The restaurant is located in the West Side of Downtown Disney. It's West of Pleasure Island. It's very easy to locate. You can't miss it!
There was a wait for a table, but a reasonable wait...the decor was definitely interesting, though some of it was a bit unsettling. Our server, Maria, was efficient and friendly.  She offered good suggestions, and remembered details about, and changes to, our orders.  The food arrived very quickly, and though not outstanding in any way, it was fresh...hot things were hot...cold things were cold, and Maria saw to it we always had fresh drinks, plenty of napkins, etc.  It's also great that there is live music, and it is not intrusive or overpowering.  Definitely worth a return visit !
First restaurant we went to on our Disney trip! We had an early reservation so unfortunately we did not get to witness the live music! TIP: This place has very dim lighting! Prepare to use your flashlight app on your phone to read the menu..... My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our dinner here. It was pretty empty at 6:00 on a Friday. He said his burger was in the top 5 best burgers he ever had. So that was a pretty awesome compliment. We both thought they could have gave us more fries, we only got a few as a side. My pulled pork sliders were good, but not great. They definitely could have used more sauce, but I figured that is why they give a side of sauce with the meal. The best aspect of this meal was the MAC AND CHEESE.... we both agreed it was probably the best or second best we ever had. This recipe was really different. It had a lot of original flavor, but it did not come with the heaviness, or overly cheesed up sauce that most mac and cheese dishes have. It was truly a light sauce that packed a ton of flavor. I think they used white cheddar. Whatever it was it was our favorite!
Recently I made my third visit to House of Blues.... and ordered the jambalaya and a cup of gumbo for the third time so obviously I like it. The gumbo is really good, I love that it uses turkey instead of chicken but there might be a little too much file in there as the sassafras taste is a little stronger than I'd like.  The jambalaya is pretty spicy (which suits me perfectly) and comes together pretty well.  We definitely received very good service and got our food quickly despite the restaurant being very full. That's where the good ends, if I was eating alone I'd be thrilled. My wife's spinach and pepper penne should have called garlic and garlic penne with garlic. I am a huge fan of garlic... I eat cloves of roasted garlic by themselves. My wife complained (to me) about her food through out the dinner, saying the garlic was just way too overpowering. Eventually I tried it and it really was quite oppressive. I'm sure I'll be back, but definitely going to stick with my favorites.
Our third or fourth time here. Food was below average this time....Voodoo Shrimp, which they push big time had only 6 shrimp, very tasty but expensive at $14.99. Ribs were good and smokey, but the 1/2 rack on the bottom were severely burned. Overpriced, but that's Disney.
I had only been in House of Blues once I think in Chicago!! I was hungry and on a budget at Disneyworld. I looked at the menu and was iffy about trying the food. I then saw a sign that like music to my ears. It said half off all appetizers from 3-5 PM and after 10PM. Looked at my watch, perfect timing as it was like 3:30PM :) I told the bartender I had not had a Margarita in 35 years. He reminded me what was in it and I said let's go and do it then. 7.50 drink at 3.50 is a great buy and it was oh sooo good!! Just like I remember the one I had in Los Angeles with my Dad when I was 18. The glass was different but that is all. I will have Margaritas more often :) I then tried the Shrimp Gumbo. I will upload a pic of it. It too was as the bartender said. A little smokey and wee bit spicy but not hot. Little shrimp in it and sausage and 3 dollars for a bowl!! Then I had the Voodoo Shrimp!! Again a pic will follow. It was sweet and spicy and I loved it and it came served on cornbread!! My southern roots were screaming YES!!!!! So all in all I give them five starts because the food was awesome and the staff was great and the decor is cool !!!! I got to see a concert here. I heard they are great at this venue. I just missed Joe Jonas :(  LOL !!!!!!
Big fun but make reservations. Moderately priced with a decent beer selection. Vegetarians should ask for what they want and modifications can be made. Crowded and stuffy by 9pm.
Such a shame! This used to be our go-to spot for good food, but now they've changed the menu and called themselves Crossroads, and it's nothing like it used to be. The drinks are watered down. The food is, in a word, BLAND. New Orleans cuisine? I'm not so sure. Our waiter was very accomodating, however, when we wanted to add spices or change the order completely.
I know why i don't go to House of Blues. Who wants to go to Disney? The traffic is a bear. Parking is terrible. The place is a zoo. This place sucks. Anyone from Orlando doesn't go here because it is a tourist trap. Maybe if you're a Disney fan you might like waiting in lines, waiting to park, waiting in cues.  Never again.
I was at House of Blues last year for a Panic at The Disco concert. It was my first time at that venue and I found it pretty typical as music venues go. The crowd was young, mostly 15 and 16 year olds but I guess that just goes to show I like music high schoolers enjoy. Still I wasn't a fan of being smashed in a crowd of teeny boppers. The place was packed, we found a spot to stand on the right of the stage next to the bar which, surprise surprise, wasn't at all crowded considering only about 3% of the fans were of drinking age. Visibility was ok, if you enjoy seeing only the left side of the band. If we were to try to have gotten a more central spot I would not have been able to see over the tops of others heads. Plus, I don't like the pushing and shoving that occurs at packed concerts. My companion got hungry mid-way though and grabbed a hot dog. House of Blues just sounded so relaxed and chill before actually attending a show there, now I know its just as much of a cluster as any other venue.
I love the atmosphere here and have visited for different events. my favorite dish here is the Vodoo shrimp.  they used to have happy hour and the appetizers were half off.  I would order Voodoo shrimp x2 and a Yuengling and be happy as a clam but they don't have that anymore and my subsequent choices have not been as satisfying. This time I ordered the Lobster.Mac and cheese which looked yummy but is very bland.  It is almost as  though they figured dropping some bits of lobster into Mac and cheese were enough to make it into something special.......Nope.  there were just a couple of chunks of lobster buried in a mountain of noodles and bread crumbs.  then sauce was bland and a bit on the thin side.  I came here for gospel brunch a couple of times and the regular Mac and cheese was outstanding.  this was noodles in sauce (that tasted like cheese dip) and some seafood stuck in it.  the flavors were not well blended or complimentary.  I ate the chunks of lobster out and took the noodles and sauce home to my dog who enjoyed it ,but he would also eat napkins and coffee grounds if I let him
well, this almost feels like the real thing, a little unfortunate in terms of external the atmosphere of wholesome bullshit, but hey, a gem in the overall vast sea of pablum offered here
There is a facade of religion here, as if the mingling of symbols will drafts accords, makes seeds from empty AK-47s. With enough mixed drinks, there is a higher power you may wake up next to in the morning; what are you willing to sacrifice for the truth?
Only a 2 star because the waitress had big juggs to look at.
I spent my birthday at the House of Blues. I was a little un educated about where it is - so if you're staying with Disney and the dinning plan make sure to get there over an hour early - its a long walk from where the buses drop you off. Despite that - I was late for my reservation and we didn't have to wait long. The ambiance is great its loud but a lot of interesting stuff to look at. Great long big menu and the drinks are diverse and satisfy any flavor - And if you order a drink you get clear blue glass mason jar to bring home. I recommend their wings for an appetizer and Lobster Macaroni. I really wish I remembered our waiter's name. I believe his name was Phil. but not positive. He was literally the BEST waiter i've ever had. His attitude - personality we second to none. Seems they have a great staff overall at that Blues. Overall I left so full I was hurting and worth every penny. A great birthday I will never forget.
Food was over priced (even for park food), coleslaw was awful, ribs were thin and very boney, salads were great.  Won't be coming here again
Definitely not impressive! Review is for the restaurant. We popped in here during the car show that was going on at Downtown Disney. And seeing the menu was done by Chef Aaron Sanchez I was excited about, but later to find it was a lackluster. We had the Applewood Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf and Southwestern Chicken Sandwich. With the meatloaf, I was expecting some bacon goodness... everything is good with bacon right? It probably would have been if I actually tasted the bacon, but it turned out to be more of a bland meatloaf. My fiance lovessss meatloaf, he didn't even want to take home his leftovers! The chicken sandwich was another disappointment, the flavors didn't mesh well and the chicken was dry. I didn't even want to attempt to finish it. The only thing I somewhat enjoyed with the sweet potato fries that came with it. Chef Aaron Sanchez! You can do better than this!
I WENT TO SEE KE$HA! the other day at the house and it was amazing. she performed so amazing. her opener was stupid though beardo -_- but the venue is cool. they don't over pack the pit which i thank them for. the only thing is the house wouldn't let her do one part of her show because it involved bringing out a huge fake penis which i sort of get because there were kids there so you can't really get mad at them.
Came here recently for an event my company was throwing and it was good.  They had couple dishes out for us to eat.  There was spinach dip, a pork slider and a shrimp dish called voodoo shrimp.  The shrimp was the best.  It was had a nice flavoring and spice to it.   I've also come to get drinks here at night and the atmosphere is great with the live music outside.  The only drawback is the prices for drinks is a little on the expensive side.
Excellent food and service.  Filet mignon was well prepared.  Pizza was excellent.  Tuna appetizer had a strange seasoning thus would not get it again.  Would definitely go back.
I went here on the 1st night in town for the Disneyworld Marathon weekend. It was pretty busy, but I made reservations and was able to get seated right away around 9p on a Wednesday night. Hostess was really nice and pleasant as we got seated. Our server was nice, but he came off as if he didn't really like his job. Pretty good service regarding keeping our water filled whenever he passed by. We had the shrimp salad and were expecting the shrimp to be warm since they looked cooked, but ended up being cold. The salad appeared to be pre-made and placed in the fridge until someone ordered it. Happy hour was 10p-close which we waited for. We had a few glasses of wine, which tasted okay for being their house blends.
This was one music based place that I actually enjoyed. I'm really not a fan of the places where there are live performances or just general music in the background that's incredibly loud. This place is based off of blues music, which really hasn't been my favorite genre of music, but I do like the passion that blues musicians play with. They really get into it. Anyway, this place is very cool. It's got a lot of graffiti on the walls with blues cartoons and posters of upcoming performances. I didn't go during a performance, but there was still plenty of music in the background. This is another place where there is a very long wait, but my dad and I caught the restaurant at the right time and got a table. They have a cool, western style menu with a whole range of choices for dinner. Everything from chicken to ribs to--guess what, my favorite--pulled pork sandwiches! YES! As soon as I saw that on the menu I had to order it. For some reason, every restaurant that has a pulled pork sandwich has it come with coleslaw. This restaurant didn't have it on the sandwich, but on the side. Even so, every time it says coleslaw, make sure you ASK THEM if its on the side or not. Coleslaw is one of the most repulsive things on this planet. It's like cabbage and some dressing. I could vomit. Even so, they were smart and put it on the side. Like I don't know anybody who would be willing to put that crap in their mouths. Honestly if I was on fear factor, that would be my toughest challenge. Eating coleslaw. You just can't swallow it. Anyway, going back to the food, even with a lot of people in the restaurant, they take a long amount of time bringing out the food. I only had a pulled pork sandwich and my dad had a burger. It didn't really seem like it should've taken as long as it did. It took like 20-25 minutes or so to come out, but it was totally worth it. The pulled pork was sliced to perfection, and the perfect addition of bbq sauce made the sandwich great. Although, like Raglan Road, a lot of the sandwich came out the other end. I had to like make a strategy for how I was gonna eat this sandwich without a problem. Even so, it tasted amazing. Their steak fries were also impeccable. They added this seasoning which was just fantastic. Overall, a great restaurant with a lot of interesting qualities, but they just gotta work on getting the food out in a faster time. I mean it wasn't so terrible of a wait, but after a while it's like, are they worshiping the food or something? Also, they had televisions, but my computer monitor is bigger than the televisions, and only certain televisions were airing actual channels, and they were very far away from my table. The other televisions were airing like concert dates, which was so unnecessary because there was a pamphlet right in front of me showing the same thing, and I have to say, the musicians coming to perform didn't look very good, except OneRepublic. On a side note, I was so mad because B.o.B had performed in Magic Kingdom like 2 days before we got there and I really wanted to see him. He's a fantastic hip-hop artist. Anyway, recommended restaurant, really great food. Unfortunately though there was a reasonable amount of toddlers there, so that's something you have to keep in mind.
I've never been to a House of Blues, but have always heard great things. It seemed like a great place to go and hear some great music and eat some good food. I'm not sure what I was expecting but I was a little underwhelmed by the menu choices. The food just didn't seem to match the decor and blues vibe that the restaurant had. I was going to get a pulled pork sandwich, but our waiter advised against it. He said he was from NC, so I trusted his taste in BBQ. Instead, I ordered a burger with avocado and bacon. Sound ok, right? The burger was not medium as I had requested, so it was dry. The avocado was not ripe, so it was one big chunk, instead of something spreadable, and the sweet potato fries were super bland. I'm usually very sensitive to salty things, too. Also, there was no music! I didn't even hear much coming through the speakers. I'd expect the place to be filled with music. So, maybe it was just the location, or the fact that my friend and I were super tired at this point in our trip, but I don't feel like it lived up to the hype. Perhaps I'll give them another shot sometime...
They've recently (not sure when) re-done their menu and it is really not impressive. What happened to it being the House of Blues? Why should there be Mexican ingredients and influences all over the menu? (I know, Aaron Sanchez. But why on earth would a southern restaurant choose him to help out?) It's supposed to be "contemporary" but it really isn't. I was not impressed at all.
Came out to the HOB Saturday night to see the one and only Jonny Lang. This is my tenth time or so coming here in the last 15 years. Nothing at all has changed on the inside of the venue. They are undergoing construction on the "front porch" area out side. I spoke to the bartender about the renovations, they are going to have an amazing bar and hang out area once it's complete next month out front to enjoy while you wait to go in. Minimum $5 per drink, and general admission is always first come fist serve standing room only. You can upgrade to the balcony if you want to secure seats. Sound system is decent, there are times when all you can hear is noise and not what the singer is actually singing, but still very good quality. This time they did not have a bathroom attendant which I love. I hate having to pay to go to the bathroom.
Great cheap eats in a very expensive, touristy area. We usually get seated quickly and service is great. The happy hour is awsoem if you want a great deal! The entertainment is also a plus. For being in downtown Disney the wait to be seated is generally short if you avoid the ending of Cirque du Soliel.
Good Service, good food, and good music ! Yes, it can get loud and yes it is not cheap then again you are not sitting at MC Donald's It is a place to go to share a special time with that special person. You can go outside to the patio bar area and people watch and have a brew or two or, listen to the music. You can get that hamburger, steak or chicken from the menu. We had a dinner for two with drinks for $41 , it was a great place to sit back relax , and eat
i have not been to HOB very often as a hungry person. i mainly went there on Sundays for Service Night when i worked for the mouse house. yesterday though, my friend and i were on the prow for a good happy hour. signs lead us to HOB, advertising drink specials and appetizer specials all over the place. Sounds good, right? - wrong! despite signs, we tried to go into the dining area and were RUDELY shooshed away by a lady with a head set, flinging the door open, yelling WE ARE CLOSED!. so off to the outside bar we go to see if the food has been moved there. to no avail ... the bar tender was somewhat more friendly and informed us that the dining room was closed for private event and food is never served at the bar...Hallo HOB: take your signs down if they don't apply for that day!!!! i have never eaten there before and after last night, i never will. good thing we are locals and not tourists that could have their whole vaca experience ruined by this.
If you have a group and are considering the breakfast show, you'll want to see if you have other options.  I arranged to take a group there on the advice of a travel agent.  When we arrived early (due to not having issues with either checking out of our hotel nor any traffic), we were greeted with a surly "Oh, you're early, we're not ready for you, wait away from the porch."  Next, we were told by "Jake" that he would be leaving before we were done with breakfast so that he could get to his next job.  The restaurant then let us in, but the meal was a disappointment - bland eggs, bland potatoes, greasy bacon, pastries and cereals from a warehouse club; all serve-it-yourself on cheap plastic plates and plastic napkins.  The only member of the staff who was at all welcoming was the woman pre-filling the small plastic cups with orange juice. The show was extremely short.  It was somewhat cute, and might have been much more entertaining if done by someone "present in the moment" rather than worried about rushing off to another job. It's not that anyone had a bad time, it's just that we didn't have a great time.  For the amount we paid, it was an extremely poor value, and a disappointing wrap-up to our trip to Orlando. I tried to follow-up twice with HOB using the forms on their website, asking to be contacted, and wasn't.  So, seems like the "couldn't care less" attitude extends up the entire corporate chain.
Was at HOB once before and it was a good experience.  I went there a week ago and was not impressed.   I went to the host booth outside for a table.  They asked for a credit card, drivers license, or hotel room key to hold while we had their buzzer.  Really?  Never have been asked that before.   After the short wait, good thing, we had to go back outside again to the host booth, it was cold out.  They told us to go inside to the host booth and tell them we wanted a booth for two.  What is that!!!  We just told you and waited now you want me to tell them inside what we want? WTF     We went in and told the host what we wanted a table for two.  They told us it would be a few minutes.  What?!!!  After being seated it took our waiter five minutes to get to us.  No waters no hello nothing.  I will say he was friendly, so far thats all the place had going for it.   We ordered drinks, my drink was fine a beer, my friend  ordered a house drink that was way to sour.  It sucked.  Its not hard to mix things together to make a drink.  The food came out quickly  should have known.  It was not that good.   I think if Chef Aaron Sanchez would put his name on the menu than it should be great food.  I can cook food of that quality at home.   I always say if you dont like something or someone than dont go there or by them, its that simple.  With that said I will never go to House of Blues again.     If HOB wasn't in a tourist area I think it wouldn't last.   Please dont go here.   Thank you
First, if you are going to House of Blues, anywhere, you need to be going for the music (a show) and not the restaurant. Also, if you have been to one House of Blues, you have been to them all. I have been to several and made the mistake of wanting to have dinner there before a show, and have always been disappointed. The venue for shows is excellent though. If you have the opportunity to see one of your favorite bands, DO IT! The concerts have a more intimate, club-like feel, whereas a larger venue makes the bands seem more intangible, and inauthentic. We actually went to this House of Blues for the bar, to have some drinks while in Downtown Disney. It wasn't so bad. There was a decent crowd and the bartenders handled it well. They were as accommodating as we needed them to be, and took care of us. The place just sort of has a chain feel to it. The decorations don't appear to be as authentic and unique as you would really like for them to be. Lucky us (sarcasm), the night we visited was teen night where any teenager was welcomed with a pre-purchased ticket to some sort of FX music experience so we cut our night at their bar shorter than we would have wanted to, due to the child-like atmosphere that was encroaching upon us. We didn't leave without grabbing a few items in the gift shop- always a crowd-pleaser with the rock-themed attire.
went to house of blues at 10pm and got the happy hour...not bad..3 bucks for a margarita..and it was strong..not bad...but the horror happened before that..its when we also decided to eat there...so we get there around 8 and we got sat really quick...the waitress was really nice..had no problem explaining the dishes..very friendly...so we start with 2 patron margarita's( $9 dollars each..very good..nice size) and 2 shots of patron( also $9 each..and very nice size)..so we ordered the cornbread app ( it was gross we sent it back after one bite..they kindly took it off the bill) and we got the wings app (tasty but $10 bucks for 8 wings..come on wings are really cheap to buy wholesale i know I'm in the biz..over a dollar a wing is crazy)..the we got our entrees i had the juicy juice burger (very tasty)...my friend had there meatloaf dish (absolutely gross) and my other friend had the chili braised short ribs (that was mediocre...only the beef was..it had some cornbread wrapped something on that plate which was gross)...so 2 drinks 2 shots 1 app 3 entrees...bill was 115.00...so pretty cheap..but food not good...i suggest if ur gonna go here go for a burger....not gonna go back unless its for there happy hour drinks!!
Great food, great atmosphere, awesome music! Had the Juicy Lucy and it was perfect. They don't have anything in draft but a nice selection of bottled beer. A great place to eat and enjoy music. Another positive is that it's not really a place for kids so no screaming babies. Lol!
great food as always, excellent service from Ryan, couldn't fault it.
Came here for a quick lunch. We ate the steak salad and half rack of baby back ribs. All were good but not spectacular. Wait service was great. Probably is way more fun at night when a band is playing.
Went to HoB with a large of group of friends. A family reunion of sorts, this was a group of guys who grew up together in the same neighborhood from grammar school through College, at the risk of dating myself, this was a group who had not been together for almost 20 years. We enjoyed a great dinner with fantastic service, followed by a wonderful concert of Blues by a local band, it was just flawless. Some great memories were made this day, so we will for sure be back for more.
Not impressed Was asked 3 times if my party was here, waiter talked too much Didn't hear drink orders, salads were warm n not great, coffee was over brewed n too dark, n felt rushed at end to get out Would not visit or recommend HOB to anyone :-(
Nice outdoor area to hang out and wait for friends. The ribs were pretty good.  The wait staff were really nice. They have live music on patio atea. Really relaxing. Hope concert is just as nice. Will be back.
This is an easy review.  It's the House of Blues.  If you came here to eat, you are either: A) at a meeting B) stupid Its about the music.  Cheap drinks that are not cheap, and music.  I get a big chuckle out of any review that says the food was "5 stars" or the food was terrible!  Just mark it up to what it is, a music place that is going to serve average pub grub and charge you too much for it. Lower your standards, drink some Dewars or JB (or insert a cheap liquor you would not normally have at home) get hammered and enjoy the music!
My sister and I came here for lunch on the first day we arrived in Orlando. Located in Downtown Disney, this was easy to access from the parking lot (even if you aren't planning to do any other shopping in the area) and was a short drive from our hotel. The restaurant was very open, really rustic looking with lots of character. All of the employees that greeted us were very welcoming which added to the charm of this place. I forgot our waitresses name but she was very sweet. It was hot out so we immediately knew what we wanted to drink so she placed our drink order right away. By the time we were ready to place our lunch order, my sis and I were enjoying our cocktails. For lunch, we ordered the jerk chicken wings to start and I had a cobb salad.  I absolutely loved the flavor of the jerk chicked wings. Nice and crispy with a nice little kick to it. The Cobb Salad was loaded with chopped lettuce, chicken, cheese, avocado, egg and bacon. I didn't really have a breakfast so I nearly polished off the entire thing. It was so delicious. My sister did a BYO burger where she added lettuce, tomato, avocado, jack cheese and bacon. She thought the meat patty was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The sweet potato fries served with was nice and crispy on the outside and a little tender on the inside. I had one and thought they were very tasty.   We were thrilled to find out that you got to keep your House of Blues mason jar your cocktail was served in. They got a clean one out and wrapped it in a nice little box for you. Very cool memento. Overall, a very pleasant and fun dining experience. So much, we came back a few days later for another late lunch and ordered the exact same thing. = )  I'd highly recommend.
House of Blues (HOB) is a nationwide chain of about a dozen concert halls and restaurants located around the country. The very first HOB opened in 1992 in Harvard Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The company was originally financed by Isaac Tigrett, co-founder of Hard Rock Café, Dan Aykroyd, Jim Belushi, Aerosmith, Paul Shaffer, and River Phoenix. Yeah, these guys know their tunes! The Orlando HOB venue is located within the Pleasure Island / Downtown Disney entertainment complex, and you'll find it at the far end next to the Cirque du Soleil's "La Nouba" amphitheater. Our group was looking for a place to enjoy a few Adult beverages, listen to some music, and have a great time. It breaks my heart to say that we missed the 2013 Metal Alliance Tour featuring Anthrax *bangs my head against the desk*, so instead we forced ourselves to enjoy "Shake It Tuesdays" with all Latin music instead. The club is huge and it holds a boatload of happy campers, and we thoroughly enjoyed sipping on a couple of frosties and having fun out on the dance floor. The place was packed with Spring Breakers, and we had a great time laughing and carrying on with the collegiate crowd. HOB does have a restaurant next door, and I've been there in the past for their amazing Sunday Blues Brunch - highly recommended!!!
Decent food, loud music Late late at night we found ourselves in the House of Blues for some food and entertainment.  As soon as we opened the door:  loud.  Like almost unbearably loud.  The music was good and we liked almost all the songs, but man ears were ringing.   Had the bbq bacon burger and key lime pie.  Burger was nothing special nor the fries.  The key lime pie was definitely better than average, yet not incredible.  Maybe I'll try something else if I find myself there again.  So come for the tunes, keep busy with the food.
Husband and I ate here for one of the nights during our recent Honeymoon to Walt Disney World. He'd never been to a HoB location before, and I assured him it would be worth it. Our reservations were for 5:30, but even though we were on time, we still had a 30-40 minute wait. We were pretty hungry from walking around in the sun at the Parks all that day, but were understanding. M ordered a burger (I wish I could remember the name) and noted to me that it was one of the BEST he'd ever had. I mean, one of those burgers that you warn your doctor about because you might be seeing him after eating it. I mean inhaling it. That good. I had some crusted halibut filet, which was pretty overcooked, but overall good. Unfortunately, there was a private party going on next to our table that night that we dined in- the music they were playing blared through the walls and made the experience annoying- up until they finally ended around 7 or 8pm. The major, major highlight of the night: order a mint mojito. In their collectable mason jars. I have never had a drink that strong yet in my life... 1/3 a way down and I was so buzzed. M thankfully helped me finish it off- I wasn't up for a hangover the next day at the Magic Kingdom. I'm assuming the bar puts around 3-4 shots in each cocktail jar. Man.
Only come here if you are seeing a show and have no other options. Seriously. My boyfriend and I came here- for convenience-  to grab a quick dinner and drinks before going to the Stone Sour concert next door. I wasn't expecting anything special given the reviews, and certainly didn't get anything that I would ever want to eat or drink again. The restaurant is a typical bar ambiance, but with quirky art and interesting decor. They have a huge drink menu, many of which come in souvenir mason jars, if that's your thing. That's lovely, except for the fact that they were out of mason jars, as well as many of their drink ingredients ( such as bitters in the drink I ordered). We were also told by the bartender not to order the sangria or the mojito because neither was made fresh but came from a mix- gross. Both of those items are so ridiculously easy to make I could only imagine that the same concept would apply to the food. It did. I ordered the bacon BBQ burger, which was a frozen patty, on a huge bun that wasn't too fresh. Not horrific, but not something I would never want to order again. My boyfriend got the french dip sandwich. His was much worse. Paper- thin meat that tasted awful packed into stale bread- do not order this if you go there. If you are expecting some crap bar food and big drinks, then this is the place for you. Otherwise, I would recommend going to another place in Downtown Disney.
Good concert venue, but if you're short & want to be on the floor...neck cramp! I stand on the stairs to be eye level, even though I prefer to be close. 2 Big PBR's were 9 dollars- pretty reasonable, considering you're in Downtown Disney & a concert.
Whenever family or friends are visiting that means a trip or multiple trips to Disney they usually involve Downtown Disney. We ate here twice in one week as the dining choices are limited. You can have upscale expensive at Fultons Riverboat or fast food, a few ethnic choices, or the H O B, a nice in between. Last review I wrote the stupid policy review. Happy to update that this time there were no new stupid policies but I suspect they are still there. This time I had a build it burger. It was just a simple cheeseburger but it was super. We started with what they called spicy vegetable soup. It was hardly spicy but a few shakes of the Tabasco bottle took care of that. It was hot, hardy and hit the spot. After the burgers we did the bread pudding. Better have more than one or two to tackle this brick of bread pudding. It was very good. So this experience was positive but the food was never the issue. Policy was and probably still is. I upped the rating to 4 stars due to our server, Diane. She was awesome.
This review is for the music venue only: If you were to have asked me a month ago, I would have given the Orlando HOB  5 stars without blinking an eye. Ive been to 3 or 4 shows here and they've always been amazing. However, on my recent visit I noticed something about the design that I didn't like. If you are in the wrong spot you could end up with a post right in the middle of your line of sight. I never noticed this before because I had always gotten to shows early and scouted out a good spot or just went down to the floor area. This time around I got to the show a little later and got stuck with the post of shame blocking me until I could shift to a better position. HOB is still my favorite music venue in Orlando. Ive only been to one other venue in O-town, so take that for what its worth, but I will def make it a point to get to the shows earlier from now on.
I found this place while browsing through some menus at Downtown Disney. I had to try and find something for my pregnant sister and her 5 year old palate. I let her look at the menu, and this place fit the bill. Well done, HOB! I'm from Chicago, which has a house of blues, but I've never been there (and I'm not sure if they have a restaurant either). I don't know how recently the menu has changed, but Aaron Sanchez, a food network guy, revamped the menu recently. Everything comes with a kick now, I guess. Our table ordered 3 items: The bacon wrapped meatloaf, the crossroads quesadilla, and the Citrus glazed chicken. My dish was the latter, so I will review that in a moment. My bro in law let me take a bite of his bacon meatloaf, and it was quite tasty! I'm glad I didn't get it, because I was satisfied with my dish. He also received some mashed potatoes and gravy, as well as veggies with his dish. He seemed very satisfied. My sister ordered the quesadilla with chicken. It didn't lack flavor, but didn't really have any either. She allowed me to have a small bite, and it was decent. Actually, the salsa verde that came with her dish (which she didn't really like) was very good. I actually used it on my chicken! Onto my meal: The Citrus glazed chicken. First off, i was allowed to add the house of blues side salad for 3 dollars. It was very good! I asked for the dressing and feta on the side, because you never know what 'lite' means to chefs. Anyways, the salad had red and yellow tomatoes, spicy pecans, and fresh field greens. The balsamic vinagrette was very good! As for the chicken, I requested the glaze on the side. It did not even need it! I used a bit of my sister's salsa verde, but the chicken itself was very tasty. I had them double my veggies instead of a veggie/mash tatoes combo. All in all, Crossroads is a very solid restaurant. We arrived at about 630, just before the dinner rush, and were seated promptly. The service was great as well. I want to say my waitress was named Stephanie, and she was very good. Probably one of my favorite meals while staying at disney. I would recommend this place over Planet hollywood 8 days a week. See you at the crossroads!
It was the first restaurant we saw when entering Downtown Disney but it was a good choice. The 2 pulled pork sliders ($9.99) were great appetizers. Not overly drenched in BBQ sauce, the meat was soft to bite and the bread was as well. Topped with crunchy cole slaw and pickled cucumbers.  We also ordered the half order of ribs ($15.99)-- perfectly cooked, the meat easily fell off the bones and the sauce was appetizing. We substituted the cole slaw for sweet potato fries for an extra dollar. We also ordered the steak tacos. Not really that great. The meat was tough and bland. The ingredients were just ok. But the other two choices were great. Service was fine. We got our orders in a reasonable time frame and the waitress checked on us a few times. The inside is dark and blues like. But they have air conditioner which is great after a long walk in the heat :)
I feel guilty coming to eat here on Sunday. Why? Because they have a Gospel Brunch every Sunday and they are having CHURCH up in here!! How would you be if you went to a venue, the choir is singing and getting everyone uplifted. Then the waitress comes and brings your silverware and drinks? Its a great place to come if your on the Disney Dining Plan. They have at the buffet Jambalaya, BBQ chicken and prime rib, as well as scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, bread pudding and a omelet station. Great music, great food and lotsa fun
This review is for the restaurant: I ordered a chicken caesar salad. It tasted like garlic with more garlic and garlic on top. It was horrendous. The chicken is processed! For the overinflated price tag, I'd expect actual chicken. It was like eating a gas station salad but with 300 lbs of garlic on top. Just skip eating here altogether, it's mediocre food at Disney prices.
The place is called the House of Blues but the menu does not have anything on it from Memphis. With that being said the food was fairly decent. The noise level was very unpleasant. Lastly service was slow and inattentive.
Aaron Sanchez you have just been CHOPPED!  Ordered your starred steak salad. Tasteless, almost no steak or blue cheese or black beans. Basically greens with crappy dressing!!  House of Blues in Orlando, you suck!
This review is STRICTLY for the Restaurant -- So I have eaten here before and it was so-so, nothing to yelp about that is for sure.  It's sad that when a mediocre place, that is not so rave worthy, takes a dive simply for their customer service. There was a large group of us, about 20, that headed over to the HOB Restaurant to grab a drink after La Nouba.  Well...let's just say it was NOT the highlight of the night. We walked up to the bar, however, there was not much room so we were scoping out some tables while one of us went to the front to request seats.  This server approached me as I was lookin' at the tables and said, "Excuse me are you looking for a table?"  I thought she was going to give me a suggestion since we had a large group or was going to help in some way but boy was I wrong.  I took the bait and said yes.  She responded with, "well you are going to have to go see the host stand for that," and pretty much flew away on her broom. Then of course my friend who WAS at the host stand got us sat right in her section, WOOHOO!!! Of course the server confirmed with me, "did you seat yourself here or did you go to the host stand?" Really chick? There are 3 tables full out of this entire restaurant and you are worried about me sitting in your section?  Are you that annoyed with people? If so I suggest customer service is NOT your thing.  Just Sayin' Then to spare you my whining about the rest of the experience, she was rude, butted in conversations, got our orders wrong and was snarky. Please note, if you are eating here...request that you NOT sit in Maria's section unless you want to be spoken down to, ignored, or just straight up treated like an inconvenience.   True Story!
It's righteous, brothers and sisters!  Somebody say Amen! Today was my second visit to the Sunday Gospel Brunch at House of Blues.  After the first time, I said that it was the best ticket in town for the price, and I still believe it to be. I was happy to find that the same group was performing this time around, Apostle J.L. Cash and Praise.  These folks raise the roof off the HOB and they do it with love.  Most all of the music is upbeat and some contemporary, familiar pop music is thrown in, but with religious lyrics, such as "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me," Elvis's "Suspicion," and others.  This fine group inspires and brings the crowd together. The buffet is huge, featuring southern-fried catfish, turnip greens, fruit, salads, made-to-order omelets, and so much more. My one complaint is that some of the hot items were cold, but there's quite a spread to choose from.  They don't price-gouge you on drinks: bloody marys and  most other drinks are $3.00. You'll leave smiling!
Let's pretend you had a bunch of guests fly into Orlando from Virginia and Germany to watch you and your wife get married the night before and some of you were still around the night after and wanted to get dinner together, here's why you shouldn't come here: There might be plenty of room at the restaurant to seat your party of 16, but the fat, white manager Kevin isn't interested in accommodating you. He'll tell you that it's impossible to move tables that are near to each other even closer in the large, open space because those two sections belong to different servers. Sure, you could tell him to move the two sets of tables within a foot of each other and that you're  okay with separate servers delivering food at separate times because the most important thing for you is to be with your new wife and spend some more times with your new in-laws from Germany as well as your friends who traveled all the way to Orlando for your wedding. But he won't care. In reality, the food here is 2 stars - it's pricey and forgettable. But Kevin, the fat douchebag manager, sends House of Blues down to 1 stardom.
The bread pudding is a 5 star.  So is the service.   Mac & cheese is okay.  Short ribs were ok.
So this is my first one-star review...I thought it would never come to this! It all started when my friend and I went searching out food at Downtown Disney as our stomachs were ready to digest themselves.  We saw a big sign in front of House of Blues advertising happy hour after 10PM with drink specials and 1/2 off appetizers.  That sounded right up our alley! We walked up to the door and as I opened it, the manager comes running for the door yelling, "We're CLOSED!"  I was a little taken a-back and referenced the sign that we saw advertising happy hour after 10pm.  She yells, "it doesn't matter, we're CLOSED!"  I correct her and say, the sign says it's only in the restaurant and happens every night after 10PM.  She then slams the door! So we say whatever and walk over to the bar and ask about the half-priced appetizers and drinks.  We are then informed that is only available inside the restaurant after 10PM!  I told the guy that they obviously weren't open, and he just said oh well. Needless to say, our hour was anything but happy and we will NOT be returning in the near future.  When you advertise a special outside your establishment, you should honor it or use good guest service and politely apologize and explain the situation.
Mmmm mmm mmm gooooood!  After eating at the horrible Paradiso 37 the night before, this was a huge improvement and very tasty.  I'm a fan of House of Blues (love the one in Vegas) and this one was no exception.  Our waitress was super friendly and very helpful. I had the two pulled pork sliders which were perfect!  Juicy and tasty all around.  The Red Rose Mashed Potatoes with Cotija cheese and applewood bacon was absolutely excellent!  I could have had just that for dinner and been very happy.  For dessert we shared cheesecake...perfection!   I wish we would have gone here the first night instead of Paradiso 37.  After walking around in the thick humidity all afternoon to get to House of Blues (at the end of Downtown Disney), we loved being able to catch the free ferry boat that took us back to the front of Disney.
My upfront caveat is that the only times I have come here - have been for private events and for that- this place rocks!!  I almost feel sorry for the "other people" who were wistfully looking in on our event to see what all the ruckus was about- and ruckus there was! The party took place in the main music hall.  There were 3 huge bars open and the free alcohol (compliments of our hosts) was flowing.  I had several delicious margaritas and then switched to beer cuz one of the guys I was with thought the "beer girl" was cute.  Ah- who cares- I've drank beer for worse reasons! They had two huge buffet lines set up with some very good food- and that's high praise if you know me as buffets are pretty far down the list for me as to food that I'll eat.  There were several cheese plates that included my all time favorite Brie, spinach and artichoke dip with tortilla chips and vegetables as appetizers.  All good. For entrees- you could make yourself a pulled pork sandwich- pig out on ribs or make a beef sandwich.  Delicious any way you went and the perfect thing to line one's stomach with, for what was going to be a late night! As for the music?  The cover band rocked with music that appealed to everyone from the Blues Brothers, to disco to rock.  They had people up on their feet dancing from the start and we actually had to be kicked out at the end of the night!! Service was great- these folks were falling over themselves to make sure we all had a great time.  And you know what?  We did!
I wish I could give this 3 and a half;   The food deserves 2 or 3 stars but the Happy Hour is awesome.  It's a great place for cheap drinks in the Happiest (and most expensive) Place on Earth. The staff was friendly.  I've eaten their a few times and I have to say that the salads are better than the burgers- how that's possible, who knows?  Anyway, it wouldn't be my "go-to" for food in Downtown Disney (Wolfgang Pucks or even Earl of Sandwich would be), but the atmosphere is cool and being able to sit outside and booze is never a bad thing.
Good food, great for concerts. Expensive pricing but hey .. its Disney.
Wow... this place was incredibly disappointing. I got the Jambalaya- which was sooo salty. It was really tasteless, except for the tomato base. The spicy Andouille Sausage was not spicy in the slightest. My parents got the Grouper Sandwich which was $10. My dad actually sniffed his fish after taking his first bite to see if it was rotten. They both said it was incredibly dry and that without the tarter sauce, it would have been barely edible. There was hardly any fish in the sandwich. The watermelon spritzer was so artificial tasting too. Altogether the meal cost $62. If you are in Downtown Disney and looking for a good lunch that is a great price- go to Earl of Sandwich- best hot sandwiches I have ever eaten...and each are about $6.50 each.
Like other reviewers mentioned, it's not a spectacular venue because of all the pillars blocking the views of the stage unless of course you like to be crushed on the floor with other hardcore concert goers in front of the stage. There's literally, maybe, 4 barstools in the entire venue and it's pointless to view the show from a booth off to the side, you won't see a thing. There's a VIP section upstairs, I think I've been there a handful of times and know they have more benches but again, you've got annoying pillars blocking your view. The prices for drinks are ridiculous - $3.50 for a bottle of water, imagine how much an actual drink is. I'm surprised more people don't swear off the bar all together. I do have to commend the audio system and the time management of HoB. Everything sounds great and you're pretty much guaranteed to be done with a show by 11pm or midnight which I can totally appreciate, especially for weekday shows when I have to work the next day.
I came here for the sunday gospel brunch, and was shocked. The food was great, such a great selection, and everything I tried was tasty. Lots of southern food. the music was awesome, some very impressive voices. I need to come here during normal hours on my next visit to Orlando, so I can update this review with the rest of it.
We ate here on Monday evening after a day at the parks. We had a reservation and were early and they seated us immediately. I ordered the lobster Mac and cheese and it was pretty good. My boyfriend had the steak and it was wonderful as well. The live musician on the patio was playing some really great tunes!! All in all it was a great experience.
My review is for the music venue only. I have been here about 15 times over the past 10 years. I'm not sure why, but the security here is just ridiculous. I have been to other HOB venues around the country and this one in particular, you walk in from Disney-world to Enforcement-land. There were actually female security officers looking under the stalls for people smoking, this weekend. I understand you want to protect the general public, but most people at this 18 and over venue can handle some lady smoking pot in the bathroom. There are always police officers and security throughout the venue. For such a small venue, I am not sure why they have to go all out on the security force. The venue itself is just as good as any other HOB, plenty of bars, bartenders, strong drinks. Plenty of smoking areas outside. The sound is good, and there's TVs streaming the show in the bathrooms. These TVs are not for you you rebel pot smokers though. Get in, pee, and get back to the show.
As a venue for live acts, this ranks lowest for me.  Basically, unless you're in the first few rows on the floor up in the VIP area in the balcony, you're going to have obstructed view.   There are these columns everywhere, they get in the way.  If you're up on the main floor, the balcony ceiling hangs so low, you won't be able to get a clear shot of the stage. Sound is good though.  Drinks are Disney priced, but the bartenders can be jerks.   The restaurant is sub-par.  Ok if you're hot, hungry and looking for a snack and will pay any price for said snack.  Don't make a special trip out there for it though.
If there is an artist appearing here in the future that I feel like I really have to see I will first make sure there is no other possible venue to attend first. I would much rather drive a great distance and pay much more for tickets rather than attend a show here. First of all, the place is just straight up dangerous. They so oversell tickets that can't even hardly move through the venue. If there was ever a fire in here during a concert you should probably prepare to die. Second, by time they let people in and manage their horrendously long line, if you are toward the back, you are going to miss the beginning of the show. Also, since you can't move, nor can their employees, there is zero service anywhere other than at the bar itself. Also, for the same reason, if there are any problems during the show there is nothing the staff can do about it. Of course there is no seating and all shows are SRO, so if you can't comfortably stand up for 2-3 hours you are SOL. Finally, the acoustics are horrible making the sound quality of the show poor at best. So, as much as we enjoyed Cyndi Lauper here on Sunday night, I will be highly unlikely to return to this venue for a show.
*Review for restaurant only, not club* This restaurant only earned three stars instead of two, because the place is worth going to because its The House of Blues. Honestly, I'm never a huge fan of chain restaurants. Even ones like this. I always seem to find that the service in not usually very personal, the menu items lack creativity and are over-priced and in general the atmosphere is lacking. I would say that this is also true here. I went to the HOB for a dessert and drink with 3 friends after walking around Downtown Disney for a bit. We ordered 3 desserts (which is as many as they have on their menu) : the Key Lime Pie, the White Chocolate Banana Bread Pudding and the Decadent Dark Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake. All three desserts were good and not too horribly pricey. But they were only good. Nothing to write home about. I also ordered a drink...some sort of banana rum thing. I can't remember the name of it. It was $10 (that's pretty expensive, especially for a not-fancy place) as were all the drinks on the menu (except beer and wine). They only perk regarding the price is that some of the drinks come with a souvenir glass. But not all of them...so you pay $10 and you may or may not get to keep the glass...the menu lets you know. Also, if you eat in the back part of the restaurant (as we did) you lose a lot of the "cool" atmosphere. However, if you eat in the front of the restaurant and there is a band playing, its VERY loud. Outside there is a neat little lounge area with a musician playing and a bar. No food is available outside though. I don't not recommend the HOB, but I also don't recommend it. It's good, but not great. Check it out if you want to. *I marked that the cost is moderate ($11-30) but its definitely on the high end of that and you could spend more $30-$60 if you get a meal and drinks, especially if you get dessert too*
This review pertains to the restaurant. As a music venue, House of Blues is pretty nice--whoever does their sound does a great job, because it was amazing the time I went. Unfortunately, as a restaurant things are not so good. First we ordered drinks. I got a caipirihna and my companion got a mojito. We had to send them back--they were incredibly nasty. The bartender did not know what s/he was doing. Next, our burgers arrived. I had asked for medium-rare and my companion had asked for medium. Both burgers were extremely well-done. My fries were cold. It was very disappointing since the server had asked us how we wanted our burgers cooked, but no attention was actually given to accurate execution. From this I took that they actually cook their burgers all the same. On the plus side, the cornbread was phenomenal and our server was very nice, but these things could not induce me to eat there again. I will, however, be back for the music.
The house of Blues is pretty cool.  It's fashioned like an old shack from the deep south.  While it looks run down, you know that's intentional and all a part of the experience.  That being said, I like the atmosphere here. The food is delicious.  You need to try the corn bread.  Everything I ate was above average.  I was really surprised by that. The service was good and our waitress went out of her way to give us a good experience.  She got an extra tip for that. I'd definitely visit again if given the opportunity.
I love this House of Blues. It's a great venue to see a show, and the food at the restaurant is great. Drink prices aren't bad considering, and there is not a bad seat in the house. Sold out shows are a bit of a pain, though, as it gets really crowded and difficult to get around, but, hey, it's that way at any sold out venue. Parking is easy, plus if you go early, there's plenty of other things to see and do in the Downtown Disney area. There are also other restaurants if you don't fancy eating Cajun style food. All in all, a great place to see some live music!
I came here for the Sunday Gospel Brunch, something I've also done in LA. But the food served was different. Where's the shrimp n grits? Also, someone needs to control the line outside a bit better. There should only be 1 line. For the people standing by the front door, make them go to the BACK of the line, not wander in with the rest of us waiting nicely in line. I liked the LA location better. But even so, the Sunday Gospel Brunch is so much fun, it is still worth 4 stars.
"The House Of Blues." To me, the name itself is the stuff of legends. I'll admit, I've wanted to go to a House of Blues for so long that my imagination and expectations probably skewed my perception of what this place really ended up being... basically, it wasn't what I imagined it to be... but that's not necessarily a bad thing (or a good thing). The atmosphere of the restaurant is much different than expected, but it's obvious that there was a lot of thought put into the design and atmosphere. The food is good. It didn't have me high-fiving a million angels or dancing in my chair. But if I were to eat at Downtown Disney, I'd probably go back. The Venue is probably one of my favorites. It's right at that breaking point between a big and a small venue. That means that although you can cram a lot of people into the same room to enjoy the show, the setting is still intimate (not at all like a stadium or arena).
Have been to HOB many times and it's the usual "tourist" fair! Overpriced food and it's generally not that fabulous! I go to concerts at HOB, so usually when I've eaten there it's only because I'm going to a concert. Ordered a cheeseburger and so did the person I was with. She asked to leave off the lettuce, tomato and pickle, however I DID NOT! So, of course we get our food and both plates don't have lettuce, tomato or pickles. The guy dropping off the food can't get away from us fast enough! It took our waitress almost 10 mins to come to the table to see if the food was ok. I'm sorry to be witchy about that, but that is an ultimate pet peeve of mine when eating out. I needed mustard and the other stuff for my burger! I just paid $13 for a cheeseburger, I want what I want on it dang it!!! By then you have a cold burger! Not that great HOB, get it together!!!
I have so many good memories linked to HOB! Maybe because i had been working in WDW and the latinos Tuesday nights were just epic. Now that i am back in Europe i miss that!
House of Blues is one of my favorite places to go to catch a show.  It's a small venue; so your show feels intimate but not crowded.  I've seen everyone from Flogging Molly to Fuel at this location and I'm impressed every time.  If you don't like being smooshed in the "pit," you can always go up to one of the higher levels and have plenty of room to enjoy your music without being uncomfortable. Another highlight of HOB is their Sunday "Service Industry Night."  My sister dragged me out one night and to be honest... I wasn't expecting much on a Sunday evening.  Well, by 11pm the place was packed.  By 12am there was an unbelievable party going on and a line wrapped around the building.  The crowd was mostly tourists... but the music was excellent and everyone was having a great time. The only thing I don't like about HOB is their overpriced drinks.  But... I guess that's to be expected at any nightclub destination in the touristy area of Orlando.
I have been to the Orlando HOB exactly 'fourice' - twice for concerts, and twice to have dinner.  I will separate the two for organizational sake, below, but rest assured, I found both to be very worthy experiences! CONCERT VENUE I attended both the Dan Band appearance and the Jimmy Eat World show here and boy, was I glad!   On both ocassions, I found the line to enter literally wrap around the back of the building, down the walkway, all the way down to Wetzel's Pretzels.  Even though I had tickets in hand, I was a little concerned that I would not be able to get in!  Fear aside, however, once the line started moving and I made it through bag check, I was surprised to see a decent sized venue - with an excellent 'Goldilocks' ratio; not too big, not too small! I liked how the room was divided up, from stage and floor space, back up a step or two to railings and easing into the rear area bar.  Once the band started up, it was still possible to move from level to level with relative ease. DINING This restaurant is also much more cavernous than it leads on, without losing any personality.  From the main room, where you can experience live music, to the separated, more intimate spaces, you can enjoy a nice experience with your fellow diners.  While I cannot recall what I enjoyed there on my second experience, I can almost still taste what I had the first time I went there...JAMBALAYA!  The serving was immense (took more than half home) but just as quality as the evident quantity. In the future, I would love to return and partake in their Gospel Brunch.
Although I lack the knowledge of the restaurant side, I'd like to think that I am quite the opposite of the music venue. I can therefore testify that it is quite decent. Not the best, but far from the worst as well. Finding a good place to stand is always the toughest obstacle when trying to enjoy a concert. I find that the areas closest to the sound engineers have the best sound, and that anywhere else seem to lack any decent view in addition to the lack of decent sound. There are pillars inconveniently placed around the lower floor, and since being on the main "dance" floor is out of the question for a short person like me, the slightly raised floor around it is my next best option. I then have to be strategic about where I stand so that I am not blocked by the pillars, constantly being run over by people wanting to pass through, or the giant speakers that are next to the stage. The other option is the very front of the balcony, but that spot is so incredibly rare that I think I have a better chance of becoming famous for my writing skills. Mostly because I have never made it to the venue more than 1 1/2 hours prior to showtime. The bars are well-stocked like most other venues are, and lack the assortment of unique drinks like most other venues do. They are also just as overpriced. If you get hungry, they do serve food and you can order them from the bar. Nothing amazing, but when you are starving, it would most certainly do. In terms of service, I have only run into one bartender that I can actually label as friendly. So they're all really just A-OK. I've been here for a lot of concerts of varying genres, and also other events. And though I've never thought, "damn it, not that place again!" I've also never been overly excited when something is held here. I have a feeling this would not change anytime soon. But I do hope that one day I will get to actually experience the restaurant side.
We originally intended to eat over at Paradiso 37, but between the cold and running a little late, we decided to grab dinner at the House of Blues instead. I've been coming to Downtown Disney since it opened, and have somehow never actually made it in here for a meal before. Seated in the middle section right next to the stage, I felt a little bit cramped, but not horribly so. My mother asked what we could order that we would be out within an hour. The waitress was friendly and quick to offer helpful suggestions and opinions about items on the menu. Moments after ordering our food, our cornbread appetizer arrived. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was tasty enough. We had barely started on our appetizer when the waitress brought our food. She remarked that  she had mentioned to the cooks that we were on a schedule to the cooks, and they had expedited our food. Who were we to complain? The waitress checked in a few more times, fetching refills and making sure everything was fine. Great service. My meatloaf was decent, and my mother seemed to like her wild mushroom pasta. The prices are a little bit expensive, but you pretty much expect that coming to any restaurant on Disney property. Not the best restaurant in the area, but a solid experience.
On the surface, HOB is a complex mixture of symbolism: fire, Hell, the black experience, bar-b-que, smoke, sin, salvation, music, damnation, and gospel. All this on Disney property, mind you. A little creepy at first. But the bottom line here is good food, good music, and good times. All 3 delivered. House of Blues Orlando is located in Downtown Disney beneath a huge water tower. People visiting the House of Blues will see the artwork of Mr. Imagination, from Bethlahem, Pennsylvania, including his famous Arch. In keeping with tradition, the House of Blues Orlando displays the "Crazy Quilt" and keeps a metal box of mud from the Delta Mississippi underneath its stage. The restaurant offers burgers, sandwiches, salads, pasta, seafood, bar-b-qued ribs, and many other entrees. We were short on time and had a burger, fries, and brew. Service and food were very good.
Definitely pricey for a chain restaurant but what else would you expect in downtown Disney you're paying for the location in central tourist-ville.   Walked right in around 5pm after a long day at Animal Kingdom.  We were seated immediately and got our drinks in a timely manner.  The menu is not extensive but covers the basics with some twists.  My absolute favorite part of my meal was the sweet potato fries I devoured those immediately and wished I had more.   Service was good and by the time we left just after 6pm there was quite a crowd starting to gather for the dinner hours. Good place to go for happy hour and of course a side of sweet potato fries!
Didn't see a show at this particular HOB, but I had some of the best late night snacks...they had these amazing fries smothered in cheese!  Then some amazing desert afterwards. HOB - Orlando/Lake Buena Vista is located in the heart of Downtown Disney.
If you are at Disney World, already been to Epcot, and looking for some good food, make your way to House of Blues in Downtown Disney.   The food is a little pricey, but it is well worth every cent. The appetizers are half price from 3 (I believe) to 5pm.  So that helps.  But again,  WELL worth the price.  The pizza, gumbo, and cheeseburger were batting on 1000!   I'm giving them a 4 only because 1)  it took 15 minutes to be seated and another 15 minutes for someone to take our drink orders...went completely smooth after that, and 2) Yelp doesn't allow for half stars (should be 4.5).   We did not stay for the bands or anything, so this review is solely based on the food.
Stopped into House of Blues while checking out the festival of the Masters and had lunch with about 10 of my friends.  We had no reservation so we had to wait about 10 min for a table.  They sat us out in the back room behind the main bar.  It was not that busy so we guess they needed time to set up a long table for 10.  Anyway,  our server  Fred was very nice and did a great job with all of us.   I had ordered one of the HOB burgers with blue cheese and fried onion rings.  It was cooked to order and tasted great.  This is about the 5th time I have eaten at HOB and it has been a good experience each time I have been here.  Its chain type food but I have had worse... I enjoyed it and will be coming back again.  Enjoy!
Located in Downtown Disney, my thoughts are that most of these restaurants are going to be the same: they all serve basic food to everybody. This means nothing too special. Look for "bacon-wrapped meatloaf" - I assure you it's on the menu at Wolfgang Puck, Bongo's, and Raglan's. "Ahi tuna salad" is another common thing. My sister and I came here for dinner one night during our Disney stay. I think what appealed to us the most was the drinks menu. Unfortunately we missed their happy hour deal. There was an extensive list and our waitress was able to give us some good recommendations. I honestly don't remember what we ordered, but they served  some strong drinks. They even allow you to do the drink to-go if you can't finish. Makes it feel kinda wrong to do in such a family-oriented place, doesn't it? Price-wise, this place is a bit expensive. There was one thing about service that displeased me and usually I don't have this issue. I was double-charged on my credit card. Calling House of Blues takes lots of patience when you're going through their automated voice system. This issue took about a week to resolve and perhaps 3-4 calls with an actual person. The experience was just annoying.
Ambiance: 4 stars Food: 4 stars Service: 4 stars Okay, okay, I know there are so many of these in Southern California, but it was my first time ever! And I happened to be in Downtown Disney in Orlando and could not find another place I wanted to eat at more. The wait was not too bad. It was about fifteen minutes, max, if I remembered correctly. Our server was a really cool guy who gave good recommendations on food and also asked if we needed anything from time to time. I had the ribs, I forgot what they are called at the moment, but it was so good! And the cole slaw was also pretty amazing. Fries were okay too. A good meal at a good place with good energy. I definitely have to try out the other HOBs now.
The hurricane drink was good! And you get to keep the glass. I liked the atmosphere and decor. The pulled pork sliders and red skin mashed potatoes were good.
Went to the HOB for the first time for Gospel Brunch. Surprisingly the gospel show was very entertaining. The food was very good. I tried just about all savory dishes and liked most of them. I love soul food but often many restaurants leave the diners less than desire. My waistline cannot afford this delicious brunch too often. It would be nice if they have this as a la carte so I could enjoy the food and still have control.
Holy Shite I had fun here.  The dudes on stage who looked and sounded like the Blues Brothers were really good, to my total surprise.   Came here for a company party. The whole club ahd been rented out, full open bar all night. Goodies but oldies performed by the pseudo Blues Brothers. Everyone had a blast and I don't know if I would have had as much fun had I gone on a regular night. Who cares.
Situated right outside of Disneyworld Orlando, HOB is a nice bar and restaurant.  The place is very large, with a shop and bar in the front and a huge dining area in front of a stage where local musicians (and on occasion famous folk) perform. The food was good, and the drinks were excellent.  The margarita bombs we had were great.  Our work team went out to Orlando for a team-building exercise and it was my first week there. Definitely go to this place if you're in the area.  It's a refeshingly adult scene juxtaposed with the kid-centric DisneyWorld.
I don't know what exactly my expectations were when we walked into this place but I did expect better... I know this may sound kind of dumb but the lighting at our table was red and it actually gave me a headache but it was so crowded that we didn't want to wait anymore!  the wait service was just oki...nothing special...and the same with the food unfortunately... we started out with the Calamari which was pretty good and a little different because it was spicy, a side salad, and cornbread (I never have complaints about cornbread).  For my entree I had a steak...but unfortunately there isn't much I can really say about it because it really wasn't that special...my mom makes better steaks with way more flavor!   it wasn't a horrible night or anything because I was in great company but I don't think I will be going back.  you never know till you try and at least I won't be wondering about this place next time!
Of the "theme park venues" in Orlando, I prefer HOB to Hard Rock Live. It's smaller and the parking's free, so you're more likely to have a better, more intimate experience here (though the place is still pretty huge). There's no smoking inside, which is great. I can't count how many times I've been here, and a good amount of those experiences have been positive. With that said, here's what sucks about HOB: --Security can be a BIT overzealous at times. I understand that their jobs are tough and thankless as I work in a similar field, but endangering others in order to "keep people safe" (which should always be the prime objective of security) is unnecessary. Let the kids have a little fun. Pushing them around won't correct their behavior, it'll only stroke your ego. --The drink prices inside the venue are very high, but given that it's on Disney property I guess that's to be expected. Still, prepare to spend at least six dollars on a beer and eight dollars on a well drink. --Thermostat control: I understand the need to crank down the AC when the place is sold out, but for a half-full concert, there's no need to keep the temperature at hypothermia-inducing levels. --Every once in a while, Disney will not allow certain artists to perform here. I understand that the venue is on private property and that it's within their rights to do so, but I'm not a fan of that sort of blatant censorship of art.
Did the family vacation thing. Did Downtown Disney, and ate at House of Blues.... mmmnm, honestly it was better than I thought it would be. Ordered the Spinach dip, salad, and gumbo... everything was delicious, I would have liked a fresher salad, instead of one that probably sat in the fridge all day, but thats ok. for a dinner for 3 of us. Bill was 70 bucks, a little pricey but oh well, it was vacation  ;)
The only reason I was able to grab a bite from here was because it was across from Disney Quest where I was at during the day. We got pulled in realizing Aaron Sanchez created the menu and thought why not. Hmm.. The food was alright the menu was actually pretty plain. It was a mix of bbq like and southern food. I got the Jambalaya and others got the smoked bacon burger, buttermilk chicken and ribs. I enjoyed my jambalaya a lot but found that it was a bit pricey like the other dishes plus the others didn't enjoy their food as much and thought it was "okay".
Came here on New Year's Eve. We had reservations for lunch at noon so there was no problem finding a table. Our waitress was average at best. We saw her roughly 4 times during our meal- her handing us menus, bringing drinks, taking order, and getting the check. (Other servers brought out our meals)Our drinks were empty for most of the meal and the food was ok.
I've seen 2 shows here and personally have loved them both. Putting aside that I am going to see an artist that I already know I like, the venue and atmosphere play a huge part in my opinion of a show. Acoustics are awesome here. It feels pretty homey so the sing along songs are great. I don't walk away with bleeding ears but also never have trouble hearing the music. It can get really crowded and if you don't lay claim to a stool or a rail to lean on somewhere, you can be subjected to a horrible pillar view or just an uncomfortable place to stand. Both times I've been here, we showed up halfway through the first act and pickings were getting slim, but still not too bad. Get here right before the main act starts and you've made your own bed; you probably aren't going to have a good view. Buy a LOGE seat and you will get a roped off section upstairs with assigned seating. Good view, not crowded... probably worth the extra money if you want to keep it low key. Bathrooms somehow are never overflowing or disgusting, despite the raunchy conversation usually taking place there. Any venue that can attract a big name artist will have expensive beer; deal with it or don't drink. With that said, there are enough beer tubs and bars around to not have to wait forever to get a drink. That's a big plus to me. Parking in Downtown Disney in general can be a nightmare, but the lot in the La Nouba/HOB area extends farther than some other areas, so it's never too bad getting in and out of here. And the parking is free which is more than I can say for many concert venues. I can't compare to other HOB venues, but comparing to other show venues in general, it's definitely above average. I'm sure I'll be back. The pillars alone keep it from being 5 stars, they take away valuable seating/viewing area.
We came for dinner at approximately 5:30 PM when we approached the counter we were told there was a 30 minute wait. I figured that we could walk around and entertain ourselves but 30 minutes so we accepted this and left our cell phone number. We returned about 40 minutes later and the table was not ready yet. They did call us in another 10 minutes. We were seated in the dining area closer to the stage and it was fairly painless. The tables are quite tightly packed there along the sides. We waited about eight or nine minutes and our server showed up. She was nice and took our drink order and appetizer order and returned promptly with the drinks. Sodas are $3.25 plus tax and tip...welcome to Disney...  I ordered the jerk chicken wings based on a good review of them here on yelp. We also ordered the spinach dip and chicken quesadilla. The quesadillas are $14.99.  They were decent with good flavor but the salsa was quite hot, it was not appropriate for children whatsoever. The jerk wings were very spicy and also not appropriate for children. The wings themselves were clearly cooked earlier and perhaps reheated in a frying pan with the sauce, they were not crispy and the texture was quite stringy.  The spinach dip is served with flour-based tortilla chips and the flavor was quite good and it was large for an appetizer spinach dip. We ran out of chips and the waitress asked if we wanted more which was very nice and observant of her. My son ordered a steak Caesar salad which was approximately $15. It was average and probably had about 3 ounces of meat, which was not steak on it.  It was obviously precooked this morning.  The flavor was pretty good. I ordered the shrimp and grits at $19. There were six medium-sized tail on shrimp and some spicy cream sauce on a gritcake, with several halved grape tomatoes. It was also quite spicy. The flavor was quite good.  The plate was very large but the food was not. If we had not ordered appetizers we would have left hungry. There was music playing in the background via the PA and the service was efficient. All in all it was quite a tourist trap that had passable food and decent service but I would not come back. There are many good options in Orlando that have excellent food so it seems silly to waste your dining time at a place like this. Once was good to try it out but more would just be silly.
For a great meal try the shrimp and grits! Just a middle heat with a clean fresh shrimp flavor, the BBQ sliders are off the chain with the sweet coleslaw mixed with slow pulled pork and rich tomato BBQ sauce. The chicken wings where awesome
All I have to say is: OUR BARTENDER ROCKED!! Anyone will fall in love with a heavy handed bartender. I wish I would've paid enough attention to remember his name. He was very attentive, which was surprising because he was so busy. We ordered the 'all together' appetizer - and it was wonderful - EXCEPT when I pulled a long blond hair out of my mouth. EWWW. Yes, pretty disgusting. The bartender quickly whisked the plate away and put in an order for another one. I think had I NOT been so hungry - I would've noticed the hair prior to putting it in my mouth!!! We received a piping hot plate of the same appetizers and I think this time around everything tasted much better. So, the bartender comp'd us a round. It was happy hour (3 pm. - 5 pm) and the prices were more than reasonable. This is definitely a place to visit and I say that despite the hair!
Come to Orlando and NOT visit the House of Blues is no option! My family and I visited for Sunday brunch before heading back home. Let me just say, it was out of this world!!! There was more food than I have ever seen in one place and variety galore! Shrimp cocktail, omelets, chocolate desserts, bloody Mary, mimosas..... sign me up for more! As if the food wasn't enough, their gospel choir entertainment was pure joy.
Great service and atmosphere. Fried chicken was great and kids enjoyed their meals. Highly recommend.
The fried chicken will blow your mind, I promise. Oh, and late night happy hour. Cheep beer and chicken fried crack -- um, yes? Minus 2 stars for lazy servers. Rude!
We had a great time here! First of all - after seeing the prices at the Disney locations for drinks, when we saw the happy hour prices, we felt like we were in heaven. So we bunkered down outside and got drinks and half priced appetizers. This is the best place to just sit outside, have a great time, and pay an arm and a leg to do it (which apparently is rare in this part surrounding Disney). The bartender was really nice, and all of the server staff as well as the retail store staff was excellent. I had never been to a House of Blues before and the atmosphere was really cool! If I ever get back to Orlando, this is where you will find me!
Neat place to see smaller bands. If you like standing for 4+ hours. Very nice inside, nice bar area, nice layout. But I'm no into standing for hours on end to see a band. So the rating is more like 3.5 instead of 3. But they do need more seating to the side. Drink prices are what you would expect to pay on a disney property.
When I was planning our dinners while at Disney, when I looked at Downtown Disney something told me that we needed to eat at House of Blues.  I'm very glad we did! Our reservation was made and we were seated in a timely manner upon our arrival.  This was our first night at Disney and we had been out in the sun all day so the calming atmosphere and the very friendly staff made for a relaxing meal. My hubby ordered their specialty burger and he's tried many a burger in his time an said it was one of the best.  I decided on the pulled pork and needless to say my plate was empty before I knew it.  They asked if we wanted to take our drinks with us and they came back with new large disposable cups for us to enjoy as we continued our trek around Downtown. I will definitely visit again when I visit Disney again.  I would love to see a show or two there to see how their ambiance rises when there's live music.  But I have no doubt that it would be a great night!
I'm in town for a conference (see: yelp.com/biz/SaBl650TOjm… -- slightly drunk-ish Yelp about my hotel) and one of our vendor-partners threw a big party for clients and partners at this venue. DK's right - it is an oasis of adult-ness in the Disneyworld universe, albeit a carefully themed and appointed oasis.  What was most impressive was the service and servers.  The area we were in was jam packed with hooting, dancing, eating and drinking I.T. geeks letting loose and floor and bar service was flawless throughout the whole event.  The live music was geezerish but bouncy and a propos for the crowd. Gotta hand it to the folks at HOB Orlando for a great time.
We went while on vacation hoping to hear live music, unfortunately there is only music on Saturday's and Sunday's... And it was memorial day! So, we just got to eat. I will say the gumbo was actually real Louisiana style gumbo, very good. But the rest of the meal was just average. And the $3.00 soft drinks is a little ridiculous.. Only go if there is music playing!
The only thing good about the resturaunt is the cornbread, everything else is okay, it's not bad just super price inflated because it's Disney. I really like the concert hall. I've been to soo many concerts there and haven't really had a bad time, unless you count sitting through crappy opening bands. It's spacious, the bouncers are friendly and nice and really chill. Here is what I hate, which is 100% my opinion. I've seen 1766364564 bands there, some are on the rock/metal side (Static-X, Mudvayne, ect) who are no longer allowed to play at this fantastic location because it does not potray the "Disney image".  OK, so Disney is okay with Ke$ha, and Soldja boy performing there, despite their lyrics being against the military, about drugs and whatever. Even the waitresses hate that new rule because the type of people that attend rap concerts, don't tip.And the people who go see the "hardcore screamo" bands are like 15 years old who can't even go to the bar to tip. It would seem like a poor business choice to exclude those type of bands, I'm not boycotting it or anything, just really sucks because HOB is a staple for bands of that size-Hard Rock and Amway Arena are no way as good.
I really enjoyed this place. Walked around Downtown Disney and just wanted to stop in for a few. After looking at the menu I couldn't help myself. I ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese which was phenomenal. You could taste the flavor in the cheese and lobster. My Gf had the build your own burger with bacon and it was pretty good as well. Happy hour goes until close so I had a Long Island iced tea which was pretty good on top of the fact it was under $4. Definitely hit this place up
Overall a disappointment.  Came here with the family. Wasn't much of a wait, they seated us quickly which was nice.  We were in the back room, by the lake.  First problem, you could barely hear the music in that room, it was coming out muffled from the main room next door.  One of the main reasons you go there is for the music, right?  Ordered appetizers and our entrees.  Only one appetizer came out. When we asked about the second appetizer, the waiter seemed to have forgotten about it.  He went to "check", which probably was to actually order it.  That appetizer then came out with our entrees.  Hate that, but we were all hungry so I didn't send it back.  They messed up one of our entrees, so had to send that back and get the correct one.  Hate that.  Food was nothing special at all.... Just ok.  Not worth the trip, I would not go back.
What a great experience!!   We had no reservations on a Friday night at 8pm. Was expecting a long wait. Was told 30 minutes which was super reasonable.  Grabbed a drink at the outside bar.  Wife had a frozen piña colada and I had a moonshine.  Great drinks.  Definitely going to try the moonshine again.  Buzzer went off in about 10 minutes. We were seated in the back area. Maria was our server. We had the fish tacos to start.  Very good. Very spicy. My wife had the jambalaya with shrimp added.  It had way more meat than rice and was excellent.   I had the beef dip with sweet potatoes fries. Sweet potato fries were great and so was the beef dip. The horseradish sauce with it was good. I dipped my fries in it and put it on the sandwich Great atmosphere great food geat service.
I went to see Styx tonight at House of Blues in Downtown Disney.   I had never been to H of B before, but I saw Styx in concert about a year and a half ago in Nevada and it was so incredible I had to see them again since I had the chance here.  Amazingly Styx was awful tonight, but this is about H of B.  I will never attend a concert hear again.  Plan on standing all night.  Five hours.  In this barn that holds who knows how many hundreds of people groping each other all night there is maybe 6 stools.  The place is a human sardine can.  And before all that, I was scammed by a bouncer while waiting in line outside who told me I needed to buy a food ticket to be in the line I was in.  A lie.  When I got inside if I really had wanted the crappy microwave pizza I had paid $20 for I could have got it inside for $5.  I complained to the food server about it and her response was "but you're also getting a bag of chips and a soda"!  The same woman short changed the guy in front of me.   Tourist Traps are certainly not unusual in Orlando, you just wouldn't expect one (and this big of operation) on Disney property.  BTW, the concert was only 90 min long so if you do the math that was three and a half hours of waiting.
I've been here once or twice before, but it was never anything extremely memorable. Drove down last night to spend the night running around LBV with my niece and nephew before they leave town. Rainforest had an hour wait and my nephew made a comment that he had never been to HOB; decision made easy. They quoted a twenty minute wait which gave us time to browse the shop and peruse the menu. We had a plan: we wanted to order when we sat down because we were headed back to the park. I was starving! So I ordered a plate of sweet potato fries for an app to share. They were tasty and fresh, but not exactly hot enough for me. They sat on the counter for a minute or two too long. For my entree I ordered the Spinach and Pepper Penne. It had a good amount of roasted garlic and Parmesan all served in a white wine sauce. In classic chain restaurant style, the portion was a little larger than I really needed it to be, but I ate every single bite. While the desserts looked good, we passed because they had other plans for Ghiaradelli.
The good part is that we were seated as soon as we walked in. We ordered Calamari, Cup of Gumbo, and Veggie Burger. I have to say that my iced tea was very good. The calamari had to be the worst we've ever had. We each took one bite and couldn't eat it. It was so oily that you could see the oil dripping off the squid. I didn't understand the thinking of the calamari dish. Why would they ruin it with adding shredded cheese and chopped olives on it. The mix of these flavors was the worst I've ever tasted. My husband said that his veggie burger was not very good. My cup of gumbo was a little too plain for me. I had to add a bunch of garlic chili sauce and salt to make it taste better. I was planning on ordering more once I tasted my appetizers but after the dissatisfaction, decided to skip the dinner here. Although our waitress noticed that my husband finished his glass of water, she never refilled it.
Nothing too fancy.  Came here for lunch, not too bad.  There are many other selections in downtown disney with more variety depending on the kind of food you are looking for.  i got the pastrami sandwich on rye which wasn't anything extravagant.   At the end of the day still not bad.
We were seated very quickly at this downtown Disney spot on a Saturday night (which is primarily the reason we ended up here after other spots gave us 45-60 min waits). The menu features great Louisiana classics (gumbo, jambalaya,etc.). The calamari app was serve with a very interesting sauce; my friends étouffée was "great" (I'll take her word on it A's I don't eat fish). The waitress was friendly & quick with our drinks & food, so it was a pretty good night.
House of Blues can best be described as "Mehtastic."  (That is a really big "Meh" for those who are wondering). The service was glacially slow, but we were a party of seven.  That means that the waitress already had a lock on the minimum tip, and House of Blues is evidently one of those places where that means that you can expect the worst possible service. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which is supposedly their most popular menu item. The BBQ sauce on it was almost comically sweet, as if to introduce people who have never had BBQ before to the concept of sauce.  I upgraded to the sweet potato fries, which were unextraordinary. Our table was very tight and uncomfortable. I am reminded of a theory that I have regarding wine: Never drink a wine in a pretty bottle.  If the wine were good, it wouldn't need it. Great BBQ restaurants don't need ambiance or decorations.  For that matter, they don't even need walls in my book.  House of Blues is all show and no go when it comes to the food.
Located in Downtown Disney. I am reviewing the resturant portion only. Went to this location twice over the course of a five day trip. You couldnt beat the $3 drink specials, B1G1 appitizer specials and the live band.  I wish I would have taken the time to see if the band would be performing the following day or when they may visit the HOB in Atlanta.  It probably is a house band, because some of the people that work there were really grooving and acting as if they knew the set list already. I went with the catfish fingers and sweet potaote fries both times, and each time the catfish was fried perfectly and the sweet pototae fries were some of the best I've ever had. The drinks are strong, the staff is friendly and the food is good.  You cant go wrong at this HOB.
Having been to many a concert venue in my life, I have to say that House of Blues Orlando (unfortunately, I haven't made it out to any of the other HOB's), is one of my favorites. Why? Well, for one thing it is clean and smoke free. It is incredible what a difference it makes when you come home smelling almost as fresh as when you left, rather than like a smelly cigarette-soaked pile of garbage left out in the rain. Also, the restrooms are well maintained and staffed, which in today's day & age is unheard of. Yes, there are certain areas of House of Blues that are less-than-ideal when it comes to seeing the stage. However, if you really want a good spot, all you need to do is get there early and make sure you get a spot in the pit. For those who would rather stand along the outside of the pit and/or upstairs, I feel like it is still an enjoyable experience. I have done this a few times with friends at shows here, and have even managed to get lucky enough to snag a small table once or twice. As a few people have noted, the audio quality at HOB is incredible. Sooooo much better than the variety of small clubs and/or venues I have been to in various other cities across FL. Yes, drinks and food are pricy. But that pretty much comes along with the territory of going to a concert venue, doesn't it? The fact that the venue has an upstairs/downstairs during certain shows can be frustrating because with so many people it can make it difficult to get upstairs to go see the merch. And actually, their strict no-camera policy and the security pat down at times feels a little over-the-top. At least in theory this makes the venue safer. Overall, HOB definitely has its good points and bad points as a concert venue. But I am still leaving my rating as 5 stars, simply because I have yet to find any other similarly-priced ticket venue that is nicer and cleaner.
There's not a whole lot to the menu here, some pretty basic food at the standard inflated DT Disney prices. We both ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy this time around, and it was uninteresting.  Fried shrimp, lettuce, mayo and tomato on a roll that could fit twice as much as it carried.  Luckily there were 4 different types of hot sauce on the table, we picked the unanimous favorite and drained the bottle to make our sandwiches just a little more interesting.  Not a good value for $13 each. The service was good for us.  The waitress was friendly, asked about our day, etc.  No problems on that front. In the end, it's decent, easy food.  Next time I'll probably eat somewhere different, though.
Came here for a work related event, where we rented out the entire place. It was a very well organized event with plenty of food, staff and drinks. The service was very attentive and the food was well prepared and tasty. I live that they have two outdoor areas upstairs where you can retreat to the open air and have a few cocktails. The pulled pork, BBQ chicken, macaroni and cheese and jalapeno corn bread were the items of not on the menu. They also have PBR in tall boy cans! How could you not want to come to this place!
This review is strictly for the concert venue, not the restaurant. Maybe there is just a lack of overall good, small concert venues in Orlando, but I love the House of Blues for this purpose.  Every time I go and see a show here, I know I am guaranteed to be in close proximity to the band, and the sound will be good.  I've seen a huge variety of shows here ranging from metal bands to more mainstream acts, and each show has been done with good sound quality.  Yes, there are some odd pillars here and there, but many times it is just a matter of knowing where you like to be, and getting there in time to be there.   It is the price you pay for a smaller venue with general admission.  The bars are all around the outside of the stage area, and in some shows, they have waitresses walk through with beers, which makes things convenient.   Overall, every time a band that I like is playing here, I most assuredly go, and tend to prefer this over larger amphitheater and arena venues.
Meh. Service is good. The food is okay. Overall the experience wasn't very memorable and neither was the burger.  Sorry, House of Blues!
I can't believe this was my first time in a House of Blues..  I loved the funky decor and the hostesses were very nice and friendly we opted to sit at the bar for happy hour..  The bartenders were so nice and friendly and actually made you want to sit and stay a while and have a couple of beers..  The tv's were on playing football since it was sunday..  They have a great afternoon Happy hour with half off drinks..  My only complaint would be that they need to update there tv's I mean come on its 2013 there is no reason to still have tube tvs...
I ventured a four hour drive from Miami all the way to this place to see Brand New play. I must say at first I was taken aback just a bit. The outside is serene and beautiful. A very nice lakeside overlooking  Disney world. The way in was quick. Plenty of door men and no bag check. It's small - comparable to Miami's Culture Room or Revolution. It's decorated with what looks like 6th grade art projects/drawings. And theme was cute too, they had the whole coexist thing decorating the stage along with a plaque that says "unity and diversity". One thing I really didn't like is the amount of tickets they sell for that small venue.It was sooo crowded I could barely breathe. I got pushed and shoved by emotional teenagers. People would try to get out of the way in vain, just putting more pressure on each other. It was highly uncomfortable. I did have a good time, but what happens in the case of an emergency? Like a fire or shoot out. Hysteria!!
Another great show at HOB! There really is no bad spot here, unless you have a Big Bird standing in front of you, but you can always move. We were in the middle area this time and had a fantastic view. It's just such a great venue. It gives you the opportunity to see the artists and feed off their energy.  Tonight I got to see one of the best performances I've seen in awhile. It was nice to really watch an artist and actually see how much fun he was having with the crowd (Travie McCoy was outstanding!).
House of Blues is located in Downtown Disney next to the white Cirque du Soleil building. It looks like a run down building that need some serious work ...... but it is all for looks. The inside is dimly lit but the walls and furniture are brightly colored. We were greated right away when we stepped inside. The resturant had quite a few people in the dinning area. The waiter brought us all drinks and left us alone until we where ready to order. I ordered the HoB Cheese Burger w/ Sweet Potato Fries........ YUM! It was very juicy and cooked to my liking (Med/well). the service was fast, efficient and friendly. The bathrooms were very clean and tidy. Go check it out...... You wont be dissapointed!
This place is kind of tucked away in the back of Downtown Disney, so it isn't some place that you will normally have to wait very long to get in to.  We were able to walk right in at 10PM on a Saturday night. (off peak month) The service is pretty pokey, but the live music is pretty good, so that isn't such a huge deal. The drinks at happy hour were only a few bucks; I am not sure you can get that anywhere else on Disney property.  The happy hour appetizer list is the same as the daytime list, only everything is $5. The voodoo shrimp were FREAKING DELICIOUS.  The shrimp were cooked well, and the sauce and rosemary cornbread with them are phenomenal.  Probably the best single dish I have had to date in all of Disney... and only for $5! Overall, a great place to go; not quite a 5-star locale, though.
Service industry night on Sunday is definitely the time to go to HOB.  The scene is almost NY or DCish (minus the fact that people are dressed much more casually).  The place is huge, and it gets packed.  I love standing on the balcony and dancing to the music below. Apparently, it's also a pretty good place to see a concert.  But, if you want club scene - this place on Sundays is better than anywhere downtown.
This place is just plain cool - I'm a big fan of the creepy blue ceiling. I like places with character - and this has ton of it. Service was poor but I overlooked it. Lobster Mac and Cheese was DELISH. I'm also a big fan of live music - so dinner and music - always a plus! If I had better service I would have given 5 stars.
One hour wait and an empty dining room. Disappointed.... Really, used to love the other HOBs in Vegas and Chicago. Great vibe, good food, good service. But not this one. I guess it was too 'Disneyfied', on the new updated menu they were out of the two dishes that looked decent. Moved forward onto the jumbalaya, a standard, and it appears they've made that much mushier that before. Not what I expected. Drinks took a while, and we sat in the back, with no one else.  Worst part, I brought business partners and one of our top clients here. My bad. Next time I'll find a more appropriate place with a shorter wait and better food. As an update, I hit the HOB in Vegas for a quick lunch a month ago, much better experience. Guess it's like they say in real estate, location/location/location.
I wrote a review about a year ago about my experience at the music venue. It's bad to see some things never change. Honestly, it seems if you want your buzz killed, the best place to visit is the HoB. First off, about 100 people watching 4 people dance, okay? At 12 at night, it was dead. So me and some friends say screw it, we're gonna try somewhere else even after paying the cover. Can't even do that though, because as I test my friends drink after she complained there's no alcohol in it (which she was right, I'm a certified bartender in NY and there was virtually none), I get a tough guy staff in my face trying to provoke a fight about me drinking a lady's only glass. I hand it to him and tell him were just leaving and try to make my exit... Nope. He decides to start screaming in my face (clearly ignorant that, that had been the first alcohol I'd sipped all night) demanding I recognize the cup (which I had already handed him) was for ladies only and I was to either leave or stay (which I was trying to do). Keep in mind, we are literally 3 feet from the exit while this is all going on. Another three feet and it would have been completely beyond his power to say a word, but because we were waiting for our last party member to get out of the bathroom he felt it necessary to ruin our night further as we are TRYING TO LEAVE. Honestly, I've never been to a less fun club, venue, what have you in all my life.. The alcohol was a joke. The ENTIRE venue simply wasn't having fun, I mean talking to people, everyone was bored and just angry. And the staff was beyond rude, rivaling belligerent. I gave it a chance because I was in town and some new friends begged me, but NEVER AGAIN.
Wow do the burgers hit the spot here! I got the mushroom Swiss and it was amazing to say the least! Side of fries. Good tunes and nice clean place to eat Happy hour beers are cheaper than the soda hell ya! Bud light please
This was a for sure stop on our dining agenda before we ever left Texas.  Why?  Because in my thrifty planning to keep the Disney expenses from getting out of hand, I bought a HOB gift certificate from Restaurant.com when they were having one of their 80% off sales.  Total score. But I started eating gluten free about 6 weeks before we arrived so I was skeptical if there would be anything for me to eat.  I spoke to the waiter who had the chef come out to talk with me.  I asked what they had that was Cajun-ish that was gluten free.  His only response was the Jambalaya but I was so excited because that's what I wanted anyway.   The Jambalaya is spicy but very tasty!  I ate every single morsel.  One of my best meals at WDW.  My husband had the Etouffee and liked it.  My kids all enjoyed their meals as well. Friendly service.  Fabulous atmosphere...LOVE the artwork!
where are you gonna go when it is after midnight and you have shook your tail feathers so much that you need to re-fuel ?? House of Blues of course (and not because Bongo's wasn't serving food) we got ours to go cause i was starting to do the panic thing about my little guy back at the resort. Our order a brick oven Pizza with with spinach, feta cheese, roasted garlic, pesto and mozzarella cheese.  Some of THE best garlic fries i have ever consumed (yes i *heart my GB fries) could have been so good cause i was a. so freakin' hungry and b. i had the ever so slightest buzz going And OMFG the Key lime pie ... the only i had while in Florida *pout* it was my nummy little breakfast the next mornin'
Great food, great atmosphere, great service! The outside bar is sweet when the weather is good & the drinks are awesome!
Cornbread. Done. Got the apps sampler, and it included a few of everything. Pretty good quick meal after packing up stuff from the hotel, on the way to the airport. Filling, greasy american food. mmm. Prices are a bit high, but foods pretty good. Disney.
Day 034/365 Yelp Challege 2011 Much more organized than the Waterfront @ Aloha Tower, with multi tiered seating, and many available bar stools to sit on.  Hawaii needs a smaller venue like this, not like the long, tubular former Pipeline Cafe with the strange side room jutting out.  I like going to concerts where portable plastic dividers separating myself from the crowd of under 20 year olds are not going to collapse on me.  It is also nice that livenation.com allows concert go-ers to purchase a $20 pass the line option, redeemable for restaurant food. I've never been to the Gospel Brunch at this location, but I mentioned this restaurant chain as something that should be brought to Hawaii: yelp.com/topic/aiea-main… We already have two Hard Rock Cafes and once upon a time, had a Planet Hollywood in Waikiki.  Why not a House of Blues?
Finally room to move around. I'm use to smaller venues and though I'm just 6' average build it feels good not having someone else right next to me when I'm not in the pits. Few bars around the outside and upstairs with hardly obstructed views is great. I'm so glad I saw Taking Back Sunday here with Thursday and the staff here was great. Bathrooms were clean and it just looked like the kind of place you would want to keep coming back too. I live in Miami and I would much rather watch a band favorite here than Revolution in Hollywood anytime. House of Blues you guys ROCK!!!! Look forward to more great shows. Parking may also be tough as its in Downtown Disney just take the road around back and park near Cirque Du Soleil. You stay classy :) thanks.
I saw the Colbie Cailat and Andy Grammer concert here for my birthday with my boyfriend and it was an amazing time!!! 1 thing we wished we knew- they serve food during the concert. We went and ate at Wolfgang puck (express) not so great and saw that when we got in, they sold better/cheaper food. Drinks and bar tenders were great. Anywhere you sit/stand was awesome! Its nice, close & intimate. Awesome place and will be returning as soon as they get another artist in that I like!
I have seen a lot of great shows here. It is a smaller venue with two levels. SRO all the time, except for a few seats and tables. Unless it is sold out, you have a good view throughout the venue. Would really love to get a balcony seat for Flogging Molly shows, but have yet to be able to do that. The acoustics are great. There are about 4 bars, so you won't go without. Located at Downtown Disney so you can catch a meal at the House of Blues restaurant or the many other places in the area.
Nothing like a good meal and a great show. Try the Juicy Lucy burger, topped with fried jalapeños, enough said. This venue is great for a smaller more intimate concert experience. General admission without a bad seat in the house. I have seen various shows here, 3eb being my favorite, and I have never been disappointed.
The other 3 reviews wrote of the HOB restaurant. I've been going there for many years and I've never even been inside that half of the building. Sad? Fuck no, it's just that I've been having too much fun at concerts in the live venue on the other half! The multi-level space is a classic theater design - main floor, merch tables and 3 bars downstairs /  vip seats, smoking areas and another bar upstairs - with funky decorations and great acoustics. An excellent place to see a performer you love. Mos Def, Fiona Apple, Rev. Horton Heat, Erykah Badu/Floetry, Parliament Funkadelic, Rabbit In The Moon, Les Nubians, Black Label Society, John Legend/Robin Thicke, Method Man/Redman, B-52s/Killer Robots, Busta Rhymes are just a bit of the fun shows I've been able to catch. Ah, the memories...
I don't visit Orlando without making a trip to the House of Blues. Wen't to the Hangover 2 premier at 12:01 a.m. on Thursday morning at the AMC across from here and decided to jump on the HOB Happy Hour first. Best Happy Hour that I have ever been to and you can use a restaurant.com certificate to boot. Happy Hour runs from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m., and after 10 p.m. every night Pretty much, 6 Long Island Iced Tea's and 4 of their FULL SIZED appetizers cost me $30 after GC ($2), tax and tip.  And their long islands are damn good, especially for $3.50 a piece.  They also serve you a rum runner for $10 and it includes a souvenir glass.  I had that last time and it was good and strong, and I use the glass at my house now. Their pizza is excellent, but it is the catfish nuggets that will have you fiending for more.  The Voodoo shrimp with the cornbread is very good as well.  The Wings were HOT and TASTY. What a value to utilize at Downtown Disney where you expect the overpriced to occur.  Even without the GC, it was a good value.
Seeing Social Distortion here for my birthday was awesome!  The venue is GREAT at handling the crowds quickly for entry and exit.  There are bars all over the place, so the lines are much shorter than otherwise.  The merch area was super easy to use and see, and the whole top is like a crows nest to see the show without being in the crowd.  I had a fabulous time.   Also, the venue is located in this large Disney complex for adults.  The restaurants and bars are playful, and the whole little town set made for a nice stroll before queueing for the show.
First time eating there and I honestly thought it would be better maybe it was just that night but the food was not that great and they don't have much to offer on their menu. I must say I was let down I heard it was great place
Would I return - Probably not. I found the food to be good but the service to be a let down.   It started when we walked in and I stated that we had a reservation and gave the greeter my name.  She proceeded to look past my name on the list and scramble to find someone else to make sure we were there on the right day.  I looked down and had to get her attention and point out my name on the list of reservations.  We visited using our Disney dining plan and were part of the new Magic Band+ test.  This has our dining plan, park admission, room key, and fast pass information encoded in an RF chip.  The waitress was not thrilled that we were using our dining plan and part of the test and made it known.  The service was a little slow and she struggled to grasp that although my parents were traveling with my family we were on two separate plans and needed the credits applied to each plan.  In the end the tip for both of our parties was charged to my room instead of one to each of us. I ordered the New York Stip medium and it came out medium well - well done.  It had an excellent spice rub and I loved the grilled vegetables that were served with it.  All in all, the quality of the food barely justified the pricing so I am glad it was part of my dining plan. In the end there are several other restaurants at Downtown Disney to consider before visiting this one.
This place is always a tight squeeze when you are seeing anyone half way decent. I recently went to see Third Eye Blind and basically ended up in the corner all night to see the show... As with other venues prices for drinks and everything is super high as well. I'd suggest seeing not well known bands here as you will get more bang for your buck quality wise.
Good food and ambiance - solid pick for lunch or dinner. I frequent this restaurant with my customers when I am in town and I never have any complaints. The food items are solid from a fancy Po'Boy pulled pork sandwich, kicked up meatloaf and most recently a grilled swordfish steak that was the special of the day. If you are in downtown Disney then this restaurant is one of the top two choices in my opinion.
So we went here b/c of a restaurant.com coupon, which made the overpriced food less overpriced.   GET THE GUMBO.  I would get only the gumbo, however.  The gumbo was delicious.  I came back two days later for lunch just for the gumbo.  I would get many gumbos next time.  I also found out that their gumbo is half price during "happy hour" between 3-5pm and after 10pm.  Gumbo.  So good. However, the rest of the food was mediocre.  We had the ribs and jambalaya.  The sauce for the ribs were too sweet and sticky.  The jambalaya was very dry.  I should have only gotten gumbo and more gumbo.  As a starter, since it was so fricking good, I expected the entrees to be as good.  Teaser!  Next time, 6 orders of the gumbo and french fries!!
