This place is the truth! The owner, Trina, is Florida through and through! She was actually born here so you know her roots are deep and she has so much passion for everything local. Before she opened her own spot, and still to this day, she does the mini pies that are available at Pom Poms! It is such a cute little bakery and they also serve breakfast and lunch items, hot and cold brewed coffee and she explained how it took her weeks to decide on a local coffee bean partner. She only wants to serve the best and it's apparent when you chat with her, see her presentations and enjoy her creations. Really, the entire staff is just lovely. Everyone is here because they have a passion for the business and you can genuinely see that. The sweets were the first thing we had our eyes on when we entered. We were eying up dessert before we even had breakfast. On the weekends they have specials so since this was my first time, I was told to try one of those since the entire menu is available any other time I came in. Great suggestion. I went for the Southern and it was delicious. Since I am not an egg girl, they put it on the side and my dining partner feasted on it. I was bummed though because the ham that was with it was wrapped around the egg so I missed that from the sammie. So my biscuit was smothered in grits with bacon and topped with pimento cheese. YUM! It was rich and filling and hit the spot for a breakfast feast. I also went with their iced coffee and it was delicious. After wards, we wanted to try so many yummy desserts that we both got boxes to go. I went with some cookies and the chocolate chip and peanut butter with sea salt were my absolute favorites. As soon as I finished both the next day, I was already craving more. I also got a slice of their special for the day, rose short bread and I thought I was going to love it as I love the rose tea from Pom Poms but it didn't really translate well for me in a shortbread form. Next time I will go with their lavender shortbread, yum! So, if you haven't yet, head over and check out this new gem in The Milk District. It's a great spot to grab some delicious, locally made food, relax in a great neighborhood and connect with awesome people.
I made the pilgrimage to Se7en bites and must say I am so glad I did! The staff is so friendly and helpful. I explained to the woman behind the counter that it was my first visit and she patiently explained what each dessert was. I was blown away by the variety and unique take on familiar items like homemade oatmeal pies and Swiss rolls. I ended up getting the grilled pimento cheese and bacon sandwich along with several desserts to go. Their Orange Blossom Tea was delicious too and I was given refills while I waited. The place is pretty tiny but very bright and airy. The sandwich was served on rye and with a crisp green tomato. The sandwich was gooey and delicious. The flavors melded together in a delicious mess. The desserts were OK to great. The oatmeal pie had a great flavor (especially the filling) but the oatmeal portion was a tad hard. The lavender scone was a nice accompaniment to coffee. The only real disappointment in the dessert department would have been the delicious looking hummingbird cake. It looked decadent with it's three layers and multiple ingredients but it was lacking something. It just tasted plain... maybe it wasn't sweet enough? Anyway, overall it was a lovely shop, superb staff and great food. Definitely a win.
2nd time was just as good as the first. I love this place and i have not even had dessert yet...but i will...I'll be back! Get the GPB!
Amazing breakfast and lunch, best in town hands down. Anytime I ever go to Orlando I make sure to eat here at least once. Nothing on the menu will disappoint
You know how when you've been somewhere once and it's amazing, then you go back again expecting another amazing experience and it doesn't live up to your expectations? Well you don't have to worry about Se7en bites, it does not disappoint! Both times I have gone, we ordered a few items for the table. It's impossible to settle on one thing, so give in and indulge. The savory bread pudding was amazing. The southern (biscuit with grits, bacon, fried egg and pimento), which is so filling it could feed the whole south side of town is the stuff dreams are made of. The biscuits are the perfect texture, not too heavy or doughy. Besides the food being wonderful, the staff is super friendly and make you feel at home. The owner, who bakes everything herself, even comes around to check on everyone. Great food in a friendly atmosphere... This is sure to become a local staple.
Great breakfast/ brunch, creative, new approach to traditional dishes. Awesome baked goods, friendly staff, cozy ambiance.
I've eaten here twice and cannot say enough about how much I enjoyed every item I tried. I wish I lived closer, I'd eat here every weekend. Absolutely love the Orange blossom tea!!! So good!!! Today I had their huevos rancheros. It was the best I've had yet. The chorizo was yummy and the addition of the grits was amazing. Their breakfast bread pudding is good and savory. The hollandaise sauce is so tasty! Mac and cheese was creamy and saucy. Not dry at all and so flavorful. Try the 7th trimester. It's amazing! I tried one of their pies and the crust was flaky and buttery. Their fried green tomato eggs Benedict will not disappoint. If you are still reading this review you are crazy. You should already be on your way there. Go now!!!
I go here lots on the weekends for breakfast. It is modern Southern food. I even took my mom here for Mother's Day! I usually get the Southern, which is a biscuit with ham, egg, pimento cheese, and then smothered in chive grits. I usually get it with an iced coffee. They recently added breakfast potatoes to the menu and they are great! Really flavorful without being spicy. The place is very modern and cute!
If this place was in any major city, the line would be out the door and around the block. Wow! Food was great and service was friendly. Ordered the Southern, the Super Southern (special), and a cinnamon roll. Definitely not a light breakfast, but delicious for a treat. Good coffee, but a variety of espresso drinks would be a great addition to the drink menu. Will definitely go back and support this local business.
Se7en bites is a neat little place. We went here early Sunday morning for breakfast. The food is good. However, my breakfast bowl with potatoes,  sausage gravy and egg was extremely salty and my wife's waffle with grits, pulled pork and slaw was a little on the cold side. The sweets we took home were just okay. The coffee cake was too sweet and the duffin was very dry. Their concept is great, the execution leaves a bit to be desired.  The service doesn't get any better, they are all very sweet and helpful.  Also, their coffee is pretty decent too. So, I recommend this place with reservations.  Wait, I don't mean you can get reservations,  aw, nevervmind.
Stopped in for brunch, and was not disappointed. I was a little skeptical at paying $7+ for a Southern breakfast biscuit.  But the biscuit was freshly baked, topped with crispy bacon, cheesy grits, and a fried egg. I'm not sure I could ask for much more in a breakfast sandwich. I didn't even get a chance to try any sweets, but based on their brunch selections, I imagine they will be top notch. Definitely returning soon to try some out!
Everything is fresh and delicious!! Their biscuits are unbelievable and so are the pastries
Try it all.  Try everything.  It's all amazingly great.  ALL OF IT. My favorites: Chicken Pot Pie, Meatloaf Sandwich, Bacon, cheddar cheese & chive scone, Salted caramel, dark chocolate & pecan cookie bar. HEAVEN. Seriously, get one of everything.  You'll be sad if you don't.
Located on Primrose, in the space formerly occupied by Spooky's. The space has been completely reworked and is a darling spot to enjoyed a bite at or grab some bakery items to go. Gosh darn, I hope you check this place out! I'm still thinking of the awesome roasted vegetable bread pudding with peppercorn hollandaise. SO GOOD! For something sweeter, go for the salted chocolate pecan mini pie, pumpkin spice cake, scones, chocolate stout cake, brownie with espresso salt, cookies....er, ya. I've been here a few times and everything is awesome. On the weekends, they bump up breakfast to brunch fare so be prepared to linger. The biscuit with ham, egg, and pimento cheese gets upgraded with grits- um, yum! There are several specials, so check their Facebook page for current offerings and specials. Chef and staff are super friendly, grew up in the area and are having a blast. It certainly comes through in everything we've enjoyed here.
Awesome! They took over the old Spooky's spot and gutted the place. It's CLEAN, bright, cheerful, and so are the owners/staff. They took all the tinfoil off the windows and let the sun shine in on their counter full of delicious baked goods. They have really good coffee and offer a menu of savory bites as well. I had the breakfast bread pudding which was filled with ham, mushrooms, and asparagus, topped off with hollandaise that tasted like she made it, and not like it came from a bag. So good. The hubs had the meatloaf sandwich, which had delicious meat and a mashed potato shmear. Also super yummy. I can see this becoming a regular brunch spot for me. I just kinda like everything about it.
Fantastic little place! My husband and I found this yesterday and were very pleased. Just about everything is made right there, fresh daily. Unique, very yummy, good quality, and affordable! We shared the asparagus, mushroom, goat cheese quiche ... oh my ... light and very tasty. My husband is pretty picky about coffee; loved theirs. The owners / managers / staff are all very personable, helpful and encouraging. We are new in town and they shared lots of tips and points of interest with us. Feels like an easy place to frequent just to hang out for awhile and enjoy items you won't get just anywhere.
We happened upon this little bakery one Sunday afternoon and was completely shocked we had never been here before. We were impressed by that outdoor decoration and once inside we took 20 minutes to decide what special treat we wanted to have. There was nostalgic oatmeal pies Swiss cake Rolls nutter butters and faux Oreos. I got a salted caramel chocolate pecan pie and a homemade oatmeal cream pie. Both were delectable fresh and delicious.  We also try to Swiss cake roll layered buttery bar and the lemon cake with raspberry mousse.  They were all outstanding!  To top it all off the owner came out and chatted with us and shared her heart for the her city. It was overall the most pleasant bakery experience I have ever had in Central Florida. We will definitely be back to try some of their savory treats including the seventh trimester!
The Southern = biscuit, bacon, pimento cheese, grits = delicious!!!!!!!!! The European = mushroom and goat cheese frittata with prosciutto and French bread with homemade jam = delightful! The coffee = bold flavor yet nicely smooth The cafe's atmosphere = clean cut design that is pleasing to the eye The staff/service = friendly, inviting, and timely
I have been here twice the first time was for dessert. The oatmeal creme pie was to die for and the chocolate salted caramel pie was heavenly. We recently stopped in for a late lunch. My wife had the Dip-a house made roast beef sandwich with a side of au jus- FANTASTIC!  I had the meatloaf sandwich-The meatloaf was a little mushy and the bread was too soft-but still good. They accommodated my daughter and she ordered just a biscuit with bacon and ate the entire thing! Next time we will order breakfast. I will definitely be back.
Our go-to place for sweet and savory baked goodness in Orlando. Weekend Brunch "southern" and "benedict" are great, but I gotta say I stop by every couple days for the good old/new breakfast sandwich... which is a special egg biscuit with really tasty pimento cheese sauce.  The desserts they make taste just as good as they look.  Try my favorite, the HOT CHOCOLATE cupcake.
I ate at this place for the first time this week.  Then, had to go back today.  I had the biscuit with ham, egg, and pimento cheese.  I'm not a huge pimento cheese fan, but theirs was delicious.  I also had the orange blossom iced tea, which was very good.   Chef and manager are super friendly. Love this place.
Was disappointed on my trip in after reading so many wonderful reviews here. I really wanted the cronut. It tasted like a dry muffin. Nothing like a donut or croissant. Also got a slice of chocolate cake. Tasted like it came from a box. For the price I paid, I could have gotten 3 boxes of Dunkin Hines chocolate cake at Publix and it would have tasted the same. Have not been back and won't go back.
I have never wanted to write a review until I came to this place. The food was amazing the service was outstanding!!!  &The music sets the perfect environment. You Must try the 7th trimester, once I Had my first taste it was amazing, the flavor was to die for with the perfect combination of flavors. The ingredients were fresh and good quality. The dark chocolate stout cake is to die for once I bit into it I truly questioned if the people who made this were from earth lol this was so delicious I have never tried anything like this not in New York, nor Atlanta which remain my favorite places for indie restaurants. The Orange blossom iced tea was so aromatic, delicious and refreshing. Definitely will return for round two :)
I haven't been into the bakery but a friend brought some of the desserts to a party that I had and they were delicious! I can't wait to go to the store and shop for myself. Heavenly desserts!
Fancy!  I love this place.  After several recommendations I finally decided to try it myself. The food was great.  Some of the best biscuits and gravy I've ever had.  Had one dessert and I can't wait to try the rest!
This place really has it all.  The food is delicious, the service is awesome (very, very friendly staff - they even remember your likes/dislikes), and the ambiance is great too.  I love coming to this place and they always have something new.   I was lucky enough to walk in one afternoon just when some cinnamon monkey bread was coming out of the oven.  It was phenomenal!  I have also had their biscuits and gravy several times (always on point) and their Southern breakfast with a biscuit, grits, eggs and bacon.  Also their eggs benedict is very tasty.  I can honestly say that I have never had a bad experience at this establishment and I have been at least six or seven times.  Se7en Bites really knows how to run a great establishment, if only other places could be like this.
This place gets it. Quality food, friendly people, and neighborhood vibe. Not enough seating, but that doesn't take away from the experience. Went with the Southern Cuban on my last visit, and will stay away from it next time. Amazing iced coffee, and a wide variety of baked goods.
Had a really good brunch here.  "The Southern" was great - I want to make it back here to try some more of the savory items.  I wasn't impressed with the oatmeal creme pie, but most of the desserts look good.
Delicious little place. I had the orange blossom tea and it was to die for!! for lunch I also had the french dip and it was awesome I would totally get it again.
Breakfast here is amazing. I got the Benedict with potatoes and boyfriend got the southern , both were fabulous. Suggest getting it to-go because its very small and kind of awkward with how quiet it was (maybe needs some music?) But don't let that stop u from trying it out. Also the iced coffee and iced tea are a must try. Didn't get a chance to check out the baked goods but definitely would give them a try if you have room.
Close to perfect for vibe, food, selection -- they push all of a food-appreciator's hot buttons with pleasant authority.
Loved it! Cute, fun, and delicious! The chocolate peanut butter bar was amazing! And the service was great.
Luscious cakes and perfect cookies.  I was a bit taken back by the prices at first, but once they pulled out the crane to heave the very generous portion into the container, that was a non-issue.  Fantastic flavors and choices.
Had a very nice time at this small neighborhood bakery. Sunday brunch included Se7en Benedict & The "Southern" a biscuit,  over easy egg, and bacon topped with cheese grits that were delicious! Very bright space and a great addition to the neighborhood!  Until next time...
Hip little place.  Homemade everything.  Tasty savory biscuits and really different sweets.  Moon pies made with homemade graham crackers and homemade marshmallows.   Orange blossom iced tea is lovely.  I had the Benedict which was made with a fried green tomato,  savory biscuit,  bacon, egg, and a peppercorn hollandaise.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  Very limited seating.  Well worth the wait.
Food is good but expensive - spend $12+ on a chicken salad sandwich w/ chips and an iced tea (no free refills).  Staff and owner were attentive.  The menu is limited and there are no lo-fat options.  This is all traditional southern comfort food.  If that's what you're looking for, I think you will be pleased.  However, prices are high for a place with little ambience.
Got a "Duffin" which was more like half muffin half cake but still pretty decent and the oatmeal cream pie which was very good. However, the prices were very high, this isn't San Fran or NYC. Also kind of annoying to pay so much and then be encouraged to tip...
Blown away by Se7en Bites today. This is my third visit to Se7en Bites and all I could think was I wish I had two stomachs to sample everything on the counter. There are so many amazing bakery choices that I really wish I could eat more every time I come here. Today I had the "Se7enth Trimester" which consists of five cheese mac & cheese with an amazing homemade biscuit, fried egg over easy, and bacon. It was perfection! For dessert I had the extra-large oatmeal cream pie that was hands-down one of the best desserts I have ever eaten! Little Debbie has nothing on Se7en Bites. The oatmeal cream pie was so large my friend and I mostly shared it (oh so I probably ate most of it). Although the place is small in the seating area, each time I've been here tables are available pretty quickly. The staff are excellent with taking your order quickly and making suggestions on what's good. Truth be told, everything is good! This is a great place for breakfast, brunch, or lunch and you can't go wrong with any of their items.
My friend and I have been talking about going for weeks and we finally found a day that we both could! Our only disappointment was that we hadn't gone sooner! We both tried one of their breakfast biscuits and finished the whole thing (with stomachs bulging)! Each bite seemed to be better than the last and I was so upset when my plate was clean! We both already have plans to go back soon to try another one of their amazing breakfasts. And of course...we couldn't leave without getting dessert to go! Huge selection of desserts that it made it difficult to decide what to get, but that just makes me want to go back more! Definitely recommend going!
Staff is friendly and welcoming. The baked goods are hard to beat. If you are in the mood for something hearty, I would suggest the baked potato soup. It is out of this world.
Food was delicious...can't wait to go back. Everything we sampled was incredible: biscuits and gravy, savory bread pudding with holllandaise, biscuit with peach jam and they even have there very own coffee, and wait for it, the duffin! Can't wait to return...might be a new weekend tradition.
There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said. Se7en Bites is the real deal. The cookies got me in and the everything else keeps me coming back. The staff is super friendly and the food is fantastic. Wouldn't go anywhere else for a sweet cravings fix.
Ohhhhh yes! Such a fan of this place even after just one time! They put some much thought and care into the menu and food and it shows. I had the quiche (which I normally shy away from) and it was fantastic! The people there are amazing as well, which just makes the experience even more full of awesome. You won't be disappointed!
Atmosphere is bright and cheery. Customer service is very friendly. Food is absolutely delicious. Today we had the chicken salad sandwich on their nutty whole wheat (not a whole wheat girl and loved theirs) and cheese pimento with bacon on whole wheat. Upgraded to include a cookie and chips. The cookies tasted fresh and from scratch. Top it all off with orange blossom tea sweetened with simple syrup. I could drink only this for the rest of my days and be happy.  There are so many other bites to try here and I look forward to working through the menu. They mentioned they might add some seasonal items, daily specials and soup in the coming months. It is important to support local small businesses and Seven Bites makes it a delicious thing to do.
All I can say is OMG!!!! The most amazing food ever.  The owner is awesome. She comes to every table to talk.  The food is undescribable.  I am not a sweet eater but she could convert me.  I am so glad I don't live there or I would have a serious weight problem.
After a half dozen visits, Se7ven Bites has not yet disappointed me. Scones are savory and delicious. The best chicken pot pie I have ever eaten. The kitchen has a light touch with seasoning and to my taste, it is perfect. What started as a bakery quickly became a neighborhood fave breakfast and lunch. Don't go on Monday, though. They are closed.
Delicious. I overeat every time I come here. I can't help it, everything is so dang good. They have these little mini pumpkin cheesecake pies that are pretty dreamy. Owners are really cool and friendly, and the space is very sunny, cozy and relaxed. Get over there and stuff your face!
Beware! Once you go you'll be going back often for these unbelievable savory delights (and sweet heaven as well). The chicken pot pie and meatloaf sandwich are HEAVEN! Great people run the place with happiness all around. Get there early because only so many pot pies are hand made each morning. HEAVEN.
Wow! I don't say this often.  Talk about a taste explosion in your mouth!  The menu is small and they have lots of pastries and things that you would expect to find in a bakery.  There is one twist however, the food you find is comfort food with combinations so unique my only suggestion is to try them all.  Of course, I wouldn't recommend that in one setting.  I went with The Southern, a biscuit served with egg, ham, pimento cheese, and bacon smothered in grits with chive.  To top it off my daughter and I went with a chocolate cupcake with a peanut butter filling, chocolate topping sprinkled with bacon (yes bacon) and a slice of peanut brittle on top.  It was amazing!  Then the espresso and chocolate chip brownie, phenomenal!!!  The meatloaf sandwich looked absolutely delicious as well.  The Chicken Pot Pie was sold out, but obviously a hit as well.  There is limited seating though which can present a problem on busy days.  Even though you may have to wait for a seat, it is worth the wait.   Overall, excellent eats and a must try if you are close to downtown.
Just stopped in for lunch. I had the meatloaf sandwich and it was very tasty. My friend ordered the pimento and bacon sandwich which I tried and also found to be good. The popular menu item seemed to be the chicken pot pie as they sold out early and had about 20 more requests for it just while I was sitting there. The menu is very small, but, that's not a bad thing for the indecisive person. I would however like to see them expand their lunch menu slightly. The food is also a bit expensive, however, you can tell they use only the best ingredients so it's worth it. I was too full to try the deserts but I will definitely go back as they look and smell amazing. The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable about every item. Overall, great experience and I will be back for more...
They were out of chicken pot pies when I arrived at 1pm, which was a big turn-off. It's a new business; they should have all food available. In addition, all menu items are not available all the time - some are weekend menu items only. And menu is small, which is ok. Just know there aren't a lot of options. Cute place, very small. I liked the meatloaf sandwich (on sourdough) better than my husband. I would probably have that if I go back.  Didn't like the chicken salad sandwich (on sourdough). It was kinda blah. No spark. The salted chocolate etc pie was just ok. Crust was flaky though. The orange blossom iced tea with a touch of simple syrup was awesome. Today the aqua fresca flavor was lime vanilla mint and it was pretty good, refreshing. But I liked the tea better.
Flavorful breakfast biscuit sandwich. The only thing I noticed was that they do not offer many types of juices and soda products. The brownie was rich and filled with sinful chocolate. Service was very friendly and my order was prepared quickly.
Obsessed is an understatement! Ever since my boyfriend and I found out about Se7en bites through Yelp we try to go as often as we can. Everything I have had has been perfection! My favorite has to be the grilled pimento cheese and bacon sandwich. Heads up: you can add fried green tomatoes to it! Do it!! It's the most delicious thing you'll ever eat. I'm still anxiously waiting to get my hands on a chicken pot pie. They are only serving them on Thursdays and Fridays now. Must make a trip back soon. Maybe, next week?
Do yourself a favor and have the meatloaf sandwich. I'm addicted to it! Everyone who works there is super nice, and everything is made with love.
Oh my Gawd, look at her...biscuits?  For real the goods at this shop are so good.  Betty and I came here after my MasterChef auditions and we enjoyed, and by enjoyed I mean made pretty intense noises while eating the Biscuit breakfast sando.  I think there was licking of the plate going on too, shhhh.  Fluffy warm biscuit, hint of thyme?, ham, velvety pimento cheese, with a perfectly cooked over easy egg.  We also shared a lavender shortbread that had great flavor and texture.  I like the interior of the place, very clean and with an enjoyable citron color inside and outside.  The plants on the tables are a nice touch as well.  Aqua fresca the day we came was a lemon basil and was very refreshing, Betty enjoyed it.  I got the cold brewed coffee and it was not bitter.  We would definitely come back here time and time again.  Too bad it's so far from us here in Tampa.
I took my Mom here when she was in town about a month ago and it was terrific. I'm not a huge quiche fan, but the pesto, roasted tomato and goat cheese combo sounded too good to pass up so, I indulged. My Mom had the pot pie and a cup of their coffee. Literally every bite/sip was delicious. They even seasoned my side salad, which was refreshing. Too many people skip simple seasoning. This place is well worth going to, even the staff (and the chef/owner) were extremely pleasant. Great job, guys!
They have it all, friendly, personable service, cheerful atmosphere and (most importantly) fantastic food and coffee. Additionally I purchased a bag of their coffee to make at home and hands down they're the best beans I've ever had.  Thank you for making our neighborhood even better. Bravo.
Never disappoints. Consistently delicious and friendly service that cares. Prices are right on for the quality. If you want panera crap, go there and leave this gem for the real foodies. There is love in every bite and we should be throwing our support at this small business who dared to bake where no one has baked before.
Decided to try seven bites after heather mcphersons review! She was right on mark! As soon as you walk into this lovely little piece of heaven you are greeted by the friendly staff! I ordered the grilled pimento cheese on sourdough and my daughter ordered the last chicken pot pie ... The desserts are displayed in the beautiful case that makes your mouth water. When I took a bite into my sandwich you can taste the time and energy put into this food! The pimento cheese was warm and gooey on the toasted sourdough and it just melts in your mouth. My daughters chix pot pie had a buttery crust with big chunks of chicken! We have been back twice and I always get the pimento cheese and bacon on sourdough !I believe the owners name is Trina and the reason it is called seven bites is because she had gastric bypass and she takes only seven bites only ofher delicious creations !. I don't know how she does it because her food is made with such heart! I wish they were open later because I can only go on weekends because they close before I get off work we loved the infused waters if the week as well!
I love the industrial mixed with contemporary interior of the space. It's bright and cheery and smells amazing when you walk in. The chef and owner greeted us personally and never seemed to tire from telling each guest all the wonderful descriptions of the sweet and savory baked goods she had prepared. The gentleman behind the counter was extremely pleasant and very attentive. I have sampled several items so far, including the infamous #duffin (not quite a donut/not quite a muffin)...moist and warm, it literally melted in my mouth. The pumpkin cake with cream cheese frosting was to die for and of course could not pass up a chocolate/peanut butter/bacon cupcake to take home! I had the biscuits and gravy for breakfast previously and my girlfriend had the savory bread pudding filled with deliciousness and topped with hollandaise. This place is so good but so bad (for those of us trying to lose weight)!! I'm going to have to restrict myself for sure... They have their own coffee which we tried hot and iced, both equally delish in their own right! I'm truly excited for this little gem and applaud the chef and owner for making her dream a reality and wish her all the success she deserves.
I love this little place. So cute. Great ppl, so friendly. I had the Morning Biscuit and it was sooooo good. The pimento cheese they put on it is too good. I also had the orange blossom tea. If you're a tea person like me, then order it. And finally a chocolate pecan pie. It was delish. Definitely will be back to try something else.
I am all about wanting to support locally-owned business, especially in my neighborhood, but I am still reeling from the sticker shock. A piece of cheesecake or regular cake is $6.00. For a PIECE. That translates to a dollar a bite. If there are at least 10 pieces cut from one cake (and there are more than 10, I'm sure) that makes your assigned value to a whole cake or cheesecake about $60! I bought 2 items to at least try them first and give them the benefit of a doubt if the were superlative, spectacular and the best I'd ever had...sorry, NO. Not by a long shot. Look at the neighborhood you are in and think about if artists, musicians, young college kids, or young families can really afford the indulgence of a $6 piece of cake on a regular basis. I suspect once people get over the novelty they will move to the next thing, so I would think about some price adjustments if you want to have a regular clientele. I, for one, was left with a very bad taste in my mouth feeling duped into spending so much for so little. You don't really want your customers to have buyer's remorse, do you? I am not trying to hate, the food is obviously worthy and good, just not at a level where you can expect so much for it. The renovation looks great. I do have one more comment about service, though. Madame owner: If you have started a transaction with me and we are in the middle of an order, do not turn your focus away to another customer's who has already been served and is just walking up to the counter to get something else. You cut me off in mid-sentence and did not return to me for almost 2 minutes while you did things for him. I should have walked out then, because when you came back to me and remembered nothing I had said it was obvious you really didn't give a damn what I wanted compared to him.
Finally tried this place today and it won't be my last! I had the Southern breakfast dish and my husband had the Belgium waffle. Both were amazing and their iced coffee is great! The service was friendly and the atmosphere makes a great breakfast spot!
Tried them out for weekend brunch.  Breakfast items include scones, coffee cake, muffins, biscuits (w/ or w/out gravy), savory bread pudding (w/ meat or vegetarian) and a weekend specialty item.  Husband tried the biscuits and gravy, good flavor, just a bit over salted, it came with 2 biscuits.  The savory bread pudding was good, contained ham as the meat.  For the vegetarian diner, there was the option to get the savory bread pudding without ham.  Bread pudding came with hollandaise  sauce.  Very good and filling.  They do serve the food on metal baking sheets, that can tend to suck the heat away from your entree, leaving it cold if you're a slow eater. Lots of lovely desserts set out on the counter.  Prices ranging from $3-6 per item.  We got the salted caramel cookie bar for $3 and it was large enough to split between the two of us.  The chocolate stout cake with peanut butter frosting and bacon crumbles was tempting for $6, but we didn't have enough room for such a large piece of cake.  Maybe next time we'll go back just to pick up a dessert. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food.  16 oz. hot coffee was $1.75. Proprietors were super nice - we were the only ones in there first thing in the morning and they took the time to explain the whole menu to us. I can see seating being an issue if the place gets busy.  They have ~ 6 chairs and the rest is bench seating by the wall or front window. They accept cash or credit.  Some sites like Urbanspoon state that they only take cash, that is incorrect.
Where do I begin? I'd heard nothing but amazing things about this place from friends and they were right on! I ordered the Southern and practically licked my tray clean. Picture biscuits with bacon, ham, pimiento cheese, egg, and smothered in grits. My friend ordered biscuits and gravy and inhaled it. My other friend ordered a meatloaf sandwich and loved it. Was lucky enough to steal a bite and it was delicious. They also had numerous sweets that looked amazing. If you're in the Milk District, give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
So far I've had one of the pies (salted caramel chocolate pecan) and it was beyond delicious. One of the best pies I've had in a while. $6 for a mini pie. On another occasion I had a the "southern", a biscuit with grits, gravy and several meats. It was good, a bit heavy for my taste, but others will probably love it. The interior is very bright and cheery, but there's not a lot of seating. As I waited for my to go order I hovered awkwardly in the entryway. I do find many of the prices to be a bit high.
THIS is the place to go to when you're having a bad day or even a good day...doesn't even matter!    Wanted to update my review because this place just makes me smile and they really do deserve the praise. I was having an off day and after a late lunch I decided to venture here for something sweet. I wasn't sure if they were still open since it was about 230p but luckily Yelp answered my question. There were 2 people ahead of me ordering but otherwise it was empty.  There were still plenty of sweets on display so I went with a chocolate chip cookie and an iced coffee. The employee was super sweet . I've always found that when I venture to places that have an hour to go until closing, the customer service is not there and you get "the look". But this employee didn't make me feel that way. My cookie didn't taste like it had been sitting all day and the iced coffee was perfectly sweetened, I didn't even have to add anything. She told me they do cold brew for their iced coffee and their coffee is locally made and grinded every day so it's fresh! They even sell bags of the coffee beans if you want to try to experiment at home. On another note, there is now a lovely outdoor patio area to accommodate the small space inside for dining. I left here with a smile and have designated this my "pick me up" place when I wanna treat myself!
I've been to Se7en Bites twice now, and this last trip did not disappoint. The only thing that could make this place better would be a comfy hammock out back where I could slip blissfully into a food-induced post-lunch coma. The adorable bake shop is the perfect way to start your weekend, serving breakfast and lunch, as well as a plethora of amazingly tasty baked goods. On my last visit, I indulged in the Southern: a biscuit topped with a baked egg covered in ham, bacon, pimento cheese, and smothered in the tastiest cheese and chive grits I've ever had. Despite feeling fairly satisfied halfway through, I couldn't help one-more-bite-ing my way through the entire dish. My desire to lay across the table top and nap right there was strong, but didn't keep me from tasting my 5 year old's mac n cheese, which met the approval of the pickiest of eaters (and almost resulted in my death by pasta). To top it off, I had a bite of the homemade swiss cake roll, the dessert I promised to split with the kid. Definitely a tasty treat. Aside from the amazing food, the decor is great - cozy, simple, with a kind of modern industrial twist. Not pretentious and not cutesy either. The staff is super friendly, including the Chef herself. Several of them came around to see how we were, and even engaged with the kids (the 5 year old and the 4 month old) which is always a bonus in my book. The hardest part about going to Se7en Bites is narrowing down what to order, and not planning the rest of your weekends for life around ordering the remainder of their menu. Pro tip: Order an extra baked good to go from the start to help you in your decision making process. Dessert for later is never a bad idea. Also, consider joining a gym.
We were hungry right off our flight to Orlando and dropped by in a Saturday morning around 9:30am. The shop was already bustling with patrons in which I asked my boyfriend, "Why are these people up this early? I'd still be asleep!" This was the first sign of a yummy meal to come. The lady at the register was super nice. As a New Yorker, I get right to the point in my conversation but when asked how I am doing in the South, people actually sound like they really want to know. We decided on the 7th trimester and a special, the crab benedict with a lavender lemonade and an orange blossom iced tea. Everything sounded amazing though, especially the chicken pot pie but unfortunately, they only have them on Thursdays and Fridays. ): We placed our orders and grabbed a seat. Our food came out in liberally two minutes. Zzomg, the 7th trimester had me in heaven. I never had biscuits smothered in mac and cheese but then again I think anything with mac and cheese is automatically delicious. I couldn't finish it even though I really wanted to. My bf's plate came with the best grits I have ever had and his benedict was stuffed with crab. For our drinks, we preferred the lemonade. We were too stuffed for dessert but I vow to come back and raid them. Unfortunately again, we were going to go back just to do so but we were unaware they are closed on Mondays. It's a small establishment yet we had the best meal here during our stay!
Since a friend from out of the country was in town and wanted to try something local, I checked Yelp, and this place came on top. I sure agree with all the positive reviews. We went for breakfast saturday morning, and it was busy, but we were able to get a table. Here you order and pay first and then find a table, which personally I find a bit stressful as it makes me feel hurried to choose something, but not a big deal if the food is good. I had the Seven Benedict with grits and oh my it was good. I usually hate american style bacon, and didn't even notice this dish came with bacon until I cut into it, but the bacon was pretty good, for being american, not overcooked (as in not crispy) like most places make it. And the grits, oh the grits. I usually think about grits like the blandest dish americans could ever make, but these were amazing! Cheesy and garlic-y, just perfect! It just so happened that a couple of friends I was meeting later that day decided to go try this place for the first time the same day, so I went back and tried the dark chocolate stout cake, best chocolate cake I've had in a long time! Moist and with just enough sweetness, not overtly sugary like other places usually make it. I am looking forward to going back to this place and trying more scrumptious dishes :-)
This place is amazing! I found them through Yelp and brought 5 of my friends here, everyone raved at how good their food was. I had "the southern" and was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G life changing orgasmic experience LOL Also, the lavender lemonade is one of the best lemonades I've ever had. The staff is very friendly and quirky. Highly recommend!
A delicious magical place nested in the outskirts of downtown Orlando and Colonial. Seven Bites not only offers amazing (let me make sure you get this...AMAZING) homemade pastries but they also have spectacular customer service. For breakfast, the homemade biscuits are great... Fluffy and not too buttery. but for those bacon lovers  (like myself) you just have to order the bacon waffles. YUM! Although, next time I'll order with the syrup on the side because they really go all out on the syrup. Today, I'm treating myself to some ice coffee and a coffee-pecan cake. Just amazing. You won't regret seven bites. Try it!
As I write this review, I have a Se7en Bites Cookie bar sitting next to me. It's sight, and aroma only just the beginning because this my friends, is DELICIOUS!!! I have to credit Cecille R for this one because she was the one that really got me curious about this place. One day after Barre class we came here for brunch. It was PACKED, the line almost out the door but we waited and managed to get a table. I had the southern and grits. I'm going to be honest, I make pretty good grits at home and my experience with eating grits at other places is that they never measured up (in my mind anyway) to the one's I make at home and I was thinking that very thing when I dunked my spoon and scooped up the cheesy goodness. Once I picked up those incredible flavors I had to stop for a minute. My friend looked at me and she was like "What? You don' t like it?" and I was like "I'm so mad.. I can't believe it... These grits are better than the one's I make!!!" Oh man, what is your secret Se7en Bites? Is it Havarti with dill cheese? Fontina cheese? It's gotta be in the cheese because these are totally different than any other grits I've ever had. You have me stumped!!! How do you make your grits so dang tasty?!?! In other news; you already know how I feel about their cookie bar, try it if you're into sweet/salty. You cannot fail with their homemade oatmeal cookie sandwich, and their Orange Blossom tea is to die for, I had 2 refills of that the last time I came. Eventually I hope to try everything. Se7en Bites is a wonderful addition to Orlando; I'm totally hooked.
I must say I had high hopes for this place. It wasn't terrible however it wasn't what I had heard about from so many people. It was very rich and heavy, & I feel like I was crammed into a sardine can but I'll busy this place can get and how little seating there is. I do plan to check this place out again, because with all of the hype it must have just been the one item i got that wasn't up to par.
We hit up Se7en for brunch while we were in Orlando - so glad we did! After a couple of very awesome Yelpers recommended this place on Instagram, we headed over. The first thing I see? A massive mural on the side of the building that says "Come on in and let us stuff your pie hole!" - oh, ok. I love this place already. As you walk in you line up to order at the counter. The woman who took our order was SO NICE - cheerful, with an ear to ear smile and offered up recommendations. I ordered the Country Benedict which comes with a biscuit, roasted potatoes, over medium eggs, country link sausage (but I swapped out for bacon!) & creamy hollandaise. It was amazing. I literally scraped the metal tray they served it on. I love the "theme" of this place. All of the ladies wear bandanas and it's got this sort of Southern charm you aren't used to in Florida. I dig it! While the seating doesn't seem to be enough, the staff magically busses each table as soon as patrons stand up - making way for the next wave of folks coming in. I don't think anyone had to wait for a seat, and they always had a pretty lengthy line to order. I am a little pissed (at myself) that I didn't try any of the baked goods. There they were on display - coaxing me to try the pie, or the cake or the cookies...but no, I decided it was best we continued on our adventure. Top 10 worst decisions I've ever made. BUT, it does give me very good reason to return back soon....very soon.
Breakfast was delicious! I tried the Trimester which was delicious, very flavorful and a good balance, but it was SO filling. Be ready for a big breakfast. Thought I was impressed with my meal, until I had the "desserts" / bakery items. Everything was amazing! But the BEST thing that we tried was the Salted Caramel Dark Chocolate Pecan mini pie!! I love pecan pie and this was one of the best I've ever had! Also, the staff was courteous and helpful. GREAT place for breakfast near downtown. **I don't usually give a full five stars but this place deserves it!
Gotta break the diet to go here but it's worth it. So many killer biscuit-based breakfast/brunch dishes and amazing pastries. And an all-new dog friendly patio! (Go early to maximize the number of available patio tables that are in the shade, they get sunny by mid-afternoon.) The seventh trimester - mac n' cheese topped with biscuits, fried egg and bacon - radiates "hangover cure" from every cheesy, buttery, bacony bite.
We loved this place. The food was so delicious. Employees very helpful and nice. Place is cute and inviting.
I had the Se7en Benedict.  It had a fried green tomato and this peppercorn hollandaise sauce that was soooo good! After the run I was craving a coke but unfortunately they only had healthy-ish drinks.  Nothing that was really sounding the great.  The lady suggested the Agua Fresca but I HATE water.  She told me to just try a sample and it was perfectly refreshing!  It tasted like lemonade!  Yum! I had to get a homemade Oatmeal Cookie Pie to go.  These suckers were HUGE!  And sooo good!  I ate it over that day and the next day!
I have been wanting to try Se7en Bites for ages, so when I knew we'd be close by for a race this past weekend I suggested trying it out. They open at 9 am and they were already pretty busy when we showed up at 9:05 am. It isn't a big place, so keep that in mind when planning your trip. The night before we went they posted on Facebook about a special they were having the next day - a chicken biscuit with scratchmade pimento cheese and ginger lavendar jalapeno jam. Oh my - I had to have it! I ordered it and was not disappointed. I also had an Orange Blossom Iced tea that was great. I could have drunk a gallon of that stuff with no problem. On the way out I caved an bought an Oatmeal Cream Pie. It was almost as big as my head! I saved it for later and it took me two tries to eat it because it was so big. But man oh man was it delicious. You order at the counter and then they bring your food out to you on a cute little baking sheet. Everything is hand written on chalkboards near the register since their menu is always changing. its super cute, but since I don't have the best eye sight it meant I really couldn't make any decisions until I was at the front of the line. Thankfully I knew what I wanted and didn't hold things up too much. The staff there is amazing! So nice, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I asked them about how spicy the jam was when I ordered it (im a wuss) and they assured me it wasn't that bad. While we were eating the owner came over to check on us and made sure the sandwich wasn't too spicy. My only real issue was the price. It was close to $10 for a chicken biscuit and iced tea. I KNOW why the prices are higher - they use great ingredients and everything is scratchmade. Oh yeah, and its super tasty! But its still a little high for my liking. I think I was more upset about the $2.50 iced tea than the price of my food. But that isn't going to stop me from going back and bringing my friends.
GO HERE. this place is charming and cute and delicious with amazing service. come here instead of church on a sunday if you want a religious experience. their quiche crust is freakin' perfection and their biscuits are serious business. got a cinnamon roll and some faux-reos (like an oreo...if an oreo were an amazing sandwich cookie) to go and i can not contain my excitement about how awesome both of them were. seats are limited and they go quick...but the service is so fast that you don't wait long. and if you did, it would be worth it.
Amazing food. Small local bakery cafe with amazing craft food .comfort food for foodies who like gourmet and no white gloves...i only wish the place was bigger...maybe when the weather cools the outside will be perfect..going there for breakfast..can't wait to wake up.
The three little pigs and eggs Benedict sandwich where superb. They customize your iced coffee. We had the Swiss roll, which was pretty good. A bit on the pricey side, but definitely tasty. The place is cozy and staff (all women) were courteous. The only thing they need is a bigger place cuz this place can get really crammed.
I had the Voodoo with potato, chorizo, a fried egg and some sort of magical sauce. It was the special on the menu and I would highly recommend it if you like breakfast with a bit of spice. The place is quaint and the service is warm. And there was a constant stream of business which is a great sign! I hope the best for Se7en Bites! Must try this place!
Very small restaurant...  You order first and then take a seat.   I was not impressed with their selections.  It seemed like 80% of what they have is a variation on a biscuit or muffin.  Their prices seemed high for how small their portions are. The couple in front of us asked about a few different choices, but everything they asked about was already sold out... They finally decided on their meals and sat down at the only available table in the restaurant.  There was a female couple with two rambunctious girls loitering at a table where they had obviously finished eating earlier.  We were offered a place to eat next to the entrance, a narrow shelf with a few bar stools... We declined.  It is a very small & cramped eating area and we decided to leave rather than be squeezed onto a table with someone else or eat from a shelf. We went to Christo's and had a phenomenal breakfast!
I am a fan of trying new breakfast places and found this place to be enjoyable.  This place is small and feels like you are at a friends place for breakfast.  I had the Benedict and my friend had the 3 pigs both were good and full of spices.  I also had the orange blossom tea which I did not enjoy because it was more of an herbal tea than i enjoy.  Overall I would give this place another try and maybe check out some other menu options.
Love this place. Good and service are excellent. Had the Cuban sandwich and my daughters had the chicken salad sandwich and the biscuit with bacon, egg and gravy ..forget what is called lol... All was very good.
Se7en (pronounced seven) Bites Bake Shop is on a cozy little corner near the Orlando Executive Airport.  Though the bakery is painted in a bright green color, it would be easy to pass it by.  And that would be a shame for you to miss it.  There is no sign, just a tiny sandwich board out front.  However, if you know to look for it, there is a large painting on the side of the building stating "Come on in and let us fill your pie hole."  Cute. Walking inside I immediately understood why all my foodie friends have been raving about this place.  The atmosphere is trendy and cozy.  The menu is written on chalkboards behind the counter, easy to see and easy to navigate. There's a side for sweet items and a side for savory stuff.  The latter includes things like a Grilled Pimento Cheese Sandwich or a Meatloaf Sammy.  The sweet side is on display next to the register- oversized homemade knockoffs of Little Debbie Nutty Bars and Swiss Cake Rolls nestled among a tray of Oatmeal Dark Chocolate Pecan Salted Caramel Bar Cookies.  It's a really big name for a really big cookie. We arrived just after opening on a Sunday morning and there was already a line.  We were hungry and our eyes were bigger than our bellies.  I want one of everything please.  The Chocolate Peanut Butter Bacon Cake was calling my name.  However, since I don't eat bacon I had to respectfully ignore its cries. I ordered the Se7en Benedict- a fried green tomato and an over medium egg on top of a buttermilk garlic biscuit and smothered in a peppercorn hollandaise sauce.  Wow.  It was quite large.  It was quite delectable.  It was savory.  It was Heavenly.  It is normally also made with smoked bacon but since we don't do the meat thing, the staff was more than happy to omit the bacon.  It was delicious enough without the pork but I imagine a bacon lover (a.k.a. most of America) would love this. My benedict was served with a side of their Cheddar Chive Grits.  I am normally not a big fan of grits as I often find them to be flavorless and watery.  However, the Se7en Bites version was thick, hearty and filled with mouth popping flavor.  Fried green tomatoes and cheddar chive grits in the same meal?  Yes please! Chad, my dining partner in crime, ordered the Quiche of the Day with sundried tomatoes, spinach and feta.  It was a pretty large piece of pie served with a side of tossed greens.  The quiche itself was incredibly savory and delicious.  There was way more egg and veggie filling than crust and that was perfect. He also ordered a side biscuit with honey butter and peach jam.  He loved it.  The biscuit was fluffy and golden and the peach jam was amazing. While we passed on the Chocolate Bacon Cake, we couldn't pass up those Oatmeal Dark Chocolate Pecan Salted Caramel Bar Cookie.  It was definitely big enough to share, especially after having an actual breakfast.  Everything you see in its name is everything we tasted with every bite.  It was super sweet and left me feeling happy.  How can you go wrong starting your day with this? I complimented my visit with an order of the Orange Blossom Iced Tea which you can have sweetened or unsweetened.  Sweet means a shot of their simple syrup.  If an exotic tropical vacation had a flavor, this iced tea was it. Service was very friendly.  The owner, Trina Gregory-Probst (who is also iconically painted on the side of the shop) is very hands on.  Her cheerful disposition filled the room as she brought orders out to her guests, checked on other diners and happily accepted compliments and smiles all around.  Everyone else on the staff seemed truly happy to be there.  That says a lot about a place.  That happiness is contagious and it all starts at the top.  Trina is truly a gem.  Though I didn't get to talk to her she was certainly out and about and easily accessible.  I have a feeling nobody leaves there unsatisfied, ever.  Trina probably won't have it. I have a feeling Se7en Bites Bake Shop will do for the Orlando bakery scene the same that 4Rivers has done for the city's reputation of producing great BBQ.  Orlando is finally becoming a star on the Foodie map.  And we have a gem like Trina and her talented staff to thank.
Wow! I've had this place bookmarked for a few weeks now, and very much enjoyed every bite! Overall, it was a great meal and service experience. It's easy to miss when trying to find it, but just look for the green walls. Or the mural of a nice lady wanting to fill your pie hole :) It smelled amazing when we walked in...like we were in a southern home kitchen. The seating is very limited, so try to arrive a little early. The nice lady taking our orders was very helpful in explaining different food items...and our drinks were given to us immediately. Deciding what to eat was not easy...as there are many items I would have loved to try. Guess I'll be coming back. :) I ordered the aqua fresca, which was water infused with basil, lime and cucumber...and sweet. My two friends didn't care for it, but I thought it was a perfect compliment to the chicken pot pie I ordered. The pie was a perfect portion, and very light, flaky and fluffy. The crust was seasoned really nicely too. My friends ordered the biscuits and gravy, and the bacon waffle with vanilla bean syrup. Both were so good. The biscuits and gravy had lots of sausage in the gravy and thyme...so it wasn't too traditional but still really good! The waffle had a nice cherry flavor to it, but still not sure if it was the syrup or the waffle itself. Servers checked on us often and were all very friendly. Absolutely coming back here. Go check it out!!! :-)
OUTSTANDING FOOD. The food is amazing. I do not eat meat and they suggested to substitute a fried green tomato. BRILLIANT! And the pimento cheese is ridiculous. A+ would recommend.
Amazing food. You have to try it. Not sure how she came up with these ideas but they were delicious!
White velvet cake with caramel cream. What a dream! We had to take a break in the middle of eating it. It was so delicious and sugary and rich. Everything you want from a cake. The owners are wonderful, sweet women. Great environment for nibbles. They have savory treats as well as sweet. Next time we come back, I'll definitely be trying one of their quiches. Will definitely return. Highly recommend.
This place is awesomelicious!!!!  I had the sausage biscuit the other day and today I'm having the 3 Little Pigs!!! A biscuit, bacon, ham, sitting on a bed of grits and smothered in thyme sausage gravy!!!  Mmm mm good!!!
The food is phenomenal! I am a creature of habit so have only ordered the eggs Benedict but they do not disappoint! The first time I had a heavenly side of potatoes with pimiento cheese...I feel like I should pause in a moment of silence for their glory. The second time I had a side of grits. I do not like grits. I loved their grits. Take that as you will! I can't even get started on the case full of baked goods. So amaze. Much delicious. Many calories. But... My reason for 4 stars is the location/space. Today I was essentially shooed out while chatting with a friend after our meal. There is very little seating, so it's not an ideal place for a brunch if you want to linger and talk, as one does at brunch. For that reason alone, I would probably end up going somewhere else if I were with a group of people.
To paraphrase the philosopher Mike Meyers, "She puts an addictive chemical in her crust that makes you crave it fortnightly!!!" That's not quite right. It's more than fortnightly. I just stopped for my first bite last Saturday, and I am already planning my next visit. A group of us had stopped on a food sharing crawl, so we got to try about half a dozen things. I never wanted to leave, but they were closing. The pies are to die for. Blueberry cointreau, not too sweet, with a slightly salty crust that flaked but without falling apart. I had a triple berry something-or-another that was also pretty righteous. The space is small but clean, and the staff are friendly and hospitable. Great local business.
Delicious southern style food and sweets, all homemade! They even make their own sausage. Orange blossom tea was to die for as well.
Se7en Bites has rapidly become our favorite go to spot on the weekends. The food is consistently amazing. And their sweets are definitely to die for! However there is one little issue, which is not with the restaurant, but some if the patrons. Se7en Bites is an incredibly small location, with very limited seating. Yet some of the people who visit the restaurant think that it's a great spot to hang out, long after they have completed their meals, or before ever even ordering. As a courtesy to other patrons, and the fantastic ladies that run Se7en Bites, please be aware of the limited real estate you're using and let others who may need it before you sit down.
We've been going to Se7en Bites for several years. Their cookies are big, gooey and taste delicious. We love the oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip walnut and their chocolate chocolate chip. We always buy extras to take home. Warm them up in the oven and enjoy! Be prepared to wait on line.
Best find in Orlando!! We were down there for a visit and were only sad we didn't have time to go there twice a day!! Pastries were amazing and their grilled cheese with fried green tomatoes (and I'm usually not a fan of tomatoes) was to die for! I would go back to Orlando just to eat there. The owner and chef also come out to see how everything is.
I love this place. It's so cute and it's what a little bakery shop should be. As a home baker I really appreciate several things about se7en bites. 1. Everything is made from scratch (from what I saw) 2. The use of  quality ingredients 3. Clean and organized use of baking area space 4. Fun combinations and nicely decorated and or plated. We went to grab a bite for breakfast. I had the  Sausage, Egg, Pimento Cheese Breakfast Biscuit and my husband had the Bacon Vanilla Maple Waffle. I thought my Breakfast biscuit was large and priced correctly. It was very filling and delicious. Each element was present in taste and the pimento cheese is to die for. It's made so well. For the Pimento Cheese, they are using what taste like a pretty sharp quality cheddar cheese and for those that don't like mayo in pimento cheese I would guess they are using cream cheese which makes it so creamy and keeps it from being too gloppy. It has a very nice spice flavor to it. The biscuit is a beautiful piece of bakery. It's a little buttery and a little moist and a little but of that biscuit crumble to it as you bite down, without falling completely apart. Not to dense, just right. My husband's waffle came out like a big huge fluffy waffle cloud from heaven. We even sat and watched her make it. There is bacon in the waffle as well as a strip on top. I didn't get to taste because my husband loved it so much he ate it before I got a chance too. We bought 2 birthday cupcakes because it was his birthday that day. Wonderfully moist and again the icing is not too sweet that you'll go into a coma., it's just right. The orange blossom tea taste fresh and is delightful, service is friendly and efficient despite how busy it was. Space is small but they made good use of the space and we found a little table overlooking the baking/icing area. Great for carry out. My dad is a huge fan of little debbie snack cakes and they have their own take on a swiss cake roll and oatmeal cream pie I just have to try and bring to my dad. This place just makes me happy.
Amazing taste!
How does this lovely place not have 5 stars?!?  This is my third time here and each time it's like an adventure to try something different and new.   This time around I had the meatloaf sandwich and it was stunning... It's such a trick dish due to the chef incorporating the mash and the meatloaf into the sandwich.  It sounds messy and overwhelming, but it was amazing!  My girlfriend had the 7th trimester and it was equally stunning.  The dishes name along with it's combination of breakfast and lunch bits seems like it's trying to tell you a story.  It truly puts the feeling back into food.   Yes, it's a little cramped, but hey some of the best restaurants in London, NYC, Dublin and even Paris are found in standing room only places.  It's slightly indescribable, but there is just a good vibe to this place.  The owners have a maternal and warm feeling about them and it shows in the food.  Try to look past the small space and think of it as eating with extended family.   If it sounds like I'm gushing, it's because I am.  In a town filled with first watches on every corner Se7en bites is such a welcome change!
Oh. My. Goodness. This place is pure heaven. As soon as we walked in, we were in love with the smells alone. The staff was super friendly, which is always a plus. I had a biscuit with souffléd egg, a fried green tomato and pimento cheese with a side of their cheddar chive grits and it was easily one of the best breakfasts I've had in this city. My beau had something similar with bacon and he loved it. Can't wait to go back and try some of the sweets--we were just too full to try anything at the time.
LOVE this place.  Really good grits, amazing biscuits, and quaint and clean atmosphere.  So far I've only had The Southern (biscuit, bacon, pimento cheese, grits) and the Se7en Trimester (eggs, bacon, biscuit, and mac and cheese) so far.  I was a little bit disappointed by the Se7enth Trimester [mac and cheese is my jam, and it just didn't have the kick I was looking for - a little bland] but The Southern is well worth it to make the drive back.    The coffee is darn good, too.   I am really interested in trying out the chicken pot pie one of these days, as well as their other offerings.   The service is bistro style [order at the counter, have your food brought out, diy coffee and ice water] and the seating is a bit cramped.  I super wish of all the new quirky west coast style restaurants were BIGGER.  I've never had a problem getting a seat here during the weekday, but I imagine it could be tough on the weekends to get a table [though the counter servers are pretty quick on bussing tables]. Bistro style ordering is par for the course in smaller establishments trying to squeeze as much seating in as possible, but I always find it a bit annoying.  If you happen to need something else, chances are [if it's busy] you're in line waiting for people to decide what they want as the menu is pretty close to the cash register.  If it was full service and a bit bigger, I'd give 5 stars, but they are doing pretty well working with what they have!!   If they were able to get some outside seating, going it would be so dreamy!  Really hoping this business hangs around for awhile!
I almost don't even want to write this review. the place is small and packed. but they deserve three thumbs up!! probably one of the best breakfast meals i have had in a long time! their coffee - was decadent as was my smothered biscuit breakfast!
Really good, creative food, though it is super cramped. The Southern was awesome. I would recommend they add little signs in front of the different sweets, because you have no idea what anything is. For example, there were mini pies there with nothing discernible on them. They were in fact chocolate salted caramel pies. We wouldn't have known if we hadn't asked. Same thing with the Rice Krispie treat. It just looked like a Rice Krispie treat, but then we learned it had alcohol and other flavoring mixed in. We probably would have gotten that, but we didn't know (a friend told me later that this is how they are made). And if everyone is asking to figure out what everything is, it holds up the line. If no one asks, it could result in them not selling all of their tasty treats simply because people are unaware of how fantastic they are.
SO judging by all of the amazing reviews and pictures you probably don't need me to tell you how great this place is and how amazing their food is (and if you do - it's SUPER great and SUPER amazing ;])! BUT for my two cents I'll add a review for anyone looking to grab food for a meeting or some type of event like that - I highly recommend them! I should have probably called the day before, but it was sort of a last minute revelation (handed down as if from on high with chirping birds and little angels blowing trumpets and light shining down from the heavens) that this is where I should pick up breakfast for our meeting. Nobody even batted their cute pinupy-adorned eye when I said I had a slightly big & complicated order. I ordered a few breakfast sandwiches and pastries (did you know they make their own sausage??) and I am excited to say I am now the most popular person at the office (and we had some SERIOUS food snobs in from out of town). This place makes me proud to live in Orlando! Can't wait to go back for a sit-down brunch sometime soon!
I liked the food the price not so much. My chicken biscuit was quite tasty and I liked the peach ginger jalapeño jam. I would have liked for there to have been a side of hash browns or something. I also got a hot tea which was nothing special (I'm kind of a Teavana snob). The staff was super friendly and the deserts looked so tempting at the last minute I stopped myself from buying a little pie. The restaurant was quaint and there was a little parking lot in the back.  If a group wanted to go I would defiantly go again. There was so many interesting things on the menu but I can't ever see myself just going by myself, a 7 dollar chicken biscuit is just a little steep for me.
Went back for lunch on Sunday. The lady ordered the Meatloaf sandwich, while I dined on the gourmet Mac & Cheese. First the Meatloaf sandwich, this thing had a delicious mashed potato spread on it. The meat was hearty and tasty. Bread was soft. All in all great sandwich. Mac & Cheese was mouth watering. Melted cheese, and plenty to split. They even throw some bacon crumbles on top for good measure. Will be going again.
I can't believe it has taken me this long to visit Se7en Bites. Shame on me! It was a raining Saturday and I'm so thankful that they open for a little bit on the weekend or else I would never make it here during the weekdays. It this cute shop on Primrose and you would never expect the most delicious items that comes out of this little bakery across from the milk factory! Like I said, it was a rainy saturday. I had a strong craving for a chicken pot pie because their pie crust looks divine! Unfortunately, they said they only do it as a special item on Thursday (or was it Friday?) and also during the fall/winter seasons. Instead, I chose a Bacon, Cheddar, and Chive Scone; double chocolate chip cookie stuffed with nutella inside and sprinkled with salt; and a cup of coffee. My absolutely favorite out of small selection I tried was that cookie. I actually ate it when i got home and microwaved it briefly for 10 seconds to get it warmed up a bit .The inside was filled with heavenly nutella hazelnut spread and the cookie it self was soft and chewy. The salt sprinkled on top balanced nicely with all the sugar. It is making my mouth water as I'm writing this up. :::droooo:::: The scone was okay but not the best I've had. It was a little on the dry side for me. All in all - I'm in love. I gotta to back to find some more goodies in there to drool over. I just may have to bring a bib next time.....
After being introduced to this place by a friend during a food expedition, I haven't been able to stop thinking about it. Everything I've tried has been amazing, but sweet and savory. My favorite is still the blueberry pie, but the asparagus, mushroom, and goat cheese quiche came very close. Can't wait to return!
Sweet or Savory? That is the question. I usually turn to savory when it comes to breakfast and this place sure does hit the spot. I have had a chance to stop in a couple of times for breakfast and coffee. I have tried both the breakfast bread pudding and the Southern morning biscuit. The owner is excited about what she makes and you can taste it. The coffee is very good as well and they carry soy milk if you like to avoid the dairy. Most visits I am usually too full to get a treat but I have taken a couple home for later. The small pies are sold at other area restaurants. Those pies are awesome and just the right size. I always look forward to returning to try more from the menu.
If you're on a diet. Don't go here. You will try to eat everything. Hubs and I went on a Sunday VERY CLOSE to closing time. We got a very late start to the day and stopped by to see if they were open. Luckily for us, they were. The day we went we wanted something brunch like. The owner made some suggestions and, ultimately, the Bananas Foster Waffle won us over. We thought it wouldn't be big enough for two of us so my husband ordered something extra...a delicious scone. The people who work there are SO knowledgeable and friendly.  We went back two weeks later and instead of ordering brunch we walked out with $20 of baked goods. My husband, Chris, who hates chocolate tried one of my items that had chocolate and he asked for seconds. He's lucky I love him because I almost thought about saying no.
A gem of sweet & savory.  100% total comfort place and food.  Perfect addition to the Milk District.  Reminds me of a Cafe you find in California, but minus the avocado. ;)      The food has all the flavor your tastebuds dream about and then some.  I ordered what I thought was the simple Breakfast Morning Biscuit and found out it to be  WOW with flavor and filled with yummly goodness.  The boyfriend had the  "Bowl of Nonsense", potatoes, egg, biscuit w/gravy and pimento with a side of grits.   He and I both loved our picks.    The staff is real and not your glazed over mutants wishing you weren't there.  They are very accommodating and seeking to satisfy.    I dare you to keep your after meal togo goodies to only 3 or 4...unlike me. :P NOW go fill your pie hole!
This place is totally a lil gem! I walk in today with excitement because I have heard how yummylious this place is. I go in the place it had several people there for a early morning Thursday. The smell of freshly baked goods slaps you on the face as soon as you walk in. Now my bf and I stand there with a confused look on our face should we order food like we had previously discussed?  Or should we buy all the sweets that are in the front counter screaming out "pick me" "eat me". I decided to order the egg biscuit and he ordered the tuna sandwich on sourdough. Good things come to those who wait YES THEY DO. WE waited a lil while for freshly baked biscuits and it was totally worth the wait. The food comes out and my very picky bf takes a bite out of his sandwich and grunts mmm... as hes eating. The first bite I took out of my biscuit made me hate the fact that it was ever going to finish. So savory and delicious you can really taste the pride and love these people prepare their food with. After we finished we were a lil sad so we indulged in the oatmeal whoopie pie and the chocolate cake. NO MORE WORDS NEED TO BE SAID JUST GO!!!!
Fun Local shop professional  baker dishing out high quality pies but whit there own Twist  Fun place to check out if your a out of Towner like us try an stop bye for there Hot fresh Sunday cinnamon rolls they go fast come Early
GO HERE. Their food is delicious and creative. The owner and employees actually care if you have a good experience, are friendly, and welcoming. The orange blossom tea tastes like you're driving down the street next to blooming orange groves with your mouth open tasting the air. The desserts are stupid good. Even their normal coffee is good. GO HERE. DO IT. You'll have a happy day if you do.
Only a 4 because I haven't had a chance to try more than the Southern yet! I consider this a hidden gem! Off the more populated portions of the area is a quirky, cozy small piece of heaven. They have a nice array of homemade baked goods on display on top of their savory and sweet eats. Since I only had the Southern I'll keep the food relevant to that. It comes on a metal tray but don't judge it's looks or size, it's very flavorful--rosemary is graciously sprinkled all on top--and hearty. I couldn't even finish the whole thing (and I assure you it eat all meals heartily). I can't wait to update my review after a more indulgent visit or two. In short Pros: atmosphere, food (so far) Con: location, definitely got lost looking for it.
Se7en Bites is a sweet and savory bakeshop, new to the Milk District. specializing in nostalgic comfort foods, with a modern twist. (Via facebook.com/Se7enbites/….) The thing that stands out for me about local restaurants is definitely the service.  I really enjoy when a Chef or owner prepares the meals, and delivers them personally to the customer. That one-on-one interaction and customer attention differentiates small businesses from chains...and I adore it! My family and I had an opportunity to visit for breakfast (but I can't wait to go back and try some savory lunch bites too).  The hubs ordered the Se7en Benedict, a biscuit, over medium egg, bacon and crispy green tomato covered in a creamy peppercorn hollandaise.  Gorgeous and delicious!  He also had the most amazing cheddar chive grits.  I am not a fan of grits, but these were fantastic! I ordered a breakfast dish that could easily be a dessert.  The cheese blintz contained fried green caramel apples, topped with sweet whipping cream and almond slivers.  Heavenly!  I also tried an aqua fresca of lime, ginger and hibiscus.  Very refreshing and unique. There was a generous selection of desserts as well.  You can't go wrong with any of any of their house made treats.  There's something for everyone. We took home (and enjoyed) a gorgeous chocolate dipped coconut macaron, an oatmeal cream pie, faux-reo, and housemade swiss cake roll. This is a definitely a must visit local spot. Thanks Chef Trina for making our visit outstanding!
Phenomenal. Se7en Bites has a perfectly developed brand, terrific customer service, and most importantly some of the most delicious food. My husband and I have been twice and even brought our families who were visiting to enjoy the restaurant. Must tries - are the 7Benedict, 7Hash (a special this weekend), and their yummy baked goods (double thumbs up for the oatmeal cream pies and "crack" cookie bar). Everything is always cooked perfectly - from the lemony hollandaise sauce to the over medium eggs - and tastes so fresh. A must see in the Milk District!
It was my first visit there last week and my bf and I loved everything we had! I had Southern Biscuit ( Biscuit with egg, bacon, cheddar cheese, chives and grits.) It's no longer in their menu list but they still serve it. They just took it out from the menu, name and description because it's just so popular that old timers know it so well. My bf had the European (French bread, bacon, ham?, drizzled with balsamic dressing.)Their sweet tea is a delight. It's flavored! Orange blossom tea. I don't know if they change it from time to time but when we got there that's what they were serving. It is good!   The main reason we went there was for the chicken pot pie but I think they are only serving it on Thursdays.
Adding this place to my weekly place to eat. I had the 3 little pigs. So good. Would recommend! A++
Definitely a spot near downtown worth checking out! My girlfriend just came here for brunch...well, does 230pm count as brunch? Anyways, Yelp brought us here and we were not disappointed. I ordered the Southern Biscuit and it was very good. My only suggestion would be to specifically ask for crispy bacon. The staff was also very friendly.
This place is awesome- the only thing keeping me from going all the time is the price.  I love the food, though.  It's high quality, for sure.  You can tell everything is made well. The Orange Blossom tea (which yes, they can sweeten with simple syrup!) was amazing.  And if you get the milk, it's served in a sweet little glass bottle with a fun paper straw.  Your order comes to you on a silver platter, too!  (Ok, maybe it's a small baking sheet, but still.)  It's those small touches that really complete the experience.   And I have to say I was totally tempted by all the sweets, but it's the savory stuff I've had there that keeps me wanting to go back.
I love these cute little cafes that have been sprouting up everywhere! Once you walk in, you know that you are in for a delicious treat! It was definitely hard to make a decision, but I chose the Bacon, Chive and Cheese scone and it was absolutely great! Not too of anything. The desserts, made fresh daily, caught my eye and I just had to have their Snickerdoodle Biscotti! Sooo very good! Pair it with their homemade tea for a really great dining experience!
Se7en bites is a refreshing addition to the Milk District area! I love the vibe that the space gives off and really enjoy the bakery goods that they offer. I always get the morning biscuit! I enjoy the poached egg on top with pimento cheese! The pimento cheese can get a bit overpowering, so if you're not into that stuff, it may be better to request less pimento on top or get it on the side. One thing you must get if you visit se7en bites is the ORANGE BLOSSOM TEA! I hope they include more brunch items in the future because everything so far from here has been delicious.
I thoroughly enjoyed this establishment. I spent just about $20 on myself which is a bit overkill if you ask me. But the food was very delicious. I did enjoy how the lady that took my order did tell me that all of their food is made without mayo(because its disgusting). So the chefs and I agree on that at least. I will need to give this place a second try and maybe with some company because the first time I had attended I did enjoy but this is not a 5 star place for me... yet.
Orange blossom tea=so refreshing. Aqua fresca=so refreshing. Tuna melt=perfect. Bacon sloppy joe= great flavor. country Benedict=so filling and so good.salted caramel dark choco pie = one of the best pies ever... The crust is amazing and the filling came warm and it was sooo good. Go at a good time to get a seat (early lunch before noon)
I frequent this little bake shop quite often. The chef/owner, Trina, uses fresh, seasonal ingredients daily. The biscuits are incredibly fluffy, and are served with your choice of honey butter or any other jam/jelly/butter combination Trina has whipped up that week. The breakfast choices range from biscuits with eggs, bacon, and homemade pimento cheese to waffles to quiche...and so much more, changing weekly. And she makes her own (much better) version of popular sweets! Faux-reos, oatmeal pies, swiss rolls...among so many other incredible sweet and savory treats. They often fill up quickly on the weekends, as it is a small space. But people tend to cycle in and out quickly. I've never actually had to wait on a seat. I hope this charming little bakery stays in the neighborhood! Though I'd happily drive across the city for a bite of those biscuits.
A casual, but most memorable lunch experience! Walking into Se7en Bites, you can't help but feel the positive energy flowing through the bakery. The natural lighting and cheery greetings from the staff instantly made me a fan. My sister already had a head start  and ordered an aqua fresca infused with fruit and vanilla bean. While her aqua fresca was delicious; I didn't want to get the same beverage as her. I instead ordered the Orange Blossom Tea and had it slightly sweetened. The tea was so refreshing and delicious with it's floral notes.   For lunch we ordered the mac & cheese of the day and the B.P.T.  We were total happy campers and so thankful that we were able to snag their last mac and cheese for the day. The creamy mac and cheese was topped with bacon, herbs, and crunchy chip crumbs. The B.P.T. had bacon, pimento, and breaded  fried green tomatoes. The texas toast definitely had control over the oozing pimento cheese beast. While we were eating, Susan stopped by our table to check up on us and answered any questions we had. Her patience and friendliness was noted and greatly appreciated. For to go we each got our own salted caramel chocolate pecan mini pie. Hmm, can you say "salted caramel chocolate pecan pie" three times fast? Because I can't, :(. Anyway, the pie was of course delicious, but what I want to know is what do they put in the crust that makes it so moist and flaky? Se7en Bites, tell me your magic pie ways! Side note, tea refills are free while aqua fresca refills are $1. Okay, enough typing and more pie eating.
I'm more impressed with this place every time I visit.  The food is beyond fantastic and the staff is soo friendly.  I encourage anyone who appreciates fresh,homemade food to give them a try.  You won't be disappointed. I can't get enough of their Se7en Trimester. Eggs, bacon, biscuit and Mac n Cheese. Yumm!!!
Se7en Bites - Answering the age old question: Can a biscuit change your life? Indeed, it can. I was apprehensive at first, feeling like I was somehow betraying the building's old inhabitants (Spooky's). It is truly amazing how they've transformed the dark, quirky space into a sleek, light bake shop. The food! Well, the food is absolutely divine. I went for a standard and chose an eggs Benedict with grits. No wonder the shop has become known for its biscuits in such a short span- the oft-underestimated component of an eggs Benedict was center stage and we'll worth the accolades! The addition of a fried green tomato added the perfect acidic bite to an already delightful dish! I'm not going to lie... I also ordered a quiche (I was hungry!! Don't judge me!). To me, the star of a good quiche is a balanced crust. This self-admitted crust fiend found her match. Flaky, light, and buttery. I was a goner from the first bite. 10/10 would recommend. Say hi to me when you visit them. I'll be the girl in the corner resembling Gollum whispering 'my precious!' at a biscuit....
I have come to the conclusion that no matter what we get here, it will be amazing! If you can't decide which pie to get, try the chocolate salted caramel pecan pie- so delicious!!!
Great coffee, eats and vibe. Stumbled on this place and what a treat! It will be hard to maintain a diet but will use this as cheat meal.
Se7en Bites is one of those places that I've been dying to try but have been avoiding because I don't want another pastry addiction. Well, I caved. And I have yet another pastry addiction. And I'm not even mad about it. I ordered the morning biscuit which included egg, ham, and pimento cheese... and it was just perfection. I can't describe it any other way. The pimento cheese was sharp, yet creamy. The biscuit was flaky and SO flavorful... this wasn't your traditional buttermilk biscuit at all. (the flavor was more like one of those amazing cheddar garlic biscuits from that horrible chain restaurant that I won't even mention. But their biscuits are amazing and you can't deny that.) My girlfriend got the grilled cheese which was was actually a grilled pimento cheese with BACON. Now, I am totally a traditionalist when it comes to grilled cheese.. I always prefer the basic American cheese/normal white or wheat bread combo but this was just decadent. Very rich, but yeah, it didn't suck. Now on to the desserts: moon pie: ehhh, I wouldn't get it again... it wasn't bad by any means but with how incredible everything else was, this just wasn't a highlight. salted caramel dark chocolate pecan pie: !!!!!!! this is a bold statement but this is the best pastry I've ever tasted in my life. It was a mini pie, and where I usually only take small bites of sweets, I could have shoved the entire thing in my mouth. Kudos on the mini pie thing as well.. I can't eat a lot and my boyfriend isn't a big fan of sweets (crazy) so they usually go to waste in our house. Although, lets be realistic- I'd eat one of these entire pies no matter how big it was. It was THAT good. I usually eat the filling out of pies and leave the crust because I'm just not a fan of the chalky, bland taste of pie crust. However, I actually really enjoyed this pie crust. It was the perfect texture and didn't taste like flour. I was blown away. Do yourself a favor and stop in there, if only for this little pie. Seriously. The staff is super friendly and helpful as well! I can't wait to go back and try more!
Hello Bandwagon, mind if I hop on? Yay! Hurray! Brava! and Yes! This is such a great place. What did we like about it? Nearly every single thing. The savory food? My gosh it was interesting, homemade, can't wait to get it into my mouth deliciousness. The baked goods? I'll take one of each please. The space? It is cute and bright and cheerful. The staff? It was a real joy to be around people who were helpful, happy and genuinely enthusiastic about where they worked and what they had to offer.   The few minuscule nit picky things that hardly bare mention - but I will anyway. The metal chairs were not good on Marty's bad back but they also have cushioned bench seating that worked for him. The paper under our breakfast biscuits just didn't work. It did not hold up especially since we had to cut the bacon. That meant we also cut through the paper and ended up getting pieces of it along with the food. The ladies room was occupied for quite some time and I ended up just going into the mens room which for all intents and purposes was exactly the same as the woman's. I would suggest labeling them unisex. Wish we lived closer but then again the distance may help spare my waistline from the temptation that would come from living nearby. Can't wait to eat the goodies we took home!
