This place is incredible and a true reminder of why I use Yelp to find places that I normally wouldn't even know about. The owners are fresh off the boat from Italy and you can taste the authenticity in their food. They switch up the menu everyday and make their pasta every morning. This is a cozy little spot on Edgewater and perfect for an intimate dinner with friends or your SO. They have an assortment of pasta varieties to choose from and normally at least 3 types of sauce to pick from. They also have caprese salad, pasta salad, fresh olives, etc. in the left case. The case on the right is filled with AMAZING gelato flavors to choose from. For dinner, I went simple. I had the potato gnocchi in a tomato basil red sauce with shaved Parmesan cheese and my mind was absolutely blown away. The gnocchi were perfectly el denté and literally melted in my mouth! I haven't had amazing pasta like that since I lived in Italy two summers ago. My husband had the spicy tomato pasta with a mushroom sauce and was equally impressed. I am so sad that we are moving at the end of the week (to California) because this I would definitely be a regular that would come several times a week. Oh, and the gelato? It was heavenly! I had the strawberry chocolate chip and my husband had vanilla and Baccio, which were both delicious. The flavors ranged from classic pistachio to caramel sea salt to coconut. Everyone can find something that entices their sweet tooth! All in all, this little spot is why Yelp was created. I never would have found it on my own, so I am SO happy that I searched on Yelp and tried it out!! 5 Stars!!!
The owner just moved from Italy and makes every strand of pasta fresh to order. Easily the best best Italian food in Orlando. I loved the spicy tomato pasta and had a very nice mushroom cream sauce with it. Don't skip the gelato either. Authentic flavors all around. They also serve pasta by the pound to take home - highly recommend this spot.
All of the praises sung about Trevi are well-deserved. Caprese appetizer was fabulous. The raviolis were cooked perfectly and filled with delicious ricotta. The white sauce was rich and creamy. The gelato was probably the best I've ever had. So why 4 stars, you ask? Well, even while the food was spectacular and I will certainly be back for more... I can't help but feel a little shortchanged by Trevi. My plate came with 8 raviolis (yes, I counted) and cost somewhere between $15-$16. The caprese appetizer was $9-$10 if I remember correctly. The small gelato must've been $4-$5. Our total bill rounded down to $50 (before tip) which included two entrees, two gelatos, and one appetizer. I think most people (myself included) would consider this an acceptable price for a 2-person dinner, especially such a tasty one, but I still found myself feeling surprised at the cost. I suspect this was due to the environment and overall atmosphere of the restaurant. It was very casual dining and placing my order at the counter made it feel more like a deli than a restaurant. At that price point I think I just expected a little more ambiance. I could enjoy a comparably exquisite meal for around the same price at Prato, which has an undeniably better setting. Nonetheless I greatly enjoyed what Trevi had to offer and will return. Now that I know what I'm in for, it will be easier to manage my expectations about the atmosphere.
We came tonight after jazz fest. Angelo was so funny, nice and helpful with our decisions. The gnocchi was delicious as well as the pasta salad and gelato! We will definitely be back. Thanks perfect for grabbing on the go, or to buy fresh homemade pasta in bulk for a dinner party!
My wife and I went last sunday and was amazed at the quality, cleanliness and friendliness of the place, the dishes are excellent, fresh pasta and sauce a delight, a special combination which you can feel the taste of both the pasta sauce respectively as of a single moment that is to be savoring this delicious dish and really Italian
My goodness, this place is everything you ever wanted in an Italian restaurant. Firstly - you will not, I repeat, will not find a better Italian restaurant in Orlando.  The owners are from Roma - and will often slip into Italian whilst speaking to you, which adds to the charm.  They're always busy because people are finally discovering the worst kept secret on Edgewater Drive - that this place exists and is open for business. This place is for eating, for enjoying, and for experiencing.  My other half and I decided for dinner one night, back in June, that the weather was right and we wanted legit Italian.  Yelp led us here, and didn't let us down. We started out with the olives, and moved onto ravioli.  The boyfriend tried the red pepper marinara and I opted for the four cheese alfredo.  It sounds as though this was something you could get anywhere else - let me reassure you that the flavors on this have surpassed anything in my wildest sauce dreams.  My boyfriend is a Chef, and just sat, gently scooping the remaining sauce into his mouth and savoring it like a fine wine.  The owner checked on us multiple times during the meal and talked shop with us, and we finished the meal with two gelato (which is actually made by the owner's cousin) and strolled back to our cars and sat in rapture before going about the rest of our day.  Nothing about this meal was heavy handed and the portions were perfect. I will say that I foresee them not having enough staff during certain days for larger crowds - but, to me, this kind of food is worth waiting for.  Our meal ended up being $56 for a cappuccino, appetizer, drinks, raviolis and dessert. If you're looking for a specific time of day or really want to dine in on a Friday or Saturday, I would recommend calling for a reservation - because everyone else close by will wander in for gelato, and then see the pasta...and then end up staying, which is what we did.  There's also a wall of dry goods to shop from, and you can have anything as takeaway.
Went to this restaurant expecting an amazing meal. Overall, it definitively was not. We came in between lunch and dinner. We were the only ones eating in, and it took 1 hour for us to get the pasta. They checked in occasionally and apologized once or twice for the wait but were not very considerate of how long it actually took. They did not offer to comp or do anything to make up for the wait. The owners said they turn the water down after the lunch rush and it took a while to heat back up. We literally could have taken the pasta home, across town, and cooked it ourself in this amount of time. But with the wait aside, I do believe that it normally does not take near that long so I will now focus on the food. The antipasta trio (2/5) -Pretty small portion and rather bland. Did not taste homemade. Pasta (3/5) After our antipasta we waited a solid hour for the pasta to come out. (We got the spicy garlic with Bolognese and spinach/ricotta ravioli with white Portobello mushroom sauce.) -The ravioli itself had mild flavors and sauce followed suite. A nice dish but not outstanding in the least. - The spicy garlic noodles had some heat which was nice but nothing over and above adding red pepper to the dish. I would pretty confidently say that these noodles were overcooked as well. Very soft. The Bolognese had a very light sprinkling of meat and no flavors wowed me. Yes, it was nice getting to see them roll the pasta and cut it fresh (not too many places make fresh pasta in orlando) but as a whole these dishes  were good, not great. If I was to go back I would just pick up pasta to go and prepare it myself at home. Dessert: I skipped the gelato becauae it appeared to not be homemade (it was in plastic labelled company containers next to the display.) 4/5 Tiramisu- This was pretty good; smooth, light and fluffy with really strong espresso flavors coming through . Service-   2/5 I just didn't get that friendly of feel from the place and when you combine that with the rediculous wait and no compensation, it was not a good experience. I have to agree somewhat with the other reviewer about feeling ignored because I was left with not feeling a personal connection the restaurant or the owners.
Adorable family-owned store. Some of the best pasta I've had in the US and definitely on par with the better places we've been to in Rome. Sadly they didn't have any house wines available, which would have been great with the pasta. The pasta is cut in front on you and I believe the pasta sauces are home-made and rotate daily. Would love to come back and try some of the other pasta/sauce options.
Based on good Yelp reviews, we stopped by for gelato and tiramisu. Maybe we went into this place on a wrong day. Tiramisu looked very dry and old so we skipped it. Pistachio and armond gelato was delicious but pricy-paid $9 for two single cups of gelato. Has nice selection of fresh pasta and the owner was nice.
I think it all depends on what you want. If you want freshly made, flavorful pasta in a cozy environement, yes, you will get it. However, I really appreciate great service and the overall dining experience when I go out.  If you crave attention and service, you might be disappointed here. I honestly felt ignored during my visit and wondered if I would ever have the chance to order, let alone receive food.  Yes, the food was delicious, however, the lack of service received stands out in my mind more than the food when I think of this place. That  is not cool. Perhaps ordering take away may be the option for people like me.
Really enjoyed the homemade pasta and sauces!! Everything we tried was delicious and the employees were very friendly and helpful! My one surprise/slight disappointment when I walked in was that it was not a sit down, table service type restaurant and therefore a little less formal than I was expecting. Overall though, it had wonderful food & I will definitely be going back.
It took many years but the owners at Trevi Pasta have perfected seamless portal technology and implemented it into their Pasta Shop.  In reality I'm one of the few that has realized that the shop actually resides somewhere in Napoli, Italy.  You see as you open the door, you are actually stepping through a micro tear in the space time continuum and entering a shop in Italy.  To make sure that their patrons do not get frightened they have also deployed some sort of unknown 8k resolution microthin screen placed over the windows that mirrors in real time the happenings on Edgewater drive. How am I certain of this?  For one the pasta made here is ridiculously fresh, and everyone tries to speak to you in Italian-English hybrid.  On the counter are the possible pastas you can order and then you can tell them how you want it cut up.  Then the craziest thing they do next is they actually take the raw pasta and run it through a machine right there in front of you!  You also get to pick the sauce that it goes with, and when you taste it you will know it was made by the Italian Auntie you wished you had growing up.  . In addition to pasta to eat in, they also have stuff you can buy for home use later.  I'm suprised I didn't have to declare it on my way out.  (again, benefits of portal technology).  Also before you leave make sure you get their Gelato!  It is so succulent sweet and smooth and it leaves your tongue feeling like Andrea Bocelli has been whispering sweet nothings into your ear for the last half hour. PS Being a restaurant that is actually physically located in Italy I'm surprised that they accept US currency instead of EUROS PPS Check the facebook page to see what they have for today! facebook.com/TreviPastaL…
"Sauce UP Ciao DOWN When there's nothing LEFT You've done RIGHT" Creamy, Starchy, Delicious Oh my! Of course I'm talking about Trevi with pasta like tasty strings of gold and a sauce that's rich and heavy Start with a fresh and ornate caprese With a wonderful balsamic glaze The cheese is soft, tomatoes are ripe The taste is sure to amaze Choose your pasta and your sauce Like a savory pancetta flavored red With fresh spinach pasta tossed in flour Or a rich creamy white sauce instead Looking for something all will love Try the tasty and filling ravioli With cheese filled squares share if you dare Or guard them like a goalie When you are done its time for the fun To satisfy your sorbet and gelato fix Try Mango, Strawberry, whatever you want Or my favorite pistachio-chocolate mix When one pays this price For quite delicious food They expect someplace nice With a romantic Italian mood The only reason I give it a four Is due to the deli-ish venue The owner is great, and it's run by the family And has a simple, yet varied menu The food is great, so bring your date you have to go and try it It will be good at lunch or late Your taste buds will not deny it
Trevi Pasta! Why are you so ridiculously delicious?!? Sniffly, tired, and hungry; I really needed the mighty powers of fresh pasta to comfort me out of my slump! Thankfully Trevi Pasta fit the bill. I came here on a Saturday for a late lunch/early dinner. There were people in front of us, but the owner made sure to warmly greet us in Italian. I thought that was a simple, yet thoughtful gesture. Once we reached the front; we were given a quick run down of the daily pastas and how they came in 3 different sizes. For every pasta there was a corresponding sauce that complemented it's flavor. I went with the suggestion of squid ink pasta and tomato basil sauce. My bf ordered this spicy pasta with the bolognese; I think. We also ordered the antipasti appetizer and chose olives, artichokes, and roasted red peppers. After ordering, we sat at a table off to the side hallway. An elder gentlemen served us some ciabatta slices drizzled with olive oil. Out of my appetizer plate options, I enjoyed the artichoke hearts the most. Our pastas were served al dente with shaved cheese on top. Portions were perfectly sized so don't expect heaping amounts of pasta. I can't wait to come back to try the other types of pasta!
First visit to Trevi even though it's in my neighborhood.  Delicious.  Your choice of a variety of fresh pasta. Homemade sauces. I had the spinach fettucini with a red pancetta sauce.  Portions are very good size and was really good.  The owner and staff were super nice and friendly. I'll be going back soon.
I love that this place exists. Went with my wife and will be taking our family there soon.
The no-carb fad has long shriveled away with this new business in College Park. Triva is a Italian specialty shop. This is gourmet Italian, custom made to order, right in the heart of College Park on Edgewater Dr. Trivia hand makes all kinds of pasta and can infuse the pasta with anything you like. They offer many Italian imported goods and also have Italian desserts like gelato ready to serve. The customer service was amazing! I just happen to talk to the owner and she gave me a mini tour and answered all questions I had.
Why are you wasting your time reading this love letter to authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine when you should be grabbing the closest person near you, jumping in the car and flooring it until you've reached 2120 Edgewater Drive in College Park. No matter what glowing review anyone puts online nothing will ever compare to experiencing this authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine. Over zealous? Perhaps, but tell me how you'd react when you've spent the last two years living in Orlando, having moved from Boston, trying to find authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine. So, how did I enjoy it? Well, let's just say the tears started upon the entering and the fresh, auth-...(you get the point) was scented. Vanessa, the radiant owner of Trevi Pasta, welcomed us and explained how everything works. Pick your pasta, pick how you'd like it cut, pick your sauce. The one piece of feedback I am giving; include prices on the daily special board, couldn't see them listen anywhere.  After ordering, your experience becomes table service and bread is brought to you. TIP: Along the side of the restaurant are a few tables where you have the opportunity to view into Vanessa's kitchen and see the food being prepared. Everything we ate was delicious and immediately brought me back to my childhood, growing up in Mass, sitting around my Noni's dining room table. It was so authentic that I was anticipating at any moment my Italian grandmother would cone storming into the restaurant giving me a long lecture and asking "When-a you gonna bring-a nice Italian girl home with you and give-a me grandkids?!" Considering my boyfriend and I were stuffing our faces with such riches that afternoon it seems like the joke would be on her. The food is the kind you have to pace yourself through. I did not want to stop eating it, but from the first bite I was struck with a poignant feeling that soon my plate will be empty. Despite being over the moon and stuffed we managed to squeeze in some gelato. The Bacio (nutella) was the perfect ending to this lunch. Rich and creamy with some nuts mixed in it. Trevi Pasta is a bastion of authenticity in a city that often forgets the virtue of this very thing found here in Vanessa's Kitchen.
Owned by a warm truly Italian family, this place is the real deal. Eat fresh pasta and homemade sauce there, or take it home to prepare. They will give you everything you need to make you rethink ever walking into an Olive Garden again. But don't full up on too much pasta, because the gelato is eye ball popping out of your head good. My favorite flavors are Bacio (Nutella) and pistachio. Great food, gracious owners, and the only place in Orlando to get gelato. Add this to your regular stops. Your stomach will say grazie.
THE BEST pasta in all of Orlando! maybe further range than that
I tried this restaurant based on the great yelp reviews.  My husband and I were greeted warmly by Angelo who pointed to the white board .  He also explained the concept. Luckily we were the only people there it I would have felt rushed.  We decided on the garlic pasta with bolognese sauce  to share and we split a caprese salad.  Also two tap waters.  Like others have mentioned the pasta was made fresh right there.  The salad was very fresh - the best quality tomatoes and cheese.   The pasta dish was tasty too although I felt it was slightly under cooked.  I've had fresh pasta before and usually it's soft.   I guess I was expecting an enlightened mind altering experience as I've read in many of the other previous reviews.   We finished it off with a small pistachio gelato.   The bill was $29 which I thought was pricey considering you're kind of sitting in a deli atmosphere it's not a real restaurant in fact the first thing the owner had said was do you want this to go.  I will definitely be back at some point but won't rush.  For this price point I would like a more relaxed atmosphere.  It was very clean which I appreciated.  You can also watch them make the fresh pasta in the kitchen.  I think when I go back I'll be getting the fresh pasta to go to make it at home! They still deserve 4 stars for their unique (to the US) concept.
WOW! Amazing food and amazing service! It was like going to my family's for dinner. 5 star food in a relaxed quick environment. The pasta is now only %100 fresh but made to order anyway you like!
Holy smokes this place is legit. I have had it bookmarked for weeks and finally decided to take my fella out for dinner. It's a relatively small spot on Edgewater, but there are plenty of tables suitable for 2 (and I heard the owner offer to push 2 together for a group of 3). You order at the counter, take a seat if you're eating there, and ponder which gelato you'll order after dinner. Oh yeah- the gelato is front and center and too tempting to turn down! The owner is from 'Roma' and he knows how to run an Italian joint! There is plenty of dried pasta to buy and take home and they have a lot of it on display to show you what each type is called. They also have Nutella, olive oil, crackers, and other authentic Italian groceries. I was so excited to see the owner rolling and cutting pasta for someone's to-go order. Can it get more fresh than that?!? We shared the White Truffle Ravioli and were blown away. 8 large Ravioli served with a drizzle of flavorful olive oil- Mmmmm! We also shared a Caprese Salad that was divine! How can a tomato and mozzarella salad be divine, Andi?? Homemade pesto drizzle, that's how. The pesto was surprising with a fabulous lemon flavor. I usually feel uncomfortably full after eating at 'Italian' restaurants, but having eaten in Italy, I can verify that this lighter meal is much more representative of what Italians eat. (I just annoyed myself with that statement. Please pardon me.) I finally went with the Bacio Gelato (which is a cooler way of saying Hazelnut/Nutella) which came in a cute plastic cup with a tiny spoon and a wafer cookie- perfect for taking on a College Park stroll. Which is precisely what we did. Big thumbs up!
I eat pasta at least 5 times a week, and it's easily my favorite food, so I was excited to hear that there was a spot that had freshly made pastas and raviolis in so many different flavors and shapes/sizes, as well as homemade sauces.  You can buy the pasta by the pound to take home with you, or can eat in their small cafe!  The pasta can last up to a week in the fridge and the raviolis I believe three days. I decided to eat in their cafe and ordered the large ribbon noodles and did half spinach and half garlic and parsley with the meat sauce.  It was served with freshly shaved parmesan cheese on top that was so sharp and delicious.  The pasta is freshly pressed and cut right in front of you, which is fun to watch.  If you've never had fresh, homemade noodles, you are missing out.  It's by far 100 times better than the premade packaged noodles.  It's also fun that you can pick from a large selection of flavors.  I loved my meal and ate the entire plate. They change their menu on a regular basis and sometimes have specials running on certain things.  You can follow them on Facebook, where they update their daily specials and list the different flavors of noodles and sauces they have for that day. Among the pastas, raviolis and sauces, they also have salads and piadinis which are flatbread sandwiches.  And you can't forget about the gelato!  There were so many flavors to pick from...I ended up getting the tiramisu and it was the perfect way to end my meal!  As for drinks, they carry canned sodas, flavored Sanpellagrinos (the orange is really good), bottled water and a few other bottled beverages. I'll be going back soon to buy some noodles and sauces to bring home with me and to try some raviolis...they didn't have any the day I went.
My boyfriend, coworkers and I stopped by Trevi Pasta on our trip to Orlando. And we were all VERY happy with our decision!!! The food was AMAZING and impressed all of my coworkers and even my boyfriend who was born and raised in Italy. That says a lot, because he is very picky about Italian food. We got the antipasti, variety of pasta plates (favorite was the mushroom ravioli) and gelato. The gelato was the perfect finish to our meal! I would definitely recommend the restaurant for great food, a unique experience and great service in a casual environment. The owner was very friendly and welcoming! We cannot wait to come back.
This place is authentic!  The gelato is so delicious I see no need to have it anywhere else. I had chocolate gelato with mixed berry gelato.  The gelato had real berries and the chocolate was legit. The pasta is made from scratch there and I will be trying that next!
Great place for an authentic Italian pasta snack! Desserts and pastas are delicious and homemade. High quality ingredients and very friendly service :) They also sell some Italian imported groceries if you want to try to repeat the receipes at home. It's on the expensive side, but worth it. No alcohol sales (yet - they are reportedly working on it).
I have eaten lunch here several time and have never been disappointed. The spicy pastas are my favorite. And you have to finish with gelato. Made fresh it' to die for.
The best part about Trevi is the atmosphere without a doubt, it made me wish that they had some outdoor seating on a busy street in Italy. The menu changes all the time, and having never been it was a bit of shock stepping through the door with the combinations of pasta offered (I hate making choices on the fly). However, the owner of the joint (Vanessa) is wonderful. She helped explain what they do (fresh pasta), the sauces of the day, and the options that you have when choosing your pasta. Vanessa clued us in that you can check the daily menu on Facebook if you are looking for something specific. From the get-go everything just had a very relaxed feeling to it, and you can order everything up front and grab one of the tables (the place is a little small so not sure how it will be if it's crazy busy). We grabbed some antipasti before the meal which was really good. The onions soaked in balsamic were my favorite. Having tried two different meals my recommendation leans toward the ravioli. I had the sun-dried tomato ravioli with a garlic white sauce. All the pasta comes with fresh Parmesan sliced on top, and honestly the big pieces of cheese lend a wonderful texture. The only reason I was not the biggest fan of the pasta itself is my preference is for pasta to be dried before cooking. While its amazing that this is all made in house and fresh, I personally find the pasta a little soft. That said, the ravioli alone make me want to come back, and the gelato that is served here (pistachio!) closes out the meal to a T. Overall, everyone here is incredibly friendly and quite Italian! You really get a sense of supporting someone starting up their new business and that part is terrific. If you are a pasta lover, or just like fresh food that tastes great I highly recommend this place.
This restaurant is one of those gems I want to keep all to myself and not post about, but alas...I have to speak about this place. :-) I stopped in tonight for dinner with a friend and I've already decided to bring my boyfriend back tomorrow. If you've ever been to Italy, you know what homemade pasta is like. You know the sauces are not over-saturated with salt and spices like many Italian-American restaurants typically do. This is the real deal...highly recommend this place! We met the owner, Vanessa. She was super friendly and actually brought her machines directly from Italy when she moved here. They've been open for a couple months now and already have their pasta being served in a few local restaurants. You can order to go or dine in, and choose from a variety of fresh-made pastas and sauces. You can even sample them if you like prior to ordering. I had the bolognese sauce with the wider, yellow noodles with fresh slices of parmesan and was in heaven. That's just about all I can say about that. :)
Very good and fresh pasta. It has flavors not only in the paste but the noodles. The pasta is very soft and absorbs a lot of paste. The tiramisu is to die for. The ladyfingers absorb all the espresso. You can taste different flavors at once. The bitterness of the espresso, the softness of the cake, and the sweetness make a perfect match. The place is really clean. You will probably need to pay 20 more bucks to have the same food at other restaurants. Definitely will come by later.
My husband and I stumbled on Trevi one Saturday night. We were very pleased with our experience!! We each chose a pasta, a sauce and picked the caprese salad to start. The only downfall of our visit was that, upon ordering at the counter, we found there were no vacant tables! We waited only 10 min for a table - no bad at all. The caprese salad was delicious! If it's on the menu, I'd definitely recommend trying it! The pastas were great (husband - spicy garlic pappardelle, me - garlic pappardelle) and the sauce was delicious (both - tomato basil). We had a nice conversation with the owner as well - very sweet lady! Next visit, we will leave room for gelato!!
Delicious, homemade pasta!  I haven't eaten pasta like this since I lived in Italy!  So amazing!!!  I can't recommend this place enough.  Very popular with families.
In my whole life even in Italy itself i haven't tried a pasta as delicious as this one. I tried the mushroom ravioli with pink sauce and the spicy thick pasta with 4 cheese sauce. Also we ordered the olives with bread for starters and they were really good that they made me more hungry. The portion size for each plate (lunch) was very good, excellent. I saw them cooking a new 4 cheese ravioli and they make the pastas infront of me. Overall this restaurant made my day and try the tiramisu
I stopped in for lunch this afternoon. This is as authentic an Italian cafe as you are going to find in the Orlando area. I began my meal with the fresh mozzarella appetizer. About a dozen mini mozzarella balls simply accentuated with a balsamic glaze to the side of the plate was a perfect beginning to my meal. My Italian Turkey,arugula,tomatoe pressed sandwich arrived a short time later. It was fresh and delicio us. I finished my meal with Pistachio gelato house made on premise. So good! Vanessa is the owner and was a warm and inviting host.
This place was such a great find! Really quaint family owned little gem in College Park. The owner greeted us and told us she makes the pasta fresh daily and one of her relatives makes the gelato. You get to pick from a variety of pastas and sauces made fresh that day. They had some unique options like Squid Ink pasta. I had the spinach ravioli with four cheese sauce and complimentary bread followed by strawberry and pistachio gelato. Can't decide which I liked more. Would highly recommend checking this place out if you're looking for something more refreshing than another chain restaurant.
Liked it a lot. Very good pasta and the gelato was excellent. We will be back, but there are a couple of problems. The main one being it takes too long to get the food. Fresh pasta with sauce should not take over 20 minutes to arrive, when there is not a huge crowd to serve before us. Service is slow. Quality is probably the best I have experienced in Florida. Prices are a little high for what you get. Pasta with tomato sauce and no meat or veggies cost over $14. It was a good portion, but it was not extra huge. You need to offer the Carni option after pasta, if you want to do the Italian route, and you have to put some meat in it, if you do it the American way. Now, we got a lot of pasta, and then desert. I miss out on the proteins from meat or fish. We will still be back, as the quality was excellent.
Trevi Pasta has become my favorite place to eat, so much that I can't eat pasta anywhere else without subconsciously comparing the two. I've tried the lemon basil, spicy garlic, spinach ravioli with 4 cheese, and ravioli with ricotta and artichokes. All have been fresh, delicious, and tasty. I've ordered take out from there as well, and it takes only minutes to make so I never have to wait long when I'm hungry. Try it out, and don't forget to get some gelato! Almond and Amarena are my favorites!
Stopped by this quaint little shop in College Park recently for a quick visit . I don't have anything detailed to write since we didn't actually purchase or dine here. The guys working were super nice though and straight from Italy so if you are looking to brush up on your Italian, this is the place! One of the guys told us about their homemade pasta that they crank out and offered us samples to try. They had a wall of authentic Italian ingredients and condiments for purchase as well as other goodies like prepared sides and salads for purchase in the refrigerated case. There are also several choices of gelato ready for consumption and, of course, housemade pasta! Only giving 4 stars since we didn't actually buy or consume anything but hope to up it to 5 soon!  I will be sure to come back when I have something more specific I need to purchase for a recipe.
If you are looking for three best fresh pasta and the most amazing gelato you must. Come to Trevi. Run by an authentic Italian family that is warm and inviting. You will get an education in real Italian food and one of the best meals you've had in awhile. Must try the spinach pasta!
Oh wow!  I got the spicy pasta, along with Mom's bolognese sauce.  I can't tell you how fantastic that was.  In my top 10 meals prepared at home.  I LIKE to make my own sauces.  But no more.  My very best marinara sauce was GOOD, but couldn't compare to this.   They have several kinds of pasta and sauces(changes by day and availability).  You can eat there or take it for later preparation.  They have ravioli and pasta salads.  And fantastic Gelato.   I gave 5 stars, with some conditions: 1. They are new, and still figuring out how to run a retail outlet.  It can get a little slow when busy.  They seem to be smart people, so I expect this will work itself out. 2. Their prices are a bit too high, though it is easy to say their food is worth it.   3. If you ask them to provide by portion size, they recommend a size that would be difficult for most people to eat.  My normal portions are a little more than 1/2 theirs.  So this leads to #2 as well.  If you don't eat 1/2 lb of pasta in a setting, then you can save by ordering your size and not having so much left over. From now on, when I want to cook a pasta dinner for company, I will make the meat, and leave the pasta and sauce to the experts at Trevi Pasta.
Not many Italian places are actually run by Italians. What makes this place even better is they are actually Italian restauranteurs. Fresh pasta, gelato and house-made sauces are all delicious. We tried the Bolognese and Cherry Tomato sauce with Basil and both were terrific. Pistachio gelato was creamy and tasted very Italian. Well worth the visit.
Finally.. a place where I can practice my terrible Italian with the old couple behind the counter as they cut their fresh, made-from-scratch pasta. Best pasta i've had since living in Italia. Va bene va bene.
What a great meal! Mom and Dad were here when we dropped in and the owner completely took care of us! You have to try fresh pasta if you never have!
A visit to Trevi Pasta is like walking into an Italian cafe in Rome. It is a family-run business. The owners are very warm and welcoming. The daughter makes the pastas and ravioli, the mother makes the delicious sauces and the cousin makes the amazing gelatos. They literally cut the pasta fresh for each order. The flavors of pasta rotate daily, but be sure to check out the spinach, rosemary or garlic basil pastas. They also carry an amazing espresso flavored soda. It unique and refreshing. Italian grocery items - gnocchi, orichetti, dried porcini mushrooms, canned and jar tomatoes, balsamic glazes and olive oils are for sale. Everything is so fresh and delicious. We look forward to returning for many more scrumptious meals or to purchase some fresh pasta to take home for dinner!
The food is just awesome! Everything was fresh and made to order. You will be extremely happy with anything off the menu. The owners were very friendly and attentive. I wish we had this place back home!
Excellent place, awesome atmosphere, delicious food, you must come to visit this place, I think you won't find something similar around!!!
Purchased fresh pasta for my husband's sauce on Sunday - very delicious.  I wanted semolina pasta but they didn't have it that day so I chose the peppercorn pasta.  It definately had a pepper taste but was really good.  Next time I will opt for something with more flavor but we didn't want it to interfere with our sauce.  I would like to stop in for a lunch - I didn't realize they prepared food to eat there.  Kitchy little place.....the gelato looked great in the case....
A while back I got an insane craving for authentic gelato but couldn't find any place that actually had it. Many ice cream shops call their product gelato but it's always just ice cream. (Yes, there is a definite difference!and I'm Italian so I know this very well.) Through chance I saw that this place had just opened and decided to check it out. FINALLY authentic gelato in Orlando, and it couldn't be better! Haven't tried any of the pasta yet but I've only been hearing good things so it is on my list. Can't wait to go back
I've been back to Trevi Pasta several times this past week and Now you can order the type of Pasta and sauce you want, to be cooked and eaten at one of the tables here. I see that Owner Vanessa is preparing new items every day, expanding the available choices and has expanded her hours, now staying open till 9pm. Yesterday, along with some pasta and sauce, I ordered some of the marinated olives, Fresh Mozzarella balls, and Artichoke Salad. I Loved every bite.( While I was bringing the water to a boil to cook the pasta, I  took just a spoonful of the Mushroom and Pancetta Sauce to taste. BIG Mistake, as I ate most of it like a soup!)  I asked if I could take some pics of the pasta making process to post, and Vanessa graciously consented. I am still very impressed with this new business, and recommend it to anyone who understands and appreciates well, and lovingly, made food.
I love this place. Made from scratch pasta, ravioli, and gelato. I'm so happy it's in our neighborhood.
The pastas are amazing! Fresh,homemade, and cut to order. No place like it in Orlando. The gelato is also fantastic and homemade. This place is like something you'd see on a small side street in Rome. Absolutely fantastic. A true little gem in College Park.
I live in college park and I'm happy to see a place like this so close to my doorstep. It's authentic Italian which is not very common in this area. The gelato is awesome and they make their pasta fresh daily! How can you beat that?!
We had our first visit to Trevi today. It will be the first of many more to come. We ordered piadinis, a type of flatbread sandwich with fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula. We also had a side of their olive salad. Everything was fresh and delicious. Their varied selections of homemade pastas, sauces, and gelato on display will bring us back to try as many as we can. The shop is sparkling clean, and resembles ones seen in Rome. There are shelves of Italian delicacies for purchase as well as their own pasta for sale by the pound. Not inexpensive, but worth every penny spent for quality and flavor.
What an amazing restaurant! I highly recommend the garlic parsley pasta.
This is the freshest pasta and ravioli one can have.  Simple but delicious sauces.  Love this place and plan to com here frequently.  The owner and her family are delightful and welcoming.  Ask to have a tour of the pasta making process.  Oh, and the gelato is to die for!
This place is great! So excited to finally have REAL Italian food in Orlando! We loved the pasta! Vanessa is great! Super helpful and is really fun to talk to! She puts a lot of love into her food :-) Can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing! I remember the days when O'Stromboli was an Italian market with fresh pastas and sauces and cheese straight from Italy. Since they became solely a restaurant Orlando has been missing a legit Italian market. Well now we have Trevi Pasta! The Italian staff makes sauces and pasta daily and there is a wall full of imported goodies. This is the only place I will be getting my pastas and sauces from! (Their gelato is amazing as well)
Just picked up papadelle pasta w/ the tomato basil sauce to-go for lunch. BEST decision! it was delicious! Pasta tasted fresh, sauce was flavorful and portion was more than filling! I'll definitely be back to try the fresh mozzarella and get more pasta!!!!! #eatlocal
This place is one of a kind!! You walk in and are greeted warmly by the owner Vanessa who speaks beautiful Italian and it feels asif you are walking into her kitchen at home) we were explained the process of ordering the pasta . The pasta is made fresh with seminola flour and each day different flavored are infused into the pasta! Once you pick your pasta you pick how you want it cut! You watch them cut the pasta fresh for you! Every day the Vanessa's  mother makes fresh sauces and you can either eat the pasta there or take it home and cook it up!! Then in the case are some if the most beautiful desserts you can imagine! We ordered the limoncello cake and it was delicious!! Light airy with a light creamy lemon filling. It was a little pricey for the slice but worth every bite!! We also  got a little tour where we got to see her beautiful pasta making machine!! We can't wait to go back!! Vanessa's cousin makes the gelato and I sampled one of the flavors which was delicious!
This place is fantastic.   The quality is top notch and is exactly like what you would find in Italy.   Words cannot do justice to the quality level of the food they serve.   Best pasta in America.   Best sauce in America.   Very kind and accommodating.   You should really go if you like true Italian food
Food tasted good. Very very small portion for the money you pay. I do understand all the hype about fresh made pasta but I think there are other places. Something is wrong with the people that think this place deserve five star. They are over priced and know how to sale. Those Gelato they have are not even any different than other places. They charge five dollar for smallest portion. Worst is they don't even list their prices. So if you don't ask them how much likely you are getting screwed up with the high price. There is no way a plain pasta dish with half portion size could cost $15 a plate. They charge you more than fine dining Italian restaurant without the fine and the dining. No service. They have seating area but no seat down restaurant. Food quality was not much different than any other Italian chain. It was the interior and the way they know how to sell it. I wish good luck to them but I doubt it that they would survive with that ridiculous business strategy.
Out of this world. Every kind of pasta made fresh right in front of you. The sauces are very good. Life is too short to eat bad pasta.
