This is a cute little place.. I had the brisket tacos which were pretty good. No complaints here.. it was a-ok...
I really need to go back to give this a proper review as I only had two beers and an appetizer, but what I had was fantastic.  Beer was served promptly, albeit to the rim, and was delicious.  The brisket taco I had was awesome, hot, fresh and tasty.  Simple but done well.  Very cozy, really popular, I was a fan from approaching the place in my car.  I had to leave, so I didn't get to stick around, but the music levels were perfect for lively conversation, which is what happened.  When you don't blast music, people talk to each other!  Even people they don't know!  Thanks for getting things right.
Loved, loved, loved the food here.  We came at an off hour for lunch and the place was quiet - lucky for us.  They only have a few tables inside with AC.  But they also have several tables outside.  The inside is mostly a bar with about 5 tables available.  The music playing is at the perfect level to allow you to have some great bluesy or rock music in the background.   I loved the option of 5 ciders!  There are a ton of beers for those beer drinkers out there.  This is definitely NOT A CHAIN which I loved!  Our waitress was super sweet and welcoming.  The menu was perfect for lunch.  I got a great salad and brisket taco with a side of Mac-n-cheese.  The shredded brisket was amazing and full of flavor.  Its truly a must get either in the taco or a sandwich.  Everything is made to order, allowing those picky eaters to create their own sandwich so you will be sure to get it exactly as you want it.  They even ask if you want your sandwich pressed, which you will when you see these warm pressed sandwiches being eaten by people with huge grins on their face just screaming YUM like my husband did when he ate his. Enjoy this tiny little shack of a place because we sure did.
I love this place. Friendly staff, nice place to sit outside, great food. Definitely a great place to go and hang out.
The brisket tacos!!! The beer!!! The jalepeño flatbread!!!  Bragworthy? Absolutely. A plus for me is that its within walking distance from my house. I love the outdoor seating and the inside feel is inviting, not pretentious. The staff and the owners are personable and attentive as well as knowledgable about the beer selection. All in all, the Gnarley is far better than I dared to hope for when it opened. A definite must for good beer and good food!
Great food, exceptional beer selection, and fast and friendly service at good prices.  This place has the whole package, except there's not enough seating - VERY small.
Amazing food drink and service!  Top notch!  Thank you guys!
The more often I go here the better it gets!  The service is very friendly and happy to make beer and food suggestions.  The brisket tacos are great!  Oh, and if you go, try the BBLT!
The roast beef/macaroni and cheese sandwich is ridiculously good.
Menu is kind of limited with snacks and sandwiches, but the brisket tacos are AMAZING! Get the habanero relish, if you're brave.  Their beer selection is really overwhelming, but the staff appears to be really well-informed, and are happy to discuss the different aspects of all their beers with you. They have a nice back porch to sit out and have a few beers.
great tacos (on Tuesday - gotta do it), hip out-of-the-way house style bar. Great bartenders...very personable.
We were looking for a decent place with some local flavor to celebrate a work milestone with several colleagues; the reviews on Yelp don't begin to describe how much we loved it.  Great beer, awesome brisket tacos, 'kill the keg', and waitstaff and locals who didn't mind us crashing an awesome local vibe.  Will definitely be back.
Brisket tacos are legit, as is the Johnny Mac N Cheese. Tuesday is $2 tacos. Very solid craft beer selection. Limited seating inside but good size outdoor area. Service seems to be consistent.
What a great little pub!  First off, it is the craft brews that shine here.  They have a good selection of both draught and bottled craft beer.  The beer selections change - you can visit their web site to see the current lineup.  They also have a limited food menu too - nothing fancy, but what they have is tasty.  We went on taco Tuesday and had the $2 tacos.  We tried both the chicken and brisket versions.  The chicken was good but the brisket is fantastic.  The tiger sauce adds a little horseradish zip but to really pack some heat you need to add the habanero relish.  Seating is very limited which can become an issue when they are busy.  But the small size does make for a very cozy atmosphere you won't find elsewhere.  Will definitely be back here again!
Great local watering hole. I had a twist-on-a-french-dip sammich that was unique and delicious!
Great food and beers! Good times! It just doesn't get any better than this.
I'd be in here every night if my waistline would allow. The Gnarly Barley is my happy place...a charming roadhouse that reminds me of all of the places I hung out (and learned to drink) in back in my Central Pennsylvania days. And despite all the trash some of you have heard me talk re: Central PA, I mean this as extremely high praise. There is a great rotating selection of draft beer and always a good list of bottles and cans. If wine is your pleasure I have found the house white to be totally drinkable (and 2-4-1 on Wednesdays). This alone would be enough to draw me in but the food...oh dear God, the food...is also outstanding. Nothing fancy, mind you, but their sandwiches, tacos, salads and flatbreads (yes, I have sampled them all) are everything good bar food should be. Their grilled cheese (get ALL of the cheeses...they'll let you) is pure bliss. Have I mentioned that the service is some of the most gracious I have ever experienced? The staff is excellent and will make sure you never go thirsty (or hungry). My guy and I are frequent visitors but we always have trouble convinving our friends to meet us there because it's "too far". Our friends are idiots. I'd drive an extra 20 miles for a night at the Gnarly Barley.
LOVED this place. Kind of stumbled upon it by accident while looking for a restaurant after our flight landed, and ended up going twice in the same day, once for lunch and once for dinner. It was that good. They have an extensive, excellent beer selection. It was early December, and they had a nice array of holiday brews to choose from. For lunch, I had the BSwich, which was fantastic. That chipotle brisket on that sandwich is something else. I was already a few beers in when I ordered dinner, which was The Great Grilled Cheese. Now, this was not as good, but that was definitely my fault. When asked which cheeses I wanted (choice of 7!) I chose all of them... obviously too much, but it seemed like a good idea at the time. Oops. The service was also excellent. I'd like to commend the two servers we had, whose names unfortunately escape me. Their beer knowledge was supreme. As for ambiance, it was quite laid back, which made for an excellent way to start our vacation. For lunch we sat inside. It was pretty low key, not very busy (which was to be expected at 3pm) except for what I i assume were a few regulars. For dinner we sat outside. They had a huge projector showing the Magic game, and the bar was definitely more hoppin', but they still maintained that laid back atmosphere. I wish this place was in Detroit. They would fit right in here. I definitely plan on returning when I visit the area again.
Stopped here based on Yelp reviews. We will be back, it was a wonderful experience. The brisket bacon sandwhich was so yummy we couldn't believe it. The owners were informative, friendly and fun. We felt totally comfortable having their beer, talking and eating their food. They have a neat photo album of how they transformed the place into a warm and cozy hang out.
I went on lunch break and it was pretty cool. Although it doesn't looks like much from the outside, once you go in the vibe changes completely. It looks like a pretty cool place to go at night and it looks like they have many different events going on.
If you're not from Orlando, you probably won't know about this little bar/restaurant that I like to call a "high class dive!"  The atmosphere is very mellow/casual and laid back. My favorite night is Wednesday night which is their 2-4-1 wine specials. The prices are so reasonable for the amount you get, especially with the wine and food. If you're not a wine fan, they have a whole chalk board and front/back list of microbrews.  If you're a person who drinks only domestic beers, this place probably won't be your cup of tea! The fun part about the many selections is the experimentation of new tastes!!! Everytime I go, I try something new. My favorite food is the kettle chips loaded with blue cheese, pico de gallo, and shredded chicken.  The amount of food can easily be shared.  I am also a fan of their chicken vinaigrette flatbread. The taste of the chicken with goat cheese and balsamic glaze is such a good balance of flavor. Also, their food is CONSISTENTLY fresh tasting. You can tell it is not something out of a processed bag like commercial restaurants.  This is definitely a place I would suggest having a girls night or a date night for a few beers and some fantastic food!
Stopped at this place while on business trip. Have outstanding food, including great vegetarian menu. Beer list is comprehensive. Atmosphere is that of small, modern pub. Definitely recommend this place
Ok, disclaimers first. Don't judge it from the neighborhood or the exterior. Don't expect "fine dining". The motto is "bites and brews" and that my grind is exactly want you'll get. For such a little place the beer selection, both draft and bottle puts many larger established places to shame. Dogfish Head 120, The Bruery Special Releases, etc. the food while limited is actually pretty good. The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the prices are hard to beat. It's cozy, under 500 sq feet plus a patio and ample parking.
This place is the best! Great service, great food and great beer! These guys really know what's up!
Cute little place to find a craft beer and to have a great sandwich. The restaurant is a little out of the way of downtown, but it is worth the drive down Orange Ave. Stopped in during happy hour on a Friday night. They have a large chalk board where they write out their beers, ciders, and different drinks. During happy hour the 16 draft beers were a dollar off. I already ate with some friends before I came in, but my husband ordered some dinner. He got a bacon and turkey sandwich with their chips. The sandwich looked great and he said it was the best sandwich he had in awhile. The chips were a kettle chip and I loved those! We sat inside, but there is a really nice and large deck outside. I also noticed some board and card games to play if you bring a group in. We were kinda in a hurry when we came in, but I am looking forward to coming back another day and drinking a couple beers out on their deck.
Don't be fooled when you see it from the road, it's a diamond in the rough. The back patio is great and the interior has a terrific pub ambiance with late 90's alternative rock music. The food was awesome! We had the Snack Attack with chicken appetizer and both had the Barley Brisket Bacon sandwich..... Again, did I say it was awesome?!?!? We loved it. Our server was Alex and she was friendly, attentive, and extremely helpful.  The food portions were huge so come with an appetite!
In a land filled with one chain restaurant after another this is a small business owned by super friendly people. They have a long list of craft beers. They are known for the brisket and tiger sauce. I had the brisket taco but would make a friendly suggestion to the chef to change out the flour tortillas for corn (maybe loose the white cheddar and add in slaw). Orlando would be a better foodie town if there were more gnarly barleyesque spots.
Great little spot with nice patio, excellent micro beer selection and the brisket tacos are money!!
Stopped in on a Wednesday night trying to escape the monotony of the convention hotel. Turned out to be one of the best decisions I made all week. The guy who owns the place (sorry - didn't catch his name) was behind the bar, and was great to talk to and turned us on to a number of awesome local and craft beers, all of which we enjoyed greatly. I had the brisket taco with habenero salsa (do it!) and part of a spicy flatbread, both absolutely delicious and perfect compliments to the beer. It's low key, friendly, a bit of a divey feel, not crowded, and has great food, couldn't ask for more!
Great food, service and atmosphere.  You are so comfortable, you don't want to leave.
Gnarly Barley is a great up and coming restaurant that deserves its growing following! Owners are young entrepreneurs from Orlando and I look forward to patronizing their business in the future! Great food, service, atmosphere, and quickly becoming a favorite among Orlando locals. DELICIOUS
I don't even have the words. Ok - maybe I do. First things first - the beer. Holy beer list. I am now officially on a beer quest. I'm setting a New Year's Resolution NOW to drink through all of the beers on their list. Unbelievable. The food - are you joking? I kind of want to say it was no good to keep it secret - but that's selfish. It was incredible. The bbq tastes like it's straight from Texas. The salad (homemade dressing - holla!) was equally good. There ya have it - I said I liked a veggie thing. Then you know it must be good.
The Gnarly Barley is just what South ORL needed. Lets be real, there isn't much besides fast food chains and darden-like restaurants on this side of town. Which is why Gnarly Barley is such a site for sore eyes. The Beer selection is mind blowing compared to the size of this place. Taco Tuesdays are perfect for the after work brew and bite with $2 tacos and beer specials. I would recommend trying the following: Sloppy snack attack ( their version of nachos with home made potato chips) Brisket Tacos w Tiger Sauce Mac & Cheese ( everyone raves about this for a reason) Chicken Vinaigrette Flat Bread Johnnie Mac & Cheese ( Big enough for 2)
Straight off, we are not craft beer drinkers so I can see where all the good reviews come from. My family and I stopped in for lunch here last weekend and while I can understand the reviews, this is not a stand out for us. The food, while good, was nothing outrageously awesome. Except for the Mac and Cheese, which was outstanding. They DO have a very good craft beer selection and the Tacos that everyone raves about are, to me, quite bland. I tried a brisket and a chicken taco, both with the "Tiger" sauce. No heat or flavor. The Balsamic Chicken Flatbread that my wife had was OK and the buffalo chicken sandwich was a no go. The chicken they use tastes like shredded canned chicken with some wing sauce on it. Not good at all. But, I also had to try the mac-n-cheese and I am glad I did! This was some of the creamiest and cheesiest bowl of M&C I think I have ever had. This place would be a cool place to go with some friends for a drink or two, but would not go for the food alone.
I am probably a horrid, annoying beer snob, but I love this place. The selection of beers is diverse and interesting, with many different varieties to please everyone. The food is pretty good for a beer place, definitely better than most of what I had around Orlando. Completely recommended for beer fans!
Great beer selection and great food! This is a really cool local spot. My girlfriend and I love the place.
I rode in on a weekday just because of the reviews here. I do not regret that at all. What a great place. I had the Roastbeef sandwich, which was recommend by the bartender. It was very, very good! I also had a nice IPA which I got to try before buying, which is always nice. The service was personal, friendly & fast. The ambience in there is cosy and friendly. Definitely a new favorite in Orlando for me :)
Great food, craft beer, and great service! Can't ask for anything more than that! I've been her once and absolutely loved it. The outside tried to fool me from going in, but I'm glad we ventured in because, like I said, the food is super good! They have a variety of different sandwiches, which I can't wait to go back and try more soon. It seemed like the beer menu changes almost daily, which is awesome! And tour server was super friendly and helpful when we had some questions on the food and beer. I can only imagine how busy this place gets during the evenings, especially on the weekends. I did love seeing that they had some board games by the door, so maybe next time I'll break one of those out to play!
I kind of don't want to review this place. For selfish reasons of course. it is small - quaint and Delicious - also very small so I hope the drive will stem the crowds. i would argue the best beer selection (not the highest # of beers but the best selection of hard to find craft beer anywhere)..  I love going there. the food is the real kicker. Brisket nachos, any of their amazing sandwiches - you can't go wrong. I flat out love this place.
Great salads! Super selection of beer! Our server was on point! Brisket taco was excellent. Nice atmosphere, relaxing!
I am in love with this place. The staff is so great. They know their way around (the oh so many) beers, but aren't snooty about anything. The selection is great. And you can kill the keg on three craft beers every Saturday. Yes please. On Taco Tuesdays it gets crowded. I don't think I'd sit outside in the summer again- too many bug bites! The food is fantastic. The brisket topped homemade chips are unbelievable. The place is small, but oh so cozy. Can't wait to go back. (P.s. they have a loyalty card called the Craft Draft Club- earn that free beer!).
What a DELICIOUS FIND. The place is small and a bit obscure but we went on a  recommendation. The place is VERY small, probably seating only 20 people on the inside. We crammed 4 people on a high top that was meant for 2-3 people. While we didn't have any beer from the selection, we definitely ordered from their food menu, which was a little overwhelming at first. I was initially disappointed that there wasn't any burgers but the food we had was AMAZING. I had the Gnarly Dip, a sandwich with roast beef, swiss, onions and tiger sauce. The tiger sauce has a strong horseradish base which really made the sandwich. Au' jus is a dipping gravy on the side apparently that's really light and adds a little something extra. My guy had the Barley Brisket Bacon (which I also had some) and it was delicious! The brisket was flavorful and crunchy with bacon and cheddar. Of the two, I definitely liked the Barley Brisket Bacon sandwich more. There's games to keep guests entertained, including mini-cornhole, Apples to Apples, and Connect Four. We definitely enjoyed our visit!
Gnarly Barley is a flower that grew out of a pot of dirt. South Orange is the kind of place that grinds the ol' gears, makes you wish you lived in a realer part of the city, gets you killed if you try biking there. Then you come upon this little bidness, as well as Bauern Staube down the street. Little gems, little roses in a bed of thorns. I could use the word oasis. That is to say, it's pretty good. If you've read any other reviews, you don't need me to tell you that they have unique and wonderful beers and well-crafted food. I too tried the brisket tacos and I too will return for them again. Of course I was a little nauseated when I saw the bill I managed to ring up, but that is mostly my fault. Happens everywhere.
This is the best Gastro pub ever best craft beers best sandwiches best staff nothing better.
Great little place. I was not expecting to find such a gem in the middle of practically nowhere. I thought the inside was super cute and they even have some outdoor seating for those cool nights. I was looking for a refreshing beer and when I asked, I was given a choice of two beers. I selected one, can't remember which one and next thing I know, I was given samples of both. Talk about service. I ended up going with Florida Cracker for my beer choice which was not my first choice before the samples. I also had the brisket and bacon sandwich. It was super tasty and I enjoyed it very much. The Mac & Cheese is also on point. They have board games that you can take back to your table and have at it! Nice place, will definitely be back
Outstanding. The boys and girls over at the GB are knowledgable, friendly, and real. No corporate schick, no fake demeanor. These folks will serve you up some of the most fantastic craft beer you've ever tasted, and do it with a smile. Make sure you try the food. I've had nearly everything on the menu and it's all pretty fantastic. Highlights include the brisket tacos, and the "sloppy snack attack". Make SURE you get the Tiger Sauce.
Highest tap handle to square footage ratio around.  They've packed a whole lot of deliciousness into a teeny tiny space.  The food coming out of that tiny kitchen is surprisingly good too - think gourmet (high calorie) sandwiches. Friendly welcoming barstaff who know their beers are always appreciated.
Found this place on yelp, highly recommend! Some of the best sandwiches and craft beers we've ever had!
Great beer list and wait staff extremely knowledgeable about the beer.  Food good and reasonably priced.  Can't wait to be back.
Gnarly Barley is such a great little place, though the only drawback is that it is so far away!! Seriously, you keep going down Orange Ave until you think maybe you've passed it, and then you keep going down even further. Gnarly Barley is a small bar/restaurant located on South Orange Ave, with a nice beer menu and delicious food. On Tuesdays, they offer $1 off tacos! Their brisket tacos are what you really want to try. The chicken tacos are ok, but nothing really special. If you're vegetarian, don't be afraid to ask them to load up a taco with nothing but cheese and veggies; someone in our group did this one night, and they happily did so! You can also ask them to add veggies to your regular taco, since their normal tacos don't really have much in the way of veggies. Tonight, I tried their brisket bacon sandwich on wheat, which was delicious! The bacon was nice and crispy, and the brisket was savory and perfectly prepared. It was served with potato chips, and I ordered a side of their delicious mac & cheese. Their mac & cheese is some of the best I've had around town, so I definitely recommend ordering it. This place is tiny; inside is taken up mainly by the bar, and a handful of tables. Outside has 2 covered seating areas, plus a few picnic tables that aren't covered. It is definitely a small place, and not close to anything. Don't let either of these facts bother you though; the food is always on point, and their beer selection is excellent. The draft beers are listed both indoors & outdoors on chalk boards, and they're all craft beers. I've noticed that they have at least one local Orlando option on draft. The service is usually pretty good. Max, the bartender, has served me each time I've been there, and he's super friendly and for the most part pretty attentive. It does take a bit for them to come out to your table if you're sitting outside, so I recommend popping inside to let them know you've grabbed a table. I really do wish this place was closer to my side of town, but it is worth the drive. I love sitting outside when the weather is nice and having a couple tacos and a few beers and playing board games/card games (bring your own games!!) with friends.
Incredible. Delicious. Yummy. Reasonable prices, and great portion sizes. If you get the Mac and cheese as a side, be prepared. It will be very very cheesy. Now, whatever you do...Get something with their brisket, you will thank yourself later. Especially the brisket bacon. Your welcome.
You must try the brisket tacos with tiger sauce! Black bean tacos are amazing too! And the Mac and cheese...and the beer. You get the point! Awesome spot for lunch or happy hour!
I have been here on a couple of occasions. This is the perfect spot for some good food and beer. The jalapeño popper flatbread is so good, but my favorite thing here is the Mac n cheese! Its so creamy and they even put it on their sandwhiches. The only downside about this place is that its very tiny, but they have outdoor seating in the back. The waitresses/bartenders are so informative about everything. They are quick to answer any questions you may have about the beers. I highly recommend trying this place! You won't get bar food like this anywhere else.
While their brisket may be what they're known for. Everything on this menu is top notch. Theres something to be said about a fantastic $9 sandwich. It hits a nice price point while still getting quality ingredients and excellent prep. to go with this sandwich they are have an excellent beer menu with over 15 beers on draught and probably another 75 in bottles for excellent pairing with your food. I can say i'm a fan and I will be back.
This place is the bees knees. Looking for awesome (craft) beer selection and a sandwich with Mac and cheese on it? You found your heaven. Oh yes, I said sans which with Mac and cheese on it. The atmosphere is fun, service is great, and the treats on the menu are delicious.
This place is awful!  Don't come here!  Ignore that amazing craft beer selection.  You really didn't want that.  Oh, and the food?  Not very good at all. In fact I hear it is at it's worst on Tuesday nights.  I mean, c'mon!  Tacos with beer?  Who thought that combo was good?  It's really not creative at all.  It's also really expensive on Thursday nights sooooo..... Seriously.       Stay away!     IT'S ALL MINE!!!!!!
Looks like a total sh!thole as you drive up but do not judge a book by its cover!  One word - BEER!  Order the Leipziger Gose as it may be the best beer on their menu.  Think coriander... We visited Orlando and had lunch there before flying home.  BBQ food is good but the beer rocks.  Lots of locals in the place.  Awesone service too.  Love the BBQ smell - even on the patio.  Gave our loyalty card to a local since we had 3 people and plenty of meals on it.  Would like to go back one day. This place will not disappoint :)
I drive by this place every day on my work commute and kept promising myself to stop by for beer and food. After reading a spotlight piece in one of the local papers, I finally headed here for dinner and beer with a group of friends. The place is SUPER tiny and if you get there at a certain time - you might feel too sober to sit inside (our neighbors were LOUD and DRUNK). There's plenty of outside seating but I'm confident this place will be super packed once the weather starts warming up. The food was great - I ordered a brisket bacon sandwich a deliciously huge portion. I know nothing of beers and typically stick to Belgian ales and pilsners. I just loved the overall laid-back appeal of this place and will definitely be back to try more of the menu....that is, after I shed a few pounds from my first meal.
Placed a *HUGE* order for pickup before my family got in, and they got it together like champs. Tons and tons of food and huge portions. I don't think we should have ordered as much as we did. This is a total dive but in a really neat setting. Seating inside and out and the place was just packed to the brim and super busy (it was a Friday night too). I noticed they had Dogfish Head on tap, which was impressive. As far as the food, some items were a bit overly salty but overall it was pretty unique and good, especially their Tiger sauce and habanero relish. I think with such a large order to go, food quality took somewhat of a hit. I can't only attribute it to that as we were driving around after for a little longer than anticipated and got lost. But either way it probably would have been a good idea to cut some corners off the to-go boxes, and also get the potato chips in separate containers, because a few things came out kinda soggy. My family wasn't too impressed but if I'm ever in the area again, I'd love to stop by and grab a bite on location. It just seems like a really cool place with great service too.
This is definitely a hidden gem.  The menu is imaginative and they have a lot of microbrews available.  I went with the Gnarly Dip and some of a few of their beers on tap.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere and for the serious gatherings they even have some board games for play while you drink.  They do not have a kids menu, but they are happy throw something together for you if you need it.   Overall, good food and a great place to hang out to enjoy a few with friends.
What a great find!  When we first saw it, we weren't too sure we were going to be able to bring the kids in - very "hole in the wall bar" looking.  Wow, was I wrong!  The little patio area was perfect for us as the little ones needed some fresh air.  The beer and recommendations by our waitress, Cat, were spot on!  The Snack Attack appetizer is a must!  Kettle style chips, brisket, black beans, cheese and pico de gallo style salsa - WOW!  Excellent sandwiches and the kids loved their grilled cheese and Mac and cheese!  This place is a must!  We are here on vaca from California and will be back before the week is up and we head home!  An "A" in my book for service, food and beer!!
Easy place to miss if you're driving down, but this was definitely a pleasant find. The food was great and the drink selection is varied. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommended.
This place is just great. Always a good beer selection. Last time I visited they had my fave, ballast point sculpin, which was a bonus. The tacos are so on point, as well as the balsamic flatbread and sandwiches. If you like good beer and food with a laid back atmosphere, this is the place for you.
Stopped in prior to jumping on a plane. Good food and good drank.
Cozy atmosphere and really awesome, tasty beers on tap!  I love this place.  I met a friend from out of town here and I am so glad I chose this place because we both loved it.  The Johnnie Mac is indeed awesome.  Our bartender though quiet took very good care of us despite it being busy.  If you are not sure if you will like a beer they will hook you up with a generous sample to make your decision.  I will definitely be back! FYI--the menu is not healthy not vegan friendly so if you want to eat you might hit someplace else beforehand.
Delicious sandwiches.  I had the 38 special, and I sampled the brisket sandwich, which my wife ordered.    Small place, so I would not recommend for a large party due to limited seating.  Outside patio to eat but it's a little warm in august to eats outside.  Food came out quick.   Prices good.
This is a hidden little gem that's about 20 minutes south of downtown Orlando. The place is quite small, but has a cool patio out back if the weather is nice. The inside is a pretty standard bar, with TV screens, etc. it's very clean, and the service was excellent Gnarly Barley offers a GREAT beer selection, and at a very reasonable price. I'm somewhat picky about my microbrew/craft beer selection, and I had no problem making a selection- and even tried a couple beers I have not had before. Most importantly (for Yelp viewers anyway)- the food was EXCELLENT. There were some very creative combination items (sandwiches with macaroni and cheese on them, Jalapeno poppers on flatbreads, etc), as well as standards like Build-Your-Own sandwiches. There were 6 of us who ate, and we all shared food, and everything I had was terrific. I would definitely recommend this place, and look forward to my return trip.
the best looking ginger staff in town!  also, try the bologna sandwich, it's delish!
A little shack which doesn't look very inviting hides a great little spot for craft beer & great food!  The service was quick & friendly.  I wish they had more TV's though.
AWESOME place! The food is top notch, vibe is laid back and the brew selection in excellent!! I recommend the brisket tacos and the "38" sandwich!! Pro tip: $2.50 cans on Thursdays! (...and we're not talking pbr's and miller lites...)
This is a super laid back place to get a bite to eat and a drink or two, and I have no problem bringing Small Fry with.   Not much seating inside, but there are tables on the porch, and picnic tables on the "lawn".   I usually end up with the build a salad, and it's been tasty every time.  It's nice to have a salad at a bar that isn't an afterthought.  I really enjoy the variety of ciders, and it's nice to know that they will always have something new to offer. Not a great place for the gluten-free set food wise, but again, the salad is really good.   However, the Significant Other RAVES over the French Dip sandwich... and even has cravings for them. :)
Definitely recommended. Found it on Yelp, & my sandwich (The 38) was great!!!!! The potato salad has lot of mustard & bacon (!) in it! I didn't have a beer, but it looks like they have a great beer selection. They appear to pride themselves on both loving beer and loving good sandwiches. Cool atmosphere in a little shack with a back patio. Indoors are old wood floors, chalkboards on one wall (beer menu), and timber wood lining the bar.
In Orlando for a conference and referenced Yelp to find a good place to eat.  The Gnarly Barley was at the top of the list in the local area.  The one meal I had there was delicious.  Next time I'm down here I'll go again.
This place is just top notch. When you drive up from the outside, you'll be thinking "is this really the right place?" but it's perfect once you go inside. It's comfortable, cozy, the staff is quick and pleasant. They have a HUGE selection of craft beer, but the thing I was most impressed with was the food. I tried their "Snack Attack" which was kettle chips with melted blue cheese. I also had the Johnny Mac 'n Cheese as well, which was a roast beef sandwich with mac 'n cheese on the top! Excellent food, excellent place to go!
Awesome place, love it! Tons of beers most of which you won't be able to find anywhere else around here. Love the kill the keg specials they do, that's how I fell in love with Victory Hop Devil on nitro keg. Food is amazing as well, everything I have tried there I have liked.... Love the build your own grilled cheese and the cheese options they give you I would never think to put them together but it is so good.   Nice place to chill out on the patio with friends and watch sports.
Fantastic brisket tacos, and on Tuesday they are only $2 each, making them taste all the better.  Couple those tacos with a fantastic selection of beer and a classic dive bar feel, and you really have something worth visiting.  If you are in town for conventions or Disney, you should give the place a try.  One draw back, seating is really limited, so avoid the traditional peak times if possible or be the first to get there.
This was actually my second time at The Gnarly Barley and man, I love it even more than the first time. Here's the thing, when the BF asks if I want to ride to work with him on a Saturday the answer should always be yes! Why? Because we get to stop here, thankyouverymuch. This go 'round we opted for the Big Time Fiesta, TBCC, cider, and a delicious mead. The Big Time Fiesta was FULL of black beans, jalapenos, turkey, cheese, red onions, and tomatoes. I was only able to finish half but it was because I opted for the mac & cheese instead of chips. You know that sound some people make when they're really, REALLY enjoying their food? Yeah, that was me. The mac & cheese is so..thick and sticky and cheesy it will stick to the roof of your mouth. The TBCC is easy and simple but, c'mon..it's bacon and cream cheese on that turkey sammich! We shared bites because I'm nice like that. He got a side of the smashed potato salad that was closer to mashed potatoes. It is heavy on the mustard so beware if you're not a mustard fan. I am, so win! We sat outside again and the fans were running. Add that to the nice breeze we were blessed with and it was a beautiful OutCiderDay. Service is friendly, though it would have been nice to know the mead she offered was $14. We still would have tried it but it was a surprise since it wasn't on the menu. I am confident it was listed on the chalkboard but we never ventured inside. Oh well. Plenty of parking, $2 taco Tuesdays, TV's outside for the sports fans. And mac & cheeeeese.
To keep it short, my family absolutely loved this place! 6 of us arrived on Saturday night at 7 and we were able to get a table on the back porch right away! We were happy to see that they not only had 2 tvs on the porch, but the also setup a large projection screen in the back for football games! Our table ordered:  the gnarly dip, buffalo chicken sandwich, tbcc, chipotle brisket, greens and beans salad, and the johnny mac n' cheese sandwich. Everyone loved their meals, but the johnny mac n' cheese came out on top! We will definitely be back the next time that we are in the area!
I've been wanting to try this place ever since I drove by it, and read some of the awesome Yelp reviews.  It definitely lives up to my expectations.  We cam here on a Saturday evening, and the parking lot was full.  Luckily, there were two seats at the bar.  The bartender there was very attentive, and answered all of my beer related questions.  They had a fantastic selection of draft choices, two in particular that I had been itching to try (Ruinten and Wootstout).   As for the food, I ordered the brisket tacos, and those things were incredible.  They came stuffed with brisket, in a flour tortilla (personal favorite over corn), and had a great spice to them.  For the price, you could easily order 2 or 3 of those, a couple beers, and have a great time.  My only wish is that there was a place like this out in Apopka, as I'm sure I'd be there every weekend.  It is definitely worth going out of your way to get to.
Staff very nice, a couple may be shy but beer selection is outstanding and staff knows their stuff (recommendations). Flatbread are awesome (crispy is what I asked for and crispy is what I got).
Heard and saw reviews on this place, and we finally came...and it was empty, but all good cuz they let us in early. On decor, place looks ran down and it's tiny. But, they had a good playlist going on and there are TVs. The server was courteous. The bathrooms look renovated. The food came out quick! I got the mac and cheese beef brisket sandwich - wholly turd, bomb.com. and it comes with chips and a drink for $2 extra - not bad. I would like to try this place again. The only thing i wish they had was a bigger place. But they always say whole-in-the-wall places are the best.
I have driven by this place a million times when I lived in Orlando. I never stopped in. Huge fricken mistake!!!!!!! I now live in New England and was in town last night and decided to stop in. You don't find too many places like this around. The beer selection is spectacular. The employees are actually truly knowledgeable about beer. Everyone is super friendly, Not like some pretentious beer snobs. The food was also top notch! We tried a little of everything. Tacos were great. Brisket sandwich was out of this world. It's a small place. There is a disclaimer on the menu about their small kitchen and that food may take a little longer. Our tacos were out in a flash!Even if you had to wait, I don't care how long it's worth it! Places like this get looked over in the sea of food chains in the area. Don't over look it!
I'm in town for a wedding. I hate just eating at chains when I travel and was pretty excited when I saw this menu online. We almost drove past it because it looks like a run down shack. After first impressions, I gotta say I was impressed. It's good not great but had a welcome atmosphere, great prices and everything we got was tastey. I got a balsamic chicken flatbread and tried a taco. All was good but the goat cheese was overpowering at times. My boyfriend got the brisket sandwich and a taco and said that was all really good. The draft list is also quite impressive with microbrews from all over the country and even a few imports.
Excellent neighborhood bar and eatery! It's like a small house was converted into a craft beer bar with way above average bar food. The brisket tacos with habanero relish are divine! Gnar Bar is cozy, yet full of character and showing great potential for an otherwise commercial deadzone in the city. The interior has a cabin-esque feel to it. I enjoy that. If it's a nice day or night (or too crowded inside) there is ample outdoor seating. The staff is friendly and the food comes out very quickly, even when it's crowded. Seems like the locals are really diggin' this place. No carpetbaggers allowed. SIKE! Everybody should go.
This is the equivalent of the modern neighborhood bar. Lots of craft beer selections and a great beer special on Saturday evening. The food is delicious and priced just right.  Love their tacos and beef brisket sandwiches.  The desserts are homemade.  Tuesdays they have a special on the tacos. So much beer - so little time!  I love to try new beers and they have knowledgeable bartenders and the wait staff who are very friendly and go out of their way to make their customers happy. As stated by other reviewers you can sit outside on the deck or sit inside where it's cozy and watch the TVs.  Belly up to the bar and strike up a conversation with the other customers.  It's all good.
Best craft beer selection in Orlando. Really good food. They just NEED to be open on Sunday and Monday those are the days I am available and I can't eat here :(
We love this place! It's cozy and comfortable.   They have a good selection of beer on tap and a huge selection of bottles and cans. Don't miss out on the brisket tacos. I really like the flatbreads and sandwiches too. Great local joint!
The Gnarly Barley is located off of S Orange Ave about 1 mile north of the Sandlake Rd intersection. The small spot packs a lot of craft beer in a small place. My only reason for not giving them 5 stars is on the more crowded nights it takes awhile to get beers, refills, food, etc. The staff is super nice and very helpful, they do their best on the crazy nights. Great selection of beers on tap and by the bottle. The food is tasty, I'm a fan of their grilled cheese, their tacos and their tomato Florentine soup. (All veg friendly!) Hubby loves coming on Taco Tues, great brisket taco and veggie taco- he usually snags a bite or two of my meal too. Very fun place and on one visit, they were supporting a local pet rescue (Pitiful Pups) by having an event there. Giving back and helping the pups, pretty cool. Check out their website for current events, they have a lot going on.
Love coming here! I come at the least once a week! They have amazing food and service! If you can, get Saralee, she knows her beers! Everyone is great though! Tacos, Chicken Vinegarette Flatbread, 38, Johnnie Mac, which do I choose tonight? Dessert is a must tonight also, it is always amazing!
WOW.... Thought to myself REALLY?! when we pulled in.  Looks like a dive bar.  I was wrong.  This place sells AMAZING food and has some great craft beers.  For those (like me) who are not really into beer, the hard ciders are probably more up your alley.  THey are tasty to say the least and just sooo good.   The music here is really cool alt rock from the 90's that I haven't heard in ages.  I actually heard "Scotty doesn't know" once.  This has become our favorite hang out.
Jalapeno Popper Flatbread and Brisket Tacos. These two are my current favorites at Gnarly Barley. And with their great selection of craft beers, they won me over completely rather quickly. There are even board games! Seating inside the building is rather limited, with most of their seating actually outside. This is absolutely perfect for when the weather is glorious here in Central Florida, and also if you'd like to bring your pet with you. Parking is plentiful with an overflow lot just beyond the fence. But it can get rather crazy when people don't park properly in the area by the North entrance, so just be careful. Service has been overall pretty darn good. It can get a tad slow occasionally, but they make up for it with their friendliness. I love introducing this place to friends, or going back with people who are familiar with them.
My friends and I were in town for a dance event, and discovered this place when one in our party was "SO HUNGRY" but didn't want fast food ... at midnight. Needless to say, after our midnight engorgement, we returned during the following day's lunch break. We tried each others' food and brews and wished with everything we had that they would open a second location in our hometown, Tallahassee. Gnarly Barley is perfection - amazing staff, great selection of beers (I *finally* was able to try the grapefruit beer I'd heard such wonderful things about), incredible food, availability of games ... and a comfortable, grungy feel without being at all dirty or vulgar. Highly recommended!
My hubby and I found this little gem in Yelp.  I wanted a sandwich and he wanted pub food and voila, the Gnalry Barley appeared as my first choice in Orlando.  We trecked down to Belle Isle and are so glad we did.  Like others have mentioned, the Gnarly Barley looks unassuming from the outside.  Once you walk in though, any hesitation will vanish.  I will try to describe.   Beautiful Rustic re-purposed wood floors.  Lots of beer selections on the chalkboard on the wall.  We were warmly welcome and told to have a seat.  Seating was sparse but comfy.  The waiter was super nice and answered all of our questions, suggesting a great IPA for my husband.  I just wanted a cider and boy they had about 6 to choose from - nice!  They are known for their brisket so I got the brisket tacos and mh got the brisket Sammie - Thumbs up on both!!  Their tiger sauce was awesome.  Sort of like what the baby would be if horsehradish sauce and ranch dressing ever had one.  The vibe was great.  I saw young people, old people and even a baby and it was no big deal.  It was a hot July day so we sat inside but there was lots of seating outside and it looked like they had fans and misters out there too.  Check out the Gnarly Barley, you won't regret the drive.  :-)!!
Holy crap yum. Slightly dodgy building but the best places are unassuming. Inside was very chill atmosphere made to hang out with your friends- they even provide board games. Wonderful draft beer selection and creative pub food. Any sandwich is a good call.
Get the Brisket Tacos, the johnnie mac'n cheese, the jalepeno popper flatbread. So good!
Bacon, Brisket and Beer! Three of my favorite things in the world, and they are found at the Gnarly Barley. The Gnarly Barley, located on South Orange Avenue, is a cool, laid back bar that serves great food and an extensive selection of beer. We've become frequent visitors of the Gnarly Barley over the past 3 months, and for a good reason. Their combination of brisket and bacon is one of their many sandwiches offered in their menu. The Barley Brisket Bacon sandwich ($8), is must for bacon lovers. Their French dip sandwich, the Gnarly Dip is delicious as well, especially if you order it with bacon, like I usually do. The Gnarly Barley also serves tacos, and flat breads (try the Jalapeno Popper flat bread, $7). And if you are just in a snack mood, the Snack Attack ($6), is a generous portion of kettle cooked chips, with your choice of brisket or shredded chicken. If you do order it, make it sloppy (sour cream and tiger sauce, their house aioli) for an extra buck. Their beer selection is great, since they have 16 beers on tap, and many more on bottle. The Gnarly Barley serves some of the best craft beers available. Make sure to visit their website to check any upcoming events from microbreweries across the country. Cigar City and Green Flash held an event this past January, and Anderson Valley is scheduled to have an event there as well in the near future. If you are looking for a nice, laid back bar to enjoy some good food and good beers, I recommend the Gnarly Barley. It is located on South Orange Avenue, so if you are coming from Downtown, just take Orange and look for it on your left hand side.
Amazing beer selection...tin can Thursdays!  Great stuff.  Food is a bar menu, but excellent for what it is. I love the outdoor screen they project sports and shows on!
Stopped by on the way to the airport....Such a great place! Brisket tacos are amazing and such a great beer selection! Definitely worth a stop in going or coming from the airport!
Great food, beer, and atmosphere.  The staff is very knowledgeable about what beers go best with which foods and are happy to offer samples and suggestions if you have trouble deciding for yourself. Definitely should be on your MUST GO list.
3.5 STARS!!! I will be back to see if it's a 4!!! If you like beer, if you like to sit outside in good weather and have your beer and possibly a cigarrete or 30 and if you love the Austin, TX bar scene you will love this place!!!   Great variety of tap beers, casual dive atmosphere that's not too grungy and in good weather a great spot to sit outside and feel like your in Austin, TX.  You can also sit inside at the bar or a small table, very clean and nice. Came on a Friday night and tried this spot finally!! They had "Yeastie Boys" brewery featured on tap so they were playing the "Beasties" and the bartender was dressed like the Beasties in the Sabotage video from the 80's. great stuff. Had the brisket tacos. Very tasty and priced right at $3. If you are within a 5 mile drive of this place check it out, I recommend it and will be back to try some more food and different brews and sit outside and enjoy the CFL Fall weather!
Any place who's motto is "We're here for the beer" can't be all bad, right? This place is exactly what every small town needs: the friendly, neighborhood bar, with great food to boot. You walk in to a chalkboard with regularly updated craft drafts, every one of which the staff will gladly expound on, if asked. Though they do have the usual suspects, they pride themselves on having something to please everyone, even if you had no idea you liked sour beer (I do!!) They make great brisket, and they've created a menu that supports this fact admirably. Items are rotated or added as the staff comes up with better ones. There's a little something for everyone and their prices are quite reasonable! Btw, the Snack Attack is ridunkulous, and the roast beef n mac n cheez sandwich is...is... Words fail, just know you'd best have a partner or a really big belly! With indoor and outdoor seating, do yourself a favor and check this place out. And don't forget to grab your regular's stamp card!
Wow. This place is awesome. On our way to the airport to head back to Phoenix, my girlfriend and I decided to stop by a top Yelp spot for lunch. From the outside, this place looks pretty divey and we weren't really sure how they could have such good reviews based on curb appeal. Once inside, we were greeted by friendly staff and we grabbed a seat at the bar. They let us sample a bunch of beers before settling on something. This place seems like a solid locals place that's proud of their beer selection. We've got similar places here in Phoenix, but Gnarly is certainly unique. I ordered a sandwich and a beer and some mac and cheese. My girlfriend ordered tacos, a beer, her own mac and cheese and some potato salad or something. My beer was mostly head and when it died down, I really only got half a beer. It was pretty good though. My girlfriend's beer was great. My sandwich was insane. I loved it. My girlfriend liked her tacos, but they upset her delicate tummy... not from being bad or anything - she just doesn't handle spicy well. She didn't care for the potato thing, but we both absolutely loved the mac and cheese - some of the best we've had. Only problem with it was that they only gave us a tiny amount. I guess it was probably a pretty good amount of mac and cheese for the price and to compliment a sandwich. Honestly, this place deserves a 4.5 from me, but I can't give half stars. I may end up adding another star later depending on if my girlfriend posts a review as well. We liked it and would definitely eat here again.
I have some friends who have been enjoying eating and drinking at the Gnarly Barley for a while, so I thought it was about time to finally check out this local hot spot. I made a visit to the Florida Mall and since I'm not a fan of the dining scene over there we took a five minute drive over to S. Orange Ave and made our way to the Gnarly Barely. This local eatery is a bit small and while the seating is limited inside, outside you will find about a dozen tables. I always appreciate when you can find a restaurant with a great selection of craft beers. There are a number of tasty options on the menu. We decided to split the Johnny Mac and Cheese sandwich with a side of Potato Salad.This roast beef sandwich topped with mac and cheese was delicious as was the salad. The next time I stopped by the Gnarly Barley I was torn between getting what I enjoyed last time or trying something new. I went with a half of the Great Grilled Cheese and a side of Tomato Soup. It was the perfect combo for a rainy night. While the food at the Gnarly Barley is worth the draw alone, the craft beer selection makes it an even sweeter spot. Check out their Facebook Page to keep up with Tap Takeovers and nightly specials. Cheers to craft beer and tasty local eats! 4.5 Stars
Really good place for food and craft beer in South Orlando. Kind of hidden but you'll be hooked on the brisket for good
Love this place!  Good food, good beer, tons of fun!
Nice eclectic draft selection and the beef brisket tacos are the bomb! Get the tacos all the way, you won't be sorry. Wait staff are down to earth and friendly.
Super small and a tad out of the way, but they're food and tap rotation is onnnn point.
This place is a hidden gem in Orlando. I recommend anything with the brisket, especially the tacos!!! The flatbreads are also quite tasty. Even if nothing on the menu strikes your fancy, you can assemble your own sandwich with their creative and plentiful ingredients. Only complaint? Not enough seating!
Not going to lie... When we first pulled up, I hesitated to go in. But I am SO happy we gave it a chance based on the other Yelp reviews. Our lunch was incredible!!! My daughter's Mac & Cheese was the best I have ever tried. Give this place a shot and don't be discouraged by the outside appearance or random cats roaming around :)
Today this retiree went back and forth among his favorite ethnic cuisines for a good lunch: Indian, Viet, Thai, Japanese, yet he ended up at a least favorite cuisine-type spot: American. Namely the Gnarly Barley in beautiful South Pine Castle. I've read good reviews of Gnarly, but today was my first visit there. It's beautifully rundown but clean, with lots of wood, making me wonder if this building was THE "pine castle" for which the area was named. Upon first entering I noticed a nice assortment of board games, which was welcoming. I was greeted and invited to sit at the bar, or outside, or at a table inside. I chose an inside table. A large blackboard displayed the available craft beers (which I know little about). My Lunch Choice was the Right Choice: Veggie Monster with kettle chips, one of the best sandwiches I've had in the past year. It was served on wheat bread with apples, red onions, tomatoes, lots of CUCUMBERS, ARUGULA, cream cheese, thousand island and provolone. The only thing I would have changed would have been Swiss over provolone, but it was excellent nonetheless. I accompanied it with two glasses of house wine (one doesn't have many wine options at a place like this, but I would have chosen the house wine anyway, as my taste buds for wine aren't that well-developed.) In this pretty desolate locale, Gnarly Barley was slammed with people for Wednesday lunch. There's a good reason for that: you have to visit there to understand the appeal. I enjoyed my stay so much that I decided to sit outside after lunch for a spell and enjoy a craft beer. I told my amiable waitress that I didn't know much about craft beers, but that I had had Cigar City at the Milk Bar. She came back with a glass of Cigar City Patio Tools, which was to my liking. The back patio has a view of a scene from Winter's Bone, but it was fun. I can barely wait to bring friends here. I could envision myself as a regular at the Gnarly Barley. Funnily, when I hear Gnarly Barley, I think of the Regal Beagle, Jack Tripper's hangout.
Oh how I wish we had a place like this in Apopka!! We really enjoyed this tiny little place on south Orange Ave. I've driven by many times and seen the great reviews and am so glad we stopped! The building itself isn't much to look at. It's small and very dark. There is a bar, and handful of tables and some outdoor seating. The gravel parking lot is 5 times bigger than the building! When we walked in everyone seemed to stop talking and look at us. It must have been that we were blocking what little light was coming into the place through the open door, lol. Once seated we were greeted by a friendly server. They have an impressive craft beer list with some truly interesting brews. The food is very good as well, definitely a big step up from your standard bar food. I ordered the Johnnie Mac and Cheese sandwich which was a roast beef sandwich with onions, mayo and, get this mac and cheese on the sandwich. It came with an au' jus sauce for dipping and was de-licious! After reading Yelp reviews we asked for some Tiger Sauce on the side for dipping our chips in. As for beer I settled on a strawberrry abita that was so good I took a four pack home! Yum and yum! Don't pass this little place up because of the way it looks. Stop by and you'll want to keep coming back.
We came to Orlando for a cruise and my brother ordered pickup for dinner.  Had the BS wich and two tacos.  The brisket was tasty but pretty salty.  The chips were soggy but probably due to takeout.  Not sure I would get the sandwich again.  Looks like eating on site in the way to go.
Cool little sandwich shop! Great beer selections, tasty food items and fun atmosphere..bar and outdoor tables. The staff is also very friendly and knowledgeable.
How have I not reviewed this place yet? I've been a regular of the GB for months and I go pretty much every Tuesday for $2 tacos. The place is small and easy to miss so drive slow on Orange. It's on the east side of the street near the Subway. It may not look like much from the outside, but it's totally worth a visit. Really! About the food: I pretty much always get the chicken tacos with tiger sauce on the side...my favorite. But I have also ordered the snack attack, the tomato soup, the grilled cheese, and a create-your-own salad, and I've NEVER been disappointed. Not once. I just happen to LOVE tacos. Always get the tiger sauce though, even if it's on the side. Just make sure to get it. Always. Now to the staff: They are very pleasant and very helpful. They also love their regulars so go and keep going back. They'll treat you right. Last but not least and most importantly, the brews: they have drafts that change regularly so you won't get bored. They have a huge selection of brews. I'm a cider drinker, so I love that when they see me, they will tell me which ciders are on draft or in stock right away. Big plus. I often don't even read the beer or food menu, they just kinda know. ANd they have a loyalty card, so make sure to get one. They'll keep track of how many cards you go through too, so you'll have bragging rights. Every ten drafts and you get your eleventh free (pretty sure that's the deal).
Great spot with an awesome beer selection and great food. Totally unassuming, you could miss it a hundred times if you don't pay attention driving by. Cool staff who know their brews and treat everyone very friendly. Highly recommend
I wanted to give this place 5 stars after my first visit but I needed to check it out a few more times just to make sure it was worthy.....it was worthy! Awesome little (and I mean little) place that has some killer tacos and sandwiches. They have a decent sized menu and you can even build your own sandwich if you want. I've had all three types of tacos (Brisket, Chicken, Black Bean) and they're all worth trying. You can't beat the prices and the servers are attentive and polite. On my first visit our server gave our whole party free beer samples (we were on lunch and couldn't indulge any more even though we wanted too) Some places have good food, others have a fun atmosphere, and still others have a great beer selection.....Gnarly Barely has it all!! DO: Try their Tiger Sauce, It's a blend of hot sauce, ranch, horseradish and they will deny it if you ask but I'm pretty sure that tiger blood is the secret ingredient. (Maybe even from Charlie Sheen) DON'T: Pass this place up FUN FACT: They have 16 beers on tap at any given time and as soon as one beer is done, they replace it with another beer, so there is always a new beer to try INSIDER TIP: Every Tuesday all day long is Taco Tuesday,  $2 Brisket, Chicken, or Black Bean Tacos!!
First stop right outside of the Orlando airport. Complete hole in the wall and the exterior intimidated us but we tried it anyways. Tacos were surprisingly delish and so was the johnny sandwich which consisted of mac n cheese and philly cheesesteak. I would go back. Great beer choice as well.
It's unfortunate, I enjoyed the quiet little place they were. I can't get into my little dive bar anymore. It's full of yuppies every time I show up there now, I guess it's time to find a new spot.
This is my new favorite hole in the wall!  well, not really a hole in the wall, but more of a small, quaint, neighborhood bar.  We came here on a Saturday afternoon to see what all the hype was about.  Yelpers are right on! They have seating inside and out, and I could imagine that being a great location to unwind on a Friday or Saturday evening.  We were seated inside.  our server, Alex was awesome.  She answered all beer and food related questions and brought out multiple samples of the droughts that I wanted to try. The beer selection does change, so even if i remembered what I had, I'm sure it would be gone by the time this is read.  The stouts and porters were excellent!  For food we decided to share a few items.  We got a chicken taco, a beef taco, jalapeno flatbread and the Gnarly dip.  Everything tasted great, but the Gnarly Dip is my new favorite sandwich. I look forward to coming back and trying the many brews on tap.  Saturday night is a good night to come if you want to save some money, as they offer "Kill The Keg".  This is basically selling the remainder of 3 random kegs of the day for only $2 a pint. #Yelp100
Have you ever been to a really good barbecue at a friend's house? Except, your friend had around 20 awesome craft beers on tap and about 50 more in the bottle. That is the vibe the staff at The Gnarly Barley have created. It's the type of place that you'd expect to either have really great beer or really great food. These guys have both! We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was almost deserted except for a few regulars. There are stacks of board games and a giant chalkboard with all of their current, well-selected craft beers (ranging from $4 - $8, which is great for craft beer and the area). The food was playful, elevated bar food with an amazing chipotle brisket at the center of some of their best dishes. We aren't Orlando natives, but we'll consider making the drive more regularly knowing that The Gnarly Barley is at the end of that trip.
Came here for the first time with friends participating in the mustache challenge. (a fun charity thing). There was a pretty good live band outside, the superlatives were funny, and the prizes for the winners were decent. (A friend won creepiest mustache - HA!) There is not a lot of seating available but a friendly wait staff helped us locate a picnic table outside with patrons paying their checks. We ordered tons of food, beer, and wine and ate in rotation because there were so many of us. Several friends ordered the roast beef and macaroni and cheese dip. I ordered the BLT with bleu cheese - this was MUCH too rich for me and I offered to go halves with my husband who LOVES bleu cheese (and had ordered the roast beef & mac sandwich). He found the sandwich too rich as well but still let me have half of his. Next time I'm getting my own! Service was surprisingly good for the crowd that was there. They don't do a lot of wine sales here and the choices were limited so go basic if you order wine. LOTS of beers available and are served with pride. I'm looking forward to going back when the weather cools as most of the seating is outside. Dogs are welcome outside.
like others say, good tacos and great beer selection--from belgian to hoppy IPAs and beyond--bar staff knew what they were talking about and will give tastes. Brisket taco outranked chicken with more interesting flavor and a little less drippy (don't wear white!). Great flavors--and the black bean taco alone was really flavorful w/nice fresh-tasting flour tortillas (better than standard grocery). Only about 5 minutes from the Orlando airport--and much better choice for a dinner before an early flight the next day than chain fast food or overpriced hotel restaurants. I'll keep this one on my list. Young local or traveling crowd. The interior is small--but aro 9pm on a non-event night we got 2 seats and the bar and then things cleared out w/o feeling empty. NIce pub vibe. Jeff O is right on target: "It's like a small house was converted into a craft beer bar with way above average bar food." Or like a small British pub w/wood and not a lot of carpet.
We stopped here on the way to the airport with our three kids.  Hole in the wall.  Really shocked at the quality of the food. Indeed it is bar food but it's very good and much of it homemade.  Coming from BBQ capital I was reticent in ordering the brisket tacos but they were outstanding (I'd advise them to add cilantro to their homemade salsa). Family had sandwiches and liked them.  The beer selection is probably the best selection per square foot you'll find. Also, the service is really nice and enthusiastic. It was 5x cheaper than Disney and 10x better.  Highly recommended.
Dig it! Inside is quaint and they have a nice outside patio! It's small on the inside but it's very intimate and laid back. There is a small bar and some tables. I dig the detail like the large chalkboard with all the craft beers listed and the ambiance of chilling in someone's log cabin. It's dope. I went with The 38 for a sammie with a side of mac and cheese. It also came with kettle chips which were delicious. The mac and cheese was delicious, obviously house made. It was a very small side but it was a great side with the sammie. The 38 was a "club like no other." Sub roll (which was pretty legit coming from a Northern girl) loaded with Ham, Turkey, Bacon, Provolone, Honey Mustard (which was more like basic ground mustard) and tiger sauce. I went without the tiger sauce as I was told it was a little spicy. It was delicious. Extremely fresh and tasty. I got this order to go and enjoyed a cider as I waited for my order. I can't wait to go back and enjoy this spot. It's a little out of my way from downtown but worth the chill atmosphere with great drinks and delicious food. Def check this spot out!
Great Lil place in orlando. Excellant selection of exotic beers. Beers on tap were cold and food was fantastic. Excellant service very hip and down to earth place.highly recommend if your looking for a good beer and a sandwich. Grilled cheese with goat cheese is amazing. Don't forget taco Tuesday $2 tacos were a deal. Great food
Haven't been here yet? You're missing out! Gnarly Barley is off Orange ave between Oakridge Rd. and Sandlake Rd. .  It's right in my neighborhood so that makes it extra special. This is a craft beer bar - and what a selection they have.  There are several selections on draft and many, many more in bottles.  But they don't stop there - the food is great! My favorite is the brisket tacos.  HOLY COW! They are just too good to describe, you just need to try them.  Today I went for lunch and had the Brisket Bacon sandwich.  Amazing! I subbed provolone cheese for the cheddar and it was delish. They also have great salads and appetizers.   The guys that run this place are awesome.  So glad they're here and I hope they stick around for a very long while.   Get your arse over there...unless it's a Monday, that's their day of rest.
My husband told me about this place so we went and tried it out even though it is 45 min away. We have now been back  3 times in a month and a half. I absolutely love the brisket here. Every time I have gone I can't help but get the brisket. My daughter had the turkey with cheese sand which and she really liked it. The Mac and cheese is so creamy and yummy. Needless to say this will be a place we frequent even though we have to drive 45 min to get there.
I really can't complain,.. Food is good. We had the chicken/black bean tacos... The habanero sauce is exactly as described... HOT!!! I'm big league for hot stuff but this takes away from the food if you add too much. The beer selection is very good. Bathrooms were clean. The staff was hustling for a Sunday. They could've used one more person to help with beer or food when it's ready,.. an expediter. It comes down to would we go back,... Of course. Wish we had one in our home town.
This has become my go-to place for a good beer,  excellent food,  and the best homemade bleu cheese dressing ever. It's a great place to hang out,  watch a game or two,  and relax as well. I don't think there's a sandwich on their menu that I haven't tried and liked. The service is awesome and most of the servers know their draft beers, even though they change every week.
On a recent trip to Universal, we were disappointed (but not surprised) to be surrounded by chain restaurants and used Yelp to find some local, independently owned restaurants and discovered the Gnarly Barley.  Even though it's just a small, casual neighborhood bar, it was worth the 20 minute drive from our hotel to have a good meal with good beer.  Our server was pleasant and helped describe some of the Florida beers we weren't familiar with, making great recommendations.   If I lived in the area, this is the kind of place I would head regularly for a laid back dinner, or just a couple of drinks.
Okay this relationship is starting to look suspicious. Like we may be having a "thing" going on? Third visit in less than two weeks! Their BSwich too was a do again selection. The portion of potato salad was overflowing the little cup this time, and like I said if you enjoy mustarded based p.s, you'll enjoy this  version with their added bacon . The added cold slaw on the BSwich is very meager in portion IMO. The kettle chips were a bit on the "bottom  of the bag" size, but that just makes for  a funner eating spectacle. (Do wash your hands first - anyway!) The out doors has been so beautiful recently, their outside tables are surely a must!
Don't be fooled by the trailer park look of the place from the outside. This place is outstanding. I am so happy to found this place, thanks to YELP and the already high review. Every meal that we ordered was outstanding. Get the Bite app it is so good and shows the character of this place.
I've been here several times and even to some of their special events. Awesome place. I came in when it first opened and found a very kind owner. A very friendly guy who remembered us afterwards and even what we drank regularly. The interior of the place is very comfortable and homey. It's small and all wooden and very nicely decorated. The menu is small but perfected which is just the way it's supposed to be. Small menus mean you are really good at what you make, which is very true with Gnarly Barley. Amazing sandwiches and tacos. My favorite is the roast beef sandwich with the mac n cheese, it is so damn delicious. Their selection of craft beers changes which is great and they always have a good selection. Never disappointing. If you ever get a chance, definitely go to their special events as well, they are always fun. I went to their Saint Patrick's event earlier in the year in which they worked with the Belle Isle Yacht pub to create a little festival with live music as well as food and drink specials.
Shit was good!! found it on a trip to orlando and was pleasently suprised!
Ok- must add a review for Gnarley Barley. First off, I'm apprehensive- because I feel this place is a hip amazing secret. However, their food and service is so good I give it up ( : Brisket anything is good here: they have tacos and sandwiches they are both amazing! On the taco side, every combo of meat and beans I've had here- delish. The "tiger sauce" is like a horseradish spicy good add. Ok- so the Mac and cheese? The best I've had in Orlando- ridiculous. The beer selection? Again awesome. We've only had fun and friendly service here as we'll- this place is my go to for comfort and comfort beer ( ; no doubt! Try it!!!!!
Cool place! Laid back atmosphere and the staff was really nice. Great selection of beer! We had the tacos and liked the brisket taco the best, especially with the Tiger sauce. Their mac n' cheese was cheesy goodness! We want to go again and try their sandwiches. Yum!
I love this place... Eclectic grunge feel, super nice staff, screens for football or whatever sport you enjoy.  Seating inside and out and a huge selection of beers.... I love the french dip and the tiger sauce!  Great fun place to visit with friends!
Always on point! Steer clear of the marinated Poblano peppers.... I love hot stuff, but these were to the point of almost ruining my day. With that being said, i always have a blast here. Very warm building and staff. The food really kicks ass too. Beer selection is killer, location could be better, but hey, I'd be broke if they were any closer to my house.
I was visiting from out of state and my beer-loving friends took me to this place to watch the USA vs Portugal World Cup game.  Loved this place.  There are easily a dozen (or more) craft beers on their draft list and they let you try a sampling taste to help you decide if you want to order it or not; this was a selling point for me because where I live bars will 50/50 make you pay $2-3 for a taste test.  Their jalapeno popper flatbread was delicious.  The owner was extremely nice and very informed on the beer he had on tap.  If I lived in Orlando this bar would definitely be in my Top 10.
I was stuck at the Best Western near the airport, I called ahead and asked about local restaurants and they basically said the only things nearby were McDonald's and Taco Bell. Unsatisfied with that answer I searched Yelp for something nearby with decent food and perhaps some good beer. I found that and more at The Gnarly Barley. I bellied up to the bar and was treated like a friend from the start. They had some really great beer on tap and many more in bottles, the food is simple but great. I recommend the beef brisket tacos. They make the brisket every day starting early in the morning and it's awesome. This is a small place that opened up 9 months ago by three young guys that took a commendable risk to bring good beer, good cheer and good food to a place in Orlando that sorely needed it, and they are succeeding Please support these guys. If you're staying at one of the many (kind of crappy) hotels on McCoy near the airport. It's an easy mile walk or cheap cab ride. Don't settle for the horrible stuff nearby. Walk down Gondola and make a left on Perkins and it's right there (I wouldn't recommend walking down Orange Ave). These guys are doing awesome things. I really enjoyed the few hours I spent here, and if you like good beer, good people and good food you owe it to yourself to give it a try, travelers and locals alike. BTW...in addition to the very homey (but small) interior, they have an awesome outdoor deck and even more space outside. Perfect for larger groups.
Gnarly Barley may feel a little out of the way, but the yummy food, craft beer selection and great prices definitely make it worth it!  It feels like you are walking into someones log cabin with low ceilings, a wooden back porch and pictures of dilapidated cabins and gnomes as the decor.  It comes together nicely though for a very comfortable, homey feel.  While there is plenty of room to park in their private gravel lot, inside there are only a handful of small tables and seats at the bar.  So if you are in a group be prepared to sit at one of the bigger tables outside.  They offer a variety of 16 rotating craft beers on tap as well as an extensive list of bottles.  Their menu has a decent selection of the standard bar grub apps, tacos, and build your own salads and sandwiches.  For lunch I ordered the mom's special where you can choose half of any sandwich and a side, so I went for the B.S.-wich and a side of mac and cheese (pictured).  My whole wheat sub was nice and fresh and piled with plenty of juicy brisket.  The spicy chipotle sauce paired really well with the sweet house slaw, onions and provolone.  The side of mac was seriously some of the best I have ever had; with its rich and heavy taste though, I couldn't imagine having more then the small side of it.  I believe this was $7 which was a great deal for a tasty, filling lunch.  I also stole a bite of my boyfriend's Gnarly Dip which was just as delicious as mine.  The roast beef was tasty and juicy, the tiger strip sauce had a nice kick and the au'jus was right on the money (I hate when they are too salty!).  The server was also really friendly, kept our glasses full and table clean.  I noticed a stack of board games on the wall which might be fun to bust out next time.  Check their website for special events and their current draft list!
We stopped in to check out this location as part of Orlando Weekly's Restaurant Week - what an incredible and pleasant experinece. For $10 the deal started with an appetizer, the 'Snack Attack' - kettle chips covered in blue cheese and pico de gallo - very tasty and filling For the main course I ordered the Johnnie Mac N' Cheese - a Roast Beef sandwich stuffed w/ mac and cheese served w/ a side a au' jus. Everyone in the party was very satisfied w/ the portions and the items orded. The beer selection while not huge, still offered many choices and all beers sampled were excellent. It was a busy night, however service was friendly and we were checked on often to see if anything was needed. We will absolutely be back again soon!
Went here with friends for an early dinner on Sunday and was very pleased with everything. The beer selection is excellent although a bit IPA heavy, as most beer menus tend to be these days. However, in spite of being hop heavy, they had some great choices that were Belgian style ales and lighter ales as well. I ended up enjoying a nice Oktoberfest which was a great accompaniment with the food. We shared some of their Snack Attack, a sort of nachos over potato chips with pico de gallo, brisket, sour cream and their signature tiger sauce. The potato chips were just meh, but the brisket was awesome as was the tiger sauce, although their sauce was not anywhere nearly as hot as they made it out to be. My buddy had the Barley Brisket Bacon which was very tasty with nice smoky, crispy bacon and more of that spectacular brisket on a nice soft roll. Both my friends wife and I had the Johnny Mac n' Cheese, which was just ridiculous and yet so nummy. The roast beef on these sandwiches was nice and tender and flavorful and the mac n' cheese was a very good, semi dry style that complimented the roast beef nicely, all in all very smunchy. The jus with the sandwiches was a bit too salty and not as fresh and flavorful as the rest of the sandwich. I should also mention that the service was excellent, very friendly and the young man was very knowledgeable about the beers. I would highly recommend the Gnarly Barley, I do wish their beer selection wasn't quite so IPA heavy and that their potato chips were actually house made chips. I will be looking for excuses to go in this direction in the future.
This was awesome!!! Wow it is such a neat little bar/restaurant!!  It is cozy on the inside with hard wood floors,... it has a wonderful welcoming vibe ;-).  We came for the craft beer and we were not dissappointed.  We ate before we got there, but the food coming out the kitchen was mouth watering. We will be back for DINNER and drinks!!! Oh! it has a super huge Drive-in style Screen out on the back patio.  It is the size of an inflatable screen.
Yum, yum, yum. Cans are $2.50 on Thursdays, but they are good cans. Had some funky coriander and cardamom beer. Husband had good traditional draft German beer. Great food. Cheese sandwich for me, gooey and delicious. Johnny Mac for hubby, roast beef with Mac n cheese right on the sandwich. Nice place, fun people, good service. Nothing fancy (felt slightly over dressed in jeans and a tank top, really!). But good spot to sit on the picnic tables and have a Beer!
Long time viewer of Yelp but first time reviewer. So props to Gnarly Barley for drawing me out of hiding. Overall: Excellent little restaurant that is worth visiting when on the east side of town. Time: Went for lunch on Saturday shortly after opening. As others have stated, this is a craft beer bar - and what they have on tap seems pretty decent. As I did not have a good idea about some of the brews, I asked the extremely helpful bartender. He let me sample a couple on tap and I settled on the Cigar City Hotter than Helles Lager. Seemed appropriate given the temperature outside. But I didn't come for the beer - I came for the food and it lives up to the bill. I tried the Barley Brisket sandwich served with Kettle Chips. It was great. I can't say enough about the quality of the chipotle brisket. If i had it again, I would probably go with provolone rather than cheddar (though pepper jack would also compliment the spice of the brisket well). My one suggestion is their bread choice seemed to become slightly soggy - not enough to spoil the quality of the sandwich - but enough to be noticeable. My friend had the Brisket Tacos and enjoyed them. She commented on the heat produced by quite a bit of jalapeno contained within. Not quite sure if that was positive/negative. Value: My bill came out to around $13 for the sandwich, chips, and the beer. Good value for the quality of the sandwich. Service: Excellent. Very attentive but not overbearing. Made excellent suggestions when asked and gave helpful feedback. (Ex. I was considering the Johnnie's Mac & Cheese - was told it was great, just a little on the heavy side. I decided to go for the brisket which worked out better due to the heat of the day). Final Thought: If I make it back to this side of town looking for a place, will definitely drop back in. I do wonder though how the place handles a crowd because it was relatively slow when I visited and it is not a large place by any means. I wish I had a place like this closer to me as it would be a pretty decent place to hangout after work for a bit.
We still love the Gnarly Barley. Awesome beer rotations, great food, local atmosphere, excellent staff.  Keep up the great work!
Food and service was beyond amazing... i would recommend if you ever stop by Orlando take the time to stop by the Gnarly Barley and have a drink and a bite to eat. Let me tell you, their beverage menu is very diverse and would suprise you. The hospitality is amazing and the environment brings back your childhood!!! This place will be one of my stops everytime is come back to Orlando!! And the weird ass motherfucker standing behind me wins nomination of the century
I remember when this place went by the name Hurricane Cody's. And as I visited friends in South Orlando throughout the years, it changed hands and went under different names. Now it is The Gnarly Barley. I finally had a chance to stop in this afternoon, and I am glad I did. The outside looks the same as it has over the years, and the small patio with tables and chairs are there as you enter. Immediately upon entering, a large blackboard with the craft beer selections written in chalk demands your attention. I sat down at the bar and had a draft with The 38 sandwich. The 38  has plenty of ham, turkey, bacon, provolone, honey mustard, and tiger sauce. Lettuce and tomato is on the side along with chips. The sandwich was delicious! And it had much more meat on it than some of these chain sub shops in the area. There are also tacos, flatbreads, salads, and appetizers available. My sandwich ($8) with a pint of craft brew came to over $14. One thing I always loved about this place is the back patio. A nice place to have a beer on a weekend afternoon or a cool evening. The interior is small, but cozy. There are televisions inside and out, and this afternoon had a rather large crowd of twenty-somethings playing bean bag games out back! Cannot remember the last time I tossed a bean bag!   If you are into trying different beers, this is the place for you. And I hope it does not change hands or names for a long time to come.
Great little craft beer restaurant over towards the airport.  The smell of bacon in the air made me so happy!  I came in for a beer and bite to eat.  I love how cozy and cute this spot is.  I had my favorite imperial stout, ten fidy, and split one of the delicious sandwiches with my husband that had brisket and bacon.  I visited on a Thursday evening which meant 2 for $5 can beers.  During the month of May they are participating in the Orlando weekly restaurant week so if you do visit this month you should take a look at the special menu which is a great deal. The service was great and I had a wonderful time.  I look forward to going back and trying out the salads and tacos.
Dozens of craft brews to choose from, delicious food options, and friendly service, all set inside a cozy building. All in all a winning combination for a neighborhood hangout.
Great first experience here, staff was friendly without being overly attentive.  Great ambience. The app was great (sloppy chips w/brisket), I had the big time fiesta which I enjoyed.  My friend had the 38 which was better.  Enjoyed the experience overall and will definitely return.
Great places!!!   We went there for a Cards Against Humanity tournament benefitting The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.  The food is awesome!!!   The beer selection is expansive.  I love beer!!
Great place for a sandwich and great micro-brew! Went here with a group and had good food with great service. They know when to ask if you need some refills or to leave you to conversation. Not a big place and it is very popular, so try and get there mid week.
Getting in and out is a bit of an issue and not exactly in the greatest section of town. But service is great, prices are on point with quality, nice selection of brews on tap/bottles. Not much seating capacity at bar or tables inside. Patio seating is nice. Worth checking out if you're near the area. Not a touristy locale, so you don't have that noise to put up with.
It was really hard to find places that measure up to the Philly food scene while vacationing in Orlando.  Gnarly Barley definitely made me feel like I was back in a little Philly gastropub.  Really low key atmosphere with high quality, inventive food and an awesome beer list.  The bartender should have known a little more about beer, but otherwise it was great.
Delicious! I'll be back! Hopefully when I'm not driving so I can try all the beer! I got the brisket bacon sandwich, yum!
Such fun food!  These guys know their spices, first and foremost.  There's a trick to balancing when you're putting heat into place.  The balance is absolutely perfect.  Tried so many different items on the menu that I finally overstuffed myself (and left myself full for dinner at a wedding - but it was so worth it).  The staff is super sweet and helpful (and, I must admit, the waitress was incredibly pretty).  Beer selection was nice, outdoor seating was comfortable and shaded yet sunny.  I've got a buddy who I plan to go visit in Orlando, and need to a) make sure he becomes a regular at Gnarly Barley, and b) hit this place again when I go back.
